

=== FILE: 19 Year Old Natural Bodybuilder DESTROYS Back Day [MioklwF8cZY].txt ===

Dude man like he tore up my legs right I'm not even gonna have to walk I can feel it to save it there All right guys, I am here with another Youngen Julian Fitzgerald and I'm very excited to say he survived the leg workout So if you haven't seen the leg workout yet you definitely want to go check that out Workout one with shoulders workout two was legs workout three is gonna be today Which is going to be back and how's the leg workout man? It sucks like oh my gosh. I'm so feeling Everything in my legs and I go out. That was that was tough But I'm excited because you know, not know what I got to put in and I'm willing to put it in You know I've able to see like what it costs and so it's definitely something that You know I'll get used to and I'm really glad that we're able to put myself to that because you know I'm hurting so you know no pain no gain so yeah We're teaching him where the threshold of pain really is He used to be out here now or moving that bar up so that he can understand that he's got to push past that point of the basic burn Because that's Where you want to be that's where you want to live you want to live on those winning reps those winning sets because if you're just going to like Discomfort and a bit of burn that's what I'm gonna take you so far and again Already with his God-given genetics. It's amazing But how much better can that be if we can ramp everything up a notch? So today we're gonna go ahead get our pre-workout in we're gonna do again another 3D day new flavor Also mixed with the glycerol solution the EEPAQ mixing that up synergistic effect nitric oxide with hyperhydration of the glycerol That's why it works so well together if you haven't had a chance to try it yet You absolutely want to check it out and now live on ebgintrition.com We got all the new flavors and let's get that rolling and then we're gonna go ahead and start off with the first exercise Which is basic pull-ups and then we're gonna get to the rows and all the other Definitely doing some really cool stuff on the penata equipment today So let's have a good time. So what's up guys? Very excited to announce that I finally getting ready to launch my own FST 7 transformation challenge. It's going to be a six week transformation challenge and the winner will receive $5,000. That's right $5,000 to the winner with the biggest transformation. It's open to men and women of all ages It's gonna be a six weeks challenge. You're gonna be able to get all the information on the FST 7 app to be the best version of yourself Very excited. This is my first transformation challenge. It's gonna be August 11 that we're gonna be kicking it off So make sure you go to honeyrambaud.com for all the information Can not wait to see your photos and seeing if you're gonna be the best version of yourself So that's full of cherry ice. That's that pull or you guys kind of like white white White Gatorade on steroids Let it yeah, you got a little drip you got a little drip drip because it's extra sticky Ikey Yeah All right you guys know I got a throwing the jad jokes You know I don't got a sea bomb here to talk shit This one won't blow up in my face No, no, that's the only Patriot five Great good bro. Yeah, okay. I do answer you bro Yeah It's good. I'm gonna miss the taste of some really weird shit before because every time you drink it Wow, this is really good. No, I don't really And I really took pre-workout because my dad wouldn't let me oh and so I just grew up just listening to music It's just that was the way I'll get myself hooked up Got you And so like now I'm taking a pre-workout. It's like it's not Yeah, but even then it's still like that because humans are habitual creatures So even then like I wouldn't go out of my way to take pre-workout What I have it is like okay, that's pretty good. Yeah, so remember guys when you're doing a non-stim pre-workout like a VP 3D What are you trying to get out of it? You're trying to create extra blood flow again just like I'm a huge blood For flow coach. I love blood flow FST 7's built around blood flow The products are built around blood flow Especially when you're doing no caffeine and you're also mixing with glycerol because you're gonna get that hyperhydration Which is gonna keep that muscle fullness way beyond even the middle of your workout You're gonna feel it towards the end even afterwards where you keep more muscle fullness when you use the EVPA cube So the 3D is gonna help you with focus without the use of caffeine without the use of your hymby like there is in extreme So if you're a caffeine guy, we have that for you as well But if you're printing at night right now. It's 515 in the evening So you don't want to use caffeine three use the way to go good Good Good for Good All right, so all right, so I'm gonna address a couple of questions from YouTube so you guys go ahead feel free to throw your questions in comments in to the YouTube We're gonna be going out there scouring them and one of the questions I had is am I going to be able to focus on his arms more? Absolutely not we want to actually Deemphasize he loves training arms because that's this favorite body part But we're gonna actually deemphasize it because again super super dominant He's gonna get arms would training back You're gonna have that undoing pull downs doing rows all the ancillaries kicking in It's a very dominant body part already So we don't have to go crazy because it builds even more imbalance We're trying to do the opposite. We're trying to build balance So what we're doing is we're gonna try to thicken up that chest We're gonna widen up those shoulders to fill in those arms again. It's gonna be a task It's not gonna happen overnight But it is going to eventually he's gonna get there and we're gonna try to widen the back and thicken the back So and we are trying to really focus right now on being able to use good form and work on being able to go a little slower on the E-centric which is on the way down as you've seen in the last videos He was going really quickly on the way up very explosive very football ask when you're going in and training a football Everything is about power. It's about you know really contact now We're trying to do is we're working time under tension because now we're bodybuilding Good keep it going 6 good you got 10 You got three more One so this is how you spot on this Two good good one more Okay, now I'm gonna give him a little bit more help them down slowly and you're gonna go up. I'm gonna help you up Good that was just a little bit of health slow slow one more. I'm gonna give him a little more help Hold it now hold it. I'm gonna let go you're gonna slow hold it hold it hold it. There you go So what I did was I gave him negatives at the very end of that so what does that mean? I'm giving him all of the positive help on that last set So it was about 70% me pushing that shit But I'm up there. I'm getting a little bit of a shoulder workout But then allowing him to use that e-centric in that negative so we can get more even more time under tension to help him grow You enjoy watching it get tortured Yo yo, I'm so I think this He's not used to working this. It's it's 80 Every workout on any may just torch your rug. I like it though. This is what needs to be so let me ask you this true or false Do you believe that I only pushed you to 30% scuro said I pushed you only 30% yeah false false I feel like Yeah, I don't I don't think now how do you those 30% I Can see it being late maybe that is true. It was only a 30% workout because we did extensions Then we did very very light hamstring curls I think you only did about 60 70 pounds so again very very light didn't do any Forst reps didn't do any negatives didn't do any FST 7 sets on and on hamstring then we went over to Leg Squash he did a good job on that very strong squat because that's what he's used to doing But then when he went on leg press he got buried with two plates on each side how to do one and again No extras when it came to anything with Intensity multipliers it means no partials nothing else that we went out of our way to really push him past the point Because he was just gonna get buried anyways So now what would we have done different to get him to 57 a hundred percent would have been walking lunges We would have been doing a Smith machine squat something along those lines being able to do something possibly Hacks squat you know will do another hamstring exercise Something low though on those lines and then pushing them a lot harder and going all that heavier So for those of you that are wondering whether or not he's natural a lot and why I do believe that he is natural is because Again notice respect, but he is not very strong He's got a pretty good strong squat, but when you were doing shoulder press 50 pound dumbbells kind of that was it when he's doing a lot of the other exercises Not going super super heavy when you're taking drugs guys You naturally with one of the first things that goes up is your strength That's why believe they're not I do believe he's natural Looking at his blood work not just myself, but a lot of other experts who've seen it But also knowing what I know in the gym right and turning around and one of the things that do Hyper you know people especially with great arms that he respond when taking drugs is through the shoulders Right the shoulders tend to grow Fastest in the most but again We're trying to keep him natural for as long as possible that is the game plan So that he can be able to maximize his genetic potential again naturally with proper nutrition proper training taking supplements and Making sure that we get the most out of them. This is one of the reasons why I show people these When you have amazing genetics You have stand out body parts, but you're usually strong when you take drugs and no offense You're you got a long ways to go to start getting stronger even naturally But being getting buried with 50 pound dumbbells on shoulder press is not one of them one Good great range of motion. He's getting a good stretch the last restaurant to really flare good keep going Good way in 205 pounds doing pull ups go go good Good Good Go Three more three more go one you got this two more two more with me up Two good I'm with you drive it all the way Right there now slow slow. I'm gonna let go you go slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow Good job This is like Disneyland for those that want to get swol Is necessary but look we got it man. We got it Five years Let me go fly by I'm sure actually probably won because you got to be there every single workout Hey how are those legs more yes? Geez Yes, he's our sewer. We're we feeling it. We feel it honestly Every time I take a step it feels like my hands shrink is like gone crazy And it any I can't go beyond parallel like me just doing this. I'm gonna extreme pain so Ben your knees a little bit Yeah, that yeah, can you go lower? Lower like I'm a like lower that right there is like the legs that's the max yeah, go lower. I'm a just Yeah Yeah, all right All right, okay, we're going to failure with this. Yeah, okay. This is it your warm duck I'm used to these are like this do this come on cross your legs there you just like that Good Good Two Good stretch and pull that's it Good Good job good job go Good right you got three go One Again two How are you? Right there slow I'm gonna let go you're slow slow slow slow slow slow all the way to a good stretch Okay, only the difference I would have made was that the last one stretch all the way down and stay in the Hanging position. Okay, so look my feet up a little bit exactly Ben your knees lift your feet up Okay, yeah, that was good. Yeah, I'm sure you these last time, man I know sure around let's see you back a little bit. So come on. Oh, these are let's see Boom if you notice we're we're teaching him is to supernate the wrist properly So you can get the peak right so we're getting that peak going hold that hold that pull those lats out good getting a little pump going five seconds four three Two Good job there you go I know some my front level by two Some like a work on is a lats in those lats out to get that X shape like he on Yeah, yeah, yeah, he has got freaking be tapered. I thought like a little zat on one that was Like a little tazes. That was awesome. All right, let's do the next exercise We're gonna go ahead and we're gonna go over to the rows. There you go Come on big dog Let's do it So you did arms are earlier today, huh? You couldn't help yourself. Yeah, I do it Yeah, all right, so what you do is we're gonna tuck this in There you go. All right, yep Okay, so we're gonna go wide for the first set see how you feel Good good Good Good keep going All right good you're reduce even looks like a little girl. It grew a little bit go keep going good good Excellent three more one two three good job Excellent all right guys, so I was alluding to is the rear del so his rear del right here bringing elbow back right in there that actually Feel this is like hyper responder, right? So his rear del is actually grown even from the last time we did shoulders They look like they're just a little fuller already So now he's got a good pump coming in but he also didn't have as much fullness as he did last week So it's gonna be interesting see how fast he's gonna progress Being now that we're putting proper nutrition in him and again you got you were You were a little bit of legs man yeah, yeah, see the like like I know y'all go I know y'all gonna be hating on that video. It's cool. It's cool, right? It's cool. It's cool. It's like Y'all go see how fast the legs grow and I want to see I don't know here nothing in here man When they blow up some of them oh he took this he took that no Y'all saw it from the jump so yeah Let's get him yeah Is that simple already now y'all gonna be hating rest okay It's okay two four Six just a little slow run the way back that's better control it good great breathing good Good two more pull one more Up good job. Okay again talking about the strength Obviously with somebody's taking gear Jim but at least three plates on there maybe four or more right doing a plate a quarter is because again That's Natti now is he gonna grow he'll still grow because he's got great genetics But the key is to learn how to be able to put the right macros and you get enough protein So that he can be able to build a really good base so that he can eventually grow Week to week by being able to add more weight slowly Right so you again you'll put another ten or another quarter on and then he'll get stronger as he goes But anybody else who's taking gear who's been taking gear for any poor time knows that This is a super lightweight all right so how much do you rest between sets during a warmup about a minute In between sets when during working sets closer to two even two and a half on those really heavy sets Because we're not trying to go to fatigue We're trying to go to failure so take your time on the heavy working sets between those sets So that you can rest properly. They're good now pull good stretch and pull good stretch more Round the back and stretch good That's it and then bring those elbows back good think of the round it round it like a cobra Is it more more like that and then pull good? It's round it good there you go and then pull excellent now did in pool there you go In pool good again Two more two more you got the foot Good now one more and help you up right there and I'll slow slow slow slow slow Good job Good now what do you do with your wrists there? That's what you do with them peak good Good want to peek him good Good good don't bring him so close to your head bring your hands a little further out You're right there right there good just like that good We're gonna try to keep widening the back thickening it They can even the traps the rhomboids really creating a really good turtle shell So that way when his back is going through quarter turns at some point He's gonna have that three dimensionality that he's missing right now. Let's roll last it on this Make it work exercise number two last set T bar rose Nero grip neutral grip Pull in a stretch good and pull control that's it to good Good Good Good time to get that back to girl. Let's go good Squeeze keep going good you got four more one good go Two Go three one more one more. I'll help you find you too Hold it right there right there right there now hold it and let go I'm gonna let go slow slow slow slow There you go Woo You just sleep for a week Now even the shoulders they just started come out and see it let's see the front door bicep on that Boom that's your favorite one right there it loves that front door bicep Yeah, it's it you know it's funny somebody in the comments is like He's coming to him peaks 20 peaks and I was that's funny because I use it. I love that restaurant Some of these is in twin peaks like a hooters It's something like that yeah, yes your mom and dad let's you go to twin peaks I don't go there off You added yourself I did I out of myself But I just met like the food is good Yeah, the food was good all right so we just got to exercise two so we did two variants of pull-ups for exercise one Exercise two we did a couple of variants of the T bar row We went wide we went a little bit narrower and then we went with a neutral grip almost like a V bar On the Pinota T bar now what we're doing is we're gonna go ahead and we're gonna use one of the other Pinota pieces of equipment something that he's never used before which is the row So it's going we have a couple different row machines one of my favorites is is otherwise known as the super row This is the circular Converging row so you'll feel a really good contraction bring your hands together Good and drive good Good keep your chest up so you stretch a little bit more without having to put your head Your the weights back and losing tension keep attention on there good just like that excellent good good go Good Pull good Another half wrap That's it again guys One plate Okay, this is not a super heavy machine he's two hundred and five pounds at almost five foot 11 right? So are you almost five eleven? Yeah, let's say you sure I don't know maybe five nine and I'm just five two now Because I'm shrinking so again If you're here you're gonna do more weight than one plate so Just it is what it is Ouch you got to get your shoulders back just back there you go Excellent you gotta work on that yep Okay Even like in the front hose like my natural hose I gotta get my shoulders back Yes all the time we got you sure but because in your generation especially because you guys are like this Right it's phone it's you know getting on your computer and anything like that So you got to try to get that chest up and work on on your posture and that's why it's important Also work your rear del so that that'll also pull you back good and guys We're using that if you have a long arms this comes in really handy So that you can keep tension and get a deeper stretch Good go Good Feel a difference now yeah good Good Keep going good Good Good Squeeze squeeze Good There you go now give me three partials go one To come on come on a little for the back that's it. Oh there you go one plate All right now move over I want to give you guys a little a little sneak peek on With somebody not everybody knows let's put on at pieces of equipment I'm gonna give you a little reference point Yeah, now I didn't do the extra third two exercise before this but this even for me is light Right so it shows you how much room he has to grow Before he's gonna actually really start getting strong It gives me a reason to do a couple sets too Now we're gonna do is we're gonna do the same exercise But we're gonna do it with palms facing down. We're gonna shoot a little bit different angle Right and we're gonna do on that one is we're gonna do a suit to fill you're gonna really work hard and get a really good set out of the okay Yeah, I'm assuming that'll help bring in the rear-doubt's right absolutely they both do so your rear-doubt So we're gonna just and that's one of the reasons why we're gonna actually add rear-delt today So that we can finish them off because you're already hitting them It's hard time Yeah, self-spot okay That's hilarious all right palms down good stay that way through the entire range of motion. Let's go rock and roll This is almost like a barbell overhand grip Again keep it down Good good stretch Good contraction he's keeping his hips down do not let your butt come off the seat Good Good keep going keep going good Come on partial That's it. Oh done All right Cool All right, so we did a neutral grip then we did an overhand grip Again, how does it machine? It's nice. It was great. It helps a lot with the stability you know sometimes when I'm doing The barbell rows I can feel like it's a lot on the lower back or sometimes if I'm not placed right then I can't mess it up on the One side or just told saying but this helps to get you know that muscle activated While also having with the foundation is so like that. See not the worry about you know not being stable and moving around and stuff like that So yeah, so that's machine So again, only one plate we would overhand then Just now earlier in the in the workout the first set or two we entered doing neutral grip changing up the grip is Another huge advantage of this machine instead of the fixed grips Also, I want to be able to make sure that he does do lower back. He did mentioned something about you know Helps you with stability we have the pad but we are gonna now do some deadlift So again, we're not trying to break records here, but we do need to build that core and That core strength as well lower back strength all of the ancillary muscles all kick in when you're doing a dead off the ground So let's see how you do he's got these built for he's got the longer arms Ronnie was amazing at doing that C-Bum also doing those dead's because when you have longer arms You just have a mechanical advantage so Let's go ahead and let's see how you do Let's do this. Let's see how you do show me how you do a deadlift Back up right there good Okay There you go good Good There you go Good doing a good job. He's keeping the bar really close to his quads and shins. There's exactly what you want He's pulling up Driving good Good Good Good Good we're trying to fatigue the lower back. He's gonna feel obviously some lower body recruitment Especially because he's still sore from a couple of days ago Drive good two more One more Good job All right, okay guys so again only 135 pounds just a little under that actually because we're using kilos So it comes out to a couple pounds less than that Really good form he's been doing these when he was playing football so again So you form his down who taught you how to do these was this your dad or was this your football coach coach coach? Football coach yeah Coach yeah high school coach. Why are we nice? Yeah, he taught us the lie. That was his name coach. Why are we? Shout out to coach. Why are we great job on that? Yeah, you know also he made us to do Power cleans so I learned that in order to not almost down in a power clean Keep the bars close to his possible. So when you're exploding his stuff is not all the way out here. That's right So that's why I keep it close. Yeah, no learn a few lessons good. So yeah, it's good good job good job good job Good That's one two Good keeping his arm straight which is perfect Good We're gonna do set of 10 six good He goes let shoulders down Good Good One more Good End down good let's throw another quarter Good There we go Bar tension and Stand it up you're on straight Stand it up there you go Good Good Good good good come on Go Two more you got two more Go up one more good Drive it good job There you go lightweight baby for real lightweight I feel there I don't usually do jealous just this is yeah a good like restart for a good Good so we're just gonna do one more set so catch your breath for a second all right guys so this is gonna be working set number two Again, I think you would you get about eight? Yes, I'm like that yeah so again About 225 pounds nothing crazy heavy but he's barely doing eight reps so we're not gonna beat him up and try to do a bunch more weight and maybe do three or four reps We want to really be able to fatigue his entire back Especially his lower back that he's not used to training So we're not gonna try to do anything to hurt him we just want to stimulate it so that he can be able to create a better fuller back and be able to also kick in traps rhomboids Overall back thickness Let's go good keep those arms straight two good Three good Arms straight let the lower traps and rhomboids take over don't try to shrug it just keep it straight there you go good Good good you got two One more come on you got this up one more Last one last one come on you got this pull good job that's it How's that feel good Farms and a good good. That's how you get your forearms big guys There's another reason why we're not using straps here because if you use straps You're gonna weaken up your forearm grip only use them for the heaviest weights He's still developing everything when he goes heavier obviously we're gonna use straps You know, we're using a belt to help stabilize this core But again, don't do it on the absolute first couple of sets was you're warming up Because you want to be able to warm everything up together all right guys We're gonna do is we're gonna finish off with none other than one arm dumbbell rows We're gonna start off with just like a 53 pounds nothing too crazy see how he does See his form 53 grab one do about eight to ten reps go all the way down and ran that's it further down More more more more more your whole body twist it a little bit that's it now pull that's it Good just like a lawn more right know you probably never use a lawn more before though I'm keeping it in keep it in Keep it in you see how you're going out yeah keep it closer to your torso there you go straight that's it Good stretch down further stretch down further around this out good rounded out rounded out stretch and pull good That's it All right so guys sometimes I usually go to straight arm pull downs But I wanted to see how a form is actually that's why we threw this in as well Even though we already did a really good rowing exercise A couple I wanted to just see how it's formed is so I can give him some homework One of the things that he was doing was he's bringing is arm way out here So we want to try to keep that arm tucked but we want to be able to contract the back and a really good stretch So we can get that out of scapula really stretch and then bring that arm all the way down and then bring it all the way back So again we're gonna work on that technique a bit and make go go to the other side Yeah like that there you go good right there Pull good You're not used to doing these are you? No yeah come on Good pull That's it all right so he is absolutely not used to doing these so 50 pounds guys 50 pounds and I think he did what five or six reps so again if you No, whether or not the guys clean or not this is another exercise He's not even used to doing these so what we got to do is work on the form. We're gonna light it up Just get that form right to do another set Pollish it off and then that way we're gonna put this exercise a little bit Closer to the beginning of the next back workout so you can handle some weight because he's a bit to deep the cheese right now But we got to learn to protect unique Proper technique and form is everything there you go Good good good stretch more stretch more stretch more stretch more stretch Good good even more so and then pull up higher higher higher that's it and then archer back as you come up That's better like that there you go now you're looking like a athlete Good again Again all the way up all the way up all the way up all the way up all that that's it Sorry guys my lower back is like done. Yeah. He's the lower back is fried because again These are all new I think What if the exercise you normally do on back Maybe some low I did a little lap pull downs Okay a lot of pull ups like weighted pull ups and stuff like that and then maybe some cable rows maybe or not I just started doing that again. We didn't have cable rows. Oh, okay So and then not Not really not doing Again You just want to get some growth just from doing these exercises what I'm dumbbell rows is not staple right Do you ever do these? I mean yeah one point at a time yeah, but wasn't something you were doing on a regular basis yeah Now it wasn't comfortable because My form like I you have to like stabilize it like that because I was like your probabilities to be better if I Because I'll show them work my lats and like give my back up if I just did pull ups and then my pull down Gotcha, yeah You got a road to grow your Midsection right there good stretch and pull and twist an archer back good Like that that's better Come on good Again full good Stretch and pull good good Stretch and pull pull hold it hold it there hold it right there hold it right there hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it Good slowly good job good Good job 44 pounds We are throwing in some extra rear delt bent over ladder raises So we're gonna go ahead and use something really light starting off with like 13 pounds grab those We did this with shoulders the other day, but I want to throw in it in again because again We're trying to build more three-dimensionality on those deltoids bend over Okay, and you're Yeah, what's her in your battle of my lower back is like done on fri is right? Yes, okay put that back and we're gonna do reverse flight So if you have an issue your back is tired and you can't bend over to do ladder raises Then let's go ahead and use a reverse fly machine because then you'll have the bench up against your chest Let's go good and your hands go like this You can go like that and then over and under that's it go oh Yeah See this is skirt I was falling you didn't want to grab who grabs some tens for him 252 have you got a fade on me Yeah I appreciate that Let's see boom Good Hands can be out in front a little more like that like that perfect good good look at the weight that's nothing let's go Good come on come on come on drive drive drive drive Come on come on let's go oh he's dead. He's dead. All right All right, so he had a lot of rear-belt recruitment when you do back guys That's why a lot of body builders have worked rear-delts with back Also, I like to be able to make sure you focus on that with shoulders try to keep the back in the shoulders Not back to back in terms of workouts try to give at least one to two days between the workout Obviously you can see the split on the app on my FSC 7 app and Again man, I mean you went to failure. How do you feel? I'm pretty good. I feel pretty good. Yeah haven't done delucinal Wow Because the you know hurt you hear love at the risk of a war race show everything like that and so that was definitely a lower back killer You know I've done it all the while so yeah, and that white me out and I got like that. That was a big sum of white me out But I'm just glad that you know The forms getting better you know forms good so that over time you know you start to grow It's in the right areas you know Yeah, absolutely so again guys There is a thing to going super heavy with deadless can your Waste grow absolutely we're not going heavy here. We're doing barely 220 pounds and What you want to do is you want especially the beginning you still got to be able to do the basics Those basic lifts that he learned while he was in high school playing football are the same Exercises you got to use to be able to build a really good base in any kind of bodybuilding I don't care if you're doing men's physique or anything when you're starting off and you're young like he is We just turned 19 years old you got to be able to go back to those basics Now then you can kind of tone things down as you get stronger But he's still working on building up his strength that's hence the exercises and the ways that he's using So don't want to rely too much on just machines especially when you're starting out You want to good mix between free weight as well as machines But make sure that you blend the two and make sure that you really focus on form the biomechanics and the form are everything Again another good workout Work out three in the books that was back if you missed any of our other workouts shoulders Backering the other workouts then check them out on the page remember like subscribe Comment and turn on your notifications because you're not gonna want to miss a series bodybuilding 101 We got Julian in the house and we're gonna have a lot to fun before he goes away to college. So now check it out

=== FILE: 19 Year Old Natural Bodybuilder Gets destroyed on Leg Day [S65T2RgI5yc].txt ===

All right guys, I am here with none other than Mr. Natarral. What's all you? Julian Fitzgerald. Are you the second? The third? Are you just doing that? Not necessarily the second. There might be a second. There might be a second. Oh yeah. Yeah. Definitely tell you right now. It would be a second. If he's already talking about that at 19 years old, he's been thinking about it for a minute. Yeah. Yeah, that might be one. That's right. So today we are going to do Lays once again, because we need to build those Lays up. So one thing that we really want to focus on this time though, is a little more hamstring dominant. And we're not just doing pure hamstring, but we're going to do quad hamstring with a little more hamstring dominant. And as we talked about in this whole video series of making him his best version of himself, we want to be able to focus on you guys being able to be a part of this journey. So again, did you end up laying yourself? Not then. Okay, because you know, he's been busy working. Yeah. Working at Amazon during primed day crazy crazy times. And the thing about it is that he was worried about losing weight, because he said he's going to lose five or ten pounds. But I know that you didn't lose weight. You gained a little bit because I gave you some super huge. So super huge was our gainer. I ended up giving him that. Told him to mix a little bit with the ice aject. Now what is that good for? That is really good for those that are going to lose weight. Because of the fact that he's working in a crazy hot warehouse. He's not going to be able to get meals in. If he does doing a shake is going to be much easier. But instead of doing the whole 1200 calories, which is too much at once, how much does he run half? Yeah, I did two and half. Yeah, so five scoops is a full dose. Always recommended to cut it into either quarter or half dose. And that's 25 grams of protein. So we threw a scoop of protein on there to get him to 50. But only 600 calories from the super huge. So again, we're just used that. How did that work out for you? Yeah, I think last time I was wearing like, so a panaceous of I was like, 210. So I know that I didn't lose too much. That definitely helped out. That's like, we take IVs in the panaceous of that's my emergency IV. Because it gives me everything I need for the rest of the world. Yeah. So that definitely came in close. Especially when the calories are so good. Yeah, because you told me you were going to drop like five or ten pounds. Yeah. And we ended up not only holding weight, but it went up a little bit, which was really good, especially because now you're going to be done with work. And then you can focus on being able to build a bit. But the goal is to build without losing his abs. So we want to keep it outline of his abs and just work on the body parts. Because if you get heavy too heavy too quickly, you put on that body fat. You're more likely to put on body fat. So what we're doing right now in his program is just putting in a clean bulk. And that means that we're not going to lose the abs. We're going to still continue to keep the outline of the abs. But we're going to try to build up as much strength as can because we want to be able to thicken up the legs and be able to utilize just more volume but with heavier weight. So as you've seen in the previous videos, I felt like you can definitely be stronger on some of the lifts. But today we're going to focus on quads and hamstrings, hamstring, dominant, and we're going to use a little bit of caffeinated pre-workout today. So a great drink. Mm-hmm. You're a great drink. Yep. Are you trying to play with it? No, I was. Okay, cool. So you haven't tried to play with it yet. I think the last one that blew up in your face was Patriot Pop. Yes. That was good. That was funny. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Everywhere. I just held it. It just exploded. That's why we called Patriot Pop. So all right. Let's go ahead. We're going to do this workout and do not forget to make sure you like. You subscribe and get into the comments and let us know what you think in regards to the series. Because I want to hear what you guys want to add to this. Because I feel like there's a lot more that we can but we want to hear from you directly in the comments section. Let's do this. All right guys. So we're doing Apple HQ boom and then with the extreme. Great. So again scoop 200 milligrams of caffeine. If you guys have high tolerance scooping half the two scoops two scoops max and then. I think you just do this to mess around. I think Skirto did this to mess around. Oh, make him a thing. Yeah, making it drip. He does this stuff all the time. Yeah. The full guy? Yeah. I think he literally poured some just now. That's crazy. The sticky. I'm not talking about weed. I'm talking about HQ. So again, what makes a Q different S7 vitamin C that's sodium based. It's going to help with nitric oxide S7. Help read nitric nitric oxide. The B-tain in there. So it's not just a plain glycerol. When I designed the six years ago and came out with it, it wasn't designed to just be glycerol. It was designed to be a complete glycerol hydration solution. So that means that you have glycerol, but you also have the components on the S7 as well as you also have the sodium based vitamin C. And then on top of that you have the B-tain also. So it's going to help with not only the vitanotherwise known as tri-metallic glycine. We'll also help with inflammation, but it also helps with power. power. So again, mixing all those together creates a synergistic effect, nitric oxide, nitric oxide plus hyperhydration of the lissoral creates pumps that last way longer than just powder alone. They work well together. It's super good. It's solid, right? Yeah, they call them mini-channel. I go like, yeah, was that great, pineapple? Yep. It's dope. Alright, so let's get with it. Now we're going to have to check the legs. The before, the pump. Let's get in there. And this is how the before the pump is going to look. Right there. Right there. Stand right there. Right there in that light. Pull them up, homie. Alright, so we got before. Okay, squeeze those legs. Yep. Yep. We got, I don't know, I think I got you. I don't know, man. I don't even have any trained legs, but forever. But I don't know. Turn it inside. You don't want this old man to beat you. Yeah. Come on, put it up your foot and go to the side like you're doing a side chest. There you go. There you go. Okay, so what are we trying to do? We're trying to fill in the quad. We want that to really, really just go much, much fuller on the outer sweep. We want that hamstring to drop. We want to fill in the calves. That's the thing. Again, everyone's like, oh, he's very similar to fill. We'll fill had really good calves. So one of the things that you're going to have to do is really break through. Genetically, blessed up here, not so much down here. So again, now it's time to try to balance that out. Not easy. So we're going to have to really hammer that lower body. So quad hamstrings as well as calves. That's what we're going to train today. And, I don't know, man. I don't know. You don't want any of this. This is like, I definitely beat you with this. This department. I'll beat you in that. Yeah. Boom. Okay. I got you. You got some old men. I'm bad muscle in there. All right. So we're going to go ahead and we're going to start off with some hamstring curls. We want to really become more hamstring focused today. So let's get that going. I'm about lying hamstring curmishing. So, banana hamstring curlmishing. My favorite hamstring curlmishing because the biomechanics are so good. The knees are lined up right with that center joint. This is good. I'm good. So you want to go right before it touches. Back up. Don't touch. Just go back all the way right there and back up. Excellent. Good. Good. Remember right before it touches and back up. Good. Go all the way. There you go. Just two more. Good. One more. Good job. We'll rest up. We'll do about a minute rest. Then we'll go ahead and add some more weight and start getting into working. You know it's crazy. I don't remember exactly the way I did last time. But I'm pretty sure what you're doing more than I did last time. I think it's pretty close. I think that's where you maxed out that last time. Yeah. That's good. That's what I told you. You're excited. He's excited. He's going to do more than 77 pounds on the hamstring. Yes. We're moving up. It will be hard to do as kind of as you can see without you being there. So I'm like being there to push me. So I guess like building that mental fortitude now is going to help a little bit. But at the same time, you need some more of a rough. And you make me do 10 more. So it's like, yeah. So I don't know. It's all right. There's going to be built in. So what I've been doing is doing all these body parts with them. So I can build them because custom program. Now what is that going to consist of? Well, FST 7 sets. What are FST 7 sets? Their ways of increasing intensity without a workout partner or a trainer there to push you. So if you have to do 30 seconds of rest, it's going to increase intensity in between sets. So you're going to be able to really hammer in those extra sets and the extra reps. And then we're going to throw in partials and four strips whenever he has a spot with them. So again, those are ways of being able to increase intensity. That's why I created it because all my clients were remote. So when I was there, I could push them hard. But then when I created FST 7 was so that I can be able to create structure for them to create intensity without me being there. So that's exactly why I created it. And you're going to be able to use it after we put the whole program together at the end of next week. So that when you go away to school, you know exactly which are supposed to do with reps sets and everything else. All right. Let's throw. All right. Cool. You go up a little bit for the work. Yep. Yep. I'm at 77 right now, what you should think like 88 or 90. Got some food in me. Got a little turkey burger. It's going a little heavier. Just go one or two more. I got a little turkey burger. We got the energy going. Jesus, black pepper. Yeah. That is turkey burger from Ellie Burger. Yeah. It's a bag. Turkey. Because it's lean and mean, bro. Now that it's from back. I got it. I got it. I got it. Get ready for my transformation challenge. Yeah. I'd certainly burger soon. Yeah. I've never had Ellie Burger. I got to go back to real burger. Yeah. I got to get that real stuff, man. That real burger hit different. All right. Did you guys see that thing where the guy took three different burgers and then he stored him for a month to see Hump which one rotted? That's the same after seven months. It was one month. Look exactly the same as seven months. The second was Burger King. At least it molded a bit. He got moldy. Then the third one was five guys. And it was the worst because it just absolutely eroded. Which means that it was something that had the realest food and the realest ingredients because it was completely rotten. And that's what you want out of your real food. So again, if food looks the same after a month, six months, years, no bueno. That's like a McDonald's. Yes. Go. Go. Yes. Yes. Literally does. Go. Go. Come on. Now with me. Two. Two. Go. One more. Come on. Come on, Julian. Let's go. Let's go. All the way up. All the way up. All right. Good job. Awesome. Awesome. So he peaked out at 77 pounds. The last leg workout. Today, nine pounds. Solid solid. And again, every machine is different. So if you use 150 pounds, don't think it's the same unless you have the exact same piece of final equipment, then you can be able to compare and contrast what you're doing versus Maddie Guy. Yeah. Give me ten. One. Two. Good. Three. Excellent. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. You got it. Go. Come on. Come on. Come on. This is that mental toughening. Come on. One more. Go. Go. Go. Right there. That's it. All right. Well, that's going to be a pain in the leg stretch out. That's how we harder stretch than the quads. Because you don't have to do for the like stretching. For it. You go like this. Is that when we bend it? No. That's squat. So what you're going to have to do is you're going to have to pull forward. So you could literally like here. I'll give you a quick quick peek. Sit down here. Put your leg up. Up on there. Where your head was. Left leg up there. No, that's so that is quiet. Okay. Okay. Now. Off. Put your foot. Lay this way and put your hip this way. Like that. There you go. I mean, lean forward. Yep. Describe your ankle. Angle. Not toe. Not the inside. Outside. There you go. Okay. There you go. All right. That makes sense. Yeah. So again, what you normally do in a lot of people ask. Back in the day, stretching, stretching, stretching. When is the most important time of stretch? Actually after you train. So a lot of different clinical studies have been shown to this train. If you do too much stretching, I can actually your hinder performance before you train. So after training, optimal time to stretch. Foam rolling. It's going to help with recovery. Stretching. Estested stretching. All of those things. So we'll get more into that as well. Okay. Let's go. One more set. Two. Good. Oh. Okay. Two heavy. Okay. Light it up by two. Go. Come on. Stop it and let's go. Go. Go. Good. Go. Good. Go. Come on. Stay lighting it up again. Light it up by another two. Okay. Go. Good. Go. We're up those hamstrings. Go. Up. Good. Good. Last set. All right, guys. So when you can't hit that 10 to 12 rep range, or even if it's just as low as 8, then you want to be able to cut the weight down, do a drop. Do a couple reps. Drop again. Then get yourself into that range. So don't just stop. Give up and end the set. Make sure you create more intensity by lowering it and making it into a drop set. These are ways that you do not have to have someone like myself or a workout partner be able to have to help you all the time. You can create that intensity on your own, but whatever you do, you do not want to sacrifice too much form because you don't want to end up pulling your lower back on that movement. So make sure that you are not going too fast or not use momentum. But he's learning as he goes. How many workouts have you done for that hamstring? Since the last time I trained you. I want to other ones. One, three. Yes. So three total. Okay. So one with me, one without me, and this is our third. Okay. How did the second one go? Without me. It went pretty good for what I could. So I know I was listening a little bit to intensity, but I was able to work it. So I, you know, I feel like I've got you as ready to all of the time. Good. Good. So again, these are going to be ways that when he's back in school if he even doesn't have a workout partner with them, that he's going to learn these concepts so that he can increase intensity even by training along. Now, on hook. Now you hold that. No, no, that both. Keep it there. Okay. That's, that's going to stay unhooked. Okay. Okay. Now you're going to go ahead and you're going to come down. And then back up. Booyah. Okay. Good. All right. So now we're doing the Pinata Bell Squad. Many gyms around the world have a Bell Squad machine now it is. So keep, you want to keep that there. Good. There you go. Good. Excellent. You're going to keep his chest up. You're going to go down all the way back up. Really good range of motion. Now what we're doing is we're trying to give him full range of motion. So he really be able to accentuate. Glutham not hitting just parallel, but actually going full range of motion. But the knees are not traveling too far in front of the toes. They're just right above the toes. Getting deep. And back up. Excellent. Good. Warm him up. Feeling pop pop in that leg. Good. Good. Good. Good. One more. Excellent. Now we're going to lock it in. Just forward. Come down. And relax. There you go. We're addressing positions. I feel like you've been resting. It's like a little bit of tension in there. Okay. There you go. Let's go. Time to get those legs to grow. Good. Good. Good. And these are tracking perfect. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Good. 10. Good. Two more. 11. One more. Good. Lock it in. All right. That was the second warm up. One plate. First warm up. Two plates. Second warm up. Now it's time to throw another plate. So we're going to actually start doing some working sets. Like when everything starts to grow. I think that if I had to decide right now, I think you have a more open style physique because you don't have that crazy wasp waste. But you just never know it because you've got a lot of development to do. So there's a lot of development going on here. But if I had to guess right now, I would say you definitely have more of an open style physique. But that can absolutely change. Yeah. I'm not against open. I'm not against other ones. So that's the open. This guy's crazy. Yeah. But this again. You've got to still got to do your first show. Yeah. So let's do it. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So easy. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Chest up. Good form. Good. Right to the bottom. Without touching. Right there. Back up. There you go. Keep constant tension. Good. Let's go. Good. Good. Sounded to do a lot of that lower body. Good. Keep going. Good. There you go. Come on. You got three. Go. Show me. Go. You got this. You got this. No help. Everybody's watching. Everybody's watching. All the way. Up. You got one more. You got one more. You can do this. Good. Big legs. Big legs on stage. One last one. Show everyone. Everyone's watching. Drive it. Good job. Good job. And up. Easy. Last one. You got it. Good. Good. Good. Now how you feel like you're getting to that thing? Yeah. One more. That's it. Because I didn't have the lower. I didn't have the goal of. Mr. Lempia. Like, not too long ago. And when doing my research, I told me. Seeing Ronnie feel. Flex. I was like, that's inspiring. And then I'm doing the cut. So like, when I run like, well, I'll see push passes like to see them. And it's hard to be like them because it's like, It doesn't matter how much money you're going through. Like, they don't do. They gave it their all. You know what I mean? So it's inspiring to see them. Like, that definitely helped me a lot. Just be able to see it. And it like, probably would go to a competition. And I would be great. So I was like, it's a scene in person. You see them up there. Like, glowing in some of those spotlights. So it would be awesome. Yeah. He's got to go to this first show. So there's the Texas pro coming up. We're going to make sure you try to make it out there. So he can see his first show and walk him through with a whole bodybuilding show is. He's talking about trying to be Mr. Olympia. But he never even do a show before. So again, guys, this is from the beginning. Round before the big show. So it's like just showcasing it. No, it's at the end. After all the preliminary. So in the morning, the pre-judge is where all the comparisons are. And then the finals for the amateur is more of just displaying your physique. But it's not usually judged for the finals for the amateur for the men's professional. You have 50% judge in the morning and 50% judge at night. So they judge before they just said you pre-judging before and in same day than that's when the actual show is. Yes, unless you can let the Olympia it's two different days Friday and Saturday. So you have to come back and peek again. So when you go out and do that forward, the men's are open for a classic it's morning than evening. So what's the pre-judge before? Just that you know what's the pre-judge? To compare. And that's where a lot of they can guess who's going to win. They're not going to guess. They're judging you on what your strengths and weaknesses are compared to the person next to you. That's what pre-judging is. Wow. This is something that's like back to the basics. Two good. Three. Five. Good. Keep going. Next. Good. All the way. Up. Seven. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Up. Good. Up. Good. Keep going. Good. All come on. That. That's what you're done. You're done. So guys, this is a bit of that newbie stuff going on. Where normally you'd be able to get one more and he just drops. This is something that's going to be something very mental. I definitely feel that he could have done one more but he's scared. And that is for a part of being able to break those plateaues. You know, it's saying I could do one more. And the reason why I'm saying that is because he did the last one much easier than someone that would normally end up going to failure on that last one that he just ended up not doing. So again, I think that part of that is a little bit of a mental block but he's going to get through that. Let's do it every workout of all the time. Okay, but workout in terms of what? Just in general, like if you're a second to do a go with home piece of equipment, what was you want to have? I love that fly machine. I'm not saying one favorite. The one, do you have a standing one? Yeah. I'm hooked on that recently in the last couple because I can do ladder raises with it. I can do, you know, reduce with it. I can do cable fly almost style with it. I love that flight machine. Yeah, it is nice. It's really nice actually. I've never seen a gym how that before. Yeah, there's there's large jumps that have it but not every single gym has it. Yeah. But if I had to pick one total piece of equipment, he would probably be a cable cross over machine because you can do so much with them. Yeah, you know, because there's like six different, you know, exercises you can do with that. I'll get a Vince Fess because I can do anything with that because I can the bar, I do some curls. You hear it? Oh, of course. Curls. Yeah, it's not favorite. It's like I can tell. Let's go. Come on. And don't forget to re-rack your weight. Yep. Let's go. Control it. Good. You got to chest up. Drive with the glutes hamstring. That's it. Good. Again. Excellent. Chest up. Good job. Good. Come on, Julian. Come on, Julian. Up, up, up. Good. Come on. You got two with me. Up. One more. Drive. Drive. One more. Come on. Come on. Come on. One more. One more. Up. Good job. Good job. I'm a ghost. Come on. I can already feel it here, man. What do you call it? Like the gasses? Like the acid build up. Turn it up. See what the pump looks like. Back it up. Back it up. Over there. Right in front of that evening logo. So that's where the light is right there. Right there. Turn around. You got that light. There you go. Boom. Both legs. Both legs. Both legs. Both sides. Come on. Bend those knees. No more popsicle sticks. Yes. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Push the legs. How you doing? Turn your knees out. Just a little bit. Like that. And then push. Do you feel the hardness in the out? Yeah. We out. Hold that. Hold that. Hold it. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Harder. Five seconds. Four. Squeeze. Three. Two. Five. All right. All right. Exercise two down. We need a couple of warm up sets. A couple of working sets. Again. He's feeling through that pain. Do you feel like you're doing better the tolerance? Yeah. Because I'm starting to... I can't even start to see things. Like I'm starting to see... Like... Like the dream. You know what I mean? Just like building up to it. And like seeing like flexing everything. Like I keep wishing them. I like... I'm more of a visual person. Like every single of the kid I like to draw. And stuff like that. So I always see things. And so that's where we were helping me. Like whenever I feel like I can't do anymore. I just see those clips of like Ronnie and Flex and Thames. Like yeah, we gotta get up there man. That's right. That's right. So again, when those people ask out there, oh, is he taking drugs? Is he doing this? It's got to be. Look. He's never in a bloody building show. He is just starting to understand bodybuilding. He just started looking up videos of... I'm sure you've seen pictures of Ronnie in the past. Yeah. But you didn't see Flex or Phil. Right? That was very little. Ronnie did this thing where he... That was the most... Like the coolest thing he did. He had his legs like this. And then he started off like this. This is something like that. He saw those arms. I was like, yeah. But... It looked at a real. So again, Ronnie... And then now just starting to get a bit of taste. You know, people say, oh, very similar to Phil or a Flex physique. And I say Flex because I also know Flex was very bubbly as well. And both of them weren't known for being super wide, but just super bubbly. And especially Phil with a 3D look, right? And he just started to... After meeting me knowing who Phil is and being able to go do it, wasn't the other way around, which is super weird. But it's okay because again, I think... Who did you look up to when you were starting to train? What were the things? The first person that got me answered was Arnold. Arnold was a class kid. I kind of was like, cool. I saw a clubbing iron. And I was like, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Got you. Got you. Well, Arnold Arnold. You know? And he can't meet that. But it's one of those things when people always ask, oh, you sure he's natural? And I'm like, look, I'm not with you 24, 7. There's always people willing to lie. She still do all kinds of things. But I'm just going to tell you, I do know really good genetics. I've trained some genetically elite athletes in my time. And go look at Ronnie's arms and go look at Phil's arms before they even became body rotors. And you'll see what I'm talking about. We're going to do some straight lady delifts. You can do these with dumbbells. You can do them with barbell. I want to make sure we use this exercise time to be able to understand how to get the bright biomechanics down. So that he can take this back school. And when he goes back to school, he can be able to do these as he's there for most of the time throughout the year. It's fine. When I put my thumbs down, I can find the best ability. So is this a good width? Yeah. I mean, you, it's probably a little wide. I would go a little narrower, actually. I would go right there. There you go. Okay. And then bring your, yep, lift up. Good, back up. Good. Bring your feet closer together. That's it, right there. Keep your legs straight without locking your knees, but keep my straight as possible. Keep that bar right there. Good. Now your knees are a little too bent. Come down. Good. Keep it there. Back up. There we go. Good. Good. And drier. Good. That's good. Good. Good. Well, muscle so I'm using that. I think this is my back. Good. Well, muscle so I'm using that. I think this is my back. Keep going. Keep going. I'll tell you after. Go back straight. Good. Good. Good. You're going to feel it in your lower back. Yeah. You want to be able to. Yep. It's fine. You're going to feel in your lower back. But you're going to also feel it in your hamstrings. Good. You're going to feel stretching your hamstrings right there. Keep that legs straight. And drive up. You feel that stretching the hamstring? Yeah. Good. You got legs straight. Stretching the hamstring. And drive. Good. Good. Come on. Come on. Good. Come on. Come on. You got this. Keep a lot of extra. And drive. Good. Go ahead and rack it. Good. Have you ever done anything before? No. No. Okay. So again, guys. Never done straightly deadless before. There's a bunch of exercises in this last couple of weeks that he's never done before. I think he didn't very few if any lay curls. Again, you can see it. What does he normally do? He's like, oh, curls. So he's arms is so good. Right? And he's already been genetically blessed with arms. But now, again, we got to build that lower body. What's up? The forearm. It's like, sleek and nice. It's sleek. It's sleek. Yeah. Like, this is like, I'm not doing this. Oh, your fingers? Yeah. Does that? Oh. It's not like I'm vinded. He's not used to holding the barbell. So what's happening is your forearm is cramping up. Okay. Yeah. It's not like pain. Does it not get signs? I promise you. Does it not get signs? Yeah. Yeah. That's like, how do I know? It's not a grip sign. But how do I have my fixes? Easily. Yeah. We're going to get you some hydration. You haven't drinkin' off water. This is still weird. I don't have this before. Why do I do this? It kind of hurts, but I don't like this. That's weird. Screw it off. Think you're in five, right? I like flexors. That's your. Are you serious? Yeah. Right here. Oh, fuck. Yeah. There you go. Hi this. Open up your forearm right there. Is that feeling, you feel it in here? Ah. Yeah. Oh, I mean, I got it a little bit. All right. We'll get some good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate it. I think that's the first muscle cramp. Now again, guys, we're not going to go heavy because he's just learning his form. There's no point. He's going to have his lower back in hot and fried. He's trying to get, you know, all of those other muscles are going to kick in. So I mean, look, he could barely even hold the bar. So. Okay. There you go. There you go. Just that mid-shin. Give your backs arched. There you go. Keep the bar close to your chin. Good. Bar closer. Chin, drive. Good. Good. Good. With those hamstrings. Good. Good. Just give me four more. Good. Good. Good. Just give me four more. Go. One. Good. You're the legs straight. You're back arched. Two. Three. You got one more. Good job. Good job. Good job. All right. Yeah, definitely helps. It's good. It's time to grow those legs. You can't have arms like that. And I have big legs. Just add that to the protein shake. Good to go. I'm going to punch those little cases and stuff in my mini-fresh. You just get regular milk. Like not the low fat ones. Yeah, just regular milk. You can use low fat for a little bit less calories. Again, you don't want to go crazy. But you also got to make sure that you can digest it. You're okay. You don't have any of that black to some tolerance, right? I like that. You are? Yeah, I just fist best of it. No, but I would do it. Your life is a tolerance. You don't want to do it. Because you get bloated. You don't feel it digest. Don't force it. You don't have any problems with the isolate, all right? Yeah, it's because it's got it's so clean. And it has a kniter in there. And the kniter really helps with making sure you maximize the absorption. So that's what that enzyme does. So a lot of people can't absorb way normally can with the isolate object because of the kniter that's in it. That on this one, let's go. Good. Go. Good. Leg straight. Leg straight. You can be shoulders back. Stretch the hamstring and back up. Good. Good. Again. Good. Again. Good. Again. Three, three, three. One. Two. Keep going. You got this as your last set. Work hard. Good. One more. Good job. That's it. That's it. Awesome. Awesome. All right, guys. So the reason why we're not going heavier like I mentioned earlier is his lower back is going to get fried. He's not used to the movement. This is the first time ever doing this. Again. First time ever doing a straight leg deadlift. Right. Yeah. So what you don't want to do is go too heavy and then you're going to end up frying your lower back. Then you'll never get to that hamstring pump that you're looking for. So these are all exercises that you have to get through the first couple of times for your body. Get that mind muscle connection. Now we're going to go on to a seated lake roll. Good. Control control the way up. Good. Control control the negative. You're starting to control your negatives and that's why you're growing. When we're doing those shoulder press, we start controlling that negative. Now three or four workouts later. Shoulders are trying to grow, right? Okay. Good. Now we got to get those legs to grow. Good. Good. How many more you got? You call the number. How many you got? Three. Okay. Four. How many now? Two. Two more. Three. How many more? Five. Come on. Keep going. How many got left? Come on. Keep going. Go, go, go, go, go. That's it. All right. Yeah. Press that out. Pull that out. Push down and pull it out. That's going to show you how to do now. Oh, there you go. There you go. The torture chamber. Yeah. Three. Okay. How many more do you have left? Come on. Eight. Come on. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One more. One more. Come on. Pull. You got this. Come on. Come on. There you go. Oh, stop. That's what you're doing. Come on. Boom. Two. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Keep going. Good. Come on. You have left. Five. That's it. Six. That's it. That's it. Seven. Good. There you go. Keep going. Good. Come on. You have left. Five. That's it. That's it. There you go. Come on. Come on. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Keep going. Go. Good. Good. Go. Come on. You got two. Come on. Oh. Oh. I can't get out. There you go. Okay. You're done. Good. Good. Good. Make sure that has good. Yeah. That's good. We're going to do a little bit of calves to finish this up. Again, he got to do his first time doing a straight leg deadlift today. We focused on hamstring curls first. Then we went into a belt squat. Then we straight leg deadlift. Then we went here. And now we're going to go ahead and do some calves. Let's go. Okay. There you go. So the key to calves is full range of motion. As you notice, not genetically gifted. Gifted? Not so gifted. So what we're going to do is he's going to have to work even harder on his lower body, especially his calves. Go. Good. All the way up on your toes. Full range of motion. Good. The most important part of this exercise is the stretch portion at the very bottom. Good. You want to go up as high as you can on your toes. Good. Down. And you don't want to let go. You want to go slow on the way down. There you go. You want some tension on there. So go all the way up. Up. Good. All the way up. Good. So you can notice that he's not very strong. So once again, probably because he's not used to doing these. Are you used to doing these? No. Julie and are you used to doing these? No. Good. But I guarantee you you know he's worth a curl bar. Yeah. So for the last four or five years he's been training. He's been stuck on the curl machine and the curl bar and dumbbell curls and easy bar curls. And curls for the girls. Yeah. Good. That's the football model man. Yeah. And like her. Cross the girls man. Yeah. Like her up it was biased for the beach. Oh yeah. And you guys full range of motion. You've got to slow on the way down. That's one thing that he used to do a lot of is go up and then explode and then drop the weight. So there was no tension on the negative now. We're going to work on that negative tension even more. Slow on the way down. Good. Two seconds on the way down. Go up. Good. One thousand one. One thousand two. Good. Up. Up. Good. Yes. And then you always refocus your feet. As you slide down which is natural tendency in the exercise you just get to reshuffle your feet to get it right back to that starting position again. Good. Again. You don't want to lock your knees. You want to keep your legs straight but without locking them completely. And go up. Up. Up. Good. Good. So if you notice this reminds me just like when we did the first time we did shoulder press. Why you not train calves? Well I think I do like barbell calf raises. I just don't think that I was either a and I doing a properly or I just think I don't think it was like I was doing it with proper form. So it was kind of just putting a whole bunch of stuff in there. Got you. And again utilizing a barbell and setting up on a box. Nothing wrong with it but it's obviously much easier when you have a really good machine with a right bio and mechanics. So this is the Pinata Viking Press slash cab. You can actually do a shoulder press with it. You can do a single arm shoulder press with it because you can go ISO and lock. Or you can do what he was doing which is actually a cab raise. So standing cab raise. So again make sure you work both angles. You have one that's going to be a standing and then we can also do seated. We're going to do both. We're done with this one. There's nothing left to do because you can barely do it. Now we're going to go ahead and do seated for the solius. You're holding on like you're right a little more cycle. Like a little roller coaster. More cycle. Okay now don't lean back. Keep your back straight. Now let your knees go up and down. Okay. Let your ankles go up and down. There you go like that but don't lean back. Lean into it. Like that. Right there. Boom. Now stretch. Get your ankles down. Good. Oh you got to unlock it. Push. Okay. Like that. Now go. See how that works. Yeah. Have you ever never done seated? Never. There's another new level that's been unlocked. He's never done seated cabbages. This is fine. Actually, you can kind of tell you you have never done seated cabbages. Go. Go. Got to eat like a little. If you have eaten it. Good. Go. There's a very potter item or a lander. That's it. Go Mr. Harry Potter ride. Good job. Good. We've got the next level unlocked. Let's go. Good. Come on. Three more. One. Two. One more. All the way up. One more. Okay. Good. Now lock it. There you go. Okay. So guess how much that weighed? Zero. That's pretty much. There's no weight on the side. That's all just the machine weight, which is probably about 30 to 50 pounds. So now we're going to add some weight to it. We're going to start off with just some quarters. I think too crazy. And then we're going to see how he does. But that was literally with no weight. I think this is my favorite machine. Go on. This is so fun. Good. Up. That's it. Good. Up. Two. Good. Keep your toes straight. Keep your feet straight. Don't let your ankles roll out or in. Just keep them straight and good. And then nice stretch. Good. Stretch. Good. Now drop it up. Good. Okay. Now when you go home and come up next couple of days, you're going to do a video about how you're feeling and tag me on it. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Go. Squeeze. Good. Go. Okay. That ain't how you're making this money. I thought you were in this money. You go. That's what I was about to happen about. Up. Come on. Come on. You go. Yeah. There it is. Okay. Stand up. Go stand over there right there. Now turn around. Go up on your toes. Right there. Go up on your toes. Good. Good. Hold it. Squeeze. Up. Straight up. Hold that. Hold it for five seconds. Good. Go down. Good job. Okay. Keep those toes straight. Reconfigure your feet. Move them in a little bit. There you go. There you go. Keep your ankles from rolling inward. Keep them straight. And then go all the way down and all the way up. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Again. Good. Remember what I said about your back. Keep your back straight. And let your lower body come down. And go back up. Good. Again. Up. Again. Good. Okay. Now go down and go halfway up. Come on. Come on. Three different of those. Go. That's one. Come on. Higher. Higher. Higher. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Okay. Better get it high enough so you can pull that in. Go. There you go. All right. So didn't go crazy. Didn't try to kill him. We didn't do a lot of exercises that we'd normally do if it was a top to your pro or top Amateur. Why? Because there's no point when we're trying to stimulate the muscle. We're trying to go over the proper form. There's a bunch of exercises that was his first time. And there's no point in me beating him. So hard that he's going to end up at risking either getting hurt or that he's going to end up being out for so long that he's not going to be able to get back in the gym. I think last time it was just enough, right? Yeah. Yeah. And you're sore for about four days? Yeah. Four maybe five days. And again, as a recovery gets better, he ends up stretching a little bit more. He's able to do the exercises more than once. Then he's going to be able to create a lot more recovery because his body's going to get a little bit more used to it. Then we can add exercises, variants, and literally all of the above. How was the workout? I was great. I was able to feel the hamstring isolation. So it was really good. That machine over there was the best for hamstrings. I don't think I've been able to focus on like that. So it was really nice. Caves to keep in my calf strapping. That's why even though I was doing them right barbell, I was probably letting my calves go outside so it could bring in other muscles and stuff. But this was a great hamstring workout. So I appreciate it. Yeah, but I absolutely again, always willing to teach the upper body. I teach the upper and coming young bucks. And I really feel that he's got so much room to grow. So again, let me know in the comments below whether or not you want to see what workout you want to see next. And what other parts of this journey you guys would like to see while we're being able to do these filming. So again, love you all. Honey, Julian, peace.

=== FILE: 20 YEAR OLD TRIES HIIT WORKOUT [FusEjyu11Mo].txt ===

I have actually in the house and he's back in Dallas because he wants to grow he needs to be a bigger so that he can get on stage and now he's going to do two big things work out and eat. So those are really good things. And this leap. Trenty, yes. Of course, sleep is always important. But in Dallas, the special thing is the workouts are a little more special here and the eating is a little bit different. But yeah, so it's going to be a really good workout. We're going to go ahead and blast chest chest. So we got chest today. So again, we're going to give you the play by play. But for those of you that want the exact details of the workout, go check it out on my FST 7-Happ I'm going to give you guys all of the actual breakdowns in the behind the scenes that you will not see on YouTube. So for those of you that keep asking, hey, when can you do some more technical types of breakdowns? Well, that's where it's going to be found on my FST 7-Happ. So check it out on the link below. All right, guys, we're going to do something very special for this chest workout. We're going to actually do only one full-out working set per exercise. So we're going to do three or four warmups, especially your first exercise. You're going to have to really work warm-up properly. Then what you're going to do is we're going to go one all out set. Then after that, you change exercises. So are you ready? Sure? No. Let's do this. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Keep going. Breathe, breathe, breathe. One more. Good. Breathe away. One, 76. Go. Four. Go. Five? Good. Open those hands. We come up. There you go. Set. Stop. Stop. That's it. That was a warm-up. So he thought it was going to be working. I would have probably needed seven or eight more reps to get him to failure. I had to make him stop, because I know we can have more weight. Good at one, 98. All right. Let's go. Go. Go. One, two, good. Three, four, five. Stop. Still two like. Go 231. Good. So again, this is how you can tell whether or not you're actually going to be able to go to failure in that eight to 12-per-up range. When you're hitting four or five, and you know that if you had another four or five left in the tank, and then maybe even a couple of four straps, it's still too light. Stop. Reset. Add two more plates. Add one more plate, and then be able to go through. So you can hit that working set, eight to 12 reps. One, two, open the hands. Stop. Again, there you go. Two seconds. One thousand one, one thousand two, good. Good. Good. One thousand one, one thousand two. Good. All the way. We want to peak contraction, hold it. Two seconds, one, two, good. Now one second hold. One, good. Open your hands. Go. Good. Again, come on. That's it. Let's go. You got four more. Go. Finish it. One. Come on. Two, go three. Come on. All the way down. All the way down. Excellent. Hold it. Good. Hold it. Five seconds. Four, three, two, stretch. That partial is go. Five partial is go. Go. Come on. Lower. Good. Stop. Go. Come on. One, two, hands. Hands. Hands. Three, four, two more. One more. Together, hold it. All day. Together. Together. Squeeze. Hold it. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, good job. That's it. Good. You're angry today. I'm very happy today. Oh, that's good. All right guys. So when you're coach like me, you really get dehydrated from yelling at people all day long. So boom. Again, everybody knows I'm super big on hydration. Many times during the Olympia preps or during the Arnold preps, I'm going out and getting IV bags, whether it's here in Texas or whether it's in Las Vegas, while I'm traveling to try to keep my immune system up. Well, one of the things I did was wanted to create a formula that is precisely able to give me the electrolytes that I need. So not only can I retain the minerals that are necessary for me to be able to function properly throughout my day, but also have my athletes minimize the likelihood of them cramping. So doing a nitropic, throwing, tarring to be able to help as well. And now we have a such a well-rounded formula. I usually have at least two doses a day. So again, two servings a day, one scoop twice a day. And some of you out there who have already tried it, have told me the feedback on the flavor system's been phenomenal. So again, thank you. We're going to be kind of with you to more flavors, but again, you know, little parched from yelling at the axle. So when we blend them, yes, very good. What's your favorite flavor? Lime and lime or strawberry lemonade? No, I think it's strawberry lemonade. Yep, I think I like to lemon lime a little bit better, but because I've had a lot of lemon lime lately, I'm doing some strawberry lime. Cheers. I have this thing. We're going on. Good. Good. You're going to be back? You're glad? Good. Good. Stretch. Stretch. Good. Good. Keep going. Good job. Good feet down. All right, let's go. You're going to make this into a working set right here, that one working set. Two. Good. Full range emotion, full range emotion. And drive excellent. Good. Good. Come on, axle. All the way. Good. Excellent. Drive your feet flat. Good. Good. Keep going, axle. Keep going, buddy. Drive it up. Okay. Now I'm going to help them right there. Now using a good and down nice and slow. Nice and slow. Chin up. Up. Drive. Good. Now good on nice and slow. Good. Up. Right there. Last one. Slow. Slow. Slow. elbows in. Down, down, down, down, down. That's it. Cheechies got on this. Cheechies grind this. That's it. That's a very technical term. All right guys, just a reminder, those black sets that you guys are using. We do a lot of those and the other techniques that I'm using to increase intensity is on the FST7 app. So go check it out. All right. Drive it up. Good. Feed down. Go. It's going to give you a really good stretch. We're doing the flat panata press. It's called super horizontal and multi press when you look it up online. But basically you're able to either do a chest press with it or you can even do a cambered bar type movement with triceps, which is great as well. Good. Coming all the way down. Now the key is to make sure you're getting a really good full range of motion. You're going all the way down. Really deep. Drop the elbows, touching his chest and then driving it back up. Good. Drive. Good. Drive. All the way. All the way. Lock it down. Good. Okay. Working set. You ready? Working set. Let's go. One set. Working set. This is it. Go. This is one working set guys. One. Two chin up. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. You're feet flat. You're feet flat. Drive. Drive. Okay. Now slow. Slow. And help you think it's slower. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Up. Up right there. Slow. Slow. Slow. One more. One more. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Okay. Now push it down. You want to see what you use in safety bro? He said I died. I died. I did. I did say that in Spanish. Money. Your money. Your money. Your money. Your money. Your money. Like that. You got a your money. Good stretch stretch more. Good. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good. Good stretch and drive. Good stretch and drive. Stretch. Push down. Keep going. Keep going. Come on. All the way. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Again. Keep moving. Push. Push. All the way up. Go. That's how you do it. Good. That's now. Flex it out. Hold it. Good. Hands up a little higher. Good. Good. Good throw it up. Come on. murk it down. played. Far to the front. There.. Liang them. Good. Good. Hold on. Yeah, it's good. Okay, good. Go, go. Come on. Good. Squeeze. Excellent, keep going. Good, go. Good stretch, stretch, good. Again, come on. Drive. Good. Two more, two more, go. One more, come on, one more, come on. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. Go to press the right here, and there, now drive, push down. Come on, that's it. That's it, that's it. That's it. Squeeze that. That's all it. That's it. That's it, he's all. All right, guys. So I did go a little overboard with him this time because his form did fall apart. But the good thing is, that was more of a mental check. Can he do it? I never felt like he was at risk of getting hurt. One thing I would have done is write it down a little lighter if I was going to go into a press after the fly. But again, this particular workout was about one set to failure. And I felt like he did just that, one set to failure. I am Kierta. I like. Chichis, we grande, I like. I didn't get that. I like. All right, guys, we just finished up at Chis workout, high intensity, mic, mensor style. We tried to go to one specific set to failure. Again, not including the warmups, we still got a warmup. But we did that one set to failure. We did several different exercises. And then we did some posing at the very end. How was it? It was amazing. One set and I did. Isn't it too much? But I feel it better because he's more difficult. You know? Yeah. Part of him men on the four sets for a workout. For a walk. Yeah. For a walking set. So again, what you're trying to do is make sure you're fully warmed up. Go for full range of motion. Get peak contraction, especially if you have your workout partner helping you on those positives. So the last two or three, you're just going to slow in the eccentric, which is kind of being able to do that extra negative, is going to take so much. Taking so much further. So focus on full range of motion. Focus on being able to have someone with you to be able to help you with those extra reps at the very end and make sure you stay on top of your form. So honey, Rambot, here with the actual. We're just over six weeks out from the Olympia.

=== FILE: 2024 Olympia Champ Unfiltered  The Truth Behind the Crown  Lauralie Chapados [0bfE_q_HdO8].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I have none other. This is your return. This is your second time here. Lowerly the queen of bikini. Welcome back. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm so nervous. I'm why are you nervous? So I realized that there are first podcasts together that people are actually watching. Okay. Yeah, thanks. I don't know if the take that as a compliment or not. People are actually watching. You had more than a hundred people, more than a thousand people. Yes, a lot. And just kind of, I mean, saying like great comments don't get me wrong, but I was like, I don't look back at my things. Do you ever think about getting your things? No. Right? You don't. So it's like, okay. But then you have people that actually come into gym and just regular. They're just like, I watched your podcast this morning. I'm like, oh, no, you didn't spend your morning with my voice in your here. But it's like, they loved it. They enjoyed it, but now I'm nervous. I'm like, yeah, I'm nervous. There's nothing to be nervous about. We just got done training. We got lowerly here for the open gym weekend. So what we're doing is actually at Evision. We had a select number of people that we are brought into the gym for Saturday. And so though by the time you listen to this, you're probably already see the pictures on the Evision channel where we had an open gym. And we're bringing axle is here right now. He got to the training with me a little bit earlier than we did. We got Sid coming into Maro, we're supposed to have Jared feather coming into Maro. This is going to be cool. So we have a really good crew. And what's exciting is the fact that you, the last time you were here, you were getting ready for the Olympia. And now you are Miss Olympia. So congratulations, first of all. Thank you. Thank you so much. I want to say thank you for having me because it's always such a great opportunity to be in your presence. Like, I really, really am so grateful for that. So grateful for being part of, you know, Evision, but it's also so meaningful that I won. You know, the title that I've been working so hard for being an Evision athlete. So thank you for having me. I'm so excited for this weekend. And I would love to take all the credit for the fact that you won, but literally you hit we're just knocking at the door. You hit one, three, Arnold classics. And you're right on the cusp, you know, working with Kim, working with your boyfriend and working together as a team. And you guys just really dialed it in. And I loved that we were able to really witness and be a part of your journey. And it means a lot for me because I obviously with me coaching so many people myself and then being able to not only have Sid, but now also having you as part of the team. It makes a huge, huge difference. And your feedback is always amazing. Like you about flavor systems, up out to products, about how you use them, you just give really good perspective. And so again, having you here as a champion and being able to highlight that is great because I know originally you were thinking about going straight into the Arnold. And I do want to touch on that a little bit. And it was kind of a little crazy to me because I was like, wow, you just won. Why don't you just take a deep breath and just enjoy it? But is that just because that's just so used to going into, perhaps, back to back all the time? He came out about, is him, you know, I feel that I've been doing this for 10 years now. And I cannot remember celebrating my birthday, my birthday is next week. And that's because I've been doing the Arnold for as long as I, I've known. So it just, I think, became automatic. And for me, there was no changes of that even though I've won the Olympia, I was just okay, well, we're just going to keep on going, doing the champion with champions are doing, just on carry on and doing another prop. And like you said, not really taking a deep breath. And, Kim told me, he's like, go back, take a deep breath and think about it. And it was just so, again, automatically send my, why? Was he for it or against it? What was Kim's, you know, thought process on this? So Kim is always going to support me and my thoughts, right? And if you were going for it, we're going for it. And there's, there's no way back. But he, I think he really tried to make me think about it and not do my usual comfort thing where I just go and carry on with my decisions without giving some thought. So he was shocked when I actually told him because I actually ended up telling him I was, I actually sent the, they they request because you need to request for invitation, right? So I actually sent him a screenshot and was like, okay, and he was ready. You know, he's always ready to like, but he, he wasn't, he just knew what we've been through for this last 22 weeks of prefer the Olympia. He was huge. And he, under some way I was coming from me, I understood who I wasn't as an athlete, but he also knew from his experience what it meant to in the Olympia. And now what we have to hold as responsibility and the shoes I need to step in. And I think he's much rather look at me now fulfilling those responsibility and like walking to those shoes than just being on stage again. And these are obviously my personal goals and he's always going to support me as as much as he can, but he's also very happy that we're stepping forward into that world right now and to, you know, making a decision on choosing longevity and what is right for me and being a ambassador for this sport. So I'm excited for this phase of my life taking a step. You know, it's a step forward. It's not, it's nothing of a step back. You know, people can make it what it is or whatever they want, but in our heads right now, it's a step forward. 100% I think that when you called me and we were talking about it and we were, you know, making that decision about not to the show, what was the thing I told you. I said, I don't know why you're even doing the show because you get a chance to have that victory lap and you get to be able to really absorb what you're doing and I know the certain people will come, you know, come to mind like Samson Dada. But again, Samson Dada is going for a half a million dollar prize. So he's going for that big check. So for him to win the Olympia win 600,000, trying to go in for 500,000 of the Arnold. That's one thing. But with you, and not that you can, couldn't do it. It's more of like, enjoy the moment. You won three horinals and then this is your first Olympia win and I know you're going to try to repeat and you're going to go in there and try to build a legacy. And now is the time to like what you said, create longevity and also be the brand ambassador that you are. Do you afraid of that a bit? Is that one of the reasons why you might have kind of just went right back into like I want to go into battle mode? Maybe subconsciously, there's probably some of that. I think whatever you want to call it, you know, I'm going to go for because that's what champion are doing and like it, it just, I was so hyped up. I was like, I gave Arnold four time. It sounds good. Let's go for it and when it actually, we started prep, everything was good and when we had the blood work, it just the decision was made for me. I really had to think and sometimes we go into that mode of like not really thinking. And as I was at the, we take a lot of noise and we never self-reflect on what we actually want to do. So I think subconsciously, there's a little bit of that. You know, I've been in the second spot, fist spots, they're like always kind of there but never the one. And I think it really hit me on that Sunday after the Olympia when I was sitting down with at the champion seminar and you know, you have Seabumb there. You have Sid, you have, you know, Missy and then Ryan Terry and I'm like, wait, that's my chair. And I'm actually here as the title holder of the Keeniness Olympia. So like when that hit me, it's like, I wanted to go into hiding. So I'm like, okay, I did my Sunday here as a champion but now I want to go into hiding and just like go back into prep and just go into that grind where like, you know, you have you hoodie up and it's just like the grind and the this and the that and just go into your comfort zone. It's insane to say that body building has become my comfort zone because for a lot of people it's a comfortable, you know, it's a lot of sacrifices and all this stuff but it became that for a little bit. So when I had to like really think hard on what is actually the best decision, what is the best thing for a lowerly right now and trying to be all that, be all of myself because when you're around like when you you earned that title of misalempy, it's kind of like you kind of feel like you need to reinvent everything and be someone that is bigger than yourself when in reality is like being all of who you are and you start feeling some kind of like different pressure and now you need to show up with like a six back everyday like and not talking the same way and be more articulate and don't get me wrong. I want to work on all that and be a better ambassador for the sport but I also want to be more of myself because that's all I've been doing for the longest time and I've earned my title being, you know, a little bit messy sometime having, you know, my up my ups and downs and but also owning all of that I am and being like authentic and organic and genuine. So I don't want to lose that just because I'm misalempy. I know I have to just go full front and be a champion again and never stop and the grind is forever and it's hard core and I love all these things about bodybuilding but I also want to tap into my more more of Lourley what she has to offer being that now, you know. Well you went over a lot into unpacked it's really I guess um admirable because a lot of people sweep it under the rug we talked about that before we started right and I think you know you said you're the queen of that. I said sweeping under the rug is my cardio. They're the cardio favorite activity but yes when you say that you mean with kind of all the aspects of competing or just in life in general. I think competing for me has been my pillar my solid core and my that's where I go to where I'm happy when I'm sad. This is the thing that I can obviously control. It's every three hours you need to have a meal. You need to think about your pure got you need to go to sleep. So it's you're constantly wired. So on wiring and just be into that lifestyle and being into yourself it's kind of something that I haven't done a very long time. So sweeping under the rug for me it's just to help me carry on with my bodybuilding carry. It's like okay but we don't need that we just need to be focused on this right now we need to be focused on our meal we need to be focused on our cardio and just being optimal constantly into being a machine basically. So did some parts of my life went under the rug yeah totally and now that I'm 28 almost turning 29 it's not an age thing it's just like a a duration thing things start compiling and you start whatever you put under the rug starts coming out a little bit and now it's just time to take care of it. It's just time to take care of whatever is showing up because there's a lot. So at the end of the kicker of those things I'm very happy in the place that I am right now but I'm again taking ownership of a lot of things that I've suffered the rug that just needs to be taken care of so that way this is part of my prep for the Olympia you know it's it is because that's gonna allow me to be so at peace you know keeping that peace of mind that's freedom you know that knowing that I've took care of everything I think the care of and I can go into this prep having this formula that we have now which is a 22 week prep that's where I thrive being ready about you know nine weeks seven you know nine weeks ahead of time maybe like four pounds of stage weight and just kind of cruising and getting my body you know I accommodated into that new shape because I get you know a lot smaller than I'm actually am right now so that's our formula and we wouldn't have had that the Arnold that that's the whole truth like we would we would be you know ten weeks and it wouldn't have been the same formula so I wouldn't want to go into all of my prep now knowing that we have a winning formula and really owning that so no that that says a lot because you you that's the self-awareness part saying okay if I don't go through those steps of going 22 weeks then go it down to like that optimal look at seven and nine weeks like and kind of bring my body down because we all know when you bring down your body too quickly what it does is it just kind of deflates right and I think that's what's happened to you in the past and I think a lot of that has to do is you would go through the Arnold you peek and then when you try to double peek again for the Olympia your body just wouldn't get right and that's what it's seem like from the outside did you see that that's kind of what was going on in the past yeah which is interesting because the Olympia we normally have I mean I would I would come off from the Arnold and kind of going to the Olympia if I wasn't doing like Pittsburgh or New York or whatever um so Olympia wasn't was never the right one because it was I mean the biggest show and then obviously stress would come along and things would happen you know I got two lean one year and then two big the other year you know and both year we were talking you and I so it's interesting how far we've come but like I said I think coming down and I I know I can grow into a show I know I know the intensity I know I'm like my I know my boyfriend you know he's gonna push me where I know he's gonna be able to like grow me into a show if we we need to Kim's same thing those in nutrition and I have the here no cap no I I do I really do and I you know I was talking to other pockets I don't know if I said it on here the last year but I was like I'm going to the Olympia I have although Kim and honey like I encourage you like right I know it wasn't like that because you were busy with your athletes but in my mind that's really genuinely what I thought and I just felt so safe and protected and I felt so loved all that we all weekend that's my little bubble I was and I was just just loved yeah you know well we we always we're always checking in on you and saying hey look if there's anything you need our conversations right just those little 20 minute conversations of where are you how's your head what's going on is there anything ahead right but again it's you overthink right a lot of people do it's it's totally natural it's normal and I think also being a woman doing a division where you also are being judged from the neck up not just your physique but your neck up and it's like hey is the angle right I got to look you know in shape but I can't look to and shape because I'll you know scare the judges because they follow me or you know all of these things go on in your head and much more so than a man because a guy can look really crazy shredded and then just soften up you know by the time they sit you know on stage if they're like let's say men's physique or the opposite somebody looks a little soft but by the time they dry out and they look crazy by the time they get on stage it's totally fine but with women I feel like it's always like hey this is my angle this is my side this is like make sure there's a filter make sure I'm not looking a little too beat up from the lack of sleep the night before and then you're doing your cardio but you still want to connect with your fans so all of these extras have to go in with the thought process of trying to chase perfection that you never get to right yeah I think I've accepted that a long time ago and I think that's what you know made me have like such an incredible audience is because one time like years ago I was on Instagram stories the first time coming out Instagram stories I have no English my English is so bad and I'm filming this story post like 30 times and I'm like wait I gotta go to work I gotta go to work I need to post this story and I'm just like effort I'm actually gonna post it my French accent is wild like English accent I don't even know with like with language I spoke on that story but I was like hey this is me guys thank you for following me I think that's what's the story right but from that point on I was like I'm always gonna say true to myself I've stopped using filter my god like about a year and a half ago I was like what am I doing here like trying to cast fish people like cast fish myself on those filter they they made me look amazing but I'm like let me not do that let me not do that let me be about what I preach and and you know I think the overthinking come just from caring a lot I care a lot not only for myself but how impactful and I feel that sometimes I've taking on things in my life whether is with relationship wise it's not like a friendship right like relationship with coaches or your sponsor that was not aligned with my image I was like you know it's okay I just need to do my bodybuilding thing I just see like you they can do whatever they want I'm just gonna do bodybuilding things you know but the impact that I had with that and how people use my image in order to make themselves more credible that was the most painful part of my career so now like I'm always like so double aware who I'm associating with like who I'm walking to the grocery store with like what am I wearing like all of these things like I do take a lot of it's it's not pride it's just care just care I think protection to you know because you've been through a couple of different talk you know tough times where you had some situations that like that occurred but I think it happens a lot more than people think and for people listening to this you guys know what I'm talking about you may go into the gym talk to somebody about something it could be about creating it could be about this and that and then next you know the person you talk to goes often says I'm prepping that person because you guys had a conversation about a pre-workout or about creating because people are so thirsty to try to take credit for things that they do not should not be taking credit for number one but number two they just want that association and they want your name in their mouth and you could be a local just let's say you're just a great physique in that gym someone will do that because people don't think they just do and they don't understand hey look there's that person number one you're taking away from what that person's done and number two if they're working with somebody else you're taking away from what that coaches doing and then you turn around and try to do that and again I dealt with this a lot when I was coming up where people would just try to you know reach on to an athlete and they would just try to focus on saying oh I have this to do with it or I have that to do with it so that they can try to be able to create validation and credibility for themselves but really it was just a conversation and passing something super superficial surface and like you said when you say oh I'm walking with somebody to the grocery store now all the person that person got oh she's my best friend and we were hanging out and you're like dude I just saw it this door I said hi I was being friendly and all of a sudden it's just weird thing and then you have to go into this protection mode because you have to say well wait a minute how is this person trying to use my image or my relationship because it can get really really dicey and I feel that everybody in this industry really can relate to that to some degree if you've been in it for a couple of years and you've just turned into something just let it could be a local show winner it could be somebody like I said who has a great physique super pretty in the gym and you know all of the sudden you know someone's like oh I'm her makeup artist or I'm this or I'm that because I gave her something about eyeshadow I don't I don't know but I just seen so many weird things and there it is out there that people come up with sometimes it's yeah and and it's I think that's the unfortunate part and because you have to change your vision of every interactions you have sometimes and it's it's never as pure so I'm that when I say I have surrounded that makes me safe that's what I'm talking about is because I can be who I am which is like I love people like I love like being social I never can't see bad intentions and that's also like very Canadian very native very Canadian I mean but I had to grow up really fast in the industry because you never know and you know I'm sure you know like as soon as you get a title you have people that you you know that gave you a shaker cup and you're like yeah I sponsor like you know it's just what I like whatever they come up with right so it's it's very unfortunate because as much as I've been on there like sharing my journey and you're like people come up with those narrative and it's like you just have to watch one video of me and you know that this is not true but like do you go and fight with them like what do you do you do you call them you you call them and you you're actually talking to them because I didn't in the path how do you think I did it I would see something that crazy I'm like here's my phone the bird call me will talk talking the person I said half an hour that like you know what I'm still believing that I'm like okay this is this is for me to understand that I know my truth yeah people are gonna be around me are either gonna you know support the truth and and I have to leave it at that whatever people want to do with it it's not it's not in my control I don't even want to control it you're gonna lose your mind absolutely right yeah and also I think it's also just in general difficult because you want to try to please everybody but at the same time people take advantage of your niceties right and I think that's the other tough thing with a lot of people when you start becoming nice you open up the door a little bit and then the people take advantage but you know I was going to talk about Aldo a little bit like how hard is it getting coached by your significant other so so he's he's a trainer but he would come on any interview and say like he's my boyfriend first like he really wants to stay that out loud because that's the most important part of his role and it's something that we it's still hard to navigate like I'm gonna be super honest with you like we've been out it's like we've been together for four years now it's been for great amazing year you know being obviously with him with Kim like working collaboratively and he's such a fan of body with building so it's it's great overall but still hard to navigate so sometimes we have to come up with strategies where you know we have I'm still on his schedule you know I risked back his schedule I respect you the office he has job and if I'm having a day like you know I'm just having this communication and that's verbal exchange with with Kim being involved with me being involved but on the athlete where we have to change hearts basically but um it's not always easy yet get sometimes emotional you know I won't I won't hide it I'm just like where is my boyfriend like I want you to support me and he's just like it's hard being double duty it's hard being double duty I know I did it with my wife when I started coaching her and I know that you won't ever do it again no right no no I'm not that's the thing I don't think you'll listen to me ever again but she want her show we did you know we did one show when I met her she was prepping and then obviously we've told the story several times but um and she was really good at taking direction but if we would have kept going and she would let's say you know try to go for a pro card or got her pro card then I think it would have gotten even more difficult but it was so early in our relationship that it made it easier because she was just very tough and good at taking direction and I um and I honestly didn't want to do it but then when I saw so many mistakes being made by by the guy that was coaching her I was like okay this is this is wrong this is wrong and then I just again I didn't want to get involved and then when I saw it like really starting to fall apart I just said okay we're 12 weeks she's gonna end up you know getting sick and I said okay I think we needed to change some things and but that was like about one or two months into us dating and I kept away from it like I just said you're doing your thing good luck and that's it and then when I started seeing a lot of mistakes being made that's when I turn around and I'm like okay I have to step in a little bit and then again I took over and then we were able to fix things and then she won the overall and it was good but I just it was because of the danger aspect of it that was happening yeah I ended up having to get involved but it wasn't something that I wanted to do and that's why I stayed away from it but if we had to continue and do more and more shows it would definitely be very difficult because again when you get upset are you telling them to do more cardio because you're upset at them or it's because you really truly believe it and then it goes back and forth it's almost kind of like working with your significant other and business and one's trying to be your boss and the other one has to be the quote unquote employee those don't tend to work very well either right I mean you hear stories all the time but funny story like that's how we met I actually hired him to train me so like I knew he was really good I watched his content for a long time so I hired him so then of course I want him to train me you know what I mean and then I think it's like I grew a lot with him I grew a lot then my glues were too big okay we're changing things up and you know it it was a good time of fun time but then it was you know he's so into his work he's so passionate I wasn't prep all the time so we never kind of had that break to like connect you know how people have they're a to five they come home and they have dinner together and they go to bed we didn't have that so I think that started missing and then I was trying to have that during our session and he kind of didn't know how to show up anymore so it was just hard and navigate you know but he obviously supports you know me so much and he's a great trainer and always have good intention you know if you have good intentions and we both want to win and we both want to best for each other it never comes out of maliciousness but it's also understandable okay what do you need right now and sometimes it's just I just need to train myself for a while and then he'd like okay let's go ahead and he said you know one year that ended up growing he was like I was looking at you doing five plays on the side backs hacks hackscoot and I was like I want to intervene and tell you you're doing something wrong but then he let me learn and I you know I learned I learned the hard way but then after that I was like okay let me take my pride I want to hear what you have to say like you do prep or does he just do training he just a training got you yep he just personal training so that's his own right because I know he does personal training but I didn't know if he did prep for others no no no no no no he won't get a check in from you he's just very pretty and he likes a one and one he won't even do online really okay yeah he wants to be there he likes to really hands on okay yeah hands on which you're getting back into that yes yes well for me I've always been hands on because I always had I did both right but now I could just leave it at the door where in the past that's why everyone's like oh you know you're retired and I go no from coaching high level Olympia but for the people that are prepping there's a lot of people we had just had rough diesel in your last week and you know urges is going to come out I think before the Arnold which is going to be really cool I got to train with him in India but it's because now I'm just focused on just the workout and being able to give back to the audience to the people to the to the other athletes and not having to be able to have a horse in the race for say and being able to do that is what's really fun where I don't have to get up in the early in the morning and you know it's good about the late and worry about pictures and updates and all of these other things and peaking free with the shows now I can do really just focus on let's get into the gym let's do some really good training and let's have some fun and then let's grab a you know with protein shake and high five you know looking at the club out yeah it's it just leave it at the door and that's again for me that's plenty but when I see you and you know the dynamic of him and Aldo and being able to do that this way I was always curious I'm like does he prep other people just doesn't prep you or is that just his is laying and it looks like that's just his laying he likes to do the training yep that's awesome yeah and then now as the division is now you know with gotten almost in some ways now it's it's and now we have a new division right and I really would love to hear your take on the new division yeah I mean the fit model division oh my god and we actually had the first show at the LA fit expo when we were at the NPC woman's workshop uh Cindy Williams in the workshop the fit model division what a great addition to our sport for and I love the podcast you do with Tyler by the way I watch it and I told Tyler this is a great podcast and if whomever is asking you question just redirected into that you know he was just so open about it I think that's great information but personally I just think it's it's great to see the this sport grow and you've been there for a long time so you saw the women's physique good you know figure thickness yep but I've never been in the sport having a division after bikini it's a lot of like wait this is so cool like you know it's good so some people would think that maybe you'd be like threatened by it because now that you're the champ you're like wait a minute now you know do I feel diluted but it seems like you're actually pretty happy about it oh I'm so hyped about it I think it's just gonna be great for the sport it's so great to have um and it's also so different I feel like people don't take it as two different I didn't like categories I feel that they think that bikini is going to change because there is that happening but I think the judges are doing such a great job and you know shout out to Tyler shout out to Cindy Williams and to make it so different with the criteria of what it is so I don't think it's a you know people will compare it to bikini back in the days but I really do think it's going to be completely different that's why the suits are going to be different there's no crossover possible so they're doing the right way and I'm so proud to be a bikini I'm here on the every work 10 years of my life to like nail this look so I'm a proud bikini girl you know nobody asked so you're not switching division you're the only one who asked me that like I always got insulted I was like wait nobody's asking me what if I'm going to switch division I don't know why but I'm like no I'm actually proud of myself because I'm just such a bikini girl I heart I love this category and um I'm yeah well you're built for the category to be honest with you it's one of those things where when you look at your shoulders waist like everything that the way that you're built and I feel that what's really nice about the fact that now they have this other category it just really helps with a feeder system something that is more attainable but a lot of people are threatened by it I don't understand why it again I still think that they should do it for the men's I think that the men's have gotten super muscular and back when Jeremy was winning and that 165 170 pound physique his way different than what you're seeing now it's much more muscular now than it was when it first started but that's when I feel like it was as big as so I do feel like this creates especially now you can't cross over I would do the same thing with the men's and be able to create a feeder system so that if somebody has that look and they can get on stage within a shorter time frame then we still have the ability to bring them up and then if they want to build and move up they still can if they so desire or they're genetically able to grow they can go to another category but I feel that when you are kind of where it's at now the bar is almost too high in the men's side so that's why I feel that way but with the women now I feel that again having that fit model look with not being able to cross over really helps identify with a different audience and if they want to get a little bit more muscular and just a little bit more just rounder then they can move up to bikini yeah you know um what do you think about that because here's some of our discussion that Kim and I had about the category fit model is going to be really hard to coach the coach are going to be so exposed because if you don't know well nutrition and you don't know well training you're not going to be able to bring a body because you can't rely on anything else you can't cheat your way into fit model it's going to be curvy it's going to be athleticism it's going to be health wellness it's going to be all that so now I feel like there's a less like people rely a lot on you know supplementation you know like to make it PG on here but they don't really know their basics so I think there's going to be a lot of coaches are going to get humbled very much so really fast which is going to be a great thing for for the sport again because it's going to showcase that and enforce women to stay within and hopefully men eventually like to stay within the potential of their own body and you know we're talking about Sid a lot and I am such a a fan of her but she started it she was seven years old you know what I mean it's it's one of those things it's a marathon it's it's not a sprint that's what we're talking about it's like now girls of course like they're trying to go into bikini in two years and when they're programmed in two years like great things takes a lot of time and that's why Sid when you look at her it's it's maturity in her muscle it's it's density it's athletic it's in genetics it's just she has insane genetics and that's just part of it it really is it is I know it is but it's just to say that these things were not given like we're talking about filth you know like it's it's it's athletes pretty muscle those pretty muscle you don't have that a lot in this sport anymore it's I think a lot of people rush it and if they do have a glimpse of it they just destroy it because taking hormones can actually ruin your look I know natural guys who looked better when they were natural than then when they went on and that's because what happens is their body ends up going into some type of chaotic change in due to the hormones and it doesn't make it better it lots of times makes it worse because they're relying now on something that they shouldn't be relying on and then on top of that your body just starts to grow disperpourish and it just throws everything off and so there's a lot of reasons and then you see women that do the same thing and then all of a sudden you're like wow when she was natural she looked at so much better and then they got enhanced and I'm saying you're like oh skin is bad you know shoulders are blown out too big you know quadr too big you know glutes are kind of disproportionate all of this other stuff and I just feel that that's what ends up happening if you don't have a good coach that can keep you wild you know inside the boundaries of what your division really is yeah and I feel like that's why people just end up like getting blown out yeah totally totally I agree with I think you're always one cycle away of messing up your physique totally and you see it in the rules of if if models to just go back a little bit on that new division when Tyler says no cap shoulder it's because he knows like the judges are smart now they they they they've talked to a lot of athletes a lot of things that they've seen so when you start seeing things that are not supposed to be that on women they're gonna call it out for what it is and I'm gonna be like we won't we don't want that we don't want shredded like visible like tie in or shredded hamstring even not in bikini anymore like anyone on the top five like they didn't have deep lines in their hamstring and because they know what it takes I mean it's to get that lean it's a lot of extreme you know what I mean yeah especially for women so I'm I think it's a very positive turn into the sport great at this shit and we'll see where it goes we'll see where it goes there's no negative until we don't see what it's done for you know what I mean we don't have anyone competed yet so all of these negative thoughts I just think it's like bogus at this point so I'm excited I think it's positive yeah the other thing that I think that that could possibly happen to some point and I don't know if Tyler or Jim or anyone's talked about it yet is possibly just having set judges for those divisions because I always think early on when we just had bodybuilding right we had men's bodybuilding and women's bodybuilding and there was no other divisions um now with all the divisions and you have a bodybuilding judge what are they going to go after they're going to keep going after the more conditioned look because that's what they're really you know judging with a prior division so now you constantly do that but if you have someone who's really focused on what the division they're supposed to be helping create the standard for then you have more of a purest outlook and I feel like certain judges are not good at carrying over and saying hey I'm not going to go back because it's easiest to go to the most muscular or the most shredded person because it just creates a little bit easier way of being able to decide on who's best but when you are trying to look at the overall structure and you're trying to create that complete look for bikini or fit model or whether it's um figure if you're using a lot of male bodybuilding judges then what's going to happen is they are going to I feel inherently just it's just an apparently going to want to go towards a more conditioned look more muscular look a little bit more extreme look and I think it just evolves that way but I think some judges are really really good and they can do that they can they can compartmentalize on what they're watching but I think some of the others not so much and I think that's when you have to kind of just maybe possibly have a standard and having you know if it's something that maybe they should also think about is saying hey these are set judges for these divisions so that they can also just not have to really work on looking at men's open one minute and then turn around and do fit model the next yeah yeah I mean we'll see we'll see I'm sure the sport again constantly evolving I think having the pit power like it just shows how much they're really in trying to be in tune and to growing the sport the right way I think it does come down to the judges awarding either the best physique on stage which is very subjective and sometimes isn't really for the criteria again so thanks you see that a lot overseas because then the overseas sees what they're rewarding in the USA and in the US most of the time the big panel the big show have a set criteria in their mind and then they're kind of almost see it as like a stencil right so they have the design stencil of the body that they want and they're just passing the bodies into that stencil and whomever is like really fit into that stencil that day that's the one that's rewarded so sometimes it's not the best body on stage but it's the body that fits a criteria the best and these are two different things and again I think you're really gonna see that in fit model because if you award a best body while sometimes the best body is have capsules and that's exactly it and that's where the they miss the mark and that that's how it gets to evolve and evolve and just to get so much and it doesn't stay within the confines of what it's supposed to be I mean the good thing is Tyler's actually verbalizing so much he's going out and he's doing the breakdowns and I think that really helps tremendously because we didn't have that in the past right we didn't have a lot of that transparency that we have now and it was because we didn't have the internet we didn't have social media we didn't have all these things it was a magazine and then we would see it three months after the show was over and we would open up a magazine and then you just be like okay it is what it is but now with that I mean again I think he goes in was it like the less no weak later and he starts to break down the judging already so that that's what makes it cool but now he has to try to keep everybody at bay because there's so many shows now and like you said internationally letting them also so that's why I think a lot of times those send some of the judges from here out there overseas to be able to really kind of oversee the standard right and I think that's happening even more and more now which is very good because that's what helps the standard because if you have some rogue judges that are going back into like some of the old European days you would see some of their figure girls and they were shredded and they would be like abs and veins in their quads and I was like what is that and this is like back in the day and rewarding size over like shape and just 100% yeah and then they come to the Olympia they're just last call out you know 16th you they just do well right and then increase frustration and you know you know how it goes yeah absolutely and they don't know what to do because they were like hey I won this show back in like Slovenia or something right and so I think that that's you know the cool thing about what we're at now as a organization but going into this next year I know you got a lot of events coming up right and so where are you gonna be at next I know we have Arnold in couple weeks right yeah so you're gonna be there with us you're gonna be there for Celsius as well and then after that what's the next show do you get because I know you're you're everywhere like I saw you in Kim where were you guys that a couple days ago we were in Virginia so DC Virginia area so we've been doing that seminar for like four years not but again my first time that being on prep for a seminar so it's great everything is kind of brand new for me so I'm enjoying those moments a lot I'm so happy to be here this weekend we're gonna have so much fun and then after that I'm actually gonna celebrate my birthday which happened then in a long time so that's my little late 29 in a week don't say it maybe more don't say it that's it then you just say 22 that's it then you go backwards then you go 29 the 208 okay deal yeah that's okay I can agree to that that's it that's okay 29 28 27 just go backwards from there okay good deal that deal so now that you're getting to enjoy your off season tell me about the food because another thing that I noticed from many many years of being in this industry is the disproportionate just relationship of women in this industry in food right are you able to kind of like allow yourself to enjoy yourself and get a little heavy or are you constantly trying to be like hey I got to watch an eat like super super clean because I'm scared I'm gonna blow up do you get cheap meals do you get to have some things that we're you know we talked about in the past but right now with where you're at are you allowing yourself that or is it constantly a struggle it was a little bit like in complete transparency again since we're gonna to true the truth podcast the truth podcast it was a little bit more of a struggle like I I had to kind of relearn my thought process on like me going reverse dieting every single time in the past it switched on switch off I go back to intuitive as as soon as I can as early as I can to just get my hormones back as soon as I can for me to do a very very dire and add a hundred grams of carbs every week it just elongates the process and I have to go back and prep very soon so I want to have my hormones back I want to you know have you know lepsing growing back on truck I want to have my period if I missed that I want them back you know sorry these are the details but as as early as I can so for me to just keeping my physique after show that I've just got my physique judge on like no I'm I'm going on to health phase so my focus is now changing from a physique standpoint to a health and internal standpoint which whatever my body wants to do at this point I have to let it be and be what it is because we're going all in to that phase as soon as I can to repair what I need to repair so how many times a day are you eating now? Like four times a day I'm still listening I'm hungry I'm active I need good fuel so I tend to go through kind of the same meal that I used to have in the past maybe adding more fruits I love like fruits here and there I would add that if you know I crave for a bigger meal because I train really hard that week I'm going to allow myself to eat those meals like I don't have any issue with that at all you have a set cheap meal day or a couple of days a week we get allow yourself to have a date I don't really but I do like a little like Friday Saturday night maybe or like a little Sunday brunch that's my thing a little Sunday brunch I love I love are you doing the champagne brunch like me most I know I would do like a big old kimchi like kimchi's big wow you didn't carry it away with big I thought you're going to be like yeah like a little bit of maple syrup like you know my my I do like Hulk thinking with like oatmeal stuff so I would just like to syrup on it and maybe some little East chocolate chip like I would go with that and just Brad Brennan butter is my thing yeah yeah yeah and we're not cardio you're doing cardio off these I do have a little cardio it's not very cardio cardioing as I call it's a little step between step and cardio so I do do 30 minutes of cardio a day and that's in the morning or after training or one depends yeah you mix it up yeah I do and how many do seven days seven days yeah and so you just kind of balancing everything out and then are you doing blood work right now or you kind of like going through again and then because you I said you said that you mentioned blood work or is not where you where you wanted it and that's why you're like no I'm going to tell you know back off of the show yeah now with the situation you're in now are you going in and how often are you checking you know your blood work right now so from the last but work that we've been doing I started to work with the only paddock doctor and I also have the doctor that are working together so I'm on this phase right now with you know the supplements you know like needs them and all that these good stuff yeah and we're going to get blood work done and about like it's going to be right after the RN on the second time I work done and see where we're at because right now my training volume is reduced by a lot you know I told you I'm three four times a week a week 30 minutes 45 minutes exactly what we did today was like spot on like I feel good I'm not drained with it and go to failure really like the form was it broken down but we just keep you know just how long will you be sore now I'm probably getting it sore how many days two three okay yeah right that two or three mark yeah three days is like on average and then I'll right now with grams of protein do you know do you count your grams of protein or macros I would go like you know per meal for ounces of chicken if I so it's like 26 rounds of protein meal and in the morning I have to answer 200 grams of egg whites so it's about like 26 grams of protein to 30 grams of protein per meal I have like four meals a day in the shake okay yeah and then shake I do a scoop in a half now which is look at you it gets it gets so velvet like um i mean a crispy cookie a scoop in a half is like you've been tagging me on those videos you did with Kim that cookie uh the cookie crisps so the cookie crisps guys for that you don't know I made a nice eject that reminded me of cookie crisps cereal and it has broken little pieces we call them inclusions and they're in there and that's my go to because I love the texture and that's what you miss when you're dieting right like that's why a lot of people like chips that's why you like pretzels you like little snack items and when you put those little pieces in there you really feel a difference besides it just being a pure liquid it kind of feels like you broke up a little bit of a meal or like I said cookies pieces in the bottom of it the fact that you just said that the texture part yeah I am such a texture for the I love me some different texture give me a cake but that has like a little praline going on and it'll crut done done is it's perfect that's why it's so fantastic I mean I mix it with even like pumping pumpkin puree oh wait a minute how come you don't give me any of these recipes what do you mean well you mix it you mix the protein with pumpkin puree and what do you do do you just like do you chill it or just mix it so it's already chilled so like the pumpkin puree is what it's cold so it keeps the I mean the crisp little cookies compact because otherwise if it's hot no fall part they do but but when they fall apart it kind of makes it little like situation like melted chocolate chips situation it's fantastic it's great but having to crunch with your pumpkin and it's like I have my Baltimore drink right now what's going on what is going on okay it's good I have to let me try it yeah what you let's do this tell me down below in the comments if you think she should do maybe like a recipe a week yeah I'm down okay so guys girls whoever is listening to this go into the comment section let us know because if we get enough of those yessas we'll definitely get her to be able to do this unfortunately to do it actually should look to do it anyways I would I would I would I do it like you should be doing it it's come on this I mean this is like gold these are the little nuggets yeah people people tag me on it some people I've picked up on it you know it's just sometimes it takes a while that you know all pumpkin with you just don't taste it and it's great it's entire inflammatory food volume food like the macros are great yeah because you got a little bit of that density to it exactly because you see it often with like your good people would like me say we agree good but what if you're it that close in tolerant and you want the macros no it fits perfect and then yeah I just have the proof to use it when you're tidy yeah I had that oh my god when you're prepping yeah wait I had the I so check up until a week out no I'm saying with the pumpkin and then with the pumpkin yeah measured a hundred grams of pumpkin so you just add those to your macros yeah how many calories is that in a lot it's great why don't know it sounds like me like you're having ton of it is it canned is it canned it's or yeah the one from whole food yeah okay specifically organic of course yeah it's got organic yeah yeah but that yeah you got to definitely share some secrets you know I'll share some secrets too I just yeah I'm serious could people are asking me because I you have the my my secret Persian pizza wait what I would do these gluten free pizza is you didn't hear about this no spill it right here so I would make these gluten free pizzas and it was just a tortilla that we would I would use a little bit of like olive oil cooking spray put it on a hot plate right hot pan flip it get it crispy add a little bit of like pizza sauce and then I'd get turkey pepperoni and I would put like low fat cheese just right on top of there and then get a pizza cutter and it would just make it crispy as hell and oh because texture because I'm a texture guy and the texture like little crispy tortilla and then that's it I can't I can't only drop the rolling over there right now he's yeah I'm really I mean yeah we're hungry but I just can't only imagine the feeling you high when you took out your roller pizza roller and prep like you just feel like you made it you're like I'm using your pizza roller you know a lot of people are getting super creative you know and again just being able to kind of work around some different things I know some people that were doing certain types of muffins and cookies my wife will use the ninja creamy and mix that up and then make you know the ice cream sandwich Evevision you know ice eject ice cream sandwich yeah you would do that or she would use choro and then she would turn around and make you know the ice cream with that and the beef collagen in there yep yeah the new chocolate one is my favorite that chocolate collagen is off the hook because I'm just a chocolate fiend but it's um but anyhow it when you start mixing you know collagen and different types of ingredients and you can literally get some nice texture out of it and people have gotten super creative with some of these things and again I love watching some of those Instagram things and even though I'm not guiding for a show just because I like ideas and then I go oh and then I forward him to my wife and then she's like do it yourself you're just like you should make this for Cameron and then like wink wink like go there and steal it yeah I love that I love that that's so cool yeah but it's it's it's good so definitely you know I a lot of people who are listening to this you guys have your secret recipes share them put it on the Instagram on the YouTube comments and let us know if you want to see L'Orley on there oh my god we could we could pick up on some of those and actually try them and see how yeah 100% right okay yeah let us know you guys recipe will pick some of them and just do them it better yeah if you guys do it and you want to you need protein let me know what flavor I'll send it to you wait that's cool yeah I'll do it sick okay so if somebody out there is listening and you guys are domestic I can't send it internationally because of all the laws but if you're in the U.S. I can go ahead and get you guys whatever flavor you want go on the online say well this is what I would use and I'm gonna make some kind of cinnamon roll this that I'll go ahead and I'll just I'll do it because then if it's really good then I'm gonna go ahead and use my Symmerec and we'll get you ready for it yeah and we'll give you guys credit we'll tag you on the recipe wait that's such a cool idea why not I honestly we genuinely have the best I say we but it's you but no it's we because you guys get feedback absolutely we have the best flavor protein out there so I can only imagine how people are gonna do some crazy stuff share it because again that that makes that gets me rolling actually I'm like wait okay how I be yes yeah okay there you go let us know your whatever flavor you need for your protein slash dessert slash whatever you guys are gonna make and so cool and I'll send it to you so go in the comments and we'll get it out to you you know again this weekend is going to be awesome we're gonna get get ready to do this and I am looking forward to seeing you get ready for the next show but we got some time so for those of you they're going to the Arnold come by she's going to be at the E-vision booth she'll also be at Celsius and and I think the other thing that you guys got to do is make sure we're gonna also be at Pittsburgh that's gonna be an awesome show so that's going to be awesome and I'm hoping that we're going to be able to see everybody because it's I get to actually enjoy some time at the booth and not be stressed out up in the hotel room and be with one of the athletes I can just turn around and just focus on being able to be present yeah because you you always had those I guess I mean I'd always have to be that was such a stressful like last year was hotty and then you know for the Arnold and the Olympia's I'm never anywhere I'm only just at pre-judging with Seabomb and then I was running back to the shows and never got to enjoy it so now I'm definitely looking forward to being able to enjoy some stuff oh that's so cool yes and I will be at Fibo as well do you have to go to Fibo? when is Fibo April? yes April in Germany I've always wanted to go but we'll see we'll see maybe yeah we're gonna get she to start doing some international travel she's such a homebody when it comes to the U.S. she likes it's big enough for her but I think one of the signs we're going to take you one of those big shows I have to make you go visit Canada properly like that's that's this is not what my uncle is not of what right? no it's not on that yeah he's actually visiting California right now visiting my mom okay I was talking about a couple days ago he goes you must come to Ottawa and I was like because he's got the Persian Canadian accent now it's hilarious and I'm like uncle you know because he's he's he's a veterinarian and he's still working he's like you know in his in his 70s and he's still grinding away just hard worker loves being a veterinarian and he's like come here and I was like isn't he hot in humid there during the summer and he's like yeah but it doesn't matter you you live from Texas Texas is hot too and I go but it's not humid but I do want to go up there and check it out but you you were from like Montreal right? yeah so Ottawa is like three hours from us we used to do like field trip at school to like go to the the bottom line like all you know the museums that we have over there no what am I talking about I'm like thinking DC right now okay whatever Ottawa has no it's still how the problem yeah yeah that's where the that's where the capital is okay I need to meal yeah I need all the tariffs all the tariff talk got you a little bit confused don't spit out your drink all the time the mike yes okay tariff talk no tariffs for now but yeah so it's gonna be a good trip I'm going to try to get out there because we did Vancouver and I was awesome yeah I'm going to go Eastern part of Canada yeah they look like such a cool trip but yeah come on the east okay we know our party and we have good are you going back soon or no eventually eventually like it's I'm working on it you know you know I'm working on it so international is it's up next I can't wait I can't wait it's gonna be a good time well guys thank you so much for being a part of this I know that you're tired from getting ready for this workout just finishing up with the workout and for those that haven't seen the workout go check it out we're going to put up all the tips all the tricks on how to be the best in the world so again lorily thank you so much honey ram bod and that's the truth

=== FILE: 2025 Pittsburgh Pro Men's Open Derek VS Nick who's your FAVORITE [mImnwDLK4VU].txt ===

Nobody say it. Nobody say it. Nobody say it. Soon as we step out the cage, we raise another mistakes. May no mistake. Eat that you stand your place or we put in you want to play. Look at our face, we put the fear in the dirt. We add the struggle for change. Pick up the pace, we put the infinite world. That's why we stay in the pain. We're on a lake, we moving onto the next. You still been stuck in the face. We're on a lake, we're on a lake, we're on a lake, we're on a lake. We say it straight to your face, they're on the rate. To whip with the team on our back. We took the city to stay, what is going to take? Another S on our chest. Another beating of grain, we win a fight. We always want to eat up. They get predict what we say. Come out the cave, they see the blood on our show. They see the teeth in the face, they watch his head. They try to figure a result. They think we came in a play, they see his face. They try to give us a close. They want a second of pain. But that's okay. We keep on dodging the ball. We keep on seeing the lay, blocking the way, thinking we've lived in reverse. But we keep us in the cave, stopping the rain, we know they sit on the throne. It's looking easy to take, we're not afraid, we put the fear in that bones. Ain't no one running away, you've been trying to trace, they try to follow what steps. They try to copy your way, what is your pain, that's why they keep giving curve. You've got to stay in your lane, they want a crane, that we not keep on the work. They're losing minimum wage, doors and craze, why you can't see the teeth, that anxious, open the cage. We just got done with the pre-judging at the Pittsburgh Pro. Amazing competition. Everybody looks great, right now it looks like the top four. We have Nick, Derek, William, Martin, and the top four. I believe it's really, really close. I think that Derek has just a little bit off, but he looked like a few Arnold's still a fantastic. Nick, I think this is all time faster. Again, this is a dodge bite, I think it's going to be about to show tonight the finals. We're going to see what happens, but it's going to be a great, great show, and not wait. I'm a stand that they stop, they will stand for your friends. They must be. They're jumping around and I start a swim, keeping the jungles of drinking demons, fighting in my vina coliseum, studied in their head and talking with me. That's why your two will be made at B-Fight, with someone else who was probably B-Gun, touched me and lose at B-C, we're feeling fine. Touch me and watch out to you. Let's go, but soon as you have the nerve to try to accept to me, I was snatch it, turned the meta-fist, press that, let us snatch it, earthy trying to breathe, they see how to ask for words, we don't repeat, I'm not getting a chance from her, but once again, the ball is afraid to wear the teeth, the sound of the horn, the horn, the horn, the star is what's at your face, the mass corals. If you come here and listen to the star, you'll be dead at B-Fight, with someone else who was probably B-Gun, touch me and lose at B-C, we're feeling fine. Touch me and watch out to you. Let's go, but soon as you have the nerve to try to accept to me, I was snatch it, turned the meta-fist, press that, let us snatch it, earthy trying to breathe, they see how to ask for words, we don't repeat, I'm not getting a chance from her, but once again, the ball is afraid to wear the teeth, the sound of the horn, the horn, the horn, the star is what's at your face, the mass corals. If you come here and listen to the star, you'll be dead at B-Fight, with someone else who was probably B-Gun, touch me and watch out to you. Let us snatch it, earthy trying to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, they see how to breathe, when the heart gets sore, Kasoy says he's definitely drowns out after his Fear. We have some pros and cons around him here and he's perpendicular to the heart, There is a very interesting show in there. What are you talking about? It is as famous as utilis EHU has your perfume. If you collect everything, it won't give you the success of the button. version of Nick yet, thought he looked fantastic. Again, very, very good look for Nick. And I think that Derek looked amazing. I think he was just a little bit devolving him as a bit versus the Arnold where I thought it was that it was best. And now it's going to be an amazing Olympia. So, but until then, next week we have New York Pro from what I understand, we got Nick doing it. We got to see who also is planning on jumping in to try to qualify for the Olympia, but it was an amazing show. And as you guys all saw, very, very close. So, tell me what you think and tell me what you had winning the show in the comments below. Guys, I'm here with Leslie, right after the show. Who do you think in the opening class? What did you think? I thought Nick Walker. Okay. You saw a lot of people, I hear the buzz. Yeah. A lot of people thought that. Because I honestly, like Derek maintained what he had at the last competition. So, we, again, that was an incredible show. I looked incredible. But Nick Walker was better than ever who might be more mass. His presentation was top notch. His confidence was really there. Conditioning was great. So, I was like, okay, I think I did Nick beforehand. I thought Derek would win one for short, but when I saw them both, I thought Nick would win, but, you know, this was a very as you heard. It was a tie. So, it was super close. When I, I thought myself that Nick, I had never seen that before when he had said that it was a tie. Yeah. And then we're doing that tie breaker at the very end. They brought him back out, which is crazy because you never see that. And so, let's talk about class. Yeah. So, class, what do you think? Again, I thought, host of that would have won it one. You know, I'm just being honest. Rough diesel. Yes. He has the better aesthetics. Better flow. The better posing. Right. But, host of not to need. He was bigger and more conditioned. And he had a very good presentation as well. So, I thought he had a little bit more points over rough diesel. But rough diesel has that classic physique, act factor that you can't really, you know, put it towards, but you can see it. I think that's the reason why he won over host of them. Yeah. So, it looks like in both divisions, we had aesthetics, went over mass, and conditioning in terms of that would be good. So, again, lots of buzz coming out of here. A lot of people, especially in the open, a lot of Nick fans out there, but the end of the day, again, little bit.

=== FILE: 2025 S2 Expo  Trentwins, Live Physique check and more!!! [LGm8SaEAmQ4].txt ===

Alright guys, we are on our way. Last night we had Kevin and Aaron in our facilities managers, big 60th birthday and then had to get up early and we're flying to Kansas City to the S2 event. So, I need this to say I will be trying to sleep on this plane because I didn't get much the plus night but we're going to fly out from Dallas here. Two Kansas City go see Jeff and Aldi S2 boys out there, have a good time and then fly back all in the same day and because that's how we go. Alright guys, just got to Kansas City, we're in the Hoover. So, took that 7am flight, got up at 4.30am, got to the DFW airport, landed it in KC. So, we're in Kansas City now and the event starts in half an hour and we are 13 minutes away. So, we're actually going to be about 10 or 15 minutes early, which is fantastic. We got our boy Mike Savorino's going to be there for the Evision booth and can't wait to see everybody. I believe the trend twins will come in today too, which is going to be great to see them again and have a see them since the last young LA event and we're going to be able to have a really good time. So, this one is going to be in and out but we're going to have this much fun as possible and really enjoy it and be present because normally what I like to do is be able to meet with everybody here but he's story and once in a while, guys I like to take off the shirts and we'll do a little with the Zcheck, give a little bit of a little bit of feedback on that and then possibly even do a podcast with Jeff and Kyle and then get back on a plane and head back. So, it's going to be fun. Alright guys, we just got to the S2 event here in Kansas City, Missouri. The line has already formed and we're going to go in there, get with everybody and we might even rate some physics because some people messaged me and said hey can you take a look? Absolutely. So, for those of you that always ask, I'm always down to rate a physique at any of these events, it's always fun and I can get some feedback. So, it's good day in there and let's meet some people and let's have some fun. Yeah, I still need to see what's we got. You guys ready? Yeah! Yeah! Come on guys up in, because you're to see everybody. Yeah! Oh, I'm appreciate it. Oh my god, let's do this. Let's get us ready. What's up guys? We're going to go ahead. We go hard with a little bit of a new. Maybe P3D, right? Two of the new flavors that we had just dropped, one, Iseject, blueberry muffin and the second flavor was the salted caramel Iseject. Those two have gotten ready for a review. I really like that people were going to get these such an intel feedback on that one and then when it comes to the pre-workout, the new great flavor has been fire. It's got that welchest taste, but it's really, really not over the street that it tastes chemical. So it came to 3D extreme as well as amino cams. So we can have it seen that yet. That was been absolutely not sell it right now for us and it's available. So make sure you go check it out online. You're the only one. You're the only one. You're the only one. I want to try to do you or you're here to meet your enemy. That's also what you're doing? Okay, look nice and you're here. I'm trying to show right now, I'm up now. Oh, how many months? One month. Perfect. That's the best way to do it. Make sure you do both the visions and then you can decide kind of where you sit. That's my coach saying. Yeah, that's it. Then what's the most case of life you would give me for putting on more most of the events and trying to save me at the same time? Honestly, just make sure that you don't have to be at a calorie deficit, just make sure that you're eating the proper macros, get your protein in every 2 to 3 hours. Make sure that you're also doing plant cheats. Don't do cheap days, do cheap meals and make sure that you document everything so you can be able to see what you look like versus what you're eating in a notebook. If you do that, then you're right there. And you're just concentrating on getting stronger. If you get stronger, you're going to continue to keep getting bigger. If you just pick up on those three core things, you're best ready. Amen. Thank you. You're welcome. All right, for stubborn upper chest, because I need a little, like judges said, I need a little, obviously felt better. You're a lot more. Like obviously incline. You're like incline dumbbell presses. Incline, you get a bench. You're set or like not really just like, no, it's for like, you can just absolutely slow, it holds any of that slower like, the slower repetitions. But also grab a bench, put it in the cable crossover machine, right? And then do cable flies with that. FST-7 style, 30 to 45 seconds to red. All right. And then do that with the cables. It's going to work fantastic. All right, thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. Thank you, brother. Keep it up. We'll be right up there, too. I'll just turn it off. I'll just turn it off. 18. You're a baby. Yeah, you got the world ahead. Don't waste it, though. Okay? Don't waste it. Every day is a blessing. I'll probably make a sure. Yeah. Stay in a mozzarella. Keep rolling. Go to my dad's very. That's awesome. It's a great medium. Very easy to get. I did your thoughts on increasing event. Sure. Like, um, from, I'm at like 175. I've kind of just been stuck around there for like three, four months. I'm just wondering, like, how can I increase it? So are you bringing the reps down? I'm up there. FST-1, on vents. Yeah. I'm here up here. You're doing? Um, probably like six days. Yeah. So I would bring down three to five and then go down three to five and make sure you cycle in three to five because again, in body building six to eight will help you get bigger. But if you're trying to really increase your weights, you're going to have to do three by five. There's a lot of guys that focus on this that I would recommend you use that you can go on YouTube and they're much better than I am. I'm about getting bigger. I'm not really working on just particular bench strength. But all I have to say is most guys will tear a pector in bench so as your age, make sure you put range of motion, make sure you warm up and then you won't have that problem. Some of the guys get big and then they get strong but then they lose a range of motion and then they'll tear their pector. You'll be able to have not that problem but just make sure you really accentuate the stretch and go all the way down to touch and then back up and then go the three to five rep ranges and work in that three to five then you'll be able to bring your weight up because as you go lower with the reps you'll be able to increase weight. Okay. What's up with me? Nice to meet you. I wanted to ask so I'm like struggling to put on size on my legs. Yeah. What's so much to do? Because right now I'm doing leg growth and start out and then leg. So I just did the video with Julian the 19 year old kid. Follow that program. Thank you man. It's great to meet you guys. Thank you. You can also say welcome to leave a full thing here. I was going to say something. I'm going to call you either. So awesome. No appreciate you. It's work the part of it man. Oh man. Money. What's on it? This is the best signature. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Marks you last now. Did you guys just come out last night? Okay. I just got here and now like about the right start it. I just flew in from Dallas. Hour and a half boom. And then just turn around. I think I'll hold the Texas. Come fucking roll through dude. You can be down as it comes straight. I'm actually my boob there. Come on through man. I'm down. You want a raker for me? Yes. Let's do this bro. Take it off. Let's go. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. You can pee or not yet. I have. And what does he do? I didn't mess with you guy to class. And okay. All right. Let's see your pulvered laks pose. Sorry. Front relax. Okay. Let's go front double bicep. Bring your elbows up. Bring your elbows up. Side chest. Back to the bicep. Back to the bicep. All right. Turn around. Most of us go. All right. All right. All right. All right. We're shooting. Got it. Got it. Got it. You look great. More of a men's physique body. Sure. But you can still use a lot more chest. Right. Dumbell flies, dumbbell presses, especially on the incline. You need to build up your upper chest more than anything. But overall chest development dips, weighted dips. Okay. Forwards. So you can really emphasize the packs. Gonna take a very, very good approach to being able to give you more three Dimensionality. It's right now. Just a little bit flat through the chest. So you'll be able to work on getting your strength out. And then you're going to end up looking at the whole of the person. It looks great. We got it. Nice. All right. What's your name? Taken. Taken. Taken. Taken. We're from. Okay. What's your height and weight? Uh, probably 62 or 62. 22. 22. All right. All right. What's your name? Taken. Taken. Taken. Taken. From. Okay. What's your height and weight? Uh, probably 62 or 62. 22. All right. Let's see your front double bicep. All right. Let's see your front double bicep. All right. Let's see your front double bicep. All right. Two side chests. Good. Turn around. It's your most muscular. Okay. All right. What do you want to compete in? Okay. So you're going to need to continue to build up your upper chest. Okay. So you're going to be able to do really deep dumbbell presses on flat as well as the end client. Make sure you do some really good stretches with doing a cable flies. So yeah, really really good leaning with the cable behind you and really good stretch. Super set that with push ups. Okay. Yeah. Push ups. But now regular push ups push ups with your feet up on the bench. Yeah. Put your feet up on an inclined bench and then hands on the ground and then do that. Super set that with the cable flies. Okay. And work on just continuously trying to work on getting your upper chest stronger. Dumbbell presses. 8 to 10 reps. Okay. Okay. We got it man. Yeah. Yeah. What do you do with this? Yeah. No, let's do it. Everyone. And now it's time to get a little warm outside. Everyone wants to do a physique check. Let's do it. All right. Let's get you in the shade. Right there. We're going to do a front double. Let me see the front double brother. All right. Don't lean back so much. Bring your elbows forward a little bit and then make a fist. There you go. And then turn your wrist back like that. There you go. That's how you do it. Good. Side chest. Okay. Back double. Try to. Okay. Back double. Try to. Okay. Turn around. Most muscular. Most muscular. Okay. So you got to build up your triceps. Okay. Your triceps. So you're going to need to do a closker bench. Build them up. Overhead extensions. And then you're going to do a row behind you and the cable behind behind you. Low. So you're stretching. And then you're extending. That's right. Yeah. Exactly. Like that. Lean forward. Okay. So that closker bench. Skull crushers. Okay. And then. So that's going to help that. Also reverse grip. Stray on a single arm. Yep. Because you want to work on that outer. Okay. Your back. Roll, roll your bow homie. Like bend over rows. The pause. Do one on dumbbell rows. Barbell rows. Watch the video on the Bata Reeves next week. With the 19 year old kid. I trained back. Take some of those tips from that workout. It's going to be on YouTube. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Frontal bicep. Frontal bicep. Okay. How often you train abs? Not really. I'm going to do it. Okay. How often you train abs? Not really. I'm going to do it. Okay. How often you train abs? Not very often. Yeah. I can tell. Make sure you train your abs. Because as lean as you journey get. They're not going to pop unless you train them. You got to train your abs. Side chest. Okay. You see how you're going this way? Get your lat out. There you go. There you go. That's better. Back to the bicep. Back to the bicep. You got to do it. All right. Make sure you do it. Make sure you're doing a lot of pull ups. And making sure you're working on your bent over rows. Overhand grip on barbell as well as underhand grip date or lower that. Okay. Turn around. You see your most muscular. Good. Okay. You need to work on your bicep breaky hours. So make sure you're also doing hammer curl. And make sure you're your triceps. Close grip. Reverse. As well as overhead presses. Okay. You got to really appreciate it. Thank you so much. I count it right before I pull. Okay. I want to get this one thing. I want to dry out. How can I do that? I just want to get one good day. And you dry it out before I pull. That's it. Well, you're going to have to turn around. You're going to taper your water. Okay. But you got to make sure you carve up a bar. We're hand. You're going to make sure you're faster. You're going to have to turn around. You're going to taper your water. Okay. You're going to have to make sure you're faster. You're going to have to do some extra fats in there to say full. Like a little extra and red meat. Two meals a day on that one. And then you need to make sure that as you taper your water, that you get pumped up. Take the photos. And then start over. All right. That sounds good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You don't want to do that. Don't worry. No. Don't worry. No. You're good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Great. Great. Good. Good. Good. elbows in all the way down, causes the very bottom, last three last two working sets, do three all the way down, causes for the last three reps of the last two working sets. So if you do two working sets, let's say, then the last three reps, three second pauses on the bottom. Yeah, if the building up is lower, yeah, you're trying steps look good, you're trying steps look good, you're just going to keep building up your chest and then you want to keep building up your abdomen. So that way you're leaning up, you just don't have enough muscle and then you can just turn on and be able to pop. I got my first show on October and so. So you better get going, yeah, it's good though. Back to all the lessons. Back to all the lessons. So your hands are too high up, you're covering up your chest, bring your hands a little bit lower and do it again. No, start where you were like you're doing a cable fly, squeeze your pecs and then come together. That's better. There you go. Squeeze, chest one, more check. That's it. There you go. Much better. Yeah, yeah, it's definitely like your best post, but in your back looks good. Just continue to keep building up the width of your bicep because on the front it looks bend but it looks better when your front double bite. So that means you got to work with a bricchi-alice. Hammer curls. Hammer curls, doing spider bench. Spider bench. Thank you sir. I appreciate that. That's a bit just. That was nice. That was good. Yeah. That was good. Good. Good. Really good. Relax. That looks really good. Just continue to keep doing what you're doing. The back is going to roll development looks really good, but just because you have such a long back just continue to keep doing those rows, especially when I'm done double rows and do them up to your upper rib cage. And then flip block between upper rows and then low rows where you're going lower to your hip. You do a low hip at one under both and then switch it up and go higher and cheer up on the lift. And up row we talk about from the move. No. I'm talking about right here. One under both row. That way. Yeah. So from here and then also down here. I appreciate your work. There's these one. There is some of my stuff on the menu. So if I'm going to get up my summers to do pre for sunlight or several people, where there's seaball, hotty, direct, all of your about the time. What am I going to do? And then I had Andre and I had a couple of other people that was coaching and they all like to do their summer shows. I lose my summer because I'm just sleeping my phone. I've already got a vision. We're growing. It's not like I need this for money. I don't even get paid. When you're my athletes, it's part of the contract that I do it for them for free. People think I get a percentage of their pay. I don't. They make $5400,000 or $1,000 or now $750,000 be the amount. I'm not even doing that. It's just to help them and then in direct it does help my brand sure. But what part of my soul is being sold in regards to my time? I guess we just got done with S2. We did the meat and gree. We did a bunch of rare physics. So a lot of people came in and was doing disease checks. They want to know what I think of their physique. But also giving them pointers on exercises to fill in those gaps. So it was an amazing turnout. Absolutely, next level. I've done several of these and I've never seen one so, so busy. So congrats to Kyle and Jeff and the guys over S2. They did a bang up job promoting it. Just the whole staff is always so professional and easy to work with. And the great thing about it is that I'm looking forward to the next one. And for those of you that are coming out to any of my events, what I am doing is doing these right your physique and like kind of physique checks. And so if you're interested in it and you're want to come over to a picture but also get quick looking a little assessment by all means. Let's go ahead and do it. And overall it's been a great day. The long one. Guys, hang out for just a minute or two with the trend wins. There was jammed up as well. They were having a good time and we ended up doing the podcast with Jeff and Kyle as well. So that's awesome. We'll go ahead whenever that goes live. I'll be putting that on my Instagram as well. Really good conversations regarding the origin stories but also we started talking a little little bit about it. Also the Olympia coming up and also just when it comes to having that iron flat mentality and how to be able to get through adversity. So again, it's always a great conversation with these guys. So let me know in the comments below what you like about the physique checks or what you'd like to see different regarding these vlogs because as I'm on the road, I'm going to be doing more of these. I want to hear what you guys want to see because I want to be able to connect as much as possible. I do so much and sometimes I overlook what somebody else might actually appreciate. So put it in the comments below and I appreciate you all. Thank you so much for all the love and Mike at Division Booth. You crushed it once again. Appreciate you as well. Oh, and do not forget like, comment and subscribe. Turn on your notifications and don't forget to share.

=== FILE: 2025 Texas Pro with 25x Olympia Winning Coach Hany Rambod [K1MCRGRFHR4].txt ===

Alright guys, today is the final date for the FST 7 transformation contest. If you want an accountability tool that's going to allow you to be the best for yourself, we are doing the last day of signups today, August 10th. So at midnight tonight is the last time you can sign up $49, you get a chance also to win $5,000. So if you are really, really competitive and you want a chance to win the 5 grand awesome, but if you just want an accountability tool and I'm going to do it myself, we have the staff at EVEGIN do it, we have a bunch of members on FST 7 that are great signed up, but you get a chance to be able to be accountable and want to take you through a week by a week training, nutrition, supplementation guide to be able to create accountability and give you guys the tools so that you can do your own prep. You don't have to begin written for the Mr. Olympia to be your all-time best. You can start off with starting the six-week challenge. So go ahead, go to honyramblog.com and click the link to be able to sign up, but you have to sign up by 10 night. So again, Sunday, right now, midnight, it's over, so the last chance, but I hope you enjoy the video. Love y'all. Music At the 225 Texas Road, we're getting ready for the Mansour open division. Yes, the winner of this division is going to get in bite to the Olympia. Let's go back there and let's see how these guys look. All right guys, this is going to be amazing and here with Kim Shepherd and we got Martin Fitzwater, honey ramblog here and we are ready to go. This is going to be a little bit of a rematch of last week. So we are going to turn around and see if there's any dark horses that are going to get up in the top five. Obviously the winner of this is going to get in bite to the Mr. Olympia. This opened division is going to be stuck. Sound ofescheverway Glitches and hor presikt potatoes from a and George and obviously this is the William Ashford they were talking about. Everybody wanted to see him make a match, work in this city, thank you gentlemen. What's the new like they did? They got a bunch of titles in the guy's files. Alright guys we just got done with creature hunting. Again it's a battle that looks like it's a rematch between Clinton and Jordan. You had Joe that's in the mix you also have it. George and George, who just definitely was better than he did the previous week in Tampa. So again this is a battle that's going to be rewarded by the C.V. able to see who can be able to eat out whether the twinner in Tampa is going to win again or if there's going to be a new winner who's going to be able to also go to the Olympia if they couldn't control it off. So we're going to have to see everything is so close they're going to definitely be judged the other half of this tonight. Sorry. Alright we are ready to roll. Honey are you ready? I am ready this is going to be amazing we know that there's a battle win in the world. We're going to have a confirmation round right now and we got to top five. Actually top six. We got brutal on the end. We got Clinton in the middle along with Jordan. Jordan is the right. We got Joe on one side and John on the other. Jordan still looks rocked out. It looks very, very hard, very dry. It's putting this a little fuller and he looks like he's definitely got more detail. He's trying to get him in the middle. He's trying to get him in the middle. He's trying to get him in the middle. He's trying to fade at the end and now his chest and shoulders are back. Now the question is is it going to be enough? Let's see. We got Jordan still looks phenomenal and the judges are literally sitting like about 10 meters away from a 20 30 feet away from these guys. They're right underneath them. So this is where the practice really be a major factor versus the other shows when they're sitting further back and then where we are right now. They're taking their time from this confirmation round. Hopefully that's his baby. It is time to crown a champion. And presented to our fifth plate finisher. And here all the Rockies. I'm here. The fourth plate medal, the check for $2,000 and presented to our fourth plate finisher. Sean Shoe wins. So John Joy is on fourth place. So we got the top three now. Clinton, Jordan and Joe. The third plate medal, the check for $3,000 and presenting to our third plate finisher. And at this time, ladies and gentlemen, if we can get the center of the stage, Jordan Hutchinson and Joe Polosios. And the third one is Joe. Again, Joe was coming up with a lot of momentum. Did he have enough to be able to? Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to announce the winner to the second place runner up. Willer CV second place medal at a check for $9,000. Yes. Place team, the first place trophy. The first place check for $15,000. The exclusive won't have back. And the only important ticket to the $20,000 kisser Olympia to our winner. And $20,000,000,000,000. Texas, Pro-A-Champion. Sean. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And Joe. And I'm here with none other than Andrew Jack, the three-time Texas Pro-Champ. He just came in to support the show. Brother, you're looking at his biggest house just flew in from Dubai. And are you here now for all the way into the Olympia? Yeah, over you. All true until after the Olympia. OK. Yeah. I was supposed to come in September. OK. Well, then I realized it's called the sixth anniversary. I'm not like, no, so I have to like, back to the eighth. Everything. And I came sooner. And I wanted to surprise them. I made a mistake. I uploaded on my story about a Texas Pro-Champ. And Freddie, he's called he, he's a male. That's something we're looking at. Yeah, so he caught my name. I'm like, yeah. So yeah. That's it. What you think about tonight, Brother? What do you think? You know, how did you have the play six? Awesome. Awesome. 100% I can't dispute the judges. I'll just decide it was a, like, they made a right call. I'll do absolutely a walking progress, but I mean, yeah, like, Jordan, down. Down, down. Yeah. I agree. I agree. What do you think about Quinn? What do you think he needs to do to be able to kind of get to that next level? Quinn Tim. I think we, we quite a late have the same problem. Because of the issues, height and the size. Right. So and in visual, get more drier, incorrectly, definitely, it's literally a good first. I never think of a right-hand start. Firebot. I think he needs to sit down properly with his coach. They'll go to the drawing board and get some adjustment. And put him on track. Because basically what you're talking about is the fact that when someone your size, okay, both of you, right, you're so big that if you end up pulling a little too much, you're going to start losing body parts. What's the body part? Right. So that's why you have to balance it out without, because if you try to get shredded, you're going to lose your legs. And that's what you've got to be careful of. Yeah, I agree. I think both, you know, a lot of people who are watching this don't realize, you know, these guys that are six foot plus, they end up losing those body parts if they try to pull down too hard. So it's a balancing act. So at the end of the day, you know, you got to talk, I promise. Oh, I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. Honestly, because after, after we put in the hard rug, I flip up the frame and then just a little bit of tweaking. It's all, it's all gone, it's all gone, it's all gone. I mean, it is, it is what it is. Now, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, okay, so what are we going to see this year from you? What are you, you know, give me an idea just a little bit of what is going to be different coming this Olympia? I'm still working. I'm still putting things done according to the drawing board. So, I'm still working on the map we have in the drawing board. So we'll see. Okay. So now you're here all the way to Olympia. You're going to set up camp in the states. Yes, sir. So no more going back to Dubai all the way until Vegas. Yes, sir. Okay, awesome. Awesome. So guys, if you want to make sure, if you're not following them, you're under a rock. Make sure you go over following them on Instagram. Just put an out tenant good content on there. And again, congratulations to Freddie and the whole team. They did an amazing job, the whole crew. So again, fifth year, next year, are you going to come back? Well, Texas, bro. What was it? I'm Miss my inch of you though, which is so, I'm Miss my inch of you. My son was starving. He was starving because he's training now. He's training. He says he's going to interview with the Olympia. Yeah, yeah. So he can't really, can't really was starving. So he's like, man, I'm losing my job. He's like, he gains, he's saying. He literally, he trained two hours today. So he's getting ready for football, football starts, school starts. So here in Texas next week. So again, he's looking forward to the Olympia as well. He will be backstage doing interviews like he did last year. So with you guys and see if I'm in everybody else. Just doing what's amazing. Amazing, guys. Yeah, he loves you guys. He loves, he's like, again, he bleeds this stuff. So again, he's, thank you for all the support. NPC, IFBB, everyone out there. We will see you in nine weeks at the Mr. Olympia. Yes, sir.

=== FILE: 25X OLYMPIA WINNING COACH RATES Hussein Farhat's Physique [lgJAMPf42ek].txt ===

What's up guys? We are back doing another rate your physique. So today We're going natty or not and I have an athlete who says he is So we're gonna go ahead and take a page out of the natty textbook with who sane Farhot who sane I believe he's around 23 years old There's some videos with him and Julian Greg Deussette I believe also there was Jeff Nipperd had just done a video with him as well some other natural athletes now What I want to go ahead and I'll let you know at the end whether I do think he's natural or not But let's go ahead and let's talk about this gentleman here I believe he's around 23 years old. I believe he's around five foot 10 Lebanese descendant great physique and what he did do was I believe that end of last year He competed in In classic as well as men's physique. So the picture I have up right now We have him in his men's physique shorts. So we're gonna go ahead and start there and but we're gonna also Kind of go a little bit back and forth between the two divisions because I believe he did both of these at the same show I believe it was the King Kong classic all right So we're gonna go ahead and break down his physique see the strong points talk about the weaker points that he could work on and Let's go ahead and let's rate this physique piece by piece with the breakdown first Let's go ahead and let's start with a little bit of the strengths So we're gonna go ahead and put those in green Good arms I really like his arms arms look really really good there Also, so it bicep tricep in the green shoulders in the green really good with he's got good chest So again looking at not just separation Development shoulders bicep tricep that all looks really good Also my eyes are drawn to that small tight waist which is exactly what you want to see whether you're doing classic or you're doing men's physique in the board shorts So again that really small waist I see some definition all through the Obleaks that looks really good the abdominal area The abs are popping which is what you want to see now Also, he's got good traps again some guys they overdeveloped their traps and actually makes him look narrow I think his positioning and his actual posing is really good and he's grunching down Not everybody can pull that off when you crunch down sometimes you lose your chest He's doing a good job keeping that waist really really tight But he's also keeping the shoulders nice and wide and even though he's got really developed traps Those are not making him look narrow some athletes have big traps and then they make him look extra narrow So that's not the case with him. He's also got a longer neck that helps with that because if you have a short neck Then we're gonna end up having a lot of discrepancies in terms of like the symmetry because if you notice guys It have really big arms or don't have a lot of width and up looking more narrow guys with big traps the same way And if you have big traps and big arms, then it makes you look extra narrow So again bodybuilding is an illusion, but I think he's done a really good job shoulder to waist ratio looks good everything else now again He doesn't have huge calves, but you don't need to have huge calves, but you can tell he's training him So I really like to fact that you can see that they're full So exactly what you want to see Developed legs many people do not do legs when they do men's physique You can tell he does that's why he's also doing classic so again you can see you can see his quads They're pushing you're not looking for crazy striations in this class But you do want to see that you have that lower leg Fulness because when things are close that will make a difference if it's really close between you and another competitor They're gonna make sure that you have those full fuller legs especially right below the thigh when it comes to the mid-shorts So you want to be able to show a little bit of that leg now Again, you have to be careful though because if your legs are too big You can make your upper body small because of the lack of symmetry, but also if you end up hitting your weight cap So you have a different weight cap as a pro versus an amateur and if you're a bottom heavy that can hurt you Especially if you're hitting your weight cap and you have some gigantic legs But usually the opposite is the case with men's physique guys, but he's got a good balance. He's got a good symmetry that looks good Now what would I want him to improve on is something that is coming out in a couple of people mentioned this on post that I did see was whether or not he's got Gino now Yes, he does have a little bit of swelling through the nipple and That can take off from your physique being judged so the judges will take away points It depending on how bad it is and Depending on the lighting depending on sometimes some athletes they get flat and they have gynautel now is the gynau From drug use It could be or it could not be because just because you have gyna doesn't mean you've done drugs Because a lot of kids as they're going up they hit puberty and they can get gynaut just from that But also some people that as experimenting with poor hormones can also gain gyna and that ends up becoming that hard tissue right under the nipple That as you lean out doesn't go away So which one is that from all that you know at the end what my thoughts are But for now that is something that could make a difference as he's going to keep competing if he continues to develop his chest And that's still there it might be something he may have to address But overall great physique the biggest thing that I see is that just that that nipple is a bit swollen So you're gonna have to keep an eye on that because it could become problematic as he continues his career But overall really nice physique all right now let's go ahead and go on to the back pose. Let's see how his back looks Okay, good all who's saying so we're gonna go in We're gonna throw a little bit of picture magic here and now I'm gonna go ahead and start off where what I think he needs to work on right off the bat We have a little bit of asymmetry it looks like going on into that left lat it looks like his right lat is a bit Fuller through here versus just a little bit of flatness on that left and you can see just underneath that Terry's right through there And that upper lat area how that right pops out a little bit more is it opposing issue Possibly because I'm not there at the show, but it could also be a development issue What would I suggest for him being able to fix that is a lot of single arm one arm pull downs using a Dehandle or if you're using a panodapiece of equipment or anything that's an ISO piece of equipment on that left hand You can go ahead and pull that down and I would use not only an overhand grip But I would also use a neutral or even a reverse grip to really hit those lower lats to be able to really get those to fire Especially on that left side because it looks like that right side is a bit Fuller and a little more developed again could be the posing but from what I'm seeing here It just seems like it's just a little bit of asymmetry and it's a little bit off It's also the reason why I think that is if you notice here through his rear delts his right rear delts looks more developed than his left and because of that area right there You can see how big versus a little bit smaller those rear delts are on the left side versus the right side So it looks like it's compensating So again, I feel like that's from what I'm seeing I'm not gonna be 100% if I send the less I saw him in person But it's something that comes to mind now again What I also want to work on is working continuously build up that inner back Rose to grow love the rose whether it's one-armed-dumbbell rose combination of barbell rose machine rose That's going to help making sure the peak contraction Obviously he's working hard. He's got good genetics as well and he's made a lot of improvements from what I've seen So he's gonna just have to continue that but what I do like are the arms if you notice not only are they're nice and lean But he's also got some good separation He's got some good muscle fullness through those triceps looks really really good from there But once again, I'm a person that's going to break down that physique So I'm constantly going okay great arms look good from behind rear delts look good I would like to create that a little bit of more symmetry through the rear delts But also keeping that back fuller getting that back wider another thing would just constantly work on being doing pull-ups Reverse grip pull-downs are gonna work really really well When it comes to overall back development on top of the rose now onto the lower body Just continuing to work on those calves he has him you can tell he's working them But just continue to keep working on those calves you can never have calves too big in my opinion Especially when they're not super super genetically gifted athletes So continue to keep working on those calves because it is something that they are gonna judge if things are close as well as the legs Now one final thing I want to talk about is his conditioning I think his conditioning is really good especially for a natural show now if he could get his lower back Just a little tighter on the next show that'd be awesome But again looks really really good feel like if he just fills up his back He's gonna do even better. I believe he placed around fifth or sixth at this show In this particular division now before I move on to going to his classic physique poses I do want to remind everybody that the FST 7 transformation challenge is about to launch So if you're looking to be the best version of yourself then take on the six week FST 7 challenge and for $49 I give you full access to training nutrition as well as motivational weekly updates to be able to help you get to your best ever In the first place transformation challenge winner will receive $5,000 August 11th I'm going to be starting that challenge So go to honeyrambod.com to get more information looking forward to seeing you guys all in the challenge So back to right your first All right, let's go ahead and start off with a front double We have a very artistic front double for his front double here that we were able to take from the internet He's doing a single arm I Really good pose on him. I want to be able to break this down. Let's go ahead and let's start off with all of the great things that we're seeing in his physique here Also looks like he tightened up a bit now posing itself is going to be able to show off a lot more But first thing that I see is a huge plus or the abs the abs look fantastic second thing is these awesome arms his arms look great again Lot more detail through here. I love that looks really good and for those of you that do two classes I do want to give you a bit of advice Sometimes you end up getting the nerves out so I wouldn't be surprised if he did men's physique first and then He jumped in into classic where he got a little bit of nerves out because sometimes when you do that whatever You do second tends to do better now do some people flatten out if they go from one to the other Absolutely, but sometimes you end up peaking and then you end up beating one guy in one class That you didn't beat in the other and you want to know why well It's because sometimes just the nerves themselves or you just had a really good pump backstage And then your nerves were able to subside and then you were able to get that fuller drier look that you were looking for So again, he looks fantastic here the other thing that I really like is the fact that he Has great great stage presence like he's looking up in the sky He's like the gods have gifted me with some good genetics I'm looking up there he's got that smile and that smart going on so he knows he looks good All right guys, we're gonna go into the next pose We we can see his legs where he has a ab thigh pose So let's go ahead all right really good separation looks really good You can see his hip flexors you can see the outer quad that passes lateralist media Alice everything Nice and separated Cabs are poppin which I really really like again small small waist Really good detail nice phones and arms. I actually look at the arms on the ab thigh pose That's why I like athletes who flex their arms when they have their hands behind their head because it does fill in the gap between Your arms and your head so it's really really important But a lot of really good stuff going on here so again Conditioning looks really really good. He's gonna continue to work on being able to get even more condition as he seasons the new muscle But everything looks really good on that end now. What could he improve on here? Let's talk about that So from here what I would like to see is his lats And you got a little bit of a red background here, but his lats being a bit bigger I'd like to see more of a V-taper So as he builds those lats up he's gonna have more V-taper So his conditioning is good, but if he can create more V-taper by having a wider back That's gonna be fantastic. That's the biggest thing that I see obviously he can't always be bigger He's gonna continue to grow. There's a lot of good things happening with his physique But it's gonna make his waist look even smaller if he can continue that V-taper So I'm gonna go ahead and go into blue only because of the fact that The background was already red, but if he can create more of that V-taper again Building the back a lot of pull ups pull downs being able to do rows are gonna continue to fill in with thickness But just being able to just continuously build and develop that V-taper by building that back is gonna give him much more of That hourglass look that we're looking for big sweep from the legs smaller waist big back All right, we're gonna go on to the next pose back double biceps So let's look at what he has going on here. Okay, again, what I like the arms shoulders look really good I can see the quads from the back really really like that and again You can see the conditioning that's going on in his terries his traps his you know His inner back looks good Now what do we need to work on what we've been talking about is which is let's get that back bigger Let's really work on getting that back again I'm gonna go to blue so that you guys can see it but that blue here V-taper here Continue to build the back and also glute hamstring could be a bit tighter again Not every guy is gonna go out there and get stride of glutes But if he can continuously build that glute hamstring and just really dial in the lower body conditioning It's gonna be even more impressive and I think he's gonna do that as he starts to get more muscle maturity But overall really nice good job holding his pose just needs to continue to keep building up the back for better V-taper That we talked about and then getting a little bit of conditioning dialed in for that glute ham insertion Okay, now I kept the best for last guys We went into the side chest pose so side chest We are gonna go ahead and break this down and Let's talk about these really nice things. I see shoulders look really good really like his chest Striated he's got that nice fullness. It's going all the way up into the collarbone which I really like So he's not only got conditioning, but he's got that fullness I'm also seeing conditioning on the opposite shoulder Which my eyes are always drawn to when I'm judging a physique I like to tricep the fullness and separation conditioning really nice bicep peak You can see from the side when I say peak what I'm saying is that you can see the fullness of the bicep from the side not the same peak Is what you I normally think about when you're doing a front double bicep But as you notice here you can see really nice fullness and separation into the bicep break-yallus that looks fantastic and then you're looking at His inner costal slash of bleaks that there's a bleaks just are really firing looks really really good He's got some really good Dice weep from the side so that's really nice diphonus Little bit more here on the hamstrings so on that area I would like to see the hamstrings a bit bigger a little more conditioning on the glute eventually Good conditioning on the cab that looks nice But overall the only other thing that I'm gonna close this off with is Right here which is there a little bit of that guy knows showing so again Depending on how bad that looks as he grows He may need to get that taking care of now some of you're gonna ask now Do I think he's natural or not? Absolutely I do think he's natural. I do not think he is taking drugs I think that chances are again I don't know 100% but again if I was a betting man I would say he's natural. I would say that what had happened is some point as his Developmental growth happened during teenage years you end up having hormones spikes and lots of times that can happen now have I seen natural guys who've taken pro hormones that have occurred? Absolutely I have seen that as well I'm not saying that he's done that and I do know that he's done some drug tested events or he's done drug tested types of shows on YouTube where they've drug tested them or not But I do think that it's one of those things where he does need to address it at some point if it gets worse as he builds It could or it could not sometimes it just takes care of itself because the muscles end up just kind of Inveloping around it and it doesn't become as bad it doesn't look as bad anyways So again that tissue doesn't tend to just go away It just sometimes just doesn't look as bad and some people just say you know what? I don't want it. I just want to go in there and get that fixed. It's up to the athlete But do I think he's natural? I do think he's natural But if you're coming up as an athlete and you're gonna take pro hormones Whether you want to consider yourself natural or not I do think that you have to be careful because even pro hormones or anything that sometimes you can buy online There's not considered an a quote unquote drug is still very drug like and depending on who you ask It is a drug but You can it can cause you Gino so be very very careful because it's a painful surgery and a costly surgery But overall I think he's got a great physique now again I'm gonna figure out exactly how many natty cups do I think that who saying is on a scale from one to ten ten being like absolute perfection I honestly think he's an eight point eight when it comes to natty cups I think he looks really really good But I do give him an eight point eight for an amateur Natty individual maximizing his Personal genetic potential think he looks good I think he's gonna continue to fill in that frame and congratulations to him on all his success and again Let me know who you'd like to see on the next rate your physique honey ram bod 25-time Olympia winning coach I know

=== FILE: 25X OLYMPIA WINNING COACH RATES LARRY WHEELS PHYSIQUE [fwXOaPKtSts].txt ===

Welcome to the next episode of Rate Your Physique. I'm your host, Honier Rambot, 25-time Olympia winning coach. And I'm here to break down an influencer, a power lifter, and all around not just a great bodybuilder, but someone who's been able to do many, many different disciplines within the bodybuilding community while being a huge influencer, none other than Larry Weels. That's right, I'm going to go ahead and break down his physique. I had a lot of requests in the comments. So we're going to go ahead and take a look at Larry. Larry's about 6-1, I believe last I checked he's about 30 years old. I believe you guys pro-card in men's classic physique in Ireland. If I'm not mistaken, again, 6-1 puts his weight limit in the pro rank. At right around where C-bomb was at 242 at the maximum. So I'm guessing he was about between 225-230 and 240 when he got his pro card. And what we're going to do is we're going to break down each one of these poses. And you guys let me know what you think of Larry. Alright, we're going to go ahead and start with the first pose, Ab thigh. Let's talk about the good things that I like seeing here. Look at his taper. He's got a really nice taper. Very nice waist, great v-taper. Good lats. So he's got the v-taper from the top right underneath right where the tears are and right in the upper lat area. You can tell he's been doing those pull downs pull ups. Now he's got the nice v-taper. He's got a good triceps good biceps. So again, starts out on the top looking at their physique on their way down. Love the right leg. That sweep looks really really good. He's a little flat on his left leg, but Jay Cutler had the same issue. Many other bodybuilders have a little bit of asymmetry there. So again, it could be from muscle strains that he's had partial tears. There's a lot of different things that can cause that. But all in all really good shape. Where can he improve? Let's talk about where he can really improve. So Larry, where can you improve? What we can improve on is through the midsection. I would love to see more detail in the midsection. Being a bit drier is going to be able to show much more separation and definition. That is a peaking issue. So again, I know his coach Ryan, they're going to do whatever they can to try to peek him perfectly, but you could never always be 100%. But if he can create more separation and dryness, he's going to have more of those blocked out abs and the areas and his abs are going to show up with much more detail. And then you're going to end up creating a really nice line right where the belly button is. And that's going to be just from the dryness. And then a lot of that detail is going to be accentuated and it really makes that buff-a-zipop. So if he can get that, that's going to go a long way in his next competition. Again, going back to the left leg. Right leg looks good. Left leg needs to be a little fuller, a little bit bigger. We want to focus on that outer thigh sweep. Again, it's not about squatting 6700 pounds. He's a super strong dude. It's about getting some volume with that kind of weight. Maybe lowering it down a little bit. I'd rather be at four plates and doing 15 to 20 reps. Also, lots of front squats are going to help that as well. You used to have Jay Cutler do those. It was a really good thigh in terms of giving you that 3D thigh look, works tremendously well. Hacksquatch work really really well as well. So one of the things that I see there is that if he can build some more of that depth in his quads, that's going to really help with thigh sweep and it's going to help with that bottom of that V-taper, otherwise known as the bottom portion of the axe frame. So as you're looking at everything in there, again, great physique, fill up the legs a bit, a little drier through the mid-section, going to go a long way. All right, now we're going to go on to a back double bicep. Here on the back double bicep, you can see he's got really good size through his back. We're going to go ahead we'll talk about the good points here first and great shoulder width. If you notice how wide he is super wide guy, good arms, that looks really really good. Upper back looks really really good. You can even see his legs from behind which I really like. Where can he improve? Well, what Larry needs to improve is conditioning. So again, between just dieting him down, dialing him in and being able to really nail that conditioning, you're going to get much more detail in that lower back. If that lower back gets leaner, starting out his prep a little bit lighter, we'll go a long way. For those of you that know bodybuilding who've competed before you know, there's only so much body weight you can lose. There's only so much time in that 12 to 16 week prep. You're going to have time to actually lean out properly. If you want to get shredded, you need to start out being leaner. So therefore you can get shredded. But if you start out being just a little tad bit too heavy, you may get lean, but you're not going to get shredded. And that's kind of what I'm seeing here. Maybe start off a little bit lighter with a bit more detail during the diet. I don't think I don't look at this and go man, they messed up the last couple of days. I don't see that. I just see that maybe Larry was just a little too heavy going into that prep. And then if he just lightens it up and gets a little harder, I think it's going to go a long way because he's got a ton of dense muscle from lifting that crazy heavy weight. All he's got to do is clean it up a little bit and then he'll be able to get even more glued hamstring. He's going to get some striations through those glutes. He's going to have even more detail through the hamstrings. And then all that really good muscle that he has built through that heavy lifting throughout all of these years are going to really, really show. And that separation is going to really pay off in spades. So what does he need to change? Really just come in a little bit lighter starting out the program. Get a little leaner, starting out the program. If you took 12 weeks, maybe go to 14 or 16 weeks on the prep or maybe if you started 14 weeks, you can go to 16 weeks and get a little bit leaner in the beginning of the prep and it's going to go a long way. Last thing, caps. Now again, caps are genetics, but if you can do a lot of volume with the cab raises and make sure you're hitting them twice a week, it'll go a long way. See the cab raises for the solius, gastro keeping your legs straight. I think both are important. So don't just concentrate on one. I do like to concentrate on both movements. So again, making sure you're doing four sets, five sets with 15 to 20 reps. Sometimes four straps even 25 reps, it's all about the full range of motion, especially that stretched portion. And then getting full range and making those cabs burn, you're going to feel like they're on fire. Like you poured gasoline all over your lower leg. That's when you know you're going to be able to grow even if you don't have the best genetically gifted cabs like some of us do that or out there. Again, I have decent cabs, but I've seen some athletes I've got crazy cabs in some that look like they're walking on their hands. So again, thank mom and dad if you have them and you should swear them out if they don't, but ultimately they're God given, but you do have to maximize what you have to work with. So do not be lazy about cab training. Just a quick reminder, their FST 7 app has been updated. I just recently put in a couple of new workouts. So if you haven't had a chance to try the FST 7 workout, buy all means, go ahead, check it out. All you get to do is pay $1. That's right for an entire month. You get full access to my FST 7 app. If you do like it, stay on board because I'm constantly in the community forum there, answering questions as well as putting in new content weekly. Use code, honey, yt to be able to get your first month for just a buck. This is one of his strongest poses right here. Front double bicep, awesome peaks right there. Again, I believe he did do a partial tear on one of those arms. If not both from the heavy lifting, but has not taken away, they actually look a little freaky here, but he's got good hamstrings. He's got good hamstrings too, but he's got good triceps, but he's got those crazy freaky bicep peaks. Looks really, really good. Again, love the whiff. Mom and dad did not short change him on that shoulder width. He has got great width. So when you look at the width, you're looking through the shoulders, then you're looking through where the back is. So as you look at that, what you're going to notice is you're going to notice the width through the shoulders, but you're also looking at that crazy v taper in that upper lat. And then you're looking at that great taper in his waist. So again, awesome v taper. Now does he have the X frame? Yes, when it comes to the right leg, he does. When it comes to the left leg, it could be better. Again, could be injuries. There could be some different issues going on with some, some just things that are just not firing. What should he do? Single leg work. So Larry, when you're in there, single leg leg press, single leg extensions, extra reps, extra sets, so that you get proper mind muscle connection. Unilateral machines are going to really benefit you. So make sure you're doing that left leg by itself. Do not just use a machine that's going to have that you're left and right leg. So that way, if your right leg is pushing harder, your left leg will not grow as proportionally as it needs to. So do the left leg by itself, whether it's presses, whether you can turn around and do it even on a single leg press, hacksquat, anything on that left leg to give it some extra stimulus. So you can get that left leg to grow to catch up to the right leg. It would be phenomenal. But again, everything looks fantastic. Really like his front of a bicep. It's actually my favorite shot on him. On to the next pose, we're going to look at the side chest. All right. What could be better? Let's start talking about improvements. Try set from the side. Definitely needs more pop. I would like those delts to pop more. The rear delts, especially bent over a lot of raises, reverse flies get those rear delts even thicker. So he can have even a wider set of shoulders from the side, which you really want are those cannon ball delts. So not only the lateral raises to hit the lateral head, but those bent over a lot of raises to hear that rear delts is going to help tremendously. You can see his chest might be just a bit flat. Looks like they just might have possibly undercarbbed him a little bit, where he was running just slightly flat to be able to not accentuate the muscle fullness or separation, uh, commensurate with his conditioning. Because again, if you know anything about bodybuilding, you could actually look like your out of shape when you're flat or you're just overly dehydrated. So whether you underdrink or um, basically pull fluids too soon or under eat, that can actually show in a form of looking out of shape a little bit. And I think you're seeing that a little bit in this pose. I think he's in a lot better shape than he looks. He just looks a bit flat. Now because of that, he's not having the crazy striations in the size of his legs. His glutes also look just a little saggy in that. You see little bits of cuts, but they're a little bit soft because it's not that muscle is not pushing against the skin. When you end up getting that muscle fullness and then you start to dehydrate a bit, that's when you're going to see really dark, uh, deep detail. So again, it's just those those deep deep lines are going to really really show on that. Same thing with the hamstrings, you're going to have deeper hamstring separation through there as well. When you end up having enough fullness, I just feel like he's just a little soft because of the fact not because he's out of shape, but I just feel like he's just a bit dehydrated or a bit flat. So therefore, I think that's why he's not showing really just that pop that he could be. But again, he's got everything, all the tools to be there. Um, things that I do like, let's go ahead and talk about that real quick. Um, again, the chest is there. We're going to get there. So the chest is all there. That looks really good. You can see striations a little bit forming on the opposite shoulder, but because he's flat, you're not seeing them super, super deep or super separated. Uh, I think you'd even see even more detail through his inner muscles if he was a little fuller believe it or not. And I think that's just something that just they got to work on dialing in. But all in all, great physique, let's move on to the last pose. I'm going to go ahead and go back to his back and talk a little bit more about his back lats bread on this particular pose. I feel that he's underposing this. And what do I mean by that? Well, here, he's got a phenomenal thick back, but he's not showing his lower lats. If he arches his back, okay, this is a posing thing at this point now, is that if he arches his back, sticks his chest up and is able to lift his shoulders, you're going to see much more of these lats spread out and he'll actually show even more with. But because he's clenching down with his shoulders, almost he's going downwards in that angle. What's happening is he's trying to thicken the lats, but what he's doing, he sees not maximizing the width. Now, if he arched his back and was able to pull his shoulders up, you're going to see a tremendous increase in width because he's already wide, but that's what he's really lacking is not just supposing technique. It's just supposing his shoe. That's going to go a long way. So again, arching his back, sticking his chest up and lifting his shoulders up is bringing his lats out, are going to show everything that he's worked so hard for. Now, what is that? Again, you see this, those lower, those rhomboys, the traps, these is that heavy lifting that he does that you've seen him on all of the social media and all his YouTube's lifting that crazy weight. That's what he's built. Now, he's going to be able to show it just a little bit better once he gets his posing down, but really, very, very thick back, great doing rows, doing pull downs. All of those exercises that I've seen him do in his video. He's doing a phenomenal job building that muscle as he dials in that conditioning a bit more and just works on his posing. It's going to go a long way. Again, can he be a little bit better through his legs? Absolutely. And here, and here, he looks a little thin. So again, doing heavy weight with low reps is not going to build up his legs. You got to use that 10 to 15 rep mark. You got to keep that time of attention. I'm a huge believer in that. You guys can go and sit there and argue all the science, all the different techniques, but what's worked for me and my athletes is not five reps, three reps, six reps. It's eight, 10, 15. In that serious, really sweet spot, you're going to get a lot out of that. And if you, I would rather an athlete do 15 to 20 reps with three, 15, then doing four or five plates for five reps. Okay, you will have more muscle gain being able to hit those higher reps with a good amount of weight, then you will doing three to five reps with a super heavy weight. Just remember that. So when you're going to get into that lake press, you're going to go into that hack squat machine or if you're going to get into that under the that squat bar, remember focus on getting volume and weight versus just weight with low volume if you want your legs to grow. So again, it's worked for my athletes for many many years. I think it's going to work for you. I think Larry's got a phenomenal physique. I think I cannot wait to see him refine it as he continues. I love to see him back on stage soon. I'm honey Rambot 25 time Olympia winning coach. Let me know in the comments below where you think his physique is rated in your mind. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to give him a seven point nine. He's got a lot of potential, but he still hasn't met it yet. He's got a lot more room to grow. Get his conditioning dowd in with his coach Ryan. And I feel like he's got a ton more left in the tank. See you in the comments section. Love you all. Honey Rambot. Peace.

=== FILE: 25X OLYMPIA WINNING COACH RATES NECKZILLA's Physique [CukhIWZl4Ns].txt ===

What's up, fam? Here with another episode of Rate Your Fizzi, and I got a really big boy for this one. We got none of them rubyel, masquera. Again, I butcher to his last name, but you know him as next Zilla. That's right, next Zilla. All five foot 11 of him, believe he's right around that 280 pounds on stage way over 300 in the off season. Just coming off of two big wins. We have the 25 flex pro in Italy as well as the Mr. Big Evolution in Portugal. And again, I was with him just about two months ago, month and a half ago in Italy when we were together at Rimmany. He is a person who is extraordinarily huge. When you're looking at huge and super huge, he's definitely super huge. And so we're going to go ahead and we're going to do a physique breakdown. We're going to talk about what we like, what he can continue to improve on, as he's getting ready for the Mr. Olympia competition, come October, and being that he is qualified, so congratulations to him on that. And do one of these super nice guys. Next Zilla, we're going to go ahead and start off with the front double biceps. Again, he's a monster 511, 280 plus pounds on stage. And we're going to go ahead and talk about the really cool things here. And we're going to put those in green. Obviously, he's got monster monster arms. So if you look at those arms, good bicep, good forms, good tricep, great tricep hang. Looks really, really good. Love the fact that you can see that V taper from the front. I definitely think this is the best look he's ever presented on stage. So very, very happy to see that. Chest looks really good. You can even see a little bit of conditioning coming out of those arms. That looks fantastic. And also, again, when he really is able to pose and hit those poses properly, that waist. That waist looks good. That waist looks really good, especially for how big he is. Legs, monster legs, right? He's just, I mean, that these legs, his quads are absolutely next level. Big calves. He's is a monster. This is a great pose on him. That front double bicep. Again, sometimes he tends to crunch down, sometimes he blows out. I like the way he's presenting here. His front double bicep. But I think that as he continues to build his conditioning, he can play around with the pose because he's so big. He can get away with different variants. Where some guys, they just look too small when they crunch down. And other guys really, really end up looking like they have their waist blown out if they do not crunch down. But I think he can pull off a couple of different variants. But as he gets better conditioning, as he comes to use to keep improving every show every year. What you're going to see is he's going to be able to build different variants of this. But overall on the front looks really, really good. Let's go ahead and see where we can see a little bit more in regards of improvements here, right? So what he's going to want to do is we're going to go into the legs. Legs are plenty big. Can he get more conditioning? Yes. He can get more conditioning, more detail, more separation. He does that. It's going to look even more impressive because he does all the muscle and then some. He can even lose a little bit of muscle and be fine because he's that's so much size. But when it comes to his overall separation, he can improve. So that's where I would want to see more improvement. How is he going to do that? He's going to have to die it. He's going to have to make sure that he really brings to his body fat as it comes down. He needs to make sure that his conditioning and his separation really come to a whole another level. That's what's going to help create a lot more separation in those quadriceps. So again, making sure that you're doing that. Also, some people are going to ask whether or not certain exercises are going to help. Not necessarily. I think this is going to be more of a as he pulls down a little bit body weight. I'm going to continue to keep getting better with his conditioning. But again, if somebody needs to build up their legs, right? What are the king of the exercises? Squat squat squats. I'm a huge fan of hacks as well. So those are the go-to on the quads that I always ask. You know, when somebody's asking where to go get the squats in, get the hacks squats in. That's going to give you that three-dimensional look in the quadriceps. So do not just go on to leg press and think leg press and leg extensions. No, those are great exercises, especially to be able to get your legs warmed up. But do not think that you're going to put on a ton of size with those exercises. It's going to be the squats and the hacks squats are going to be the king of size when it comes to lower body. So let's go on to the next pose. Okay, we're moving on to the next pose. We are doing the side chest. Really see the difference from this year to prior years on his conditioning. Let's talk about what we think makes him better than he was in his previous shows. Okay, more separation, more detail, chest is popping with nice separation in there. He's got great, drew delts. That looks really good, nice, full chest. Conditioning is definitely the best I've ever seen. Arms look fantastic, triceps look good, biceps look great, forearms. Again, I even break down the forearms. So when you are asking to follow arms matter, absolutely. Again, now is it going to make or break? No, it usually doesn't, but does it create a more complete way? Yes, it does. So again, there's a lot of athletes out there that genetically just don't have a huge forearms. And it's okay, but still doesn't mean he shouldn't train him. So make sure you're training your forearms as well. But going into next village here, we're going to look at, you can see some definition all through his obliques, which I really like. I'm going to clean that up a little bit right there. But again, pointing to him, that looks good. Awesome. This, this legs are like top top tier. That's like one top one percent of pro athletes in terms of the size of those damn legs. Crazy. Hamstrings, again, he's got such a quad dominant. You can always work on a little bit more hamstring for drop. But again, I'm just splitting hairs here. He looks absolutely phenomenal. Love the fact the way he's holding his pose there. Glutger at the hardest I've seen him on stage. That looks really, really good. But overall, great, great look, great presentation. I think he did a great job with this posing here, and it's definitely improving. Now, where can he be a little bit more improved? Again, the only place that I think that he can be able to build up a little bit more hamstring to be able to balance out that quad hamstring drop. I think that you could use that. It continues to keep building up the conditioning on the glutes because again, you know, you don't want to end up just growing your glutes. You want to make sure that you keep getting conditioned. So if you're using your glute muscles and most of your exercises like squats and you're doing things that are really got mind muscle connection in the glute, you're going to have to try to deemphasize that by changing your leg position because you do not want to be glute zilla on stage because it can make your back look smaller on your back to the bicep poses. And also, you can end up just end up over developing and creating imbalance. Right? I mean, there's definitely athletes out there that are constantly working on that, trying to work that imbalance out. And then there's guys that have small glutes, not as much of an issue and you can kind of continue to build them up. But there's also guys that have glutes that are too big and then it ends up making them look boxy or ends up looking, making their back look small because again, the glutes, the way that if they're really overbuilt, they can make you look a bit blocky through the glute hip area. So you got to be careful of that. So if you're getting a ton of recruitment through the glute, change up your foot position in your squats, leg press, and all the other exercises to try to minimize that. And then the other thing you should do is also try to pre-exhaust to try to get more quad, mind muscle connection in the quad before you go into glute. So, and don't go out of your way to do any crazy hip thruster, any of those other heavy movements that could possibly help build up those glutes even further. So, again, great, very little to pick apart on that side pose. Now, we're going to go ahead and we're going to go to the next one here. All right, onto the next pose. Back double biceps. One thing that you really want to be able to see here is that really separated back. He's got a ton of size on that back, but can he have more separation? Let's go on this side. We're going to flip it up a little bit. We're going to go into the improvements first that I feel he could make. So, again, size is great in terms of size. Where can we be able to improve? Let's get a little bit more separated. Let's get a little bit more detail through that inner back. Let's get like even the lower trap-romboid area in here. Let's get a little bit more detail. Let's get a little more detail in that lower back. That would be tremendous. Now, again, glutes are ties have ever seen them, but they could be tighter, especially as he continues to really work on separation. The separation is what I talk about that gives you more of that 3D look, because you get that more cavernous look. Some people, I remember Jay Colors just called it, Man, the lumpy back. He goes, man, I'm going up against those guys that have the lumpy back. What does that lumpy back? What does that mean? It means that you just have more separation, and it makes your back look really 3D. Feel heath. Obviously, you go and look those back-to-bull by-sepshots. You can see how separated you are. So, that's going to have a huge amount of differentiation. When Sam somebody standing next to you, hit that back-to-alibisep, and you have that cavernous look where you have that deep separation. That's the 3D look we talk about. Where everything, the muscles are popping, and it's created much more separation. So, as he's getting more of that separation, he could use that here and his glutes that we talked about, his outer quad, his hamstring, all of this area looks great, but if he continues to get more separators through there, it's going to be even more impressive. So, again, great improvements, great job with the muscularity, just needs more separation. So, before we go on to the next pose, I do want to mention for those of you that are watching this, that are interested in my FSC7 transformation contest that I'm doing. It's a six-week transformation contest. You will give, be given the tools for training, nutrition, as well as a supplementation program. And for the price of only $49, you'll be entered to have a chance to not only win $5,000, but give you all the tools to make the best version of yourself. So, again, transformation contest starts August 11th. So, if you're watching this, go ahead and go head to honeyrambaud.com. And for $49, you can sign up, get the whole program, and get a chance to win $5.00. So, I will see you there. I will be a part of the transformation too. No, I'm not going to take the $5K and say I won. But it's something that I want to be a part of too, because I feel like I can definitely use this accountability tool, just like you can, to get yourself into the best shape in those six weeks, as we get ready for the $25 Olympia. So, again, whether you compete or not any skill level, I can't wait to see you. And one final thing, I will have a great forum to be able to answer questions. There's going to be a lot of motivating people in there that are going to be sharing their stories, and also helping out. So, again, we have a great community that's going to also be a part of this that give you get full access too. So, go to honeyrambaud.com for more information. But let's go back to next zone. All right, and for the final pose, we got a great ab thigh pose from him. Now, this is going to really show what we've been talking about during this whole episode. Separation is going to be key. So, let's talk about where we need to be able to build that separation again, quads. Normally, you'll see a huge line right up into that hip flexor. You'll see the Evastus Latteralus, Medialus, the separation between the two, and then you just see everything just really, really pop. Massive quads, right? Look at how thick those quads are. Crazy, crazy whiff. But when he gets really dialed in, it's going to look even more impressive because of how much literal muscle mass that he has. Now, again, going to the great points that he does have. Look at that med section. Look at how detailed he's got a nice six pack. A lot of athletes. Again, it's genetic. Some people don't have that six pack. Some people have the four pack. The wrongings and the fills did not have the kinds of midsection that he has in terms of just being able to be really blocked out. So, again, is it genetics? It absolutely is, but you got to use the hard work and the diet to be able to obviously see your abs. It doesn't matter what level of bodybuilder you are. But one thing that's really cool is the fact that for as big as he is, he's doing a good job holding that midsection. And when he continues to create more separation in his lower body, it's going to be much more impressive. One thing I do want to note though is I would like for him to stay a little wider through his upper body here because if he creates a little bit more width by being able to get his lats to pop. And again, this is more of a posing situation. He's going to create even more of the taper into that midsection. But with his elbows too far in, he and he and he and crunching down, but not really flaring the lats. What it's doing is his making a more look a little bit more upright than who he what he is. So again, the judges can't judge what they don't see. So you have to be able to really present well. So as he's making those minor tweaks getting ready for the Olympia, it's going to make him look even better. So looking forward to seeing Nexzilla on stage. Guys, let me know where you would have him in terms of where you think he's going to place this year at the Olympia in the comments below. And also to finish things off here, you're going to want to know where I have him in terms of how many sandals. Again, 10 sandals being perfect score. I have Nexzilla at an 8.3. That's right. I think he looks fantastic. I cannot wait to see him on stage. But right now, 8.3. And most of that is the fact that I know how much better he's going to continue to get as he creates more separation. But let me know in your comments below what you guys think. Do not forget to like, subscribe, and turn on your notifications so that you can turn around and be able to not miss the next episode of Rate Your Physique. I'm Holly Rambad, 25-Time Olympia Winning Coach, and I'm out. Peace.

=== FILE: 25X OLYMPIA WINNING COACH RATES NICK WALKER [S6iIvvJrHl4].txt ===

What's up guys? Welcome to another episode of Rate Your Fizik. That's right. We took a little bit of time off because we were in Germany, but now I am back and we have just a couple weeks left to the Pittsburgh Pro. It's going to be an absolutely stacked lineup. You got Derek Lundsford. You got Nick Walker. You're going to end up having Criszo, Criszo, as well as Martin. I mean, it's it's stacked. It's really, really stacked. And now I'm sure there's going to be some people that I did not mention that's going to be right up there in the first call out. But I do want to be able to do a Rate Your Fizik with Nick Walker. He was somebody that we definitely saw several times in regards to the request. So let's get started with Big Nick. So first pose, front double bicep, Nick Walker. This is the 2022 Mr Olympia. First place was Hottie Chopin, second place Derek Lundsford, third place was Nick. It's his highest rated show that he's ever done. And I think it's actually one of his best looks. So let's go ahead and go into the green. What do we like about Nick's physique in that front double bicep? Number one thing? His arms. These arms are massive. He has got his arms are about the size of his head. So again, huge biceps, huge tricep. A lot of muscle fullness from top to bottom looks really, really good. I personally really love the arch of that tricep. And that crazy bicep peak is looking on point. Looks great. Then we're going to go into the chest. Really good chest thickness. It just hangs into that area. I really think that someone who is focusing on doing a lot of really good mind muscle connection work is creating that density. And he's doing that. He's using heavy weight, but he's not going super crazy where his shoulders take over. He's getting that mind muscle connection, pinning those shoulders back. A lot of you do not know that it's not about how much you bench. It's about how well that mind muscle connection is working and how you're going to be able to really stimulate the muscles in the pecs to be able to really get that full 3D look. Not only on the side chest, but even here on the front double bicep. Midsection looks on point. In some other shows, I had seen him a little bit washed out here. He looks really good. Nice small tapered waist. He's not known for his waist, but here he's holding his midsection really really well. So you got to give him that. And then the quads. This quads sweep is going to really help. Someone I'll let Jay Cutler where when you have those wider quads, it will make a naturally thicker waist look smaller and it looks on point. Again, doing the squats, doing the kinds of exercises, whether it's a regular squat, belt squats, Smith machine squat, doing leg presses. He's really getting that mind muscle connection in so that he can be able to get those quads to really, really flare and work on that really. Not only the thickness of his quads, but making sure that he gets the quad with. And that's what you're seeing here, right in that area. So that is going to really help minimize the waist ratio. So you're going to get that better X frame that we're looking for, which is happening right here in the shot. Cab fullness looks good. I think now in terms of what are we going to see in terms of the areas of improvement? Well, obviously there's some things that he can or can't do. Putting together the Veracos veins. Everyone talks about those things. They are a situation where it does track from his physique a bit. So a lot of people tend to bring them up. But again, there's only so much you can do with those. I'm sure that he has seen a doctor to try to take a look at those about getting them removed. It is an arduous process, but it is an ice source. So that's why people keep bringing it up. But again, some people are more prone to it than others. But it is something that I do not need to mention. The other spot is the legs in general. If his legs are a bit flat, especially on his right one right here, if that outer sweep isn't super full and popping, he's going to lose that really good X frame, especially the lower part of the X. And what ends up happening is his structure, because of his legs, they're going to end up looking a bit shorter. So that's something that we got to be careful of when he gets up on stage. As he starts to prepping with his team, he's going to want to be able to really maximize that thigh fullness. So again, but it's a really really good shot for him. But again, those are a couple of areas where he's got to be able to see if he can do anything about, especially with leg fullness. Because the varicose veins, like I said, you would have to do those far enough out. I did hear that he might have done some procedures, but we will see come Pittsburgh. All right, guys, before we go on to the next pose, just want to give you guys a reminder that I just updated the FST7 app once again with new workouts. So if you want full access to my FST7 app, go to honeyrambod.com and for just $1 using code honey, yt, that's right, H a n y, y t, you'll get full access to my app for $1. So check it out, and let's go on to the next pose. All right, on the next pose, what we're going to do is break down the side chest. So on his side chest, what I really like, let's go over the green. The green is that shoulder width, that shoulder width looks really, really good. That chest fullness looks very nice. As I mentioned earlier, tricep, bicep, those are all in the green, looking really, really good. Outer quad sweep looks awesome. Really full, love that look, and obviously you can still see some calves right there from the side, some detail. Now going into things of improvement, we mentioned the verifco's veins, but a little more in terms of hamstring from the side, a little bit more detail from the side of that quad. When you start seeing some of those extra striations, and you got a little bit more of that grainyness, it really shows that grainy, almost like a beef jerky look to it, that's super dry, and that gives you those microstriations that really look awesome on stage. Same thing goes when you go into the upper body. It's more of a conditioning thing here. Just a bit more in terms of conditioning through the chest, a little bit more through the shoulders, a little bit more separation in the arms. The arm fullness is fantastic. Just a little bit more detail. Same thing with the glutes. If we can see a little bit more of those striations in there, let me clean that one up. Here you can see just a little bit, but if you could just be a little tighter through there, that would be even more impressive. But overall, a great pose, just when you look at it, you just want to be a little bit crisper on that particular pose, but still very impressive. Okay, now we're going to go on to the back double biceps. So back to the biceps, the stand out, just like on the front double bicep. You got these amazing arms. Look at those arms. So calling out those biceps, great peak, great separation, triceps there are hanging, left one. You can see the striations through there. That's awesome. On that back pose, great peak, forearm fullness looks awesome. Now we go into the traps, traps look great, rhombois look great. Now when you look at that upper back, it looks good, but I feel like you can have a little more density. So we'll talk a little bit about that. I do feel like as he does more rows, he will be able to work on that. I'm going to go ahead and do some improvements on the upper body here. Right here, doing just continuing the Benovo Rose. He has a good back, but it can be even better, especially when you're trying to match up your dealt to that crazy bicep arm that fullness in the peak and the tricep, just being able to get those shoulders to match up. And then you got to match up the back to the shoulders to the arms because they all work together from here to here to here. So again, if you can work on being able to get that density down on the back, it's going to be really, really important, especially going up against guys like Derrick who has an amazing back. That's, that's, you know, that's knockout in terms of pose for him. But when you look at him by himself, it looks fantastic. But if he can continue to keep doing those rows, being able to continue to really widen his back, I think it's going to give it even more dramatic flare in that V-taper is going to go next level. A little bit better conditioning and lower back, but not far off, glutes look really good here. Just could be just a little bit tighter, but they're still good. You can really see those quads had some really good fullness from the backside. Same thing with the hamstring, same thing with the cab. All that looks really, really good in terms of the overall fullness. Now could he be just a little bit tighter? Absolutely. If you can bring in a little more detail into those hamstrings, that would be even more impressive. But overall, a great, great look. I just feel like if he can just bring it in just a little bit more, it'll be even more impressive, because he has so much mass. All right, guys, before we go on to the final rate your physique pose, I do want to remind you, if you're looking to get on my physique transformation site, the truth system, I'm taking on limited clients. So again, you're going to be working with myself, as well as my team to be able to put together a physique transformation program, includes training, nutrition, all of your needs, but this is not contest prep. This is so that you can be able to transform your physique to the best version of you. Limited spots are available. You do have to be accepted, but you can go on to honeyrambaud.com to apply. All right, going into the most muscular, it's going to be our final pose that we're breaking down. Really good shoulders. As we've been talking, arms are awesome. I think that the biggest thing here is that he can still continue though to grow the shoulders to match those arms. So we're going to go ahead and we're going to move that into, even as good as they are, they could be just a little bit better and just got a really, this is, this is a mixed bad here. So as wide as his waist is, the good news is you see this, let's go into that. This blocked out abdomen where those blocks are really prominent. He's got a great set of abs. It's just a matter of his overall width of his midsection. That's a genetic thing. So you have to make sure that here and here, once again, is very, very full. Could he be just a little bit more conditioned in there? Absolutely. Let's go ahead and give that a little bit of a, a little bit of, of help in there. So we're going to do is we're going to be able to get those hip flexors to really pop, get a little more separation. And I think that's going to help a little bit more. But again, this is a top three guy in the world, especially back in 2022. He misses last two Olympios. Everybody's waiting for him to get back on stage. And not only is he doing it, he's doing it with a bunch of really top five guys. You have an extra Olympia. I don't know, again, fourth place last year, Martin, you got some just really, really good competition that he's going to be going up against. And so I love to see what he's going to end up looking like. This Pittsburgh pro is going to be absolutely stacked. I feel like I'm looking forward to seeing him at his best. And he's got something to prove. So again, when you ever have someone that's really trying to prove something, they're going to go out of their way to put in that extra bit of work so that they can bring in their best. So looking forward to seeing him. Last thing I want to mention is the fact that he is someone that has the ability to move up a couple of notches or in a group like this, move down a couple. And he, from what I've seen online, has been putting in the work. So it's all going to be about that final week. We're just two weeks out from the Pittsburgh pro. I know you guys are all waiting for the official rating. This is the Nick Walker that I am going to rate. Let me clean all of this up. This is third place at the 22 Mr Olympia. And I rate this physique at an 8.9. So again, third place, very good finish expecting him to exceed this look. Come two weeks in Pittsburgh. So do not want to miss the Pittsburgh show. It's going to be an absolutely stacked lineup looking forward to seeing everybody there. I will be there. And I can not wait to see all of these top competitors going to get in see each other. Honey Rambad 25 time Olympia winning coach. And that's right your physique.

=== FILE: 25X OLYMPIA WINNING COACH RATES PHYSIQUE [z5suVUCnefY].txt ===

Welcome to the not so truth podcast for those of you that are used to my truth podcast I am not doing a podcast today. What I'm doing that's gonna be completely different is actually breaking down a physique and also rating a physique but at the same time I want to walk you through what I see when I'm looking at a physique and The first person that I actually want to be able to do this with is actually Wesley Vissers and that's because I just got done doing a podcast with him this last week and Super super nice guy and he's getting ready for the honor classic But we pulled up the images of the Mr. Olympia and we took a couple of photos and now we're gonna go ahead and Show you guys what I see in my minds. I when I break down someone's physique So let's go ahead and start off with a front double bicep One of the things that comes to mind is how great Wesley's arms are He's got bicep to try set fullness Again very Arnold-esque Arnold had some a little bit better peaks, but just the amount of fullness he has is is great I mean when I look at his arms I think they're absolutely phenomenal One thing that I do when I break down someone's physique I look at their arms and the first thing believe it or not I look at his arms second thing is actually calves So what I'm doing here is looking at the symmetry between the upper body and the lower body That's one place because his arms are so good that He would want to increase his thickness in the calves So solius and gastro he could definitely work on that little bit of that V taper in his calves We want to be able to really build that up right in here to build some more depth Right in here so again the exercises for those would be standing leg just basic standing Cavraises as well as cedar raises for the solius gastro would be standing or even doing toe raises on a leg press would work out really well But that stretch and a lot of the information that's coming out now is also doing partials off the stretch is gonna help with growth A lot of volume definitely definitely he wants to be able to hit a ton of volume on that and build that up But you want to make sure that you're really focusing on that area because as you can see here just if he could fill that area in Then we can have that symmetry between here and down there in the Cavaria so Again guys that's the way you want to look at that X frame now now you know as we talk about the X frame This is what you're looking at The other area that we can definitely discuss is his chest shoulders lots he's got great great lap with so Did last here are really really flared chest nice and full shoulders are popping looks great Good abs, but one of the things that is taking away from his physique again a little bit on the lower body that he can work on is the thigh sweep that thigh sweep doesn't quite match up to his shoulder width because as shoulder width out here doesn't Line up with the quad sweep down low so that would be amazing So again just cleaning it up a little bit from the sketches got as a good X frame but overall Really good practice from the front but he needs to continue to keep building up the thigh sweep So that he can be able to really make sure that he fills in the width of his lower body to match the width of his upper body Once that happens He's gonna have a very very Impressive and imposing look Just needs to continue to keep doing that. I know he's improving his legs When he talked about the podcast he's been really focusing on that But that's what's missing on that front double bicep pose a little bit wider through the thighs and then keep building up the calves to be able to balance out those biceps All right, so now what we're gonna do is we're gonna break down the second pose which is a side chest pose in the side chest pose The most impressive thing about Wesley is his shoulder width So he's doing a great job posing he's got a great chest Fibres are popping so you see all these fibers in here So that looks great you're also seeing this amazing shoulder width right that shoulder width is awesome Now again same things happening here this is happening in the front double bicep just not quite as wide as He can be here to be able to match up with that shoulder width So what we need is we need to have him get a little bit fuller in that quad that outer quad here And again what I would have been doing is probably more of the front squats. I would have narrow Hacksquats narrow Lake press to be able to really focus on being able to build out those legs especially on that outer sweep Could use a little bit more hamstring drop as well And once you fill in the spots between here and here what's gonna end up happening the front Quad and hamstring you're gonna get more width to be able to match that amazing width of his upper body So again when you have such a dominant body part like having really wide shoulders It's a blessing and a curse the blessing is the fact that he's so wide But the second thing that he has to also do is match up his upper to his lower So the way I look at it is that he's continuing to improve he knows his weak points He's gonna continue to focus on him and overall great side chest But try to fill in those quads as well as that hamstring drop all right guys We're gonna take a quick break from rate your physique just for a friendly reminder that if you haven't used the FSC 7 app yet shame on you for only a dollar you get full access to my FSC 7 app my full workouts as well as my exclusive in app content So go to honeyrambod.com Use the code bday that's right it's my birthday month for only a buck you get full access So make sure you check it out if you want access to my workouts so honeyrambod.com code bday now back to rate your physique All right the third and final breakdown Picture that I have here is the back double bicep pose so let's start off with all the good things Great great width he's got awesome Latt with okay this is just awesome We're talking about that back with I'm gonna go ahead and also guys the one thing I do want to get from you guys is Let me know if you like me to use a different color if you want me to break down in a different way Put it in the comments below and also you give me your assessment of what you think of the person I'm breaking down and Whether you agree with me or not but again I'd love to hear your feedback because we want to make this for you so again great lats Also once again amazing arms even his delts okay What I'm gonna do is give this five stars right this is five stars amazing amazing back I mean that's that's honestly I think this is an amazing pose for him what can we improve on though again as we go down to the lower body Caves need a little bit of help need to fill them up to be able to match the symmetry of the upper body Especially the arms and then the legs so let me clean this up a little bit so you guys can have a better Cleaner look But we want to be able to keep building up those clouds building up the hamstrings We want to fill this area in so that we can match up To the upper body that lower body upper body needs some extra symmetry So you need to build up the width of the lower body so it's it's this here the width of his legs So he needs to continue to keep building up the legs just like we were talking about in the front pose But also he could be a bit more conditioned. I know this wasn't his best At the Arnold last year I believe he was at his best, but we're just using the photos from this previous show Which is the Olympia so he's gonna be a lot better than that this year at the Arnold I really truly believe that we had a good conversation with him during the podcast But getting bit tighter so working on the conditioning that glute ham tie in as well You know as well as being able to thicken this area up and then just building in overall more detail There and then a little bit more detail in that lower back as well, but again This looks amazing, but he just has to continue to work on that lower body So again guys Wesley I'm I'm really being picky here. He is amazing. He's a world class athlete these are areas that I am just doing in regards of of critiquing and breaking him down But overall Has an amazing physique I'm gonna go ahead and switch it to the absolute last Picture and let's go there all right going into the last pose He's throwing in a most muscular and This is something where he really excels in why because the arms again look awesome You get in chest strations through there shoulders look really really good You're seeing the detail in his legs especially all the way through into the out Dr. area you can see how lean he is you got fastest media Alice everything is just popping you're getting some detail I mean honestly Great great shot on him. I think he looks amazing. I think this is one of his knockout shots and Obviously cannot forget how big those traps So again Wesley's crushes on this pose But one of the things I do want to let you know is that again this was not his best I believe he's gonna come in more detail. I'm looking forward to seeing him at the Arnold classic here in the next five weeks And I think we're gonna see the best Wesley coming up. He's very very excited to show everyone his up and coming new look for 2025 all right guys so after all these critiques We are gonna do an overall rating The way I'm gonna come up with my rating has to do a little bit to do with what I'm seeing in front of me But also I'm gonna add a little bit for his potential as well so One of 10 stars now can't be that's too easy. I'm gonna give it to one to 10 sandouts right 10 sandouts being exceptional Mr. Olympia I give Wesley Visser in the 2024 Olympia 7.8 sandouts and again 7.8 he was eighth at this show. I feel like he has a lot of room from improvement That's why it's as high as it is But again, I'm being a little bit harsh, but I know he can fulfill a lot of potential that he has We saw last year at the Arnold and I'm looking forward to doing this again after his next Arnold classic So let me know what you liked about this Let me know what you want to see that might be different and I will definitely utilize all of your suggestions on the next segment of rating your physique peace

=== FILE: 25X OLYMPIA WINNING COACH Rates Julian Fitzgerald's Physique [ijVcaa_XJO0].txt ===

Welcome to another episode of Rate Your Physique. I have a new bodybuilder who has yet to compete yet on deck. None other than 19 year old phenom, Julian Fitzgerald. Again, you might have seen him in the gym with me training. And just turn 19 about a month ago. 205 pounds. And he is 105 at 5 foot 11. Again, 5 foot 11 205. And he is 19. 19 years old. So, a lot of controversy out there whether or not he's natural or not. I'm going to give you guys my take on this. I mentioned it in other videos. He has great arms. He still has a lot rest of his body. He needs to complete. But he's got great arms. So did Phil Heath. So did Ronnie Coleman at his age. So again, for those of you that want to go ahead and say that he's on something or not. Go in the comments below. Let me know whether or not you think he's natural. But again, 5 foot 11 205 pounds. Great looking physique. And let's get ahead and get started. Let's talk about his strongest point right here is arms front double biceps. I'm going to break that down. Really good peek. So I'm going to go ahead and zoom in on it. Really good peeks actually reminiscent of almost like Coleman ask when it comes to the peak where he gets some of that split. And he's got that crazy crazy bicep peak there. Looks really, really good. He's got nice triceps. Good forms. But again, not Phil. Phil has got everyone's like, oh, he's kind of got a fill. Phil, Phil physique. Yes, in some ways, but I'm going to go ahead and tell you the difference as well. So again, Julian can use lot more back. Does let me tell you what you can really work on his back. Can you if he builds up that back. Phil down to pull ups making sure that he really does the basics, the rows going to make a huge difference in his physique because it's going to help bring in that waste. Some people are asking classic open some people are saying he's got more of an open physique because he doesn't have that really crazy crazy taper. I agree. I think that we're going to have to see as he builds up his back how his body is going to look when it looks more complete. Now when I talk about complete, we're going to have to address legs. Okay, calves, quads, hamstrings, all of it. So again, just because somebody has genetically gifted arms doesn't mean they're on steroids. So again, I just want to let you know that because I've trained with him. I felt like he was very under I guess underwhelming in terms of strength doing 50 pound shoulder press and he's as he grows he goes going to get stronger as he gets stronger. He's going to grow. So but for now squats, making sure that he does free weight as well as Smith, he can do both, but also hacks are going to make a huge difference in his physique because he's going to be able to build up this quads so that he gets that depth that he needs and he's got a lot of real estate he's five foot 11 anybody that's over five 10 5 11 you all know what I'm talking about. You have way more real estate to fill in than somebody who's five five five six so again takes much more time it's a bigger canvas you're going to need more paint. So putting that sculpture together is going to take more time so again I think he's got a beautiful physique I think he's got a great feature of ahead of them, but he hasn't even been to a bodybuilding show just even to watch little competing yet so put that in perspective talk about genetics. All right, let's go on to the next. Pokes. All right, we're going to go into the side chest post side chest nice pose on Julian. Let's talk about what I like to see first. Again, always arms arms arms arms your eyes are drawn to his arms that's his strongest body part. Then even his shoulders are a little bit undersized and that's why he doesn't have looked super wide again does he have narrow clavicles per se well as he develops he's going to look wider but is he naturally built like a jay color or a fill he's well he's naturally built like a fill he's like a filth like a filth like a wealer than he is a jay color but he is got nice shoulder caps they just are undersized for his arms so what does that mean he's going to have to do a lot of shoulder press. He's going to have to do a lot of later raises he's going to have to work on being able to do them not just free weight but he's going to be able to utilize the equipment that really gives him that best mind muscle connection. So whether you're doing a standing flight machine or whether you're doing a cable in front or behind just really making sure that you slow down that eccentric and that's something that he really lacks is that eccentric strength and conditioning because he really gets tired very, very quickly again. I've trained him several times so I've seen it but as he starts to master the the eccentric control you're going to start seeing some really serious muscle growth on him so again. Chest looks good for the fullness there I think that looks really good but overall he could be even bigger right you can see the opposite peck that he's a little flat on that side it's just because he needs more mass in general. But again strong points always been arms he's got good shaped legs but they are undersized especially for somebody who is five foot 11 he's 205 pounds like I mentioned earlier but he can use a lot more hamstring so straight leg deadlifts. Rdls using barbell or even dumbbell are going to make a huge difference in how much leg mass he's going to put on and as you're following him on his journey you're going to be able to start seeing all of these things and believe me. If in when he possibly can start using any PEDs you're going to see a huge difference but you're going to start seeing subtle differences here but when somebody goes from natural to PEDs you're going to see something that's going to be like skyrocketing and he plans on staying natural as long as possible which I fully recommend. And fully endorsed so again as he's utilizing these new exercises when I trained him legs a lot of exercises he never done before straight leg deadlifts were not very good if he'd done him maybe a couple times but I don't even think he felt like he'd done him properly in the past so you're going to start seeing just overall growth from learning these new exercises so again great pose on him here but he'd never even been to a bodybuilding show so me setting up in the poses was something that was really important because he's not. really had a lot of practice posing and one to Julian's back to a vice at pose. All right back to a vice at time again let's go ahead and look at those amazing arms great great arms great bicep peak he's got that tricep roundness that's really giving that arc on the very bottom of his arm. And he even has again you can see the shoulders they just like I mentioned before are just undersized so as he's continuing to build his shoulders he's going to look wider and as he continues to build his back. The good things is you can see the trap the rhomboys you can just see that all of the detail in his back there so all just needs to do is get bigger and as he gets wider and thicker lats he's going to get more taper which is going to be really really good but you're going to have to control the ascent. The ascent right so what that means is that when you start to grow you got grow too quickly because it can also put a lot of pressure on your abdominal area where you're going to end up getting thicker through the midsection so again mind muscle connection eccentric controlled is going to be really really important so that negative trying to do minimum to seconds on that negative is going to make a huge difference in his overall muscularity and just density as he gets stronger as well. Now where does he need to improve on his back side well his legs again quads hamstring calves all of it all of it straight leg dead lifts R D L's lay curls seated as well as lying. Making sure that he continues to build up the quads that we mentioned earlier all of those are going to be really key components because also. 511 a lot of a lot of space to fill in so overall great back to bull bicep but. But he hasn't been to show so I can't wait to see what he's going to is how he's going to feel after he goes to his first show to go even watch. Let alone eventually down the road competing because he aspirations is to become mr lambia to one day but you got to get your pro card first and he that means you got to step on stage to qualify to go to a pro show. Pro qual if I didn't show I should say so again he's got a long long journey ahead of him but I want to say he's got really nice muscle bellies but he's got a long way to go so let's go ahead and finish this off back to the front side with the most muscular and this is where you're going to see what we talked about here. So this is the area where he's going to have to build that that with that shoulder width so I'm going to go ahead and kind of create a line there. And you're going to see he's got some asymmetry going on there might have had a shoulder injury at some point or maybe playing football but he does have a little bit asymmetry that he's going to have to work on but you can see that the delts are there I'm going to clean this up so you can see that you can see the delts are there they just are undersized like I mentioned earlier here and here but that delth growth when he eventually catches up to his arm size he's going to look a lot wider now is he going to look like jacolic. Now is he going to look like jacolic no but can he look like a fill Heath where he can fill in his frame to look more complete absolutely flex wheeler fill Heath guys I mentioned that have been super super wide who've done very very well just by being able to try to complete their physique by building up those deltoids to match their arms now. Again continuously building up that chest definitely be a bigger legs we talked about legs again squats, hackswats even walking lunges are going to really help him with overall development getting calves. Phil head calves genetically he was blessed with him and then he grew him with hard work now obviously this is an area where he's not as blessed july isn't as blessed as fill was with his calves so huge differences in those fronts now. Does he have potential absolutely but a lot of people just think that because they they see a front double bicep or they see these crazy arms on them that he's 100% got to be chewed up and the reason why you're thinking that is because you're just not genetically as gifted as someone like him and I don't blame you I've seen it before but I've seen Ronnie back when he was natural I saw Phil back when he was natural I saw those physiques and you see how they grown tremendously. They're strong points continue to be their strong points but what the drugs do and the PEDs is that the weak points can catch up way way faster. But he's planning on staying natural as long as possible which again I highly encourage and being able to max everything out because what he has going for him is this major thing is 19 19 years old in 19 years old as of a month ago actually so and having a nice long frame he's got five foot 11. And again growing his dad's six five to seventy five so he's got his genetically is you know he's coming from a family of big big big men so if you want to turn around and look at this and say eight it's all because of drugs I mean again you're going to say whatever you want to say you can go into the comments below and let me know what you think. But I'm trying to give you as much perspective as possible because I've worked with genetically gifted athletes for a very very long time but I what I am saying is that you can go ahead and put in the comments what you think. But what I'm going to tell you is that there's a lot of people out there with genetically gifted body parts but when you look at what he really needs to work on which is going to be his lower body in general is quads and his hamstrings is calves he's got a long way way to go. But he's got a great attitude and he's willing to put in the hard work which is what's most important so whether you have the genetics or whether you do not have elite genetics but you're willing to put in the hard work that's what it's going to take for you to be able to get to the best version of yourself so again guys that is my physique breakdown I know you're all waiting for a rating well I'm going to give you a cup rating or I feel like his genetic potential wise and I think his genetic potential. is literally a 9.25 out of 10. I think he's got great genetic potential but he's got a ways to go and potential is what you make it. So again guys another episode of Rate your physique let me know what you think in the comments below. Love you all honey rampad 25 times Olympia winning coach and I'm out.

=== FILE: 25X Olympia Winning Coach Rates CBUM OPEN DEBUT! [VO2cpvsPSWE].txt ===

What's up guys? Honey Rambad here, 25 time Olympia winning coach and welcome back to Rate Your Physique. We have none other than the man himself, Mr. Seabum on deck. Chris and I saw each other at the honor class. We had breakfast together and I told him that he was one of the highest requested athletes for me to do a Rate Your Physique. And again, reading the comments below, he said, cool, do it. And I said, which version of Seabum would you like me to rate Chris? And he said, let's do Prague. So again, it was awesome because we got to have breakfast. We talked a little bit about it. And so what we're going to do today is we're going to do Seabum's Prague physique. So he was able to bring to his only and possibly only ever open show that he actually competed in. That was just about a month after the Olympia, after winning his six men's classic physique title. And he always told me, I would love to do an open show. But he didn't want to prep for it by itself. He would definitely wanted to do something he was going to add on to an already existing prep. So knowing that that was going to be his last Olympia, Yamiya called and said, I want to do Prague. And I said, you sure? And he said, absolutely. I want to go out with a bang. I want to go out on stage as an open competitor. And I said, OK, let's do it. And we're going to go ahead and break down that physique. Little behind the scenes information. Obviously he was heavier than he was at the Olympia, we went in with a fuller look. So I'm going to tell you a little bit more of the backstory versus when I've done these right your physique in the past where the other athletes I did not work with that you have ears. You have a Wesley. You have a lot of the other guys that I did this right your physique with Chris. I'm going to give you guys a little bit of backstory. With this particular look, we were about 252 pounds, which puts them about 12 pounds over his weight cap, about 10 pounds over his weight cap. I'm sorry. I believe he's around 242 is the new weight cap for the last couple years. So he was about 10 pounds heavier. So we went with a full 3D look so that he can be able to match up better against the open guys. So much of his muscle was just more muscle fullness because you can't build a lot of muscle in a month. You're going to just be able to basically try to fill out the frame the best you can. And that's what you're trying to do on a 6 foot 1 plus frame with Chris. So what we did was we tried to maintain as much muscles possible going into the show. We set up camp in Prague and when we got there, kept feeding him into the show. And again, about 252 pounds on stage brought him in with a lot of fuller look. A lot of people are very, very impressed by it. I really like the look, especially knowing that he didn't do an open prep. And when I say open prep, you'd normally go a lot bigger and then come down to 250, 255, maybe even 260 on stage after a full year. He didn't have that luxury. He just went straight from the Olympia and then a month later getting on that Prague stage. So where I'm going to go ahead is I'm going to start off with the side chest. This is one of his knockout shots. And not only in classic, but even in an open, I feel like it's very impressive. So let's go over here and look at all the amazing great attributes. Again, shoulder width. He has all that shoulder width in here all the way to here. And he's showing it off very, very well. It's really, really nice because his chest is super, super full. So I'm going to go ahead and circle that chest. You see those chest striations and you see that 3D look? Well, that's a nice or 10 pounds can get you even more of that fullness. And then you also have that depth in the chest here. So you're staring to see a much more filled out frame on Chris because he's got such a big frame of being over 6 foot feet. 6, 1. It's just about 6, 1 and a quarter, 6, 1 and a half. But if he was ultimately getting ready for an open show and he took a full year, I could see him on stage closer to 255 to 258 with even better conditioning. Again, for all intents and purposes, we're looking at this physique that he had on stage in Prague. Now going down to the arms, arm fullness here, that looks great. Triceps, biceps are popping, even his forearms are super full. That's why he's got that fullness in that forearm. And as you go down to the lower body, great depth through the quads, great conditioning. Again, glutes were full hamstrings were dropping. Everything was really tight all the way into the calves. And I was like a tease him about his calves. But that quad development in that side chest makes everything look so complete. So as I go back and I start to clean up that photo and you start seeing everything, it starts to look really, really pretty. And everything looked really symmetrical. So again, felt that this is one of his knockout shots. He looked really good in the side chest. All right, guys, before we go on to the next pose, I do want to let you know my coaching system, the truth system is now live. So if you're interested in getting coached by myself and my team, then you can go to honeyrambaud.com and be able to sign up. It's an application process. You're not guaranteed to be accepted. But if you are interested in applying to be a part of the truth system, which is my coaching platform, then you can go ahead and go to honeyrambaud.com and apply there. So let's go on to the next pose. Now moving into the next pose, we have the pose that is not a mandatory in classic physique. It's the front lot spread. And this is another money shot for Chris. You said giant smile. He's cheese and mad. Look at that. Look at that giant smile. You got to give that like amazing, amazing, like smile because he normally just has a little bit of that smirk. Here he's smiling because he gets to actually show in the mandatory poses that front lats spread. So what does he have positive going on here? He's got the stri- stri- stri- stri- stri's chest, but he also has that fullness. He's got that shoulder fullness. He's got that shoulder just popping that whiff in the shoulders. His arms are nice and full. He has nice quad sweep. That quad sweep all the way through is nice and round. Waste is still tight. Really popping through the lats again. Really showing that 3D physique. So he gets to be able to really show the statue-esque version of a classic physique body but also showing the fullness in the size of an open body builder. And again, not to be able to put too much emphasis on this. But this was only a month after the open- that meant Olympia classic championship. So again, after he went as six title a month later, being able to accentuate what he has. And I feel like fullness in the chest, shoulders, arm fullness, quad fullness. All of those things were really, really popping. So the nice thing about this is it really even accentuated what he already had when it comes to this great silhouette. All right, now let's go ahead and go on to the back to a bicep. And this is one of those areas where I feel like he can be able to improve the most. But let's talk about the great things. Great hamstring and as well as that outer quad. Caves are also popping. Arms look much more improved there. Shoulders look great. You have the shoulder width here that looks awesome. Where I would like to see that added fullness is going to be all in those lats. Again, on that front lats bread looks great. But on the back double bicep, bringing in more depth through there. And then again, a little bit more conditioning. I could see that being tighter. When we were going for a look, we were trying to actually be okay with giving up a little bit of that conditioning that he had at the Olympia for the added fullness because he was going to be standing next to Martin and all the open guys. So therefore, there was a little bit of that given take. But I feel like that back could have used a little bit more muscle. If there was a future and open, that's where I would see the most amount of improvements that we're going to be needed is going to be through that back. But again, everything looked really good. Glutorin could have been a little bit tighter through the glutes. So that's why I give it a little bit of a red mark. But ultimately, with the amount of more fullness where he could be able to stand next to open guys. And we're not much as basic open guys. We're talking about really good open guys. I feel like that he had a great look. Now, if he came back, that's where he would need to be able to do the rose. Being able to do one arm dumbbell rose, Ben Ovarrow's reverse grip, Ben Ovarrow's, all of those growing exercises that are going to allow him to build even more back thickness, while continuously making sure that he continues to have that awesome V-taper. But great, great, great look, but still could always improve. Going in to an ab thigh, but he's throwing in his signature vacuum. All right. So we're going into this amazing quad sweep. This is looking outstanding. That again, his legs never been that full because being 10 pounds heavier than his stage weight at the Olympia looked absolutely awesome. I feel like his legs are great, but continuing that down the road. We'll talk about the improvements, but that looked awesome. Waste, you have that great V-taper in here. That looked fantastic. My amazing art skills. That looked awesome. Fulness, look at the fullness through the arms, right? You see his biceps, his triceps, everything was separated. Just because of how fully he was, even through the chest area, how fully he was, his back, how full it was. Again, his back even looks really, really good from the front. It's just where the back on that back-to-al-by-set rear last bread, he could have been a bit thicker. But I want to really make sure that I'm giving in as unbiased as possible opinion on every person that I am going to rate their physique. But looking at this, I like the fact that I see so much fullness and I got still that silhouette that gives it that really seabumb signature V-taper. Looks awesome. Now, where could he improve? Obviously, we're going to go ahead and we're going to go into the red portion. And that is going to be continuously building up his legs. So his legs could be just even bigger going against the open guys. If he was coming back, being able to fill those out, we talked about that, squats, hacksquats, being able to do those exercises are going to go much much further if you're able to put on the extra weight without having to worry about making weight, continuously building up the back, especially this lower-lat area in there. And I feel like, again, we've gave up a little bit of conditioning there, so that we can go for that extra muscle fullness so he can go head to head with the open guys. But again, just making sure that we're going through and saying, what is going to be a more impressive? Coming in a bit tighter and lighter, where he's going to give up a little bit more of that fullness or the added fullness but giving up an extra 10 to 20% to 15% of that conditioning. And we went the other way and I think we made the right decision because I felt like it was a very, very impressive physique, especially with the full 10 pounds. But God, man, that going back to that chest, chest is popping, lats are just super flaring. Harm fullness, everything looked awesome. But again, I'm still going to be critical because just that's just me. All right, guys, just a reminder, if you're looking for my workouts, my FST7 app is only a dollar. That's right, a dollar for the first month to get complete and exclusive access to all my FST7 workouts that I've pre-built and put in depending on what your goals are. So if you're looking for any of my workouts, you go to the FST7 app at honeyrambaud.com. Go ahead and download and you can use Code Hony YT. That's right, Hony YT to get you dollar for only a dollar. In the entire access to the whole app. So check it out. If you're interested in any of my FST7 workouts, all my exclusive content is on there as well. So check it out at honeyrambaud.com. All right, we're going to go ahead and go to the next pose. The three-quarter twisted back double. This is that signature Arnold pose. I'm throwing this in because of how not only elegant of a pose that it is, but also just how Chris pulls us thing off. He's got such an amount of width there. Look at how much back thickness he's showing off. He's showing off the glutes. He's showing off the quad sweep. His hamstrings are popping. I mean, we really have got this beautiful physique that I'm going to go ahead and take back there and really accentuating with good arms, even the striations that are coming in on those triceps. They're just really, really straighted there. Again, conditioning balanced out with fullness there. It looks awesome. Really a beautiful shot. I just wanted to throw this in there because I felt like he's done this shot before, but not with this much size. So I do want to be able to say, again, do I think that there's anything wrong with this shot? No. Again, can you always be just a little bit tighter? Yes, it can be just to be a little bit tighter through glutes. If you really, really want to be able to etch him out just a little further, but overall, great three quarter twisting on Chris. Right. Now we went to the front shot and this is going to be a single arm classic version of a front double bicep. Let's go ahead and we're going to start off with the quad once again. That's a quad sweep. That quad separation is really, really pushing 3D. You got that look where the muscle feels like it's just looks stapled right onto the top of the quad. That's what you want. Then you have that small waist. Again, the silhouette, that's what one of his superpowers are, is that silhouette from the front, lat is hanging, which is awesome. And even though he doesn't have the best arms, in the bodybuilding world, it is nice and full, the triceps and you can see the grainyness of the biceps. Again, filled out chest. Everything looks really, really nice. You got the signature smirk. Don't forget that because that's a very seabumb, classic smirk. Even as a collab, you know, calves, which I always give him a hard time about, they're full. I like that. All of the different things that he had going on for him on this one. This was a really cool pose because he's adding in a combination of classic as well as open. So you get a little bit of both worlds here. You have great quad sweep, fullness. You have the nice taper, but you also have a great amount of that upper body fullness and that width. And when you add that to the height, that's why a lot of people thought he won that show because as you look at it as a overall bodybuilder, the silhouette is something that is can't be taken away from. So again, he did an amazing job. Ultimately, I think it was a great look. I think we were able to bring in a great combination of size, fullness, cemetery, conditioning, where we gave up a little bit of conditioning. We ended up making it up with a lot of fullness to fill in his frame. I think he put in all the work that he needed to and then some and he also had fun. That whole week, if you hadn't been able to get check out his page, if you go look at the week at Prague, it was a really good time, even though it's still stressful for me because it always is. But it was a really good time. It was like being in a frat house with everybody. And then even Ian was there, his sister was there to support everybody else's there. We missed the hell out of Courtney and the baby and he faced time them. But it's one of those things that with all of the the film crew and everybody that's there and the guys that are shooting his dog, they were there. So it was just awesome because it just felt like it was a great way to close out, not just the season, but to close out a career. Again, I asked him at the Arnold Woodie. He had come back. If he would have won that show, he still says, no, I do believe there was a 2% chance that if he would have won, that he would have done at least one more getting back on that stage as an open Olympia competitor. But let me know what you guys think. Go into the comments below. Tell me if you think that if Seabam would have won the show, Wood hiv he have called and said, one more last ride. All right, last but not least, I know you guys are all waiting for this. Where do I rate his physique? Again, when I'm rating their physiques and I'm giving people the number that I believe at a 10, I am giving it to them in their class and in their particular circumstance as well. So this is going to be a rating for open, not classic. And this isn't just on Chris in general. This is just in that physique and what he was able to bring. So on a scale from one to 10, Olympia, 10 being the absolute pinnacle, I would rate that physique a 9.1. That's right, still room for improvement for sure. But I thought it was phenomenal for an open physique. And I think it could go up if he ended up putting on more size and actually put time and effort into it. And I personally do think that he was ahead of Martin, even though the scorecard didn't show that, but that's my personal opinion. But I do have him at 9.1. Let me know what you think about that as well. And I appreciate you all. Love and God bless, honey, ram bod and rate your physique.

=== FILE: 25X Olympia Winning Coach Rates MIKE SOMMERFELD! [0ObiuuL0Xr4].txt ===

Welcome back to Rate Your Fizique. This is honey ram bod 25 time Olympia winning coach and today on deck We have none other than the second place in the 2024 Mr. Olympia men's classic physique division Mike Summerfeld so another German looks like the Germans are definitely moving up in the ranks here at the Mr. Olympia classic division you had irres and third and we had Mike in Second place so a lot of you went on to social and Tag me and said please rate Mike you also went into the comment section So before you do anything make sure you turn on your subscribe button Make sure you turn on your notification and I want to know in the comments who you'd like to see next on the next rate your physique But on to Mike the badass so now we're gonna go ahead and start with the first pose the front double biceps So Mike Has an amazing X frame here look at that X frame it literally is a capital X He's got great great with great quads Great arms looks very very impressive So as we're turning around and looking at his shoulder with here that is another very very strong point in his physique and If you notice how narrow that waist is right there So the Mike Criticism out there is that he's starting to look too much like a regular bodybuilder and not like a classic physique bodybuilder I can see how some people would end up coming up to that conclusion I don't agree with it not yet now if he does get bigger and thicker could he lose some of the classic lines? Absolutely and we're gonna see here in the next several days What he's gonna look like at the Arnold classic but I do feel that he can control that by being able to make sure that He maintains a smaller physique and not trying to get full blown with just bigger Especially in this class isn't always better So again, this is not open. This is not too 12. This is classic bodybuilding So we want to be able to make sure that we're really really emphasizing that amazing X frame And again, this is all green because look at how great his lats are Look at that lat that big V taper looks awesome right now We're gonna go ahead and move to the lower body That great quad sweep so we have that vassus ladder allus the vassus media allus We have the sartorious all through here we're getting some really really good detail and once again I'm gonna go ahead and show you guys how great that X frame is we're going all the way now This is starting to look like Google Maps here, but what I want to show you guys is that this quad sweep Really fits nicely with that upper body Many bodybuilders have this great upper V taper But then they lose it when it comes to the lower body Mike has got both Angles dialed in from the upper as well as a lower Caves look great what I like to see a little bit more solius just a little bit more But again, I'm snipicking. This is the number two guy in the world So I would work a little bit more on that continue to keep growing the calves because his legs are so Big they do make his calves look just a little bit small because of the fact that he's so big in the quads And he's so quad dominant there. So continue to keep not that he doesn't have calves everybody He does all right now. What can he improve on? So let's go ahead. We're gonna go backwards here clean everything up and on the improvement scale his arms are full, but if he can continue to work on just really Supernating the wrist if you notice he's not supernating his wrist here And if he's not doing it here He's probably not doing it as much on his training as he needs to so doing a lot of curls with that really good Supernated wrist position are going to really help try to build up as much peak as possible Peak has a lot to do with genetics the Ronic home and peak you can't get that by adjusting how you're curling something But when you have full arms like he does you want to just really concentrate on making sure that you're doing Bicep curls with Turning that wrist so whether you're doing standing dumbbell curls or if you're using a machine curl You want to just make sure that you're really Supernating the wrist as much as possible so that you can try to continue to build up as much peak as you possibly can So that would help quite a bit in his overall look and again We're really nitpicking here guys, so but looks fantastic Also what I like to see is just a little bit more depth in the chest on that front double just a little thickerness a little more thickness But again looks absolutely phenomenal everything was on point and again This is number two in the world so we're really nitpicking but if you can get a little bit more of that arm peak And a little bit more upper chest and for the upper chest Continue with doing Incline dumbbell presses. I'm a huge believer in that or even incline machine presses or Smith machine incline presses. I think will help continue to build up that physique to be able to become number one in the world So again, he's in an amazing job and we're gonna go on to the next post and don't forget to make sure you let me know Who you want to see on the next episode of rate your physique? All right guys before we go into the next pose I do want to announce that we have just dropped a brand new flavor of I subject at eveginutrition.com For those of you that love eveginutrition especially the I subject You guys all know that I tirelessly work on flavor systems not only is it easily digestible But it always tastes amazing so the latest flavor I want to share with you guys is Chocolate Peanut butter banana. That's right guys chocolate peanut butter banana because those are the three favorite flavors I had growing up when I was making protein shakes So if you hadn't tried I subject yet Definitely give it a try the digestibility is next level and the taste is from out of this world So go ahead and give it a try and let me know what you think use code honey YT that's right my first name YT to be able to get 10% off at eveginutrition.com now back to rate your physique now what we're looking at is a side chest I want to go straight to those huge quads Do you see how full they look that looks awesome awesome right in there? That looks you got that full look, but it's also grainy So you had that conditioning to match the size which is always which are looking for you're seeing the group glutes Dryations here that looks fantastic really really nice hamstring drop Lot of great conditioning in his calves So again the detail is on point Right here the bicep looks awesome on the side chest again Just because I got to find something wrong a little bit even a little more on the triceps Can be there just a little bit more but again. I'm nitpicking here people Chest looks nice and full so I feel like I said you can always use a little bit more upper chest But he is chest looks fantastic, but what I will say here Similar to hers These guys are not twisting enough. I feel like he could use a little bit more rotation now I'm going to have some suggestions on the posing especially when it comes to the upper body here So what we want to do is we want to be able to rotate so as we're rotating this way We want to be able to show maximum shoulder width So his left shoulder could actually be seeing more if he twists just a tiny bit more and Then make sure to blow out through the midsection to try to really show that X frame from the side Again, this is something that was critical about with hers same thing here just wants to twist just a tiny bit more Get the shoulder squared up so you can get maximum width because that you see the width that's happening here that width here looks fantastic, but this can be accentuated even further by twisting his upper body Now we're moving on to back double biceps pose and this is a huge highlight of Mike's physique Number one you're looking at his glutes right? The glutes are completely etched in super-striated looks really really good the back great great V-taper so he's looking very very full through his back So you have everything from that upper lat all the way into that lower back is super tight All of that looks amazing great separation and it's gonna continue to get better as he ages and he gets more muscle maturity The biceps to arms the arms look really nice and full and like I said I think that if he can just work a little bit more on the peak and again guys Being nitpicky here, but if you can do that I think it's gonna show off even more detail So doing that is gonna make a huge difference and just by looking at his wrists I can turn around and tell that part of it's just part of it is his posing if you just supinates that wrist back a little bit And is able to get his chest up you'll see even more detail in that bicep peak now as we come down to his lower body Great thigh sweep Outside thigh sweep again looks like he might have led up on his calves where he didn't stick the pose or he might have stuck to it for a few seconds And then when the photo was taken he relaxed but you can tell it's all there the conditioning the fullness everything looks great hamstrings could be just a tiny bit We're gonna go ahead and I'm gonna give that a little bit of a red and That's just a little bit more detail through here just a tiny bit and If we can have that I think you're really getting closer perfection here guys This is of outstanding shot very very dominant for him and I feel like he holds his poses Really really well on his backside and you can just see he's got those glutes clenched hamstrings are really squeezing and What he just needs to do is just build up a little bit more of the adductor area and just get a little bit more detail But it's so close guys. I mean, I'm just finding things here to critique But he looks absolutely amazing on the back double bicep where I would say if he was working on trying to build up the hamstrings a bit more Again making sure that when you're doing your lake curls Being able to really really go full range of motion, but also I'm a big believer in contracting at the very top Pauzing in that contracted point just to be able to get a little bit more detail and that's what I feel really helps with detail So lying lake curls seated lake curls and then really sticking that midpoint of that rep So that all the way down on the contracted portion of the rep you're holding it for that one to two second pause Before you go full range of motion all the way up and then finishing up with some partials But doing that I think is going to help build build that hamstring area up even more on that backside But looks fantastic now it's time to rate Mike's physique what do I give him in the overall number of sandals from one to ten ten being absolutely perfection I give Mike a nine point two. That's right. He's been the highest rated physique that I have critiqued to this date And I feel like it's shown by his placing He's just knocking on the Olympia door and he's just a couple of days out from trying to win the Arnold classic 2025 so again best of luck to him and his team I'm really looking forward to seeing him up on stage and seeing what he brings but again Absolutely phenomenal so congratulations into him and again do not forget Like subscribe Turn on the bell notification and don't forget to make sure you let me know who you want to see on the next episode of Rate your physique

=== FILE: 25X Olympia Winning Coach Rates MIRACLE BEAR! [BmSILuWg8xY].txt ===

What's up everyone? Hanir Ambod here, 25-time Olympia winning coach. And we're here for another episode of Rate Your Fizzique. Up on deck by popular demand, none other than the miracle bear himself, Er's Kalinsky. I know I'm butchering that last name, but he's gonna be here in a couple of days, and I'm sure he's gonna let me know it. But one thing that I am gonna do is I'm gonna hold off on posting this until he's back in Germany, because he might not like what he's about to hear. But again, it may be brutal, but I'm gonna be honest, because this is 100% the truth. So let's go ahead and let's break them down. All right, what I'm gonna do is actually, because I wanna talk about the X-frame, is start off with one of his optional poses, which is a front, last spread. That is not a mandatory pose in classic physique, but what it does is it really highlights what I wanna highlight, which is the great X-frame that he has. So the X-frame that he carries here and here is looking really, really good. I think that you can really see the peck development, the shoulder development looks right on point. Another great area on him is his quads, the notorious muscle, that satorious in here is looking awesome. So what we wanna do is we wanna highlight the fact that that looks so good and it's so detailed. Really, really like the X-frame, I'm gonna go ahead and clean up a little bit of this. So that X is really what we're looking for, and he likes to display that right off the bat. Because what he wants to do is, wants to make sure that he's showing maximum width, because he's naturally not as wide as Wesley or some of these other guys, but he really is trying to show what he has to be able to accentuate the X-frame. And he's doing a great job here. Another thing that I really like is the fact that his detail, if you can see all of the striations all through this area here as well as there. So you have everything from the Vastislateralis, all the way up into the rectifier for Morris, all of those areas of the quadricep that are showing tons of detail here here in here. That looks great. Going into his calves, his calves, poppin, really, really like it. You can see the lower solius, you can see the gastro, right above it, all of that looks fantastic. Now, going into where we could definitely use a little bit of clean up work, some places for improvement. What I like to see is everything from his forearm to his upper arm, which biceps not as bad, but his triceps still need to be able to drop. Especially when he hits his front double bicep, I'm gonna go into it one of the poses, but the best picture I was able to find was actually a single bicep pose with his hand on his hip and one of the arms doing a front double bicep. But if we can be able to really focus on that, he can really get that tricep going. That's where I would suggest him be able to focus. I know he is a kind of guy. We've got together, we did one workout in India together. He lives bodybuilding. Ers is the consummate purist. He's like a Renaissance bodybuilder. He really absolutely loves bodybuilding. So he's all about taking in information, processing it and just always trying to improve. But what I would really like to see is that that tricep fullness right here. That's what I would like him to be able to fill in to try to create even more with, because that helps that illusion of width on that front last spread, even when you're not the widest in terms of clavicle width. So that's what's gonna really, really help. Now again, pex look really good. Could use a little more upper peck, but again, I'm nitpicking here. Conditioning looks really, really good. I think this is the best condition he was at in the 2024 Mr Olympia. He was third place, but overall conditioning looks great. I feel that as he builds his back more, which is going to help right in here, that is something that is going to show even more dramatic x frame as he builds his lats. And then when that happens, believe it or not, this area right here, right when you get into here, you're gonna see even more detail. So again, that ribcage that goes into the lat area, and then you're gonna start seeing it through the obliques, and then his abdominal walls, we'll get a little bit more separated. That could be just a little bit tighter. But once again, everything looks fantastic. I think it was the best condition, the best look he's ever had at the 2024 Mr Olympia, but I do want to be able to emphasize he still needs to continue to improve. All right guys, before we jump into the next pose and bodybuilding breakdown, I do want to remind you that if you're looking for any of my workouts, they've been all updated on my FST7 app. So you can go to honyrambod.com and for just $1, you can go ahead and get an entire month. That's right, an entire month for only a dollar and have exclusive app content that I've reshot in my gym here in Irving, Texas. So if you're interested in that, go to honyrambod.com and use the code honyyt. That's right, honyyt to be able to give you a dollar for the entire month on my app. So check it out, now back to the next pose. All right, now moving on to the next pose, which is traditionally the first pose, front double bicep. On this one, we were able to find a really good clean high-res picture of him doing a single arm with an arm on the hip. Very classic physique style. Would I really like about this once again? The legs, the legs, separations, the sartoris in here looks absolutely on point. He's getting even more detail in here than he's ever had. So again, vassus lateralis, vassus medialis, all of that, rector for more. All of that is really, really poppin. Again, love the calves. Cows are poppin, which really helps with the flow. Because what your eye really rolls to, when you're looking at a top Olympia competitor, is the gaps. Any judge is looking at this, doesn't look at the strong points. They find the weaknesses first. Then they go, okay, who has the least amount of weaknesses, then they start looking mostly at who has these amazing knockout poses. Now, we're going to go into the upper body. So again, on the front of a bicep, it's improving, but what I'd like to see is even more tricep here, a little bit more bicep right in there. And again, forms make a difference. You're going from one competitor who has crazy crazy forms, Ramon Dino, and then you're going to another one. Again, this is genetics, guys. This isn't because they're not working hard and they're not training. This is just genetics. You're trying to overcome your genetics. But if you could work a little bit more on the overall arm thickness, it would make a huge, huge difference. And as I mentioned earlier on one of the other poses here, filling in that tricep, he's going to be coming in. We're going to try to get a workout into the other. So if you had a chance or hadn't had a chance to watch the workout, definitely go check it out. I'm sure we're going to throw in some arms during that workout. But he's going, again, he's looking at always trying to improve, getting all of the judges' opinions, trying to work on every single detail, because he's chasing perfection. Again, we never hit it, but it's one of those types of physics where he's always improving, which is awesome. Because that's the kind of mentality you have to have to eventually become a champion. So his lats are improving tremendously, and we want to just continue that. So if you can just get it a little bit further out and create even more V-taper outside of there, that's going to look fantastic. A little bit more detail in the midsection would be great, right in that oblique abdominal area, just from that separation in here. Again, really good chest. That looks awesome right through there. And just a little more overall shoulder size. Just a little bit more would go a long way. It's one of those things though, you do have to work within your weight limits. He gets super heavy. So I do feel like being a little closer to his weight division limit is going to make a lot of difference, so you're not so deflated. So that's one of the other things that he could possibly do to make sure that he keeps a little bit more fullness going into peak week. Now onto the next pose, the side chest. Now on the side chest, this is where part of this is actually posing and they will not judge you. The judges will not judge you on what you look like. They judge you on what you present. And what that means is if you look amazing, but you're not flexing your legs with their ripped, they're not going to judge you on the fact that you have ripped legs because you held it for a split second. If you didn't hold it during the mandatory poses. So it's really, really important that you present well and you present your whole package and you want to minimize your flaws and maximize your strengths. Now here's something where I feel like he could really improve on. Now, earth is not known to be super light here. From here to here, almost narrow ask. Now he can show a lot wider if he just twists. So if he was twisting and he was rotating his body in that direction his upper body, keeping his legs exactly the way that they are, what he's going to be able to do is show much, much, much more of that width. Now he's not able to show that right there. So he's looking a bit narrow. So he's going to have to twist his body. He's going to have to build his triceps here so that he has more depth, the wrist tricep. Continue to keep building his arms in general. We want to keep building that up. And then what he wants to do is here in his midsection, he needs to keep that midsection right there tighter. He needs to keep it in, blow out, get all the air out. So he can be able to maximize his x frame from the side. So that is going to allow him to have way better shape on his side poses. So again, x hail out and then twist even further. Once he does that, he's going to be able to show a lot more definition through the area in his obliques here. That's going to have a lot more detail because he's going to blow out. He's going to be able to squeeze on it a bit and be able to see that. And a lot of my athletes, if you've seen them, what I do is also get them to open up that arm and then you'll start seeing even more. So the hotty chopons and everybody else that has a lot of detail there, that's where they really, really shine. They blow out and then they'll open up their arms and twist. And I feel like hers can pull that off if he just works on his posing. So again, twisting and then being able to do that. Now on this particular pose, he's not we're not seeing as much detail through the area where I would like to see the detail and in his chest could have a little bit more detail. So we're going to go ahead and just push that actually in a little bit of red. And a little more detail through there. Let's go here on there that detail there. And also the detail through the shoulders just a little bit more in terms of detail there. It's going to go a long way. But again, when you start to twist, you'll have that pop, but you'll also have a bunch more separation as well. So that's just going to be also a part of it is presentation. But once again, his conditioning was on, I saw it backstage. I saw him on stage and it was definitely the best condition he'd been. Just can be a little bit fuller and drier just a tiny bit. And then if he was twisting and he was presenting better, then I think he would show even further improvement. So now down to his lower body, really good quad sweep. So that is all we're going to clear that up and we're good. That's a green. That's definitely green right there. That looks really, really good. Could you just a little bit more hamstrings in there. Just a tiny bit more. And then you can start seeing that there's a little bit of feathering. He could have a little bit deeper glute, but it could just be that he's not putting his weight on there. So what I have my athletes do is put their weight right on that toe, push down a bit and you can get even more detail through that glute section. Cabs from the side look great. That looks dead on. And again, right here that arch that fullness in that outer quad sweep looks fantastic. Really, really, really like that look. And once again, continuing to focus on building in those forearms, that's going to help as well because you're going to just not look as balanced if you have smaller forearms. So great, great look, great conditioning just needs to work on just the slight adjustments. All right, we're going into the last pose, back double biceps. On the back double bicep pose, I'm going to go ahead and go green. That lower body, we're going to start on lower body, calves on point, good hamstring detail. Really good quad sweep. So it really helps accentuate the lower X frame. You can see glutes are on point, striated, super tight, dry. That looks really, really good. And again, I feel like sometimes when he pushes on certain different poses, sometimes he lets go of the glutes. He's got to stay on them through the entire pose. So you can't let up because again, by the time they take that photo over that judge looks over from one competitor to the next, if you let go, it doesn't look like you even had him in the first place. So you gotta make sure that you're working on flexing all of the body parts at the same time, not just back double bicep and loosening up the glutes or the hamstrings. You gotta be able to work all the way from the floor up. Now, going into the back, this is where we need to be able to continue the improvement process. The width here is one of the most important things that Irz has to work on going into this 20, 25 season. He's not doing the Arno Classic, he's taking time off, he's trying to work on these points. So working on those lats to be able to give him maximum width because right now, because of that V-taper, what's happening is it actually makes him look not as wide. And again, he's not naturally super wide in the first place, but if he can keep building that back up, that's going to help tremendously with the optical illusion. Because body building is an optical illusion folks. You need to make sure you're able to show off that 3D muscle when you have it, the width when you have it, and the detail when you have it. So being able to also get a little bit more in terms of separation in the inner back is going to make a big difference as well. So as he gets wider, he wants to be able to really hit those lower trap rhomboid area so that that can be able to really pop. So that he shows off that separation and that's when he's going to have that it factor where that eyes are now drawn to that. Right now he's losing on that pose because the lack of the density and the width necessary to show the separation that can really step yourself apart from everybody else on your left and you're right. So that's where he's going to be able to really shine. Now going into his arms again, just continuing to work on him. They're getting better but continuing that process as well as the shoulders. But everything has to grow together because if his shoulders get too big and it's going to make his back look even narrower. So really the number one priority right now is his back. That's what's going to really make his body shine and go next level. So again, he's doing a great job. I'm being super, super picky here guys, but I just want you to know what I see in my mind's eye when I look at somebody's physique and how to make it improve. Okay, and a couple of the key movements that I would make sure that he does not slip up on is rose. Making sure that you're hitting your rose to continue to thick up your back is super important. So Ben Ovarrow's, I'm a huge fan of reverse grip rose, especially to be able to engage that lower lat area in here right there. And making sure that you're also doing multiple grips when you're doing pull downs. So don't just stick to one overhand grip. A lot of people do it. Think it's done or they end up doing a pull up overhand and it's done. Change the angles. It's really really important. You constantly change the angle. So as you're doing a pull down, make sure you're not just using overhand grip, not just using neutral grip, but also using an underhand grip. So it's going to be really important. You hit that back and multiple angles. So between that and the rose is what I would really really focus on going into this prep. Now it's time for the final rating for EURs the Miracle Bear. After placing third and twenty twenty four and from what I see his best look yet, I have him at eight point five sandals. That's right, eight point five sandals and great conditioning just needs to continue working on his back and being able to work on his arms a little bit more. Definitely has room to improve, but he's right there on the doorstep. So eight point five, let me know which you guys think down in the comments below and who you would like to see next on Rate your physique. I'm Hunter Rambad and I'm out.

=== FILE: 25X Olympia Winning Coach Rates RAMON DINO Physique [xErpNf8lFsU].txt ===

What's up guys? Honey Rambot here, 25 time, Olympia winning coach. And I'm here to rate your physique. We're doing another bodybuilding breakdown. We have none other than Ramon Dino in the hot seat. Last time we did Wesley Vissers, you guys gave me some great feedback. Some of you asked to do a couple of different colors as we're doing the breakdown. So on this episode, I'm gonna put the things that I really like in green. The things that I think we can approve upon in red. So let's go ahead and let's get started with Ramon Dino. This is from the 2024 Mr. Olympia. This is fourth place where he came in, just a little bit smaller, a little bit watery, but he has been as high as second two years prior as well as the year before. So 2022, 2023, Ramon came in at some of his best looks. And this time a little bit off, but we're gonna go ahead and use the last show and let's break it down. All right, we're gonna go ahead and start off with the first pose, which is the front double biceps. So again, on the front double bicep, first thing that stands out, not only does he have great arms, he has crazy, crazy forearms. So right there, that's all in green, amazing arms and those forearms are absolutely insane. Right in here, you see how thick his forearms are. To be honest, I would say if he isn't careful, they could end up becoming too big. Can you have too big of a forearms? Absolutely, because what they'll do is they'll create a disproportionate look between your bicep, tricep, and the rest of your arm, because if your forearms are really, really big, they could actually make your bicep starting to look small. So again, having great forearms is awesome, but when they're too big, it can take away from your physique. Now, looking at his bottom half right here, or Wesley had issues, Ramon awesome calves, the bicep to cav ratio is on point. I mentioned this before, it's really important that you do not lose the symmetry between your upper body and your lower body. So I love the fact that he has great symmetry from his arms to his calves, because that really helps balance out the top and lower portion of his physique. Now let's go ahead and move on to his quads. Great quads sweep, right here, this is all in green. That quads sweep looks absolutely amazing, really nice and wide, very thick quads, but nicely separated. And again, this wasn't his best look. So what I like to see a little more detail in that area, yes. So what I'm gonna do is on that one, I'm moving a little bit more into the red. Again, here and here, we're gonna run that in red, over that green, just a little more detail. And as he dries out, he's gonna be even more separated, but his quality of his muscle is outstanding. Great quad with, great quads sweep, just a little more detail, but when you get that conditioning and get to his water and that dryness just right, that's gonna really look amazing. Now we move on to his midsection. Midsection is green, because he's got the X frame, that waist is still small, really looks tight. I love the fact that I could see the outline of his abs right there. These are really nice outlines. And what that does is it really gives you that textured look. I really like that defined texture look. So you don't just have a flat stomach, but you can actually see some of that abdominal muscles popping, really like that. Now moving on to the lats, lats could just come a little bit more. He's got great shape, but I'm gonna move that a little more into the red and just say, just a little bit more there, and we're gonna change that color just so, because it could use just a little bit more improvement, because it's going to make that X frame even better. We're looking for that gigantic X that we're always looking for in that X frame physique. So again, what are we talking about here? That X here to there. So what we wanna do is make sure that that continues. So if we can get it even more extreme with a wider, lat to waist ratio, and then he's got these amazing quads, just get him dialed in just a little bit tighter. He's gonna look even better. Again, this wasn't his all-time best look. Volume was a little bit down, and conditioning could have been just a bit tighter, but overall an amazing physique. Let's now move on to the second pose. That was the front double bicep pose. Now we're gonna go into the side chest. But before we go into the side chest, gotta make sure I take a sip of the EVP Extreme RTD, the all-new EVP Extreme RTD, with 10 grams of glycerol, 200 milligrams of caffeine, 1.5, mix of yo, 6 grams of citrling, 3.2 grams of beta-allinine, lion's main, DMAE, how do I know about all these ingredients? Because I designed it. So you get the best of all three worlds. If you take an EVP-aq extreme or 3D, you know all those ingredients, and they've been all put into this new RTD. So check it out, evegenutrition.com, or your local gym. Now we're gonna move on to the next pose, which is gonna be side chest. So right here, side chest, what I really like is his width. That width that we're looking for here, he's twisting just the right amount. His quad to hamstring width looks really good. That's what we wanna look at. Cabs, again, even from the side, just because you have calves from one angle, doesn't mean they're complete. Always look at working all the different areas of the cap. Now on the hamstrings, I would say if we can turn around and we're gonna use the hamstrings here, they could drop just a little bit more. So again, seated lay curls, lying lay curls, as well as a straight lay, lay a deadlift would continue to help just to give him even more depth from the outer quad area here, from that outer quad area here, to the hamstring area. So we really wanna make sure that you look really wide from the side. And doing those exercises are gonna make a huge difference. Now as we move on to the upper body, again, great arms, very nice chest. Overall, conditioning, as I mentioned, if he is dialed in and he's super dry, he's gonna look even more striated through the chest. And you're gonna just actually look bigger. Even though you might be a couple pounds lighter. So what I would definitely would suggest is just make sure to get that water manipulation right the last couple of days. And when it comes to the side chest, I would like to see just a little more depth in the tricep, that outer tricep. And doing some reverse grip, push downs, would really help that. I think that if he concentrates a little bit more on that outer, he'll show even more with when it comes to his overall arms. Cause he's got these great biceps, but if we can turn around and just get a little bit more here, I think that's gonna be even more impressive cause we wanted to arch just a little bit more to show even more with. All right, after the side chest, now we're gonna go into the back double bicep, the last and final breakdown. All right, on the back double bicep, the first thing that I see is a great upper back. He's got just the entire back looks really nice all the way through. So I look at his shoulder separation here and here, love seeing that. Biceps peaked really nice. He's doing a great job with his posing. He's showing that width from here all the way to the other lat. Now, could he be a little bit bigger and a little thicker? Yes, but I do think that that is something that is a prep issue. It is not necessarily a, hey, let me get in the gym and try to make it better that he needs to be better. It's more of that prep. But you can always use a little bit wider back and always use a little thicker back. But when it comes to this, you're going to see so much more detail as you get more conditioned. But I really, really like what I see. Also, he's got a great, great traps all through here. Looks awesome. Now, could he have a little bit more in the back as we talked about from the front? Yes, just a little bit more. We'd give him an extra amount of V-taper. His lower back looks really good through here. That looks excellent. The glutes here are going to get tighter as his conditioning continues to get better. And they get that peak perfected. Also, hamstrings here as well. When you're looking at the hamstrings, you want to just be able to see a little bit more of that fine detail. So as I work back here, you can be able to see that the fine details are not quite there, but that just has to be a little bit of the conditioning issue. Now, as he dries out, you're going to see more of that. And that's going to make a huge difference in the overall pop and that separation that we're constantly looking for. Same thing, actually goes for the calves as well. As from the front, you can see him nice and full, they're popping, they look really, really good. But again, just, they could use just a little more detail here just as he gets a little bit drier and a little bit more conditioned. But overall, he's got a great physique especially from the back. And he's improved it quite a bit. Just be able to nail it when he comes into his next show. All right, guys, again, 1 through 10. No, I'm going to have to do it by sandals, 10 being the ultimate physique. I give Ramon Dino an 8.3 sandal score. I know he's doing his offseason right now. He's taking some time off. He's not doing the Arnold Classic. Don't know what show he's doing before the Olympia or if he's just going to go straight to the Olympia. But I know this was definitely a little bit of a down show for him, but I know he's going to have all the motivation in the world to go next level, come 2025 Olympia. So again, let me know what you think of Ramon Dino's physique and what you thought of my breakdown. But also, let me know who you like to see next on right your physique, the bodybuilding breakdown. Honey Rambad, and I'm out, peace.

=== FILE: 25X Olympia Winning Coach Rates SAM SULEK Physique [RiqvlVLhe5s].txt ===

What's up everyone? Honny Rambot here, 25-time Olympia winning coach, and welcome back to Rate Your Fazeak. I have none other than Sam Sully on deck. He just got done this weekend, doing his first show. He did the Las Vegas Muscle Contest Legends show. So it's called the NPC Legends Classic. So shout out to Muscle Contest, Team Rilagundi, and the crew out there in Las Vegas. It was February 15th. So no one expected him to get on stage, except for those that really follow him and knew that he was doing cardio. And he did mention he didn't know whether or not he was going to be able to make it in the classic physique weight class. Because he was around 230, 231 pounds. His weight class for about 5-11 is 217. But from what I know, he did suck down obviously. He made weight and he got on stage. And this is his first show. So and this is my first amateur of Rate Your Fazeak. So I'm going to go ahead and again, try to really break down the physique, be able to give out the strong points and places where he can also improve. So first of all, let's start off with Front Double Biceps. So good thing about Sam, he's got really good arms, really good arms, nice peaks. I'm going to go ahead and really highlight the fact that especially his biceps. He's got great peak, good fullness, and he's got a really nice full set of arms. The place where I would like to see improvement in his arms, though, is a little bit more tricep. And guys, I am being very, very picky here. So I'm going to give you the assessment and then I'm going to go ahead and break it down and give a rating at the very end. But again, on the tricep area, as good as it looks from the front, on his front relaxed pose that I'm not showing here. He could use a little bit more fullness. And what I would do is continue to keep building up that tricep and work on a reverse grip, push down, single arm. Could be double arm or single arm. I prefer the single to be able to really hit those fibers that are really needed to be able to get that tricep to really arch out on that front relaxed pose. But it'll even make the drop even more dramatic on the front double bicep. Because as we're looking right here, that front double, if we can drop that tricep just a little bit more, it's going to create even more fullness. But again, guys, I am being super picky. And you got to remember, this is his first show, but I want to be able to give a critique where he could take this. And any of you guys that are coaches or any of the athletes out there on how I break down a physique. So great front double bicep, nice V-taper. I think his V-taper is really good. I like the way that he's doing his vacuum. He doesn't genetically have the smallest waste, but I do feel like his great lats here. And that's going to just keep improving. Guys, this is his first show. So that's what this, you got to be really, really, he's got to be really proud of himself. Because he did a great job. He was able to really hit that pose. And the other spot is that his overall leg development is actually quite good. What he just needs to do is get a bit more separation. So again, this is just a little more separation in here. What I am guessing happen is that he tried to drop that weight. He dropped over almost over 10, 12, 14 pounds in the last week. Because I remember hearing 231 in the beginning of the week, and then he had to come down to 2017 to weigh in. And what happened is he just, you flat now. And if he had to go on stage heavier, I think he would definitely look even better. But he's looking to be able to really capture a pro card that looks like in Classic physique. So that's something that he's going to hone in between now. And it sounds like he's doing the Arnold Classic, or he can get a pro card. And he's going to be able to go for that. So what he's going to have to do is keep his weight a little bit closer to that su 17 mark and just dial in more detail all through his legs. And be able to really get a little bit more definition in there to be able to match the definition as upper body. Because his conditioning was really, really good. So again, another great point good calves, matching up those arms. Did a great job on that. And some people were critiquing his posing again. I'm not going to critique his posing too much, but from what I did see, I didn't think it was bad at all. I think that especially guys got to remember, it's his first show. You've got nerves. You have a lot of different things going on in your head. You're trying to be able to hit your poses right. And it's just those butterflies, right? So you got to get out the first time jitters. And I'm sure that's what he went through. So even between the pre-judging and the finals, I know that he had mentioned in one of the interviews that he really felt more comfortable. So again, that's just because he got that initial just anxiety in that stage a little bit of that nervousness out. And it's great seeing somebody who was quote and quote an influencer getting on stage. Because now he's be able to actually do all of those things. All of that buildup of hard work in the gym and be able to show it up on stage. And I think he did an absolute great job. So again, on the front, really good X-frame, has to continue to keep working on the legs. And remember, one of the things that I do want to mention is you're going to have a higher weight class once he's able to turn pro. But you've got to get there. That's the hard part about it is that his physique is going to look better heavier. But he can't quite get heavier until you turn pro. And then you can fill out your physique because the weight class jumps up. And then he can fill that frame up even further. But I thought he did a fantastic job. Fronto Vicep looks really good. Just like to see a little more detail in the legs. But again, probably I had a lot to do with the legs. We're just still flat from having to make that weight. Had to lose over 10 pounds. And once he's able to kind of dial that in between now and the Arnold Classic, you're going to see even more detail between now and then on that front double bicep as well as the front quads. All right, guys, before we jump into the next pose and bodybuilding breakdown, I do want to remind you that if you're looking for any of my workouts, they've been all updated on my FST7 app. So you can go to harnirambod.com and for just $1. You can go ahead and get an entire month. That's right, an entire month for only $1. And have exclusive app content that I've reshot in my gym here in Irving Texas. So if you're interested in that, go to harnirambod.com and use the code harni-y-t. That's right, harni-y-t to be able to give you a dollar for the entire month on my app. So check it out, now back to the next pose. Now we're going to go on to the second pose, the back double biceps. Really, really nice, back double bicep. I really love his upper back here. Arm development, short development, it looks really good. Again, if you can just build up a little bit more in regards to the arms, just a little bit. Again, guys, I'm being super nitpicky, but looks phenomenal for the first show. I'm going to keep saying this during the entire breakdown, phenomenal for the first show. But overall, shoulders look great. I'm going to give that a huge green box right there. Biceps, forearms, everything looks really good. Just a little bit more on the triceps. And then what's going to happen is his back. We're going to talk a little bit about his back. I feel like he could use a little bit more in regards to a little bit more V-taper, but that can't come in until he ends up being pro. He's got a lot of room to grow when he turns pro because he's going to have a higher weight class or eventually if he decides to go open. But right now, as he's in classic, he has a wake cap and he barely made it. He really sucked down at the very end. And he proved that he can suffer. He was doing the cardio, he was doing the diet, he was really on top of it, and he was able to suffer his way down to lose that 10 almost 15 pounds at the very end to be able to really make weight. And I think his back looks great. I think you got to remember posing wise. He could use a little bit of tweaking on his posing, leaning back a bit, would help just a bit to bring his back up and arching and getting his chest up on that back double bicep. We'll give a little bit more depth in here and in here. So what's going to do is you're going to have those lower traps, slash rhomboids pop a little bit more, show a little more 3D effect. But again, everything looks phenomenal. Lower back, huge green point. I mean, that's one of those really nice standout body parts on him. His erectors were popping. It was Christmas in the middle of February, guys. He didn't think Valentine's Day, he was thinking Christmas. Definitely had the amazing Christmas tree when he saw the video. He's elbows back. You can see strations all through his lower back that looked great. That was a conditioning thing. Now going to his lower body. You can see nice lines. Again, as damageure, this looks really, really good. These are all green areas. Looks really, really good. An area. Again, calves looked awesome. They match up with the biceps very, very well. So again, we're looking for that top to bottom symmetry. A place where he could improve on his backside. His glutes, right? So through his glutes, the glute area here. What we want to see is a little bit more strations through there. Again, he was very heavy and then he started coming down. That won't come in until he keeps his weight down. Then you'll be able to get deeper and deeper. He'll grow his glutes a little bit more as he starts to really focus on them a bit more. Now that he's seeing the pictures, he's going to go back with or himself or with his team. Whether he's got a couple of people that are kind of, he's going to bounce ideas off at the very least. I know that he's got to have some people, whether it's his family members, I believe his brother or whoever, or maybe he has a coach. I do not know, but one of the things that he is going to do is look at these photos and he's going to say, how can I improve? He's going to have some short-term goals between now and the Arnold. And then he's going to have some long-term goals from now into next year. But short-term, he can get his glutes even tighter. But he's just got to be careful not to suck down too much because he doesn't want to lose his legs. But bringing that in is just going to be time. But again, I'm nitpicking here, guys. I am giving you my eye here where I'm going to say, this is where I would continue to focus. Continue to keep building up the glutes a little bit. But you don't want the glutes to get too big because if the glutes get too big, it makes everything else look smaller. So you just need to get him a little bit bigger, a little tighter, but he's just going to take some time and then he'll get rid of that small little fold in his lower glute area. And that's going to just get better and better as he goes for his pro-card and eventually, you know, turns pro. I feel like he's got a ton of potential. I think he looked absolutely phenomenal. Backside looked great. I think the only area where I would just be able to really focus on being able to really hit is the glutes. I would do single leg Bulgarian split squats. I would do some thrust hip thrusts. I would really try to just do some extra work on those glutes to be able to get them to isolate and fire. So that way you can have that glute area just as detailed as his upper body. So again, I think that looks fantastic and he did an amazing job, especially for his first show. All right guys, now moving on to the next pose side chest. Side chest, Sam's got a great chest. Lots of good fibers. Really, really deep. Really like that look. Delt's are looking bang on. Does look really good. Biceps look awesome. Doing a really good job being able to show his with. One thing that he needs to do right here, bro. You look great. Smile, bro. Smile. That's it, smile. You're having a great time. But again, probably still bit nervous. But he looks great and he's showing off a great great physique. I really like the detail in his core right there. That looks awesome. Going down to his lower body, you can see here he's just a little bit flat. So guys, if he just had a little bit more time to fill up or didn't have to drop as much, you would see even more detail all through his quaj right there. So I'm going to clean that up a little bit. So you see it. If you see those little striations that go from here to here, that depth is going to get even deeper. All he's got to do is be able to be a little bit closer in weight so that he has time to literally fill up the lower body. Because again, your laser, your biggest body part. So it's going to take the longest to fill out. And then what he's going to do is he's going to be able to have it even more detailed. Another spot where I feel like he looked really good is the side of those calves. Lot of good really good detail in there. That looked awesome. Places where I could see the improvement similar to what we talked about on his backside. We're going to go ahead and go over to the glute area. Again, it's not a glute show, but when you turn around and try to turn pro, those little details is what matters. So as he ends up getting really etched through here, he's going to be able to really have that stand out body part to flow upper body detail with that lower body detail. And as I said, when he fills up those legs and that's just again, that's just a preparation to last couple of days thing, making sure to keep your weight closer to where you want to weigh in. So you can be able to not need as much to fill out. I believe you mentioned that he was going to like about 900 grams of carbs. Again, all those carbs don't kick in right away. So even if you had time from the day before, you're not going to get all of those to turn a glicogen right away and be able to hit your body. So if you can be a little bit closer in weight to the weight class that you have to be able to weigh in for, you're going to be able to see even more detail because you won't be as flat because your body has been closer to that weight cap that you're trying to target. The more you have to stretch to be able to get to that weight cap, the flatter you're going to look in the heart is to fill up. So again, these are all things that he's going to be able to dial in in the next couple of weeks on his journey to try to get his pro card. Hamstrings could have a little bit more drop. We talked about that area in there right in there. Again, straight leg deadlift, lying lay curls, doing seated lay curls. Those are all going to really, really help. But again, I'm being nitpicky. So just remember, phenomenal phenomenal job and that Arnold asked upper back looks great from here to here. All of this is all looking amazing detail. Lots of good muscle, really good traps, really good shoulders, arms look good. Could you just a little more through here in that tricep just to help fill it up. Bicep looks great. But he was holding his pose quite well. You can see the upper back development. I think the place where we want to be able to see a bit more detail again, right through here. And this is, I'm doing a green in red because he has the glute. He just cuts the squeeze it. So he's going to have to hold that pose and he's just got to get a little bit bigger and a little more detailed. But the side quad looks fantastic through there. Hamstring is that fills in a little bit more that's going to be even more impressive to show off the overall width of his lower body to go along with all of this width that we broke down all the way through here. So we want to be able to kind of match all of that up. But again, guys, he did a fantastic job. So again, I don't usually do any of the, uh, I haven't to now done an amateur rate or physique. So I feel like I got to use a different system for the overall, instead of Olympia sandals. I do, I think we should just call this the amateur cups. So we're going to use amateur cups on this one and I'm going to go ahead and give this a 9.5. Again, 9.5, which is phenomenal. And the only reason why I didn't give it a 10 is because I felt like if his weight was a little lower and he had a little more detail in his quads. He and his glutes were just a little bit tighter. He would be a 10. So again, guys, I am super nitpicky. Where would you rate his physique on a scale from one to 10 on the amateur scale? Again, the reason why we didn't do sandals here. He's not a pro, but on an amateur scale, I think he hit it. It's still a solid solid A and honestly, I feel he knocked it out of the park. 9.5 out of 10, just right there and let's see what happens. I think he's going to be able to get really close to getting that 10 into weeks, and possibly a pro card. But let me know what you guys think of Sam and how he did this last weekend. Again, guys, do not forget to like, subscribe, turn on your bell notifications, and let me know who you want to see next on rate your physique. Honey Rambot, 25-time Olympic winning coach, and I'm out.

=== FILE: 25X Olympia Winning Coach Rates SAM SULEK Pro Qualifier [puZvifBRc-Y].txt ===

What's up guys? Honny Rambot here, 25-time Olympia Winning Coach. And I am here in Columbus, Ohio. Unfortunately, I did not get a chance to see the pre-judging of the amateur, but I did see the videos. I just got them uploaded here on the iPad. And now I'm gonna go ahead and break down what I saw because everybody has been talking about Sam Sulek and his pro qualifier. Trying to go out there and trying to get his pro card. So we're gonna go ahead and watch him get on stage and start hitting those poses. So we're gonna go ahead and get his walk out right to a front double bicep. This is where he's improved the most. So let's go ahead and take a look at his quads. Normally I'll go ahead and start bringing out the pen, but because I'm traveling and I'm putting this together for you guys really quickly, I'm gonna go ahead and just cover the areas and be able to discuss it more in detail as I get back into the studio. But I want to be able to give him props for squeezing his legs and also having much better conditioning in his legs than the prior competition. It was able to really dial it in. Got even more separation. He's holding his poses, but he looks like he's even better shape. His conditioning looks like he dropped a couple of pounds. Ways looks even tighter, quads or even better detailed. Also kept that nice sweep, so he didn't lose any of that size in his quads. Upper body looks phenomenal. Again, a little bit tighter. Looks like he came down just a couple of pounds, but he's drier and more conditioned with even better separation. So that front double bicep is much more dominant than it was before. Now let's go ahead and he's transitioning right to that side tricep. Once again, even more detailed through the side of not only his obliques, but also his quads. You see his quads still pushing. He's got really nice width and that quad de hamstring. And his glutes look even tighter than the previous show. Chest still really full, great detail through the deltoids. Tricep looks even drier and his bicep is popping. So good combination of conditioning and fullness. So he's doing a great job. Let's go ahead and just slowly come in to another transition right to that side chest. So here he go. Okay, this is where he did not take my advice. He's not smiling. You gotta enjoy yourself. Look at what you just brought Sam, smile, brother. You're having a great time. You should be because you're really bringing the whole note or level. Again, the last rating was 9.5. He was right there for his first show. This is a pro qualifier. He brought an even better conditioning. Didn't lose any size and brought an even better V-Taper. So color looks on point as well. Side chest looks really nice. Definitely can see more conditioning through the quads. The hamstring is especially the glute. Looks like he might have changed up the trunks a bit. And that looks really, really good as well because they're a little higher cut. You can see a little bit more glute. But not just you see better glute, but you're more glute. But you're actually seeing more conditioning in that glute. So I'm sure he took his photos. Was able to look at him. And who knows, maybe he even looked at one of the episodes. The last episode I did. And was able to get some constructive criticism there. But either way did an amazing job and I see even more detail in his midsection on that side chest as well. So great job on that. And he's hitting that pose really well. All right guys, before I go into the next pose in the next critique, I just want to remind you. The truth system, my coaching platform is about to launch. So if you're interested, make sure you go on to honyrambot.com and sign up to be notified. Not everyone's going to be accepted, but you can apply there. So again, my own coaching platform will be launching very soon. Check it out, honyrambot.com. And let's get back to critiquing Sam's physique. There you go. Now another transition. And he's going into that three quarter turn boom. Right there. That's that classic Arnold pose. So on that one, again, conditioning looks great. Quad looks awesome hamstring. He just needs to squeeze his glutes. His illustrations are there. He's just not squeezing them hard enough because I know that they're because I saw him in the other poses in the illustrations were hidden. So again, I'm being a little bit nitpicky, but once again, definitely improvement. Doing a good job of this posing. And he's definitely improved. You can tell he got a little bit of those jitters out as little butterflies. And he's definitely looking more at ease on stage. So now let's go ahead. And let's keep moving it forward. And he's going back to the front. He's going into that ab thigh pose. Boom. There we go. So on that one, midsection looks great. Doing a good job holding that pose. So the right leg needs to flex a little bit more because I know it's strided because you could see it on the front double bicep. He's just not hitting it on the right leg. He should think about hitting that first, creating separation, then going into the left leg. But you can see it's definitely improved better conditioning, better posing, but just not flexing that right leg. Just would give it if he'd have that and just be a little bit more pop. But once again, everything was improved upon. And that looked awesome. So again, he's going to a great job waving to the crowd, waving to the judges to everybody, all the supporters out there. And I think what makes it so special is the fact that he's talking then it's so much of his journey. You do these daily blogs. A lot of people have connected with him on that. And now they're excited to see the next stage of his journey. And the first part of it was the fact that he got ready for his first show. And many influencers train, but they don't ever compete because they don't want to be judged. But he did, which was awesome. He put himself out there because he could have easily gotten shot down because of that and created exposure for himself and his personal brand. But you know what? He put his money with his mouth is and he was able to do it on his terms, which is awesome. And then he came back, got a little bit tighter, worked on his posing and was able to come in just a couple weeks later and be able to bring in a nicer package. And then now, guess what? He just won the overall. And I believe he got his pro card too. Again, I just got the flight. I just heard all about it. And 100% I am very proud of Sam. He's done a great, great job. And for those of you that are waiting to see where I rate him in the amateur cup, I want to scale from one to 10 and 10 being absolutely perfect, 9.9. That's right, 9.9. If that right leg was just a little more separating, would it held that pose? I think he could have had that 10. But again, that's it. Maybe just a little bit more of that smiling. I really want to see him smile on stage and just be able to really enjoy it. Or give it at least a little smirk. But at the end of the day, he did an amazing job. Let me know what you guys think. Again, this makes it really exciting. He put himself out there for all of these different year, the whole since he's been on YouTube. And let me know what you think. Are you guys as excited as excited as I am? And everybody else to see somebody, put their money where their mouth is and be able to actually step up and do this and then get your pro card. I am. I'm here at the Arnold Classic. I'm going to be at the EVGEN booth. I'm going to be at the KSM66 booth. I'm going to be here at the Pannata booth, as well as young LA, all the different brands that I work with and I get to see all of you. So super blessed. I really appreciate all of you. You guys have given me some amazing feedback and just do not forget to like, subscribe, and share the channel and I'll continue to keep these going. And if you want to see me do an actual breakdown with some exercises, let me know because I will be more than happy to once I get back to the studio. But again, congratulations Sam. And for all of you out there, all of you, I've gotten now, I'm going into my Texas mode for all you out there that are thinking about stepping on stage. Do so at least once because it'll build discipline and that discipline is going to carry on with everything else in your life, even in your profession. So make sure you're thinking about doing it. Make sure you get out there and get up there and compete. I love you all. Honey Ram Bud, peace.

=== FILE: 25x OLYMPIA WINNING COACH RATES Anton Ratushnyi's Physique [Zg9BWV_tNZM].txt ===

Welcome to another great your physique. I've been looking in the comments on the previous episodes and Anton is someone that keeps popping up. I did do a workout with Anton. I think he is a great athlete. He was one of the youngest. I have a few pros. If not the youngest in the classic physique division, he just did his pro debut in Pittsburgh. It was placed in the top six, which is great. I know that he was telling me when we trained that he felt flat and he felt like he didn't quite nail the peak. But I think he's got a lot of potential. I think he's got a great head on his shoulders. And again, now at 21, just a couple years after turning pro, I think that he's going to continue to keep thriving. But let's go ahead and let's go in and see what he needs to work on to be able to get to that next level with Anton. Right now, looking at strong points, I really, really like his legs. So great separation in his legs, fastest ladder, Alice, and Medialis, everything is popping. I love the fact that he's got those really nice separate tier drops. Caves looking good can always be just a little bit bigger, but honestly, I think he's got a good start. One of the things that I really like to is he's still got that tight waist. He's got to keep that waist as a pro that's starting out. It's always going to be hard when you're putting on size to keep that waist tight. But one thing he does have is he's got that nice tight waist. And you know what, guys? I am using blue this time instead of green, tell me whether or not in the comments below if you like green or if you like the blue, but using something a little bit different to see if there's a little bit different contrast in what you guys like. But let me go ahead, let me know in the comments below. Now, another good thing is I like his triceps. I like the fact that his back, it's flaring, but he could always be a little bit better. Now let's talk about what he can do to improve. All right, overall on mass, so on this, I would like to see bigger biceps. So again, what is that going to entail? That's going to be a really good mind muscle connection, making sure that he's not using too much shoulder when he's doing his curls. Really good supination of the wrist, making sure that he's using, it could be a curl machine, it could be using any kind of dumbbell movement, but really supinating at the top of that full range of motion and turning that pinky outward and just really squeezing. And then nice negative to be able to really slow down that eccentric is going to make a big difference. So that's going to really help fill out his arms. It's not about just trying to pick up the heaviest amount of weight, especially for arms arms, are a finesse muscle group. If you want your arms to get bigger, you're going to have to use technique. It can't just be heavy dumbbells, because then you're going to put all of the weight into momentum and into your shoulders and you're not going to have your arms grow. So that's something that's super, super important. Other places that can still be a little bit bigger is going to be his back. Now again, that's going to continue to grow. He's just 21 years old guys. So he's about, I believe, around 210 to 220 around that 510, 511 mark. And I feel like what really can improve is just as he becomes more mature, his physique is going to mature and that new muscle is going to marinate and you're going to start seeing it even more strided. But for his age, he's got some really good greenness. Another spot that I really like is the fact that you can see those striations in the mid-quad area really like that as well. But again, starting off his career, going into the Pittsburgh Pro and placing in the top 6 is an amazing accomplishment. Let's go on to the next pose. Here's one of his strong poses. Side chest. This is where the conditioning really, really sets him apart from all those other competitors that he's going up against. And we're going to talk about all of the areas that he is strong. So again, those glutes dug in right dug in great insertion right all the way. Look how low and deep that goes. That's amazing. That area is really, really hard to get really separated. He's got that. He's got some really nice quad sweep on that outer sweep on that side pose. Good hamstrings. He can still build up his hamstrings a bit more. But I'm still going to give that an A minus because he's got that hamstring drop. It's just going to continue to keep dropping as he gets bigger. But great conditioning. Great. You can even see how dry he is from the side. Now he did say he was flat. I mentioned that earlier. But I do feel like he could have been a bit fuller. But I think they were just being conservative because they probably didn't want him to spill. But all in all, good shape. Also, I like his shoulders. Nice roundness. You've got some graininess popping out on through those delts. And if he was a little bit fuller, I think he was starting seeing even more strations and a bit more fullness in his chest. Because you can see it's there. It's just not popping because he was probably about 80% in regards to his fullness of what he could have been 85%. So that extra 10 or 15% would really make a much more 3D and much more separated especially up into that upper chest area. And again, also one of the areas that he needs to be able to really grow is going to be his arms. So that would also really help. So as we go through and we look at his triceps and we look at his biceps, they're there. They just need overall more mass and more volume. And even if he was a bit fuller, it's going to actually look even bigger, even though just by just pure fullness alone, it will give you an illusion of being bigger. But eventually when he adds more tissue, that's going to make a huge difference. This is going to be the curls that we talked about. I would recommend also hammer curls to try to hit the entire arm. It's going to help any of everything from his forearm up to his bicep brachialis. But also, I'm a huge proponent of, again, that you've seen on any of my videos in the last 20 years, you're going to notice that I love, love, love to do very specific spider curls. Like when you're on the spider curls, I don't care if you're doing them with barbell, they could be with a cambered bar, they can be with dumbbells, you can do them with even hammer style with a hammer grip. But that's going to make a big difference. So I would definitely recommend him working on those to be able to really thicken up those arms. So again, and then the stretch curls too. The stretch curls where you have the cable behind you and your stretching further back, many videos I've done those in the past and then being able to go full range of motion. And with a de-handle, those work amazingly well, that's going to help him continue to keep up with the thickness and those shoulders. Because he's got really good shoulders, he just needs to get those arms to be able to catch up to the shoulders. So that's going to be huge for him. Just a reminder for those of you that are keep asking about the FST7 app, it has been updated once again. We are doing constant updates every two weeks. There's new content being uploaded in the app and in our community board, it's been growing. So if you're interested, make sure you go to honeyrambought.com, use code, honey, yt for your dollar for your first month. Check it out. You have full access to my entire workout catalog as well as any exclusive content. So go ahead, check that out and now let's go on to this back double-by-step pose. All right, let's start off once again with all of the great things that he's got going on with his physique. Great, good-hand-tion. Hamstrings are dug out. If you notice that, he's starting to get those little cords. Phil Heath was known for when he got a really crazy dry, they look like little steel cables. Once your body matures, that's going to continue to get thicker and get even more separated. He's going to continue to keep growing those quads and then he's going to have that width that you need from behind to keep up with the shoulder width. And you can see he's got good quads from behind right now, but that's going to continue to keep improving. But again, very nice separation in the hamstrings like that look. Glutes, striated, awesome. And back, again, I think that he's has just a tiny little bit of asymmetry. It looks like could also be the lighting. But as he builds up his back, he's going to have to do some single-arm motion pull downs, some deep grip, de-handle grip pull downs that's going to help as well. And make sure that as you're trying to grow those back muscles, you need to make sure deep tissue is going to help to be able to really help release those adhesions so that you get some of that tightness in those terries and in those lats, that deep tissue massage, foam rolling, all of those things are going to go a long, long way. But that's all of that and being able to just have that muscle marinade is going to go a long way. But again, really good shoulders and his arms are bad, they just got to get a little bit bigger to keep up with those shoulders. Now again, where I feel like the biggest improvements that need to be had is the overall back thickness and with. You want to work underneath in that terries, I'm sorry, terries area, but also in that lower trap area, rhomboid area. And as we're trying to thicken up that lower lat, a lot of reverse grip is going to help that area. And as well, whether it's pull downs or whether it's been over rose, or going to go a long, long way. And again, I'm going to stick around calves. He's got calves, just keep growing them, keep growing the calves, but they look good. I've seen guys that have zero calves when the Olympia. I mentioned that on one of the other videos I'm going to be doing on one of the ex Olympia winners. But you guys can guess below who you think I'm talking about. But all in all, great, great physique, I think he's going to make some amazing gains here in the next year or two. And I feel like he's got another show coming up soon. So I cannot wait to see him as he peaks properly and gets to know his body with his coach. I think he's going to be able to really make some formidable competition to some of the more established guys on the circuit as we speak. And let's go back and let's see one more pose before we move on. On the final pose, we have an ab thigh shot. As you can see, I think great, great separation in his legs really, really nice in regards to the way that he's holding his pose. You can tell that the picture wasn't taken exactly in the moment that he was supposed to be like set up perfectly. Otherwise, he'd be looking up and just crunching a little bit harder, but you can see abs are all there. And again, this is genetic too. The way that his head has that abset, not everybody has those really clear concise abs that are just formed. It's genetic. Some people do some people don't like in the open class, Ronnie Coleman, Phil Heath, they didn't have that perfect abdominal area. Ronnie and Phil had very similar mid-sections when it came to how their muscles, they were like more of a forepack. Now he turns around and he's got much more chisel physique. And most of the classic guys do too because sometimes you start out with that and then you end up if you get bigger and go into the open class, that can turn around and create, yeah, whether it's distension or whether it's just what I call is core thickness from lifting really heavy weights for long periods of time. That happens as well. So it's not all about what you guys think it is, whether it's insulin or all this, it's not all from that just training heavy can really thicken up your core as well. And obviously, what I just mentioned, the genetic portion of it. And he looks like he's got some really good genetics, as long as he continues to keep that waist tight and he doesn't try to pack on too much size. I love the separation, I love the detail and his inner costals. That looks really good. And then again, if his back was a bit bigger and then his arms a little bit bigger, then you're going to be able to connect complete the look here. Again, if his elbows were a little higher, you'd be able to see that he was going to be able to fill out those arms a little bit more and obviously right where the back is as well. So you'd see a better and more dramatic V-taper. But all in all, I think he's got a great physique and a great future ahead of him. You know, on a scale from one to ten in regard to sandals because he is a pro, I would turn around and give him an 8.0. I think he's got a great great physique. I think he's got a great future ahead of him, but he's got a lot of room to grow. He's super super young and with a crazy amount of potential. But let me know in the comments below what you think were you would have rated Anton. Otherwise, I cannot wait to be able to get into the gym with him again. I know that we talked about trying to get another gym session in and super nice kid and I really look forward to seeing him on the stage on the next Olympia hopefully. So again, honey rampod, and that's right your physique.

=== FILE: 3 DAYS OUT  MR. OLYMPIA PEAK WEEK [2R8EBFg7Xzk].txt ===

You know, you're just pulling the star of this. I'm on. Why don't you eat for everything? I won't even blame anyone. I'm just keeping you fresh. Just in. I was eating a welcome. Yes. I didn't even, I would never have ever been to those in the new before. It's the last wish, my little brother. So, this is the end of the week. let's lose listen, Kelly add some salt okay as Alright guys, day two here in Las Vegas, Olympia Prep, 2024, getting ready to turn the Seabumb, Derek, Hottie, Oliver again, continuing the upper body journey. We're going to do back with Chris and then we're going to go on and work shoulders and back with Hottie's bone. Let's go. It's going on. All right, so what we're doing is we're now going into a low cable. Hammer strength, good equipment, dinner around for many, many years, super durable. But some of the pieces are just too short. Sometimes they get hung up on a guy with X-C-Bum who's got really long arms. So that's where I'm going to come over and be able to kind of really be able to work that extra extension and be able to do a very good range of motion. So this isn't a hardback. What a fight! Nothing strong! There's no inheritance, you could let your skinnytwo, M belle, You could like fuck this whole world going. All right, now one down two more to go. We got Derek and then we have Hottie. Dirt just showed up. We got back with Derek. So we're going to warm up those last everything rolling. Seabones on his way to go get his meal going. And then Hottie's on deck. Giving warm up with the last meal before he comes in the train. Right after Derek. So again, just boom boom boom boom. I'm going to put him all out of the park for days. We're going to work out. This stretch is good. Right. So usual in my opinion, that's it. That's all I got. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. I want you. Green. Good. Good stretch in the squeeze. Try to stretch the horizontal hand and pull. Good, Eric. You might have got a whole backflide about three times. Put your legs back just the two. Yes. There you go, just stretch. You're the only back two bars. You're the only back two bars. You're the only back two bars. There you go. Good. Pull into it. One two, that's it. It's so good. That's it. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. Mmmm. Mmmm. Mmmm. Tails Tails Tails Tails Tails meat Oh. Oh. Oh. Come on. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. even ahrated three of my feet. Nice. One. Four. One. Got it. There you go. Go. One. Oops. yeah vahhh hot ah aicio I think that's actually about the same numbers for seeding to the top. Can I get a little more of the numbers? There is this concentration source. Hmm. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. One. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Four. Two. Two. Coffee Brush Hate  Are you looking someWORKSING? Oh! Last pack rolls no. Good job. God. God. Good. God. Go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Come on, there. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Three days out, one more workout tomorrow. Really good back in cap workout with honey rampaud. For one anoni. How did it go? What did you do? Good. We're good. I mean, push. I didn't get some good reps in, so they were getting the body fine for that carbon. And we're ready for that carbon. I got a back in the cap. How big was it? It's good. Does the cap be just pretty big? It's big is the last one you caught or no? Um, and you're a baby. Point five. Half pounds more. Okay. So, is it? Is it? So, are you looking forward to seeing us tomorrow night? Yeah. You can make her see like hot. Yeah, you'll see hotty. He's in a gym right now. We're at the gym. And he's on the other side of the gym and I'm going to get ready to go train and warm it up. He's doing his warm up. It's a worst duck. Derexus left about 45 minutes ago. And then eight minutes? Yeah. And then C-bumb was here about two or three hours ago. And then he got done with his workout too. Do you think you're training all of them? Of course. What I do? Yep. How's this hair? Looks good. It's a really good. That's it. We're on a five-thousand. That's some serious aura over there. That's cool. So, go be a good boy. You're gonna take shower and get ready for bed? Not for Wednesday. After bed with him is a little worried. It's six, it's eight o'clock. Yeah. So you got that an hour. Make sure you have plenty of sleep, okay? I love you. I love you too. Scouts to you tomorrow. Alright, see ya. Bye. See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya. One more. See ya. See ya. Alright, we just did a drop set, four-place three-place two-plates. And that is exercise room. See ya. Are there any? See ya. That's a pretty show. Ah, look at that. See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya. I suck that we're going to die. It's about three hours. Oh, three hours. It's one hour. You want to have a tan on three-lantern. Guys, huge surprise. I got none other than IFB control, Quincy Taylor and my first pro. But I ever helped turn pro, 2001 USA overall winner, six foot four, monster. Oh, we got two, six, five. Two, seven, five. Two, seven, five. Damn, here in Vegas. And it was crazy. We went into the bathroom. Jay Cutler says, how is Q looking? And then we gave him a show. Yeah. Yeah, you remember that. Yeah, of course. I remember that. I never forget it. And then he looks at me and he looks at him. And he's like, how do you look at the back? He turns around and strided and just shredded. He's like, he's going to win, bro. Yeah. Everyone was like, what did you do the way you were? I was like, that guy got first everybody's going for seconds. And I was like, I was one of the best days in my life. That guy got the time. That guy was the best days in my life. That guy got the time. That guy was the best. This cat backstage. You know what he tells me? This guy tells me, Quincy, because that guy kids. You know, he's just puts him in. They're trying to steal food out of your mouth. No, no, no. What? What did you just say to me? So when I went out of the stage, but I used to say, my brain was kind of like, Oh, I was like, pose all my long. I didn't care. I got to kept going. I was getting hot, getting dizzy. I just kept holding. I have to go to the end and told me, pull me up before I walk my butt out there. That's what a good coast does. We had some really good times in here. Yes, yes, we did. Yes. By the way, if you're looking for a trainer, he is training here at LVAC Quincy's tailor. Look him up. I'm going to go ahead and put his Instagram. Also, on the get the a below on the feed. Guys, again, he's been training for a long time. He's been training for over 30 years. He's been training for 40 years. He's been training. And now he's out here, still crushing it. So if you guys are looking for a personal trainer, if you're going to compete, or if you just want to get in that shape, you're life in your Las Vegas, come see Quincy Taylor. I guarantee you he's going to do a great job. I met every Las Vegas that night, I bought my balance around. But I'm here in Vegas years now, I'm going to race again. So for those of you in the trivia, 23 years ago, literally, this year, 23 years ago, my partner. Like, you're saying like that, it makes me feel even older. But he's right though, it was pretty three years ago. Yeah, so again, guys, this is like, let's take a hug from his brain. I didn't see him in over 10 years, so it's been awesome. All right, guys, we just finished up workout number two here in Las Vegas. We give him 20, 24 Olympia. We had hotnies, you just finished up. See if I'm started today. And then we had Derek coming a couple of hours ago. Everyone is working their asses off to be their best. And it's right now, just a matter of one more workout. One more workout, we also have the men's open chicken tomorrow at 630. That's going to be at the venue. And then on Thursday morning at 8am, they have the weigh-ins along with the height-ins. So they're going to get everyone tight for the classic as well as the weigh-ins for all classic physique, as well as two 12 guys. And that's going to be early Thursday morning. So everyone's pushing themselves really hard, getting those real last workouts in. And now we're going to go back to the hotel, rest up, and start getting ready for tomorrow, which is the last workout of the year. So it's going to be a good one soon.

=== FILE: 3 Days Out  Last Workout of Mr Olympia '25  Hadi Choopan & Hany Rambod [GvQIT0saJZg].txt ===

All right guys. The doc team just showed up for Seabumb. They're finishing up the doc. They wanted to do one final interview with me. It's been an amazing journey that they were able to follow him all the last year from the beginning of the year where he decided to compete all the way to the open show. So being a part of that is special. And it's extra special when you have somebody who can actually follow you, a professional doc team. So the guys are more contatved and amazing job. And this final interview is going to be really, really cool. And I cannot wait to see what the finished product of this whole doc team is going to look like. So very, very proud to be a part of it and being able to witness. I will just a legendary process. Somebody like Chris who made a huge impact in this classic physique division. And basically said the standard. So again, no pun intended. We are here at the gym for the final workout of the 2025 season. We're going to do this workout. Then we're going to go over and do the athlete check in where they get their number, training their music. Do all the paperwork for the final day, which is going to be tomorrow where you're going to have a press conference and then meet their Olympians at night and then roll right into the pre-jetion before we go. So again, this is the final workout. We're here at Coat Fitness, shout out to Mike the owner. Not only does he have the punata equipment, he also has the full line of division supplements. He's a race sold out this week. And then he's getting a reload to tomorrow in terms of inventory. So again, for all of you that are looking for a division in the Las Vegas area, come over to Coat Fitness, you'll be able to not only get to use the punata equipment, but you can also stack that with all the amazing division products. So check it out. One thing that I'm doing while we're here is the batch shut. So what's a batch check? Well, when we do batches of proteins, what a lot of companies will do is just set a flavor and then continuously just try to replicate it and not test it. I'm not like that, especially with some of the more complicated flavors like Dubai chocolate. And we're doing a second or third run. I want to taste it before it gets completed and put into the bottles. So it's a batch check so that I can do it to make sure that we're maintaining some flavor system. Otherwise you get what's called flavor drift. And what that basically means is that due to flavor systems being slightly different, it can create variation. So protein is organic and there could be different differences in bitterness and the base formula depending on if the cows are happier or not, whether they're getting built and made into weight protein. So therefore those slight variations need to be adjusted. So what I have to do is have that sent to me. So again, for the next run, they sent me some material of a batch check compared to the standard. So I have the standard already, so I know exactly what it tastes like and then I'll taste them back to back and if it's good to go and customize 2% of what it should taste like, then give it green light so they can run another batch. So that's what it batched check it. Alright, so what they're doing is they're doing check-ins right now, so they're going to get their number, they're getting all their paperwork, they're getting their list of when they're supposed to be at the different events, pre-judging night show, they're getting all of the instructions, anything else that they might change regarding the formatting of the show and they're also getting any of their stipents. So this is what it's about and then also last but not least, they're getting their music for the night show on Saturday night during the finals so that they have the right music that is going to be sent to their routine. So they're getting all of that during this actual meeting. We are now Wednesday, which is literally 40 hours from now, it'll be pre-judging. For the 2025 mixture, Olympia, check-ins have been completed, they got everything they needed, which is their number, hotty, they put his number one, so he would be the first competitor to go out. I would normally say it's not the best number because you want to kind of have some time to warm up and be able to pump up, but it's also the number he was when he won the Olympia 2022. So again, might be a blessing now that the numbers have been all given, it's been great. Everything is done on that end tomorrow. You have the press conference at noon and then we have Medial and Kings in the evening time, everyone's going to be getting the color and everyone's going to be getting everything without them, so we can make sure that they try to peek on Friday evening. So again, thanks for following the journey, exhausted, getting a little bit of rest and start all over tomorrow.

=== FILE: 4 Days Out  Chest Day with Hany Rambod & Hadi Choopan [mL56HJ9FBJw].txt ===

We're here at Cop Fitness. We're going to be doing a push session. This is going to be one of our last workouts here. Tomorrow will be more of a pump session if we end up having it. That's a discretionary piece. A lot of people ask exactly how we break off the Olympia. Very different of the knee amateurs because most amateur shows are just one day show on Saturday. This is something that I want to be able to do just for the Olympia. And believe they're not the arrow a little bit different than the Arnold. Even though they're both two days. Today, what we'll do is focus on just chest. We'll focus on being able to get the body ready for the climbing. The pump to be able to keep the food coming this week so that we can be able to get it really clear. And then simultaneously start drying out so that we can be able to try to achieve the best way possible. So let's go. Push. It's Olympia Week and we are starting our Olympia sale. It is now live and we are giving you amazing opportunities to pick up free swag at the different tiers. Make sure you load up on the Dubai Chocolate. We'll also apply as last as well as the brand new flavor of EVPAQ Juicy Grape. Get it while you can up to 35% off at Evigenutrition.com. We've got a bunch of good pinata pieces. So again, shout out to Eduardo, Pinata, Rudy Pinata, for setting everything up for us here. My Fiona. He's got a great equipment as well as the whole Evigen line. We have a team of Evigen here. Evigen and the athletes are here. We'll be able to get together so we can make it all about it. We've got to energy this week and really, really excited because we never get a chance to do this. We're not very often, so it's great even during peak week. I'll have a week over in the last week. It's really important that we've made sure that we still maintain someone of heavy weight. Usually, we've got 70% of normal. So again, if you were going to go up to 120, 130 pounds, then you keep about 70% of that. And the reason for that is that you still want tension on your muscle, but you don't want to be able to annihilate it or where she had it was for injury, while you're showing me there with low body fat levels, and you're starting to dehydrate. So again, there's key reasons why you still want to keep certain amount of resistance. But at the same time, you don't want to end up pushing yourself and then causing possible injury. You're going to end up having an issue with a week in one stage, or you turn around, and then just go to the body muscle belly that are completely tore up because you went way too heavy, went too far. That's why we are going to make sure the volume is run down by about 25 to 30%. And then the weight is brought down by about 30%. We got the wall here, we got obviously how to show off on in the middle, recognize the reflex wheeler, and some people who are not recognized the guy on the right. And actually it's one of my old clients that I turned for O Charles Ray Ardy, he coached Mike the owner, and he's also the one that hooked me in my wife up in terms of like just basically introducing me to fairness. So again, Charles Ray, turn pro at the nationals, 2005, and went on to eventually win two, two back in the day to go on the Olympia stage. So again, great athlete from the San Jose Bay Area.

=== FILE: 40LBS OF MUSCLE IN 1 YEAR  AXEL MARTINEZ [88IatL3O8eA].txt ===

All right, guys. We're here with Axel. He is in his clean bulk phase. So what does that mean? That means that we're doing this calorie surplus, but we're trying to make sure to keep that midsection tight. So again, outline of abs, while we're growing and getting stronger. Yesterday, we were able to hit chest. He put up almost 110. Almost 110. Yeah, almost 110 pound dumbbells. When I first met him, I think you were doing 50. 50, 55. Yeah. So you was doing half of that. When I met him, literally a year ago. So he's double-destranked so far, which is amazing. What we're doing now is we're doing back, because we want to be able to, as he's getting more 3D through his chest, is now going to add in those layers because we're always trying to get that turtle shell look that thickness in the back so that you don't end up being too dimensional. You're three-dimensional, even from the side. So today, we're going to start off with some pull-downs and get into our rows. And we're going to work on some freeweight things. So that way, when he goes back to Mexico, he knows exactly the form to use with the heavier weight. So you're ready? Really. I want to see something first. No, you can't. Anyways, no. Yeah. Bye. Yesterday, I checked my weight one year before. When I come on first time. And the first time you're here, yeah. I was almost 40 pounds less than no. 40 pounds almost. I win 17 kilos. 17 kilos in one year. Maybe like 12 on the muscle? I don't know. Yeah. Because I wasn't lean lean. Yeah, you're really a bit like that. But again, almost 35, 40 pounds of muscle are pretty close. But the point, or I should say, wait, the point is that he's putting in so much dedication. This is now become his life. What he's doing is focusing every day on the training. He tends to be pictures. He talks about training. So again, guys, I have not stopped coaching. I am just now starting to work on the next generation of athlete. So whether you're 18 years old or you're 48 years old, you can always improve. So this is why we do this content. This is why we do these videos. So share with you our journey. So you can never be young enough. My son started working out when he was 11 years old, 10 years old. And now we have El Nino, who just turned 21. That's right. Ben Thay O'Neal. Ben Thay O'Neal. Ben Thay Sinkle. So Mr. 25. And I'm having a great time because I love seeing his energy. And his energy is absolutely next level. So I love being a part of that. So we're going to have some fun. And then who knows, maybe we get some Texas barbecue tacos or Texas barbecue barbecue. Barbecue. Ah, okay. We're going to go to town. We go to town. Okay. So when I come to Mexico, then we're going to do that. Let's do it. Let's do it. Go to town. All right guys. Here's an FSC7 tip for you. Make sure that you're focusing on just the warm-up to not make life-wates into working sets. All you're going to do is to team the muscle. All right. Good job. Let's go. All the way down. Good. Control. There you go. Good. Slow, slow, slow. Good. Good. Why are you being calling? You're not going to call me. No one. No one. No one. It's good. Go on. 1. 2. 3 control control. Good. Slow on the way up. All right, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. 6. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. 7 slow, slow, slow. So stretch more. Stretch more. Stretch more. Good. That's better now. Cool. Oh yes. Good. Stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch. Oh yeah. Come down. Oh. You're fired. I'm not fired. You're going to control it. It's too heavy for you. You're trying to keep up with me. No. You make me laugh. No. You're spawning it on one side. It's like this. You don't know. That's what you know. You have your hand on one side. You got down. You got down. And it's going to be in balance. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. This is it. I was trying to make me come back. I have to stop now. Because of actually. Good. One. Good. Two. Good. Three. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Six. Slow down. Slow down. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Five. Five. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. This is your spot. Let's go. You get it. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower. Right there. Hold it there. Hold it there. Five. Good. Stretch. Good. Good job. Lower. Good. Good. You got one more set with that. Three. Come on. Let's go. Eight to ten. Let's go. One. Go. Control. Stretch up. Stretch up. Two. Three. Good. Four. Good. Four. Good. Four. Good. Four. Control. Control. Five. Good. Go. Six. Loats. Loats. Loats. Stretch. Go. Good. Stretch. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Now stretch slowly. Good. Now. One. One. Stretch more. More. Good. Hold. Come on. Go. Go. Good. Go. Control. Control. What do you swing in for? Go. Come on. Control. Now. Partial. All the way stretch. That's done. Stretch position. Come on. Excellent. There you go. There you go. There you go. Even if it's a third. Go. Go. Go. Again. Go. Good. One more. Control. Go. Good. Oh. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Marshall. Good. Two more. Two more. Good. One more. Good job. That's it. Good. All right. So now. Second exercise. We're going to do his rows. So again, one of my favorite exercises, especially the reverse grip version that hits those lower lats. We're going to do those. Make sure he knows how to do them. So when he goes back to Mexico, he knows this is going to be his homework. Archer back. Keep your core tight. There. Good. And a little more. And a little more. There you go right there. Good. Control slow. Good. Bring your elbows back. Stretch your troughs. And bring your elbow back there. You go. Boom. Stretch your lats. And drive. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Control. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Control. Good. Good. When he gets tired, he's going too fast. Control quality or reps over quantity or reps. The second thing is he was bending over not enough. So he was too upright. Then you're going to hit a lot of trap and you're not going to get as much back. So you don't want to be parallel with a ground but you want to be a little bit higher than parallel and you want to pull right into that waist. So you really contract, stretch the arms, and then again. Now you're gonna pick up, you're gonna get the right position, you're gonna arch your back, and bring it to the belly button and control it. Okay? Okay. Eight reps, eight quality reps. Okay. Let's go. One, control, two, control, three, four, five, control, six, better, better, better, seven, control, up, slow, let's say. Good job, much better, much better. The biggest thing that you gotta worry about when it comes to this is when you go too heavy, you're just gonna have a ton of trap recruitment. When you wanna really blast your back, especially when you're trying to focus on that reverse grip, you wanna be able to come to the belly button, stretch, and then return. You do not want to be fidgety, you do not wanna use momentum. You wanna actually bring those elbows back and feel all those fibers really, really firing. Control, okay? One, those, the rest, one, single, says, sit there. Oh, no, oh, oh, Joe. I can get it. No, good. Show me like you're teaching somebody. Let's go. Perfect. Excellent. Okay. Okay. Three, four, stretch, five, six, good? Good, good job. That's it, good. Good. Good. Before he was only using a 25 on your side, now he's got a plate and a quarter, which is fantastic. Form is really good. Now when he goes home, I'm gonna want him to go to two plates, eventually two and a half plates, but it's all coming together. He's put on almost 30, 40 pounds since a year ago, when we started together, so I'm very, very excited to see him continue to get growing. Don't. All the way down, come on. Good. Good. Good, you're not stretching. Stretch all the way up. All the way up, good. There you go. All the way. More, all the way, all the way. All the way, higher, higher, there you go. That's cool. Oh yeah, good. Come on, bro. Good. Good. And go all the way down. Stretch, and then go down. Oh, good. Good. Both of the elbows, but they're all on the pad and the floor. Good. Good. Two more. Controls, stretch, stretch, and pull. One more. Good job. Good job, Russell. Don't. Don't. Give me a one. Oh yeah. Do you feel better? Yeah. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Stretch. Two. Two. Nine more, one more. Control it. Good job, perfect. One more. Last set, guys. Let's go. One. Good. All the way down. Go. Go. Give me eight. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. One more. Control it. Keep your hips back. You can take a tight. Go. Good. You got one more. Come on. All the way. All the way. Okay. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. Fight, slow. Good job. Hold your. Go. Just bring back. We're relaxed. Out back for a while, sir. Start again. Go up with your hands over your head and then come again. There you go. Make a fist. Make a fist. Make a fist. Make a fist. Make a fist. Turn your wrist. That's better. That's better. That's better. That's better. Hold that. Hold it. Don't shake. Hold it. Do it. Do it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Hold it. Don't shake. Do it. Four seconds. Three. Two. And one. Good job. All right, guys. So basically, just got done. Blast them back. Three. Awesome exercises. Two variations of a pull down. Overhand as well as neutral grip on the Pinata pull down machine. Then we came over, made sure that he's recognizing the proper form, reverse grip, as well as overhand grip on the bent over barbell rows. And then the final exercise was the Pinata pull over machine. Again, have to really line up the shoulder joint along with the cam. Once we were able to do that, he had a really good range of motion. And then the fourth exercise, drink your protein. Honey Rambad. And get axle. Peace.

=== FILE: 5 Days Out  We Made it to Las Vegas  2025 Olympia with Hadi Choopan & Hany Rambod [FUbmjKhhBE4].txt ===

Alright guys, our last workout here at the EVA's UNHQ gym before we leave tonight for Vegas. It's Monday night, just a couple days left, oh pre-judging, just a couple days left till actually meet the Olympians and the press conference. I'll talk about it. I'll talk about it. I'm talking about the doctor, I'm talking about the doctor. I'm talking about the camera, I'm talking about the footage. I'm talking about the footage. I'm talking about the footage. I'm talking about the footage. Saying thank you to everybody that's following them, giving them great energy, positive energy, and following the journey. So thank you guys all, we're going to do this back workout, get another meal in, pack the bags, and head to the airport. Let's do it. Wereach of Films! Let's do it again when we come! I don't have a special place. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone. I'm going to take a drone and take a drone. I'm going to take a drone. I'm going to take a drone from inside of me. to the guys. Deal! It just made to the airport we have about 15 minutes before we board. So just got here with Patti, Hepie. We got Jacob on the camera set, say hi Jacob, we can shake it up and down, do what you want. There you go. You guys, this is... I think I'm delirious. I slept three hours last night, we've been go-go-go. I wouldn't have had a new blood work too, because I was falling a little bit behind on blood work. I don't ever do that. So I think not too behind, but about a month. You know, I'd like to try to do at least everybody should be doing it every year. For those that are pretty really hard or really managing their home level, obviously you want to do it at least twice a year. But got that done, had to turn around and get so many things dialed in before we left. Again, thank you guys all for the amazing Dubai chocolate launch. It's been absolutely fantastic. Tomorrow we are dropping the new EVP-HU juicy grape. It goes amazingly well with the grape, juicy grape, EVP extreme. I know order 3D, so these guys are HU lovers out there. You got a brand-new flavor that's dropping. So again, guys, love you, appreciate you. And this journey is going to be an amazing, really. Keep it super positive. I'm trying to keep the stress really, really down. As Phil would say, don't go crazy. Yeah, because he's always telling me, Chil bro, chil, chil. And now, you know, we talked a couple of nights ago about 3.4 nights ago. And it's again, just always good vibes talking to the gift and as well as everybody else. Everyone's going to be there. You got Seabomb, you got Jay, you got everybody, all the legends. So we're going to have a talk with you to this. All right, guys. We've just got to the hotel here in Las Vegas. Pick up the rental car, came to the hotel, took us forever to get groceries. Wasn't able to find everything we needed, so that's been crazy. And it's 2 a.m. This is a big time here in Las Vegas. 4 a.m. in terms of just the back home in Dallas. So literally, like, on no sleep. So now it's time to crash out a little bit, and rest up, and then get the first workout in here. And try to start refreshing you. So it's time to do this. All right, so make sure you follow journey, follow hotty's page, follow, you can follow my page, and we'll try to give you full access to all the different parts of this journey. So again, 2025, Mr. Olympia. Just go believe it away.

=== FILE: 6 Weeks Out Shoulder Workout with Lauralie Chapados, Kim Oddo & Hany Rambod  Olympia 2025 [Pq8_JDAEzr8].txt ===

There you go. I'm worth it. He's no more. Come on. Come on. Next. He's gross, bro. Okay, let go. Hey guys. Kimodo. Laura Lee Shafato. We are here at E-Vigen. Get ready to bust off the show to workout. So you guys pay attention. I'll also on the workout. We'll have a full lot of fun and we'll share a whole lot of knowledge. Go. Every single day. But yeah. You do I already. E-Vigen baby. Did go. We're gonna get you some stuff so we can pop you up. I know if it's inside of me. I got it. And down a little bit. Now some of you back out and load that. You're sweating. Actually I did. I did. Really good. I came down. Got way to get to. Came back up. Fuck three pounds. Locked it up. That's what I mean. That's what the nag is. Yeah. Now I got to pull my musculos back up. So I don't like to go like skinny men. Yeah. It's two of the people going to you. You okay? You sick? No, not sick. I really was asking me because they're facing so sorry. Yeah. I'm just getting it all the way along. You know, these are a couple of two we do away. Yeah. Do we do we do we do? One could do we do me the way. That's it. This is too high. It losing all of my. So there you go. So I start here just do a little warm up. Let's get your shows over right now. All the way down the ground. Oh. I love this machine. Just got a whole range of motion. Little Bob-Mau. Yeah. Kim said I'm looking for the beard angle. Interesting. Interesting. Enjoying your beard is a shame. You get yourself the different getting an angle. I feel like. Well, the problem is the basis of the thing. You're not making it. I just love how we just see your eyes. I just see my face. I just love how we just see your eyes. Yeah. It's a little bit off. All right. Put it all the way down. All the way down. There you go. Stretch it. Good. Three more. All the way out. Stretch it. Chim-o. Stretch. And just a little baby warm. Is this the first time you've been in this room working out? No. You've been here for the first time. I've worked out that. You took me through the last time we were here. It was just quite off in a round. Yeah. You should all be here with that. So I need to know that. Let's talk a little bit about the machine. All right. So we're using is a power Smith dual system. So what does this do? The power Smith dual system is a Smith machine that Singulates instead of a barbell dumbbells. So what is the advantage of that? Well, you have the independent system. These left side versus right side. So your stronger side isn't going to carry your weaker side. Best number one. Number two. You can turn around and change the angles. So you can go upright for shoulder press. You can go back a little bit to be able to get inclined. And then there is a system machine that does flat and decline in the same format. So it really gives you a full range of motion. And it gives you a safety of a Smith machine. But with the advantages of what a dumbbell would normally do. So that's what pieces are special. Now, like the fact that the machine angles in it angles in. So your range of motion angles in instead of Engling out that shortens that range of motion. This gives you a full range of motion. So a lot of times it would turn in shoulders. We didn't cut off half of it or which I was stronger. This keeps it to a full range. But I like that attack them through. I just want to say that you just put 10 pounds on it. And this machine is already heavy. So you better get ready to spot me because, hello, just sit you going down and push. Let's go. Alright, so what we're going to do is we're going to keep those hands in. Again, you keep the hands in. You keep the range of motion for them. The independent like honey was in the independent ratio. It really helps to balance the sides out. But we want to bring this all the way down to it. Almost touches the top crown. There you go. Sometimes we shorten that and we lose the bottom tie in. Just going out stretching it all the way down. But what it also does is take the cheat move out. So you can't bounce it or cheat off of it. And that's where your tempo comes in. So we want to get that little pause at the bottom. Good stretch. All with there. Here goes. Good. Come on, I got you. These are the builders right here. Squeeze. Come on. Three more. Always make sure you keep that back flat on that head. Two more. Don't arch your back. Don't push through the legs. Use your delts. One more. Like a little rowing travel. Try it. All the way. All the way. All the way. All the way. Good. Don't you come down slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Stretch. Good. Okay. Just step to the side here. What we're going to do is we're going to do a little burn. So sometimes what I like to do is when you get your first exercise in, I like to get the muscle warm. So supersetting them together. We can go heavy here. Get a lot of our strength stuff in here. Come by right behind you. Get into the fast twitch fiber. Get the burn going really warm up the shoulders. So we're going to do lateral raises, palms down. We're going to come straight, pause, and come down nice and easy. Okay. Straight, pause. That pause is important. Because again, it takes the swing out of motion. Notice how she's keeping her lower body so soft locked in. She's not bouncing her knees. She's not bending. So the number one problem we see is coaches are girls or guys. Used too much weight and then they use their traps. Right. So by being able to walk that in, she's not forcing her traps to kick in. She's been, she'll take the tension off the delus. So right now, by being able to really go nice and slow and controlling the motion, she's putting all the tension in her delus on a trap. Because if your traps get too big, you're going to end up looking narrow and I'm going to have that really nice pillow. You got it. Good girl. Good girl. Good girl. Good girl. Down to the ground. Three. There you go. Take your time. Two. One more. Come on. You got it. One more. Oh. Now let's come down slow. So you just get a little bit of negative there. Good. One more time you know. She's getting up. She's not. Here you go. Good. Good. All right. She's not moving. Oh, she's getting out of the way. She's getting out of the way. I didn't think much. Five. Round two. Right. Welcome to No Wrestling. This is Kim Houdos. Good. We got time. We're ready. That's what night time for. That's what baby. We don't like that. All right. Round two. Here we go. Let's take a look. Yeah. I'm going to have five in my body. I really have five. Sorry. We'll make it the best driving. Okay. Here we go. I say we want to. Oh. Oh. I'm going to have five in my body. I really have five. Sorry. We'll make it the best driving. Okay. Here we go. I say we want to. All the way. Good. What? Excellent. Two. That's your good. Four range. Great. Come on. What? Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Three more. You got it. You got it. Take your time. Two more. Orange. One more. Here we go. Five. Come on. Come on. Come on. Five. Down nice and easy. Here we go. Flo. Spire. My God. It's back to you, Dumples. Here we go. Good. And you notice we have just a very slight bend of the elbows. So we're trying to keep as much of the work as we can in the deltoid. Like honey was seen. We don't want to activate the traps. So she's keeping her chest up. Sheen up. And she's putting just that little pause in there. Just enough to take the swing of the motion. Good. Come on. There you go. Come on. Five. Slow. Excellent. Four. Come on. Three. Here we go. Five. Three. Here we go. Two. Slow. One more. And a negative to it. Hold it. Now. Here we go. Easy. Easy. Easy. Excellent. That's what we talked about when we did a little interview. Sometimes athletes become their own worst enemy because they feel especially with like men's. They feel like they have to push to do everything. And you don't. Sometimes taking a step back like you did. You take a step back and you let things settle down. Let your body get healthy. Calm. This happens. It's a fresh, healthy, ready to go body. So it's going to be fun. We're coming to a stage. Need you that? Who? Who? You. You. All right. So see. Round three, baby. Teacher. Did you get to know Rass? Is that a thing? No. Not so much with mine. Because we mind. What happens is you're trying to rest enough to be able to get to failure. Where with this, you'll also want to go to fatigue. So your combination of adding in a little bit of action. You know, right up. That's it. With the winning. It goes to different phases depending for where you're six weeks out of the WW. You don't want an injury. So it's not like you push him when you're like 12 weeks out of where. Okay. This is the time when we're focusing on muscle. It doesn't. Now we're focusing on the fine. And we're fine with this. This. Yeah. I like the. It's not seen. We are six. I feel it. You're going to sit. Yeah. All the way down. There. Yeah. Oh. Full range. So if you notice this stretch part of the notion is really the most important. A lot of the area is stopped right up around the shin level. And with this allows you to do just like dumbbells. It's going down low. But having the security of being able to hook it on is next level. So that she squeaks it all the way through. Good. And again, this. Kim was talking about earlier with this particular piece of not a. You have to pay for it. So it's converging at the very top. All the way. Come on. There you go. It's really works at tie in area. Yeah. And she's going all the way down. Getting full range of motion. Getting the stretch at the bottom. And then driving all the way up. Three more. Good. That forms straight. Drive. Good. Two more. Come on. Stretch. Hold. Good. No. One more. Good. Hmm. All the way. Drive. All the way. Drive. Nice. Squeeze. Now slow. Now we're going to do a negative down. She's going to be nice and slow. What Kim's doing is doing it here. A negative slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. And she's locking. There you go. Here we go. Here we go. Good. Now by keeping her palms down. What we're doing is we're keeping the activation point through the center line of her Deltoids. So depending upon your angle and how you're turning palms, it can change every little aspect of way to hit the shoulders. We want this driving right through the center line of her shoulders. There you go. Good. Up. Slow. There you go. Slow. Come on. Two more. One more. Now what we're going to do is add a firm set here. So down. And once you go as quick as you can. Go. Go on. Don't bend your body. Let me help you. There you go. Let me help. Good. Come on. Five. Go. Four. Three. Come on. Two. Go. One more. Come on. Come on. Excellent. Good job. That's what I said. All right. Final sorry. Our next, the next machine will be just a sink. Excellent. Let's find something. Maybe it's the sheet you got down here. So we just did a standing loud praise. And going to a seated, it just what it does is it lets her lock her body in. So it takes the legs out. Anytime you do anything from a seated, prone position, then you take the chances of bending, bouncing, you take all that out. So this way we can go a little heavier. Get a heavier side, dealt woman in. Keep it locked in. So we don't have any cheat to it. And make those dealt working. To your seat height, you want to be able to have it at such a way where you can come all the way up, parallel, all the way down before it bottoms out. Once it bottoms out, it lost. That's where you've taken all the tension off the muscle. But I love about the panata, that they show you the joint center, which is like your point of access. So your joint that is moving right now is your shoulders. So you can, I want to have that access aligned to your joint. I do it with it. And then you can obviously play with the pinning on your range of motion, like in the same, which we're trying to do. So let me know if you want to get a breeze. I see that a little bit because of the mushy. A line correctly. Perfect. So that's good. Perfect. So this is a first set warm. What we're doing is a warming up. But also be finding out where we are from a weight dispersancy. And see how much heavier we need to go keeping warm correct. Good. Straight up. There you go. Notice she's got her chin up. She's keeping her traps out of it. She's keeping all the work in the knee field. Hold range up. Go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. One more. And op and easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. So you can see how controlled that range of motion is and moreover, understanding and knowing the pivot points, that's important because it's important for athletes to not only do the exercise but understand the exercise. That way you know how that's supposed to hit in that knowledge, they now know what you're down. So good job, Jim. So the even Jim ball. Now we have your buddy. Yeah, Jim ball ball. Evil ball ball. That's it. That's it. How's that felt too? Really good actually. Yeah, great. Yeah, and you know you have a stem flight which would be amazing. You know, I use the stem flight. Yeah, the stem flight is really good too. Because it's all put with that. Yeah, we're going to do a real deal with that, with that stannier one. Same thing. Shut up. Good. So guys, isolation is the key. Target the muscle. We don't want to train shoulders to get a try set. We'll get a four. Everything is targeting in. I'll be covering up. Yeah, you want to see her. But, but, but, but. Good. Come on. Squeeze the mouse. Squeeze. Come on. Let's go. Full more. Come on. Got it. Got it. Three more. Come on. One more. One more. One more. One more. Now full. Slow. Slow. I get it. So, kids, you guys don't know. We've been pinging each other like this 30 years. Oh, my God. Over there. A lot of the holders are hurt. He's Sammy, it's actually up there. We've known each other longer than most of your clients are even bit a lot. Yeah. That's true. That's been a minute. Whatever we do videos, like I do, I can change him. I'm like, no walk from this. He's like, okay, literally, for these productions. Like, I give you guys around all the way. I'm always in walk. I'm always in walk. Okay. I did while I'm on a boat over there. You're not. Always in walk, boys. No. I'm just like, you're always in their break place. You're always fighting. I'm spotted. Because he's even walking all the photos. Right? The ball. Oh, God. That's the ice. We got show to, we got show to purchase from home. Yeah, we got it all. All right, craft. Yeah. So think about coming to this gym. You've got a flex. You've got a flex in this gym. It's like, it's mandatory. It's part of the ambiance. Are you in this gym? Look what she did. Look at the light there. No, if I was just hauling this to now. No, I didn't see you when she did. It's like everything is okay. It's a very nice process. Let's go. Hi. Here we go. Same thing. There you go. Keep chin up. Keep your back flat on that pad. All the way up to parallel. There you go. All the way up. Access. So as you can see, Kim has your setup perfectly between the joint center point. The obligator is shoulder right in line. So if I put a bar right through a shoulder, the right and the mat middle of that camp pit. So if you're too low, you're like, it's that cool. Feel right or just. I can feel right. I'm going to let's go. Go. Go. Squeeze. Let's go. All right. We got four more. Come on. All the way down. All the way down. Three more. All the way up. Come on. All the way up. All the way up. Two more. You got it. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Hold. One more. Just go. Just up. Come on. Up. Up. All negative. Slow. Come on. Come on. Fight. Come on. Make that face. Let's go. Good. There you go. Almost that. Ah. It's wrong. Now I do this. Pretty light. Back up. Right there. Right there. Turn around. The flex. Boom. There you go. Turn around. We. I was actually thinking we're open. And then. There you go. $1 million. $1 million. So million. I don't know. I don't know. You got to think of your bonus. Yeah. Yeah. $1 million. $1 million. Did you can feel the heat? You know, and it's what you want to feel. You want muscles to exert heat because that's your core metabolic rate. So when your core metabolic rate is moving and it's sped up and it's if your body releases the heat, it's not trying to internalize the speed itself up. It's actually hot enough. And it's releasing it. Second thing is the heat coming off the muscle. You know you targeting the muscle. I don't want to feel clammy here and hot back here. Because in it's like we'll keep we're missing here and we're tawking in through here. It's all coming around outside now. We got one more and then we go on to the other end of the deltoy. And if I were doing this at first time, what happened with that? That's in your deltoy. We're going to do a drop set here. Oh yeah. Oh we got it. She's locked in. Not even a flight we're bringing him out of. No. It's tough. But anything. What she's basically saying right now is you get sides that and this is where like what Hime was saying with being independent machines. This is where independent machines come in handy. Because you're always going to have a dominant side. You're going to have one side trying to work harder to compensate for the other side. Her left side is where she feels it more. Is it trying to compensate to keep up with the right side? Doing it independently. You are forcing that left side to match the right side. It's not that you've got to do 10 reps over here and 20 reps over here. Because this side's going to work harder to keep up with this side. You've got to make sure the form stays right. So you make both sides work equally. But again, that's the independent motion that really helps that. And this being a machine rather than dumbbells, you can control the range of motion easier because that those dumbbells are going to move around. You can hold them sheets locked in so it's letting you control one engine. Alright, here we go. Good. Excellent. Everything is up. Good. Good. Good. I'm going to do a great job breathing. She's not holding your breath. She's keeping her core tight. Kim's got her making sure that she's got a really good tempo. She's not going too fast. She's not easy momentum. Because if you use momentum, you're going to end up basically cheating yourself. Okay, now we're going out for you. Good. Good work. Come on. Good. She's got a core still really tight. And she's just pulling. There you go. Two L. One more. Squeeze thes. Drive it up. Good. Good. Good. Can't escape. Go. Good. So again, we're tapping into that fast twitch fiber. We're burning it out. Good. Good. Go. Go. Three. Keep the core in good. Come on. One more. Drive it up. All right. Fight. There you go. I love that face. I love it when girl. Even though they try not to face them. I like how she. I'm saying girl. I'm saying girl. Guys, we just make on the face. It's just because that's what we do. But girls, they try not to. And when you can give them do a success. Yeah. Otherwise, the bow-tock's face. It's like, this is burning really bad. That was a funniest joke. I'm so angry at you right now. Don't end up having that face. I can't wait to have that. I have so much emotion. Yeah, motion. You're in the emoji. Oh, you out. Come on. All the way back. Good. Let's go some air. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Drive. One more. Come on. So good. Good luck. Back, back, back, back. Good. Back. Old. Now go ahead. Yeah. Now stand up. What's this? That's for flies when you lay with guns. Yeah. Go on the other way. Okay. Stand up. Grab right here. And right there. Now what I want you to do is pull straight back. Here. Pull straight back. Here. Like that. Now put it once you're burning them. Go. Good. There you go. Good. Come on. Good. Keep them on. Good. All the way back. Come on. There you go. Squeeze. Right there. Good. Come on. Squeeze. Excellent. Squeeze. Come on. Squeeze. Keep your delts up. Elbows up. Five. Excellent. Four. Keep your body still. Three. All the way back. Two. Come on. One more. Good. Yeah. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. I love to see when it targets where you're trying to target. So you can see. See, do not here. That's exactly the back end of the heart. Then we're trying to hit. Yeah. And what Kim was saying is that obviously your body's going to compensate with bigger muscle. Because it's such a small, tiny muscle. So the range is very particular. is very particular. Even I was doing it with Sid and Jacqueline and we all had different ranges of motion. It's not as early as how far you go. It's really how much you can keep the tension on to the muscle. Well, it's what muscles you activate. So if you start dropping that arm line down, it's going to activate all through this upper line. You keep that arm line up and you keep it targeting through this band. That's a hard band to hit sometimes because two things could happen. Number one, you could target here. So if you drop your chin and you turn your body over, you're going to target all through the traps. Number two, if you drop the arm lines too low, you charge the out of line. So this sits right in that little median range right there. So you've got to keep everything parallel to the floor. You've got to keep your chest up. So the squeeze comes out of the rear del. So like a hinge. So as you come through here and you arm back, you're going to hear to there. You want to be able to keep exactly what Kim said. elbows in line through your del. So you can be able to really fatigue your del. If you go too heavy, you get over compensation from the trap and if you bring it over to town. But he said, we're going to start getting more of the upper back. So again, where you want to be is right here and the back. And if you're using dumbbells, you use a peency back instead of it being just palms that way. So if you want to isolate and walk, you're going to be pink and so on that way. So it's all my no. Geometry. All right, you and go. Okay, bring this down. All on the side. There's chest up. It's good. Get this out of the way. There's a little chest warmer. Like, finally. But it is like, it was unfolded and right to go my eyes. There you go. Go on. Good. Now make sure that you keep. Make sure that you keep your chest up. Chin up. Good. So guys, when you tuck that chin, you are going to activate these traps and you roll that chest over, you are going to activate traps. Yeah. So whenever you're doing a rear-down weather, it's on any kind of tech deck or a dumbbell, keep everything on. This is one of those exercises where you do not want to overload the weight, because you will engage all the assistance buss approach really easy. So we're keeping that weight down good. Excellent. Come on. Here we go. Squeeze. Hold. Excellent. It's all really focused on the rear-down. I want to, I want you to feel it right here. Go. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Excellent. Three more. Come on. You got it. Squeeze. Go about those over me. A little bit more. Shake and baby. Two more. Go go go go. Go. Come on. Squeeze. Go on. Squeeze. Hold. One more. Come on. You got it. Last one. Squeeze. Come on. Squeeze. You got it. Hold. Come on. Squeeze. One more. One more. Burn out. Come on. Just up. There you go. Now all the way. There you go. Come on. I want you to get trapped. There you go. Contract. There you go. So you can see when she pulls all the way back, keeping these levels up right here. That gets targeted. Come on. Good job. Straight back. Excellent. That will always up. Come on. Move on. Let's go. Move on. 10. Go. Nine. Eight. Come on. Go. Seven. Come on. Six. Let's go. Five. Four. Come on. Keep it moving. Three. Excellent. Two. One more. Come on. All the way back now. Hold. Now fight. Come on. Four. Gise. It goes pro. Okay. Let go. You got to pull a muscle. See you guys. It's my beloved core. Yes. So this is what's known as a nice bull round muscle balance. Wow. That's it. I do a front of a bicep. I knew you would. Thank you. It's coming. There we go. Boom. That's it. That's it. You didn't great job. You got so good opposing. You know why? It's really good. It's really good. I responded really well. Guess where to play. This was seen because heavier here. Were you pushing? No. No. It felt like you were pushing. It's called fatigue. Well, you get to remember also the violin mechanics of the machine. As really cannot put together these different machines, he knows where you're getting stronger. So the tension becomes actually greater because he's trying to maximize the actual violin mechanics and the ability for your body to actually be able to feel it. Where lots of times machines are very linear and that's the difference between using a piano piece of equipment and many others is that it's not linear. It's actually in a sprinkled bird of your natural body. So you're going to add you stronger the tension becomes your. Now remember keep them on top. Hi, Eric. Yeah. It's just elbows in line with your ring. Yeah. There you go. Okay. Now let's get that. That's stuck. It's not good with the butter. Good. It's nice. It's like it just come on. All the way past it. Well, if it depends so. Yeah, the tension. The session and the tension. It's the back out. Okay. We're done. Good. Don't just squeeze back a little bit more. Go. Back to be it. Oh, go go. All the way. Eric, all the way back. There. That's bad. Good. Keep them moving. Good. Good. Keep going. Come up. Let's go. Let's squeeze. Let's go. I'm on a champ. Keep your head up. Keep you. I know that left arm is dragging a little bit. So go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. You focus. Three more. Good. Come on. Drive it. Drive it. Good. Good. Good. Go. Go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Two more. Good. It was dropping. It was reset. Good job. There you go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. One more. All the way back. Come on. Go. Keep your elbows up. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Hold. Right there. Hold. That slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. Good job. There's still heat. Let's go. Let's go. Chest up. And squeeze. Come on. Beautiful. Beautiful. Come on. Let's go. Excellent. Now I want you to hold that squeeze. Hold. That slow. Hold. There you go. Come on. Put a little bit. Little more eyes of tension. Good. Come on. Squeeze. That's just squeeze. There you go. Come on. Good. Two more. Squeeze. One more. Squeeze. Now you bar it. Go. Go. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Back. Back. Good. Come on. Seven. Six. Come on. Five. Four. Three. Come on. Two. One more. And slow. Tension. Tension. Tension. Excellent. All right. How you feeling? Good. I think my take of whatever I have. Whatever was in it, ain't Daniel Mo. It's the evil burn done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're shooting. E.T. Extreme. And I'm living. I can't believe you. This I don't shoot with rest it. Some relaxation. How's it going to do? A cuba can do the calories. All right. All right. Here we go. Rock and roll. Good. Keep it up. Go, go, go. There you go. Good. Slow it down. Just a little bit. Slow it down. There you go. Slow above the squeeze. Come on. There you go. One other thing that she's doing is she's going all the way down. So she's coming all the way together to get that stretch. This stretch point is right here. She's going all the way and then she's going all the way to the top. So she's not coming halfway because that beginning is so important that stretch. That stretch position. This is the beginning in the end of the point. So this is the beginning at any point. The midpoint is all the way to the top. That's the midpoint. Good. Three more. Come on. There you go. Go. Keep the elbows up. Go, go, go, go, go, go. You've had it all the way back. Two more. Go. Go. Go. You've got this. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Hold. Now we'll slow. Don't drop it. One more. Okay. How was that? There you go. Stop. Go. Come on. Go. Go. There you go. Go. There you go. Go. Now let's just go. elbows up. There you go. Now keep your chin out. Get your head out and fight it. Fight it. Fight it. Stretch. Good. Good. Good. More. Sit. Sit. Okay. That's good. Keep you back. Like Hanmi said, keep that flat right through here. So it's don't activate the subscapitalist. You activate. Right now. Okay. Here we go. There you go. That's a beautiful sight. Good. Don't squeeze the elbows. You get it. Go next. You squeeze the elbows up. There you go. Just like that. That wease. Good. It's really filling. And you can see when the camera angle comes through you can see all this crowning right here. And all this crowning. That's what you're looking for out of your work. Come on. All the way back. There you go. Stretch. Stretch. Good. So for getting specials. Come on. There you go. Three more and then burn. Two more. Squeeze back. Come on. Squeeze. Hold. elbows up. There you go. One more. So I'll hold those up. And now we'll go burn. Here we go. Go. Go. There you go. Come on. Go. Move them. Go. Come on. Four. Come on. Good. Come on. You got it? Seven. Eight. Come on. Nine. Five more. Go. One. Come on. All the way back. Two. All the way back. Three. All the way back. Four. One more. And that's it. That's it. Good. Good. Good job. There was it. It was in that bag. Actually makes eyeballs at me. It's like it's on on two bowtimes. Oh, I've been in it. It was like that. It's a little late. It's a size like. Jesus, thank you, school. That's your limpio workout period. Put down this. It's great to have not only the champion, but we got none of the living legend. The hundred and your old Kim Oda. I knew it. So we're the men of the lady. I knew the Civil War. Yes. Or a hundred years. It was present in Lincoln and Trinja and Wayne. It's written all the way back. I was in. I was in. I was in. Yes. Yes. So welcome back to Texas. It's great to have you. It's also great to see that all the progression, everything you guys have been doing in the office is in the hard work that you both have been putting in this Olympia prep to be able to continue to continue to continue to be the queen of the Heenie. Let me know. How do you feel right now? I mean, we're just about six, seven weeks. Six weeks, seven weeks. So we were six weeks of Saturday. So it's right around the corner. How do you feel she's doing? How's the progression going? Especially with everything that you guys put into it. And the office is going to halfway through this prep right now. Well, this year's, I mean, every year has gotten better this year. It got even more complete. So at a six week mark, we've never been here before. Her intensity, her focus, how her body's responding. Like you and I have taught having that great. I, you know, breaks are important for where you can take the zeeks to go. Fresh body, fresh look. Yeah. And so I think having that nice break in there to let her mind and her body align up, it really lit a fire to where when we got ready to go, she was go. I mean, it was from day one, go, go. And so long and short of it is the nice part. Now we're sitting here six weeks out. We've got refined that work left to do. We're almost where we need to be. You know, we'll start all of our stage prep stuff. And but we're not going to leave any stone unturned. You know, we're going to do everything we possibly can to polish every angle. Because I don't ever want to be complacent or I don't ever want to take anything for granted. I want to make sure the physique that we put up there is a combination of her work and us doing every single thing we can to bring the best physique we can mentally and physically. Very good. Wonderful. Great. I had a good time. I have fun. You know, it's allowing myself to just come and travel and do the work and enjoy it's part of the journey and it helped me a lot throughout the whole practice. So I'm thankful. Yeah. It's awesome. Because I know you guys were back at your HQ and so you've been spending every couple of weeks together. So I think that was really beneficial. I've seen each other a little more often. And we've intense, right, not just herks and passing that event. Right. But actually being in the same way. Let's make sure we get together. Let's go through a workout. Let's get also any of the actual updates in person that always helps. And you're how many pounds of wear here do you guys right now? Probably three, maybe three-ish at the most. I don't know if we're four. Yeah. We're between three and four but skin prey pro-salt. Awesome. Awesome. Well, the focus has never been this good this far around. You know, and I think that makes all the difference in the world in your confidence levels and you know how how you bring things to the next level and strength. So this like you said we've had a lot of chance we talk every two weeks each other every two weeks had out all the through the other. So we'll come back out to California to be with me for two weeks before. So we can get our accrimated to the weather and you know get her settled. It's all about embark. Keep that environment calm. Keep that environment positive. You'll beat around you guys have been a blessing because you guys help her. You help not only from her presentation but knowledge is invaluable. And anytime she has a chance to talk to you and share experiences on what you have learned. That's that's it. We are tapping in. Everybody we can tap into. Yeah it's it takes a village guys. There's not one to do a person. It works as a team. So you know you know, Kim does his job and so that when she's in doing her job in the gym we can make everything happen. So the programs put together. I help with the recovery aspects of it with supplementation making sure that all the different supplements whether it's a meenows whether it's protein whether it's fatbrothers everything's diled in and all the nuances because everything that I decided was to decide to wrap prep. So all of those things and you know you've been using it for a long time with your athletes but knowing when to pull them in and pull them out because we want to be able to just continue to keep going forward and not hitting platoes. So but you also don't want to overstimulate too. Exactly. And it's all the legs of the stool. You know you got full legs I stewed nutrition, training, supplements, cardio. You get that you get those legs solid. You get solid students. So all this all that all that excess knowledge you know you have a wealth of knowledge with working with supplements and working with elite level athletes. You just pull it all together. Everybody work together and it makes things so much more better. Especially yeah. But then you end up with these counselors. Yeah and again remember you guys it's about your stress management because I don't care how hard you train. If you can't manage your stress you are not going to allow your body to recover properly and you will see those results in and there. So again on your seat right now. Don't miss out on this video.

=== FILE: AXEL MARTINEZ CHEST DAY [ITlFUhPNREM].txt ===

What's up guys? We are here with none other than Mr. Elmino himself. Axel, how you doing brother? Fine, good man. Always a good time in Axel's and town. And how much weight have you had given that? I don't know, but the stretch, say that we're good. Yeah, the stretch marks are getting crazy. Yeah. So, please send extra lotion for him. Not the P to the current. But we need definitely to be able to really hit it hard because he is the middle of just hitting all his calories. We have him on a crazy program of just making sure that he's like usually about three to four days on one day off. We're doing high carb meals, high carb days before the biggest body parts, like his back and his chest. And then we alternate that sometimes with cheat meals. And your cheat meal of choice is now Taco Tuesday, backless Tuesday. That's right. Taco Tuesday every day. But all honesty, we throw in those taco days. And he loves that. Sometimes pasta, sometimes pizza, whatever. But just those high calories, a bit more high sodium. So that he gets that crazy 3D look on the next day. So right now we're doing chest. He had tacos. Yes, sir. That's it. And yes, she was also, you had a way of work out. Yeah. The legs are growing. Everything is really coming up and kind of your 21 mom. It's sad. Yeah. Yes, 21. That's right. So we might have to go out and have a margarita this weekend. Just sort of the fact that he just turned 21. And but again, guys, watch and we'll talk a little bit about nutrition in between sets. We're going to also add in a little bit of the supplement stacks, because we do have them on a creatine cycle of 10 to 15 grams. And then we'll talk about also food. And we'll also talk about how we're food cycling also. So I know you guys want all the secrets to the other cycles. But that's all the same. But anyhow, we'll go ahead and we'll go walk you through it through the entire workout. Good. Good. But back in this case, I'm late. All right, guys. So as he's warming up, just want to explain what we've been doing before the workouts right now. He's running the extreme RTD. Sometimes he'll use powder with the HQ. Sometimes he'll do the RTD, depending on just what he's feeling like. 25 grams of glycject with creatine. So we're running creatine pre-imposed. Right now, 10 grams of creatine a day, because we really want to make sure that he has that extra torque. Help for the pump helps with making sure that muscle fullness is there. So we're running that as well. Intro workout also. Amino can't venture workout. Ice is jet post workout. So you can take it the same time with the creatine, or you can mix it together. It does not matter. It works fabulous. Now we're going to go ahead and get ready for these heavier sets. What? Five. Six. Six. Seven. Seven. Eight. Eight. Eight. Nine. Eight. One more point.eedong. Eight. Eight out the way. Six. Seven. Seven. Eight w at sudden? Seven. All right, that's so eight reps. Why did we stop at eight when you get it done more? Because that is not a way that I want him to use for a working set. What I'm trying to do is be able to just make sure that he warms up properly. And as we get into the heavier sets, then we're going to be able to push closer to failure. That was just a warm upset. That's why we stopped at eight. Racked it and we're going to go ahead here. You OK. Go.  Five, seven, one. Good job. All right, guys. So as we're going up and wait, it's traditionally okay to spend an extra minute to two minutes of rest, especially when you're about to hit that top set because you don't want to be fatigued when you're trying to go to failure. So two to three minutes rest is totally okay. If you only do a one minute rest, you are going to absolutely get tired and not be able to go to a complete failure. So give yourself enough rest so you can add that extra weight so you can really get behind that set and you can be able to maximize the set, eight to ten with a heavier weight. The core tight as you go back and let's see how you do. Even if you have to come down to sixty eight reps we're fine. Let's go. I'm with you. You're good. Roll. Good, go. You get up. Let's go. Two. Three. Keep your feet flat. Core tight. Good. Good. Go. Go. You got one more. Go. Good. Now you're working. This is working set slow now. Good, slow. Slow. Good job. Bring down. Good job. Woo! Was that like four or five reps? Nine. I almost died. You give me. Think about it. Two. Eight. Five. Five. Two. Eight. Eight. Okay. Bring it back. You got to kick it up. You got to kick it up strong. Go. Good. Go. There you go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Five. Go. Six. Go. Good. One more. I hope you a little bit. Try it. Try it. Try it. Try it. Let yourself. Go. Go. Slow. I was in. Good job. There you go. There. All right, guys. So, say the last set on Henklaing was 101 pounds. Last set, 106. We got about a good six reps, seven reps. Definitely strength starting to move in the right direction. Goal for him is going to be 120 pounds on the Enklaing. And I feel like he's going to be able to get there in the next four months. And then as we go there, then there's going to be then 130 to 140. But it's going to take a little time. Again, as he's getting this new muscle on and he's getting stronger, a bigger muscle is a stronger muscle. So, you need to get strong to be able to get big and be able to get really grainy. So, it's really important to get the strength on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Drag it up. Good. One more. I got it. Good. Good job, sir. Good job, sir. You're going to rest like that. Yeah, yeah. All right. Now we're going to go ahead. Let's get each ten really good reps to go. Go. One. Two. Good. Three. Go. Go. Good. Good. Keep moving. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Give me eight. Two. Three. Well. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Good. Good. Good. Good. Two more. Good. Now you have two more on top of that. Good. One more. Good. One more. Good. One more. Good. Up. Up. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good job. Good. We can raise the weight. We can do one more set. Come on. One. Two. Come on. Yeah. Let's go. Come on. One. Two. Two. Three. Good. Go. Go. Eight. Four. Five. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Keep going. Go on. Excellent. Grab it up. Good. Good. Slow. Slow down. Slow down. One more like that. Up. Up. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Rais. Okay. Go. Good. Good. Get a bit of it done. All right. What we're doing is we're doing an incline fly but I have several different fly machines. This one actually is fixed on rollers. We have four arms. We're going to be going towards each other on the fly. It definitely hits different. So let's go ahead and we're going to bring this down a little bit. There you go. I'm shooting. You know? You're just... Good. Good. Good. Keep going keep going. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Drive. Get your hands, pass each other. There you go. There you go. And under. Next rep. There we go. Good. Two more, two more. Good. One more. Drive, drive, drive, drive, drive together. Just together, right? Slowly, slowly. Good. It's good way. Good. Okay, guys. So on this particular exercise, when you are doing your crossover like that, what I like to do is go over. And under with each rep. So again, alternating over and under. Let's go. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. That's it. Go ahead. Good. Let's go. Keep going. Come on. Come on. You have four. One. Two. Three. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. together together together together together together together together together right there slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow good job good good all right so on that one two sets had really good muscle contraction good form didn't go too fast when full range of motion now we got one final set we're going to do an FST 7 set we're going to use a machine on that one the Pinado standing flight machine and we're going to just completely annihilate that last set and we're finished with Chastole go good You going? 10. You're going. 13. 14. Good job. Good. We're going to raise the weight. Go up until 175. All right. We're doing an FSC 7 traditional set, which basically means 7 sets. Let's go. 5. 7. 9. 11. 11. Good. Good job. Good job. 3. 4. 5. 6. 8. Keep going. 7. 7. 6. 6. 5. Good job. 3. 7. 4. Squeeze that. Squeeze that. Squeeze. Good. 10. 7. 10. 3. 1. 2. 3. 5. 6. 7. 2. 5. Good. 10. 8. 8. 8. 8. 15. 8. 8. 7. 7. 8. 7. 8. 9. 7. 7. 7. 8. 8. 9. 10. 10. 6. 9. 9. 3. 9. 8. 6. 9. 6. 6. 6. 8. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. 7. 8. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 8. 8. 7. 9. 8. 10. 7. 6. 7. 9. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. Slow down a little bit on the negative. Go together. Turn this low. There you go. Stretch and drive. Good. Slow, slow, slow. Good. Together, slow. One more like that. Good, just slow. Good job. Good. Good. Three. Four. Five. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Slow, good. Ten, slow, good. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Go again. Five. Four. Three. Slow. Two. Slow. One more. Good job. That's the slow. Good job. That's it. All right. This is a nice little. See what you look like. Yeah. So we should have. Three. That's it. Good. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good job. Squeeze. Start. Squeeze. Good. Hold it. Good. Squeeze. Squeeze it. Hold it. Hold it. Right there. Squeeze. Go. Push on my hands. Good. Five. Four. Three. Squeeze. Squeeze. More. Okay. That's it. Okay. That's it. I got good. I got good. I got good. Hold it. Just like that. Hold it. Just like that. That's all right. Oh. Talk about Tuesday. It's going to. It's actually not bad. Not? No. Not bad for off season. This is a great off season. Just like see a little bit of your ad. But not too, you know, too much. Not too little. I just get. Good. Okay. You got. There you go. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. Now leave. More. More. That's it. More. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good. Now leave. More. That's it. More. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Just like that. Yeah. Five. Two. Good. I got. Good. Hold it. Five. Four. Three. Two. Good job. All right, guys. We just got done doing chess with Axel. We did an FST7 chess workout. How to feel. Crazy. I'm tired. Crazy. As you can see, he's definitely growing. Again, guys. You've seen a lot of different aspects of this. And a lot of them are top of LMPA champions. But now you get to see somebody that we've been working with now for since he was like 19, 20 years old. Yeah, he did just turn 20, I think. 21. Now he's 21. Yeah. When we started working together, he just turned again. So it's just about a year ago, right? And about a year, a little bit less than a year. Now he's been able to put on another about 15 pounds. About seven kilos? Yeah. About seven kilos? Yeah. Seven kilos. And then, but again, this is our clean book. So again, making sure to try to get stronger, using good form, making sure you go full range of motion, making sure that he's eating and he's not overtraining. But being able to train three to four days on one day off, that's the split. And the lifts have gone up dramatically. And just making sure that he's spot on with his nutrition as well. So how do you feel? All right. If you'd great, thank you again. Yeah. For treating me. Yeah. Absolutely. I love to come here. Yeah. So again, guys, if you don't follow the axle, make sure you follow him, showing the journey. So that you can see somebody from the beginning stages of right after being a teenager, getting into bodybuilding, working on his legs, working on his upper body, and with show the legs to, we have to. Because I mentioned legs to some real quick. Okay. Good. So we have to go up. You guys have to get the good light in here. Okay. Good. Nice. Come on. To the calves and grow. Caps. Yeah. You know like to show the calves. So there you go. Good. The legs are growing. There you go. Good. Awesome. Hands on the hip. Good. So definitely growing through the claws. Outtersweet, fastest media, fastest bassist, light or other. Everything is growing. And the great thing about it is that he's getting very balanced, especially for being so tall because he's six foot. And I feel like what he's seeing is over all body development. Just because you get heavier doesn't mean it makes you better. He's putting the weight all in the right areas, right? The quads, the back, the chest. Samstrings are going a little bit too. Caps are growing. So nice symmetry. And I'm really proud of that. So good job, man. Good job. He's putting in the work. Follow the journey. He was in nutrition. Honey Rambad. Axle. Peace. Peace.

=== FILE: BREAKING NEWS Arnold Classic Prize money NOW $750K [I_fTZAjCuoA].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth Podcast. This is your host, Holly Rambad, and I'm here with a special update. Putting together the whole thought process on what Arnold just dropped. He just went live with the announcement of the men's open Arnold, 2026, which is the 50th year anniversary of the Arnold Classic with a prize money of $750,000 for first place. He's raising the total prize money to $1.5 million. You not know all the rest of the details. I believe it sounds like it's gonna be a trickle down of second and third. It's gonna also have an increase. And from what I also understand, the men's classic is going up to $100,000 from what I hear. And now, again, what's gonna happen? What is the Olympia gonna do? Some people think there might be a race to a million, some people think that it might be maxed out. I don't know, you guys, let me know in the comments below what you think, but absolutely, there is a, it's just a crazy crazy buzz. We got the New York pro coming in this weekend. That's gonna be an amazing show. So shout out to Steve Weinberger. He's got some amazing athletes going up. I know Regan Grimes is the one that's the dark horse that's coming back on stage trying to be his absolute best ever. Do not know what he's gonna look like, but very excited to see that as well as Nick Walker, who had a very, very close second place to Derek Lunsford at the Pittsburgh pro. And it's just gonna be an amazing show this weekend across the board in all the divisions at the New York pro. So if you're anywhere in New York, I believe there's some tickets left. So go check that out. And if you're not, then you're gonna definitely want to follow it online. So again, follow Steve Weinberger's page, and I'm sure he's gonna be giving plenty of updates on how to be able to watch the show, whether you wanna go in person and by tickets, or you wanna be able to watch it online. But it's just went from a crazy weekend last weekend. It was an awesome, awesome show, congrats to Jim Manion, Tyler, Robin Chang, the whole Mania family on launching their new Expo. I think it went really, really well. Especially, it being on a Mother's Day weekend, which is always very, very tough, but great, great crowd, amazing energy and what made it the best thing ever was the athletes. The athletes brought it, they all look great. And I know I'm gonna do a separate breakdown on the physics, but I wanted to wait till this weekend to let the New York pro go, because we also still have to see Nick Walker qualify. And I think it's his absolute best look, Baranan, but it's just gonna be interesting to see what happens this weekend because again, is someone gonna be able to catch him? I don't think so, but we will have to wait and see. Especially because someone like Regan, you got Michael Krizzo supposed to be doing it. You have some really, really good athletes that are gonna be just right up there in that top five. And I feel like obviously Nick is the front runner, especially with how close it was last week. And I feel that what we gotta do is that all of this stuff process, I mean, we just the dust of settling from the Pittsburgh pro. And it was such a great show, so close. The expo was awesome, Saturday was packed. And I feel like they did a great, great job. But now you're talking about like, whether it was Derek or Nick, and how close it was, lower body versus upper body, Tyler Manion put together a really good video. So you definitely wanna go see that about what his thoughts were from the judges, from the judging eye, from the judges eye. But also now this bombshell of the $750,000. Also from what I hear, Dubai Pro also just up there prize money to $140,000 as well. So it's just like, I was talking to Ronnie Coleman, he was here with me at the EVGN gym last night. We were talking about it. Gotta put this in perspective guys. It took eight years for Ronnie Coleman to win $800,000. It was $100,000 each year when he was winning it. And so from that 1998, all the way for the eight straight after that. And when you look at that, 800 grand and eight years, you could do that in almost one show now. Let alone now Arnold, Olympia, is Olympia gonna come back and try to up it above that. Right now, I think it's a race to a million. I really do. What's gonna happen? I don't know who's winning at the end of the athletes. The athletes are finally getting their justue. They're getting paid. There was a long time where prize money was fixed at that 100 grand level. Then we saw it at 400 grand. And then now obviously it's like next level. So let me know in the comments below what you guys think who's gonna be able to hit that million dollar mark first, whether it's Arnold Classic or Zilimpia gonna come back. Everyone's hitting me up on text messages right now. My phone's blowing up. Everyone's talking about it. Very, very exciting. And, but again, this weekend, make sure you check out the New York pro. And make sure you let me know in the comments below what you think, who do you think is gonna win the New York pro? And also what you think about, I guess this race to a million almost. I mean, 750 is still just insane. So again, guys, thank you so much, honey Rambad, and that's the truth.

=== FILE: CBUM 8 WEEKS OUT  CHEST DAY [7jsJMSlcGTU].txt ===

All right guys, we just landed here at West Palm International Airport in Guddlesani, Florida. It's hot, but a different kind of hot, it's like 105 hot and Dallas, but dry heat. Here, I've been outside of you, but I'm sure it's going to be humid. But that's okay, we don't care because we're just here to do work. Getting ready to catch up with Seabom so that we can be able to get some really good workouts in. We're just under eight weeks, eight weeks as of yesterday. So it's going to come out here, be able to get a status update, spend a little or a month since the last time we saw each other and we trained together. And basically now, we just want to be able to make sure that everything is tracking correctly for the prep. So it's going to be a good one. Let's go have some fun. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. What do we got right here for us? Here we go, milk before we get food, come and get them in. This is my version of post-it. I don't care. Post-it. I don't care. World of World War's house. Better take care of myself. Oh, that's all we need. That's gourmet. It's me following you. You can potato, it's a goal. What up, Seabom? It's a goal. How are you? How are you? Can you see it? Can you get it? Yeah. You don't grasp food? Yes. Substance. You're right. Yes, here's an off-dairy. Okay. We got the first bit of meat in it. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Okay. Okay. We'll get through. You think we'll get through? You think we'll get through? You think we'll get through? You think we'll get through? Yeah. Yeah, I want to hear. All right, guys. It is Monday morning. Christian's got here. I brought us some meals. We got my meals on its way. So they'll be here tomorrow. But if you give us some rations, some chicken and potato, chicken and rice, as well as some steak and veggies, and can't wait till my stuff comes because this is an Alaska bout half a day. And in the air conditioner took us forever, that would be called. You heard that beep, beep, beep. That's been going off. But luckily he's been able to go up there and eat meat at it. But I think the battery is probably the one. You should just take it out and take the battery out. Can't be here. Yeah, it's in the tall. It's been a serious four. Dude, you couldn't do it either, but the chair. Yeah, you can only press the button. Should I have to do it? I'll let you go. I'll let you go. You should have more. Yeah. I'll go, why don't you fire it? I'm too short. Yeah. Shift left and down before school. I'll still switch opponent with these two three 3 8s 5. I want to go all through it. Done. Now I know that something works. It's going to be a Model Ball Jamie. Just remind your guys if you're looking for my workout, you can find them on the FST7 app. Let me give you guys two weeks free. Check it out. Come on, Chris. Come on, Chris. Please go. Go back to your feet. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Go. Come on, Chris. Show me how it's on you. I'm going more. Come on, we can. Up. Drath. All you push together. Just let it slow down. Good. Does that work again? Go. Slow. Go. Go. Go. Go. Yes, you can. That's very good. Let's go. Go. Jim. You're allowed to be loud. We're not a planet fitness. Just remember, when you're doing presses, make sure you're not just using the typical grip. Want to use also a neutral grip because you can be able to work a lot of different angles of the chest, not just one particular one to do. So variation is going to help rate touch on this. You're going here. Good. Good, you're pushing. You're going here. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Good. When you press it, when you go, you're going to want to work. One more. It's me. Push all that, Chris. All the way. Good. You're allowed to be able to do it. You're allowed to do it. Yeah, I'm allowed to do it. Okay, good job though. At least you boil five reps and use your meals, so. Okay. We'll do it this way. Yes. Okay. I mean, I'm about feeling strong, I feel a little depleted, but I am strong. I think last year I was doing 150 fruit, 9 to 10. We got 10 to 11 there, something. So a little bit better or less. Okay. You're gonna take us a two for some interesting. I don't want you to. Whoa. Give me. I'm gonna rush it. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Up, up, up, up, up. You're gonna get two. Grab that, grab that. All the way. One more. One more. Up. Okay. I hope you're right there. Put it on slow. Press that. Put it on slow. Press that. One. Good job. Good job. All right, guys. We've been putting up crazy content. So if you want to be notified, make sure you subscribe and turn on your notifications. Check it out. Nice. Next. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Good. Nice. Awesome. Open it up. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Be contraction. Open it up. Awesome. Right there. Again. Again. Come on, girls. Let's go. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good. We've got two. Go. Squeeze. Squeeze. One more. One more. One more. Together. Last one. Two. Together. Right there. Now. Hold. Five seconds. Slow. One. Put your hands. That's it. That's it. That's it. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. And with that, I'm scared. Keep some views. Four seconds. Three, one, two, one. behind your chest. After that start. Mark. Speaker. A spoon. poner. Keep some. Here he goes. Will that put five? Five. Two. I'm a black person. There you go. Come back. Good job. Nice hit. Good job. Good job. Good job. Five. Four. Three. Two. Five. Two. That's a black person. That's a black person. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Go. I don't touch. Five. One. One. Good. Good. One. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. These are the cells. Push that. Delphated chest. Good. Good. Three. Two. Good job. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. If you touch that, that's it. Yeah. Good. Good.ory. That's it. Right. That's it. Right. Good. All right guys, just wanted to know your feedback. We just did this one off shirt. Let me know what you think. Right. Back. We got the old English shirt. Let me know in the comments below if you think we should drop it. Because I really like the design. I had my boy right here, Rob, put it together for me. And I had my boy G turned this thing around super quick for this trip. But I want to know what you think because we want to put some new designs together and I want to know what you all like. Go ahead and put it in the comments below. Let us know what you think of the shirt. And you guys like it. We'll drop it. We just finished chess. How was it? Good. Really good. I feel like you haven't done 150s and like a month or something. I have pretty much like a PR in the way that we're going to do. Yeah, I mean we're just under eight weeks out. Strongest. He's been strongest at any instance. We both have the other. And I don't know. Have you ever been strong in this? I did the one like one with young guy, the one with the 17th. I've been there five years. Oh, five years? Yeah. Just different. It's right. Got it. It's going to be nice. It's going to be nice. You've full energy. Yeah. Not old man. But that's what I'm here to do. It's just kind of a cesspool we're at. Just under eight weeks out. Number one. Strongest ever seen him. Again, just confirming it last five years. We've been great. Now we're going to be sure that we make weight. So we're going to have to drop the calories a little bit. Change it to cardio and be able to make weight because we're a good 17th. It's a good 19th pounds away. So we got time but we've got to start really moving that direction. But it was a really good chess workout. I guess pretty disappointed. You know, you low in parks. Yeah. No, I mean, it's really good. Probably the strongest I've felt in a couple of weeks. You're going to have to just suck it and come together. And as we're pulling my calories and I'm trying to lose weight on since I'm strengthened and not dropping it all. So moving at the right pace. And we have every bit of it and push. Yeah. So that's what we're going to do. So again, it could be here for three more days. So we've got a lot more going on. Make sure you comment and let us know what you think of the workout. And if there's anything else that you guys want to see because I'm going to throw a little bit more behind the scenes for you guys. Just so you can see what the journey's like getting ready for the 60th anniversary of the Olympic.

=== FILE: CBUM REVEALS HIS SECRETS [5dHE9YgF8aw].txt ===

Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead again. Go. Go. Go. Go. Okay, partial. Go. One. Two. One more. Good job. All right. Good. Good. Good. Go ahead. Go ahead. Good. Are you gone? You're gone. Go ahead. Go. Go. Go. Get ready. One. Two. Two. One. Go. One more. Go. Good job. Don't use or Right again We're going to hard to go.Go.Go. Maybe lethal gravel. Okay got one. Two more, one more. Good job. Alright. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There you go. There you go. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There you go. There you go. There you go. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood. There's a lot of firewood.

=== FILE: CBUM, HADI, & DEREK  MR. OLYMPIA [3Wx0Kypp3ZE].txt ===

All right guys, we're getting ready to train. Still over 100 degrees here in Vegas, so still hot as a F. And now what we're gonna do is really focus on just making sure that we get some of these upper body workouts done now that everyone's done with legs. Yeah, first up, we got Mr. Seabumb himself. You do a little shoulders and arms, so it's a little bit more crowded than we used to, but it is where it is. I made way. I made way. You guys are putting your knee up and pushing the toe right here. I'm gonna do it this way. Look now it has a strike in my mouth. Could I hang that out? Yeah. A spoon of ginger or brokelah bereits. Great length. Thank you. I'm not done. It's crazy. It's good. I'm going to cut this time. It feels good. It feels good. It feels good. It feels good. Stretch a little lower. There you go, okay. And then pop your lat out and keep that. It's very good. I feel like that. You know you? Squeeze. That's it. Really both of them. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. Come on. It's good. I'm going to cut this. It's good. You'releey Alright. Good. It's good. It's good. tre good. Good. It's good. It's good. Perfect. Ok. 100. Come on.. Come here. Have to eat you, okay? Men, kk your and tai. Good. yeah yeah All right, so we're doing some shorter press. On this older side of X-axis equipment, converging, kind of really focused on my muscle connection and it's not playing yet any records, just going nice and slow, especially eccentric. I'll have you do one for me. So if you're wondering why Matt's pushing on his back so that he doesn't do that and slide down, because this is a little bit awkward in terms of benches, it's very, very low. And these are more taller than 5-3, so definitely times a slide down. But that's what he was doing all of that. So we're going to go, go, go, go, go. Trying to go too heavy, he's had an injury in the past, so we want to make sure several injuries of the body. And now what we're trying to do is he's drying out, focusing on the contraction, the Oh my god. Why are you still in the front of the bed? I can't hold it. I can't hold it. I can't hold it. I can't hold it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's for the first three or four days of the week and then I'm good. Yeah, if you can see the jack back with you. So remember to take people along there and grab them. Come, go, go. Swaskers look around. They got two fingers in one. You're done, that is workout number one. THE MOST F Egg Damn where to go, I want to do the powder and do the whole stack. I want the RTD. What do you think I chose? I'll do it all day, every day. It's an even cold. It's delicious. It's a great, great last chess workout. Four days out. Let's go baby. Here, Gerblinsford, 2020, Mr. Olympia, just several days out. First upper body workout here in Las Vegas. So what we're going to do is right now, just focus on just... We're good work, but nothing crazy. Again, I've been talking about this all day long. No crazy, heavyweight street. You don't want to risk injury. You want to be able to stimulate the muscle. You have to create really good time and retention. And get a good pump. You'll also really get all the different areas of the muscle. One more. One more. Good job. Good job. You're so slow. Excellent. All right, good. We are in Las Vegas. It's the Olympia weekend. And theEvgenutrition.com sale is now live. The year chance to get an additional 10% off. Make sure you use code Olympia24. So if you haven't had a chance to try my products, now's the time. If you have used it before, you want to load up, now's the time. Olympia24 for an additional 10% off. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Come here, come here. One. Yeah. Who? Take a beer, I'm sure. Take a beer. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Good day. Good day. Excellent. Excuse me, that chest. Good. Good. Good. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. We're doing some incline chemistry and stresses. Nothing too crazy, just two and a half plates, and then what we're doing is focusing on. Just that upper chest. Get that good upper chest pump. And we just came off of a flat. So again, just working all the angles. And then we're going to go on and do some slides. So, let's try and hit all the angles. One, two, three, four, five, six, one deeper. Good. Eight, don't stop. One, one. One. Mmm. Two. Good. Good. Good. Get tens of your left arm. One, two, and two. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. You've got it? Mm. You've got it? Oh. Mm. Good. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Oh. Oh. Good. All right, you just got done doing pre-motion and what that's doing is that pre-motion cable doesn't give you up. I entire full range of motion. So what we're doing is we're adding in the foam roller to be able to get a better stretch. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. There you go, like that. Go, go, go, go again. Again, boom. Again. Last one. Go, go, go, go, go. Go, come on, Derek. Look, good. Last one, try it. Good job, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go. All right, so we're always squeezing because we want more time under tension. It also gives you a lot of those metabolites that are going to help you grow. So this is one of those things that you really are going to tell you different. You start with squeezing, that muscle that you're working in between sense and the future. Good stretch, good stretch, good stretch. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Good, get an harden with every wrap. There we go. Good. It's not just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little closer. Good. Good. Good stretch, good stretch, good stretch. Good stretch, good stretch. Good stretch, good stretch, good stretch. Good. You can just hand the hands farther back, stretch and dry. Good. Come on, two more. One more. Good job. What we're doing is we're doing from the low cable. We're doing a cable fly from the low cable pull-in and using a finish machine. So basically it's very similar to a regular cable, except that if you would have had the adjustment all the way down to the bottom, that's what you can see. So stretch, good. Good. Good stability. Good. Good. Good stretch, good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Perfect. A little higher to one. I hope you'll help you. Good stretch, stretch, stretch, step, step. Good. Just step, just up to the stretch more. Good. Oh yeah. Come on, here. Come on, control button. We've got this. Come on. Come on. Come on. Easy. Get all every single flyer. Get this flyer. Let's get this flyer. Good. Get this flyer. Get this flyer. Come on, there. Squeeze, squeeze. Good. One more, one more. And go. Up. Up. Right there. Up. Slow, slow, slow, slow. Good job. All right. Let's, that's a wrap. Four days out. That's it. So we just got to end doing chess with Mr. 2000, 2013 Mr. Olympia, Derek Lunsford, got a good chess workout and hit all the angles. Got some really good, two different sets of flies, two different sets of process, just very deliberate. Nothing crazy heavy. Stayed away from the dumbbells today and focused more on machines. But plate-loaded machines as well as cable machines. And I think we got the right one. There's a little posing in. Feel like everything is getting dialed in, right? Definitely can get a little bit tighter in terms of just a little bit. But I needed. Then we're going to have to be able to kind of manipulate the day by day. So tomorrow morning, do another check in. He's going to go and give another meal in. We're going to relax your cardio and make sure that it's, uh, keep pushing. Keep pushing hard. All right, guys. We got Haudie Chopin in the house, 2024 Arnold Classic Champion. And he's here also doing chess. So yeah, Derek did chess, Haudie's doing chess. And we had C-bomb doing shoulders and arms. Now what we're doing is focusing on just being able to, again, get a really good pump going. Seeing where he needs to be in terms of life. Seeing where he's at in terms of overall fullness so that we can, to say what he's going to be eating coming up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to do a little bit dumbbell flies right now back to back. So again, started with the incline press. Didn't feel that incline really targeted the muscles that we were looking for. So if you wanted to come in do some dumbbells, you went up to 110s. Again, a couple days out from the show. I'm not going to go on super crazy. Now we're going to do incline dumbbell fly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just did dips with it for chest. Now, how are you going to do some abs, a little bit of cardio. So, skid everything cleaned up so we can reset for tomorrow. So, good chess workout with Hottie. Now, I've gotta get back to the hotel. Make sure see them's good, Derek, good, get everybody all done for the next day. So, day two coming up, guys.

=== FILE: CHEATING ON CBUM W URS KALECINSKI [GIAW44vdCn4].txt ===

Alright guys, so I'm here with EERS. We just both happen to be the only ones from pretty much the West that are here for this event, the IHFF here in Mumbai. I'm the only one from North America. And he's the only one from Europe. And everybody else are many, many local Indian celebrities, Bollywood actors that are in fitness, as well as influencers. But so it's been crazy the first two days or complete, we have one more day. And another reason is probably because we're traveling right before Christmas, a lot of others weren't planning on traveling probably right before Christmas. And so again, when we were talking about it, we saw each other on the poster and we're like, hey, maybe we're gonna have to get a workout in. So actually we saw as in Prague. That's right. And then I saw like, honey, you're going to, to India as well, right? Yeah. Yeah, what the fuck are you as well? Right before Christmas. So yeah, let us have to have a chance to get a workout in. Now this guy has retired. Yeah, that's where he's just not there anymore. So he gave me all the secrets. Now he's hijacking me. Yeah. That's what he's got. It's okay, I think. Okay. Okay. Good. One. Two. Good. Three. Good. One. Good. Five. Six good. Now this is gonna be a working set. Seven keep going. Going, going, going, two more. Two more. Nine, one more. Okay, you gonna have one more? Come on, go with me now. Go, right down, down, down, down, right there. Slow, slow, slow, slower, slower, slower, one more. Come on, come on, right there and hold it. Five second negative. Four, three, two, good job. Oh, good. That's the set. That's a working set. All right, I got honey. I got honey. I got honey. Best regards to Hunter LeBraar. I saw the video you're killing him. Oh, that's good. That's good. It's time for Texas next year. So if you guys enjoyed it, comment down below. If you want to see some more training stuff, just go ahead and has a lot of knowledge as you may know. A little bit. A little bit. Not too much. Not a little bit. Carry the way. Carry the way. I don't want to expose myself. I don't want that expectation to be too high. I think I've gotten lucky a few times. Yeah. And he is not doing the Arnold Classic. So now he's going to wait it out. Are you doing anything before the Olympia? No. No. So you're going to now, what you're saying? I said it first time. No, it's full focus for the Olympia. I think it's wide open next year. A lot of you guys, but I agree. I'm hungry. Since I started and working my ass off to get this title. So yeah, definitely a long period. Since four years, I didn't have a real off season. Right? To mature the muscle. So I'm excited. I'm going to get a lot too fast. But still get in there. Yeah. It's going to be a good one. Because again, it is wide open. Now with Chris's official retirement. Now you have a couple of really good guys. Obviously you're in the mix. You've got Mike who came up, but you also have Ramon who's not going away. So I'm not really going back. Yep. So he's coming back. Great guys. It's going to be a good lineup. But yeah. That's going to kick my ass to work harder. All right. Let's go. Two. Good. Good. Good. Good. Flex those legs. Keep the glutes down. Great stretch. Even more. Good. Good. Pull. Good. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Two more. Two more. Come on. One more. One more. One more. Let's go. Right there. Hold it. Slow. Slow. You got one more just like that. Come on. All the way down. Right there. Hold it. That was too easy. One more. One more. All the way. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold the stretch. Hold that stretch. Hold that stretch. Good job. Woo. Yep. I'm coming to Texas. There you go. Good. Good. Good stretch. Good. Relax your traps a bit. Try to get your chest up. And then relax your traps. Good. Good. Relax the traps. Right here. Relax and go out. Just release. There you go. There you go. Good. Shoulders down. Right there. Right there. Hold that. Hold that. That's it. So chicken teacup pump. That's right. There you go. That's a lamb or a bomb. Lamb burgers. That's some good lamb burgers today. That's right. And let's see how that feels. You wanted a stretch more. Yeah. Yes. No. More stretch. More stretch. And then we're going to contract as well. And the grip is like. Just right where you're at. Yep. Medium with. Okay. Good. Stretch it. Good. Good. Flex the legs. Work on that. Open up. Good. There you go. Open up those last. Good. Right down low. Go. Good. Go. Good. Good. Keep going. Go. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Now with me too. Two with me. Good. Good. Down, down, down, down, down. So slow. Slow. Slow. One more. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Slow. Slow. Slow. Stretch. Keep it. Keep it. Keep it. Good job. That's how you do it. Okay. It's getting a stretch. And. Okay. Come on. Good. Okay. Now on this one. Keep it chest up this way. Now. And. And then bring your elbows down. And I want you to feel even more in there. Bring it to here. Bring the bar to there. There you go. Even to here closer to your chin. Good. That's better. Good. Close to your chin. That's better. Good. Right here. Right here. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Keep going. Shh. Good. Go on. Down. Down. Down. Good. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. One more. Good. Right there. I want to help you. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Not just stretch. Give it a stretch. Ah. Stretch. Good job. Good job. Good. All right. So what we did is we did two working sets earlier. And then we just did a reverse grip. And then do two working sets. And the reason I like to do the reverse grip is so it can feel a lot deeper into that lower lat is your driving those elbows in. So do you feel the difference? Yeah, that was great. Good. Already with like crazy. Yeah. Super crazy. How many scoops to Saturday? Yeah. It's three scoops Saturday. That's it. All right. Let's take the shirt off. Let's set it to show. Even normally you don't do this until you like maybe you're third exercise. But because we were concentrating so much on that form and that mine muscle connection, I feel like he's going to be super full, super 3D because we were able to get that mine muscle connection right from the RIP. Let's see. Good. Yeah. Good. Yeah. There you go. Chest up, chest up, chest up, chest up. Good. Pull it right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Relax. Catch it right. Catch it right. Good. You're just up. Good. There you go. Down and down. That squeeze your chest one right there. Hold that. Hold that. Hold it. Hold it. Good. You got to make sure that you hold that a little bit longer. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit longer. Good. Squeeze that chest. Good. Squeeze, catching up, chin up. Right. Squeeze. Yeah. Right there. Right there. Right there. Just look at that. Five seconds four. Three. Three. Good. a good amount of posing stress session last night that is hotel in the hotel gym and I got so many little tweaks here and there to improve the posing on stage because that's also like one of the biggest it's not the biggest factor on that Olympia stage sure yeah because they all have good muscles especially in the classic physique yeah they all shredded but to present your physicals you never can burn enough and get those informations tips and tricks so I'm everything truth to it and good okay you see how you going forward yeah stop that shit good drop it yeah there you go good that's better stretch that way good and pull into that lap better drop it make it almost feel like it's dead and stretched that's it even more that's better that's better good good good breathe good job good better okay so remember the point don't go forward make sure you go down and then pull right into that mid to lower lap okay right in there okay you're doing with the feet on the pull up you're just kind of pulling forward on that mid okay just try to pull it let it go straight okay got you good good even higher and you're going too fast on the weight on the way up go up and pull pull there you go that's better and then pull an archer back a little bit more even further back row good that's better good your left side is locked up yeah you see how much of a difference it is the range of motion how it feels strange right strength it's because it's that left side yeah told you need to work on it you get a work on it let's go let's stick with that on I think you can go a little heavier yeah let's go like maybe 70s and then that will that will help you stretch a little more too because when it's the way too light it's almost like a squat squatting without a weight versus squatting with a weight getting deep in it will help you the same thing happens with this 100% yeah you know there's many techniques and there's not a wrong way and it right yeah I like it the ordering software upright but I also tend to like a little bit more of stretch at the very bottom almost like when you would say pulling a lawnmower yeah you know I know most people don't know what a lawnmower is but it's it has a string and you pull it to start the motor and that's literally what you're doing with your foot and then you're pulling and that's very very notice movement I did it oftentimes yeah yeah yeah when I was growing up growing the lawn yeah there you go back in Germany best regards to my old obrata I had to do this shit all right okay there you go the stretch and pull good now pull a little bit more and twist your body just a bit more that's better good good excellent stretch and pull excellent good good don't get in front of you too much that's it go down go down stretch and drive there you go now you're getting it you feel the difference good pull good come on come on earth go pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull hold it slow slow slow one more like that goers pull right there hold it slow slow good job okay you got this you got this go good one good two three good the stretch archer back and pull that's it good good a little more straight down good good good good good stretch good good good good good keep going keep going come on good good good going keep going go again pull pull pull pull pull with me with me right there hold it slow slow slow slow slow stretch good job that's it that was good that was so you tried it you're using a straight bar it works really well but it definitely try tends to kind of kick those triceps in further but it's also really nice but if you use a rope you do get the luxury of being able to go past your legs a bit so that's one of the reasons why I always lean towards the rope what do you say honey when people have told them watching and have like this kind of ropes we have them a lot in Europe I don't know how this in the US yeah we have those but now there are some longer one right you would you say you prefer to even longer ones to get more or is it some kind of I like both I think I think when you master using these ropes then you want to go a little full arrange an ocean then you can go a little further down with longer ropes so you get further past your legs for sure but I would start off mastering the shorter rope first okay how's that weight it's okay okay we've got to put your chest down further so when you go there chest down good that's gonna stretch it good stretch up and then pull and archer back and that's better okay so archer back and get your chest up like that best too much okay okay don't lift that much there you go like that good pull good up good good stretch a little higher up stretch stretch stretch stretch good even higher up even higher up or higher higher good let it go all the way up till almost it's about to touch now pull good two more one more good job that's better good okay that's that's how you do it yeah so to to queue in the mind it's like stick in yeah but like going yes arch like doing like this a bit but keeping it here yeah but but you're using this motion and arching your yeah okay so it's like like almost like a pull over machine that's super nice the tip with like turns people fall yes because when you have to intend to do it to overdo it a little bit then it's just perfect because you stretch it all on that's right when you think you're there it's an other 10 percent that's it what do you get me out today yes that's amazing that's all she asked for was your extra 10 percent it's always that's 10 percent voice and girls okay go towards your feet and down okay good go down that's it down towards the ground pull towards around that's better stretch out good good oh yeah good you can now feel your core too pull good good good good more come on down down down down down be slow up get lower the weight going to drop set on this one go all the way over okay good yes let's go let's go with hers go Right there. Pull, pull, pull, pull, pull. Bring those elbows back. Bring those elbows back. Go, come on, come on. Now, part of it. Go all the way to the top. Give me three, three reps. How far down? One. Good. Again. Two. Again. Oh, you got one more. You got one more. Come on. Good. That's it. Ooh. Take him out of the oven. He's gone. Ah. That's it. That's it. That's crazy, bro. Good. Good job. Good job. Thank you. Good job. Pumped. Yeah. Wow. All right, guys. I'm here with EURS and again, top three in the world. Something that I really, really dig about EURS is the fact that his passion is next level. A lot of people do not have the passion that EURS does. And I first heard about it through Seabomb because I know you and Chris are close. Yeah. You know? And so one of the things that he told me was like, EURS is a guy that is one of those body builders that is doing classic, not one of the other types of competitors who is just doing it to do it. And I know exactly what that means because I've had a lot of athlete with that are really passionate. Then I've also had ones that are just kind of going through the motions. And I've realized from you, this guy could definitely do open. Like 100% he has to hold back right now. Very similar to what Chris has done to be able to do that. But I know his heart and his passion right now is classic. Yeah. But because of the fact that he's also in the mix, again, would you ever consider doing open? Yeah. I say never say never. You know how it is. Also with your coaching, you'll go and your business, you'll go one step in front of the other. And right now it's the classic and the next is on him can I'm focused in. But time will tell and a few more. You're more work out to the funny and some protein shakes. Then maybe we are there. Yeah. We're going to do a couple of two scoop Sundays. Yeah. It's in barbecue and a couple of kebabs. It's Persian hotty kebabs. That's a special one. Yeah. And those are the ones that are going to make you grow the most. But again, looking forward to being able to get a couple more workouts with him. We've been talking about it for a long time. Here in Mumbai has been amazing. We are now finished with day two. We're going into day three of the IHFF. And this is going to be great to finish off strong. And then trying to get him to Texas so we can get to my gym. Do some training. Eat some good food. Maybe shoot some guns. Right. That's good. Have a good time. I'll hold over to. So yeah. So if you're not following him, shame on you. I'm actually following hers. Put his link down below. On your hand. Buh. Buh. Peace.

=== FILE: CHEST DAY W CBUM [qnQJH96EDXY].txt ===

We are going to do a little bit of something tomorrow but really today is a chest day. We are going to be going again 75 to 80 percent and cut down a little bit of volume, and just getting ready for the car but. 4.2-3 warm-ups and just 2-1. 4-2. We are working on honey. We should use some flies. Nothing crazy. We are going to do a little bit of honey. We are going to do a little bit of honey. Good. You are going. What? Is it easy? Do you want to go with quarter-end? Come on. Good job. I think that is a good way to do another set of pad. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job.

=== FILE: CLASSIC PHYSIQUE PREJUDGING  OLYMPIA [XRQeO7TvVys].txt ===

Chris! What's there? What's up guys? Happy to announce the 60th anniversary Mr. Olympia is upon us and we have our Evegen nutrition.com sale now live. Up to 35% off and we have some amazing deals for you in the giveaway tiers. Tier 1 we have free shipping as well as the limited edition translucent blue Evegen shaker cup. For Tier 2 we have at the $149 level. We have the limited edition Evegen next gen, Sling bag as well as something that's super near and dear to my heart which is something I've been working on all year long. The new ADP Extreme AQ RTD. That's right. Finally came out with an RTD to the best of the three different products 3D Extreme and AQ that is going to be on pre-launch. So what does that mean? That means that you are going to get a unit before everybody else and you'll be able to get that for free at the $149 level along with the Sling bag. Now for the $179 level which is going to be Tier 3 you'll be able to also include your choice of powdered carnage in. So again take advantage of between 15 to 35% off site wide as well as being able to get the new pre-launched RTD at Evegenutrition.com. Hi gentlemen, if you tell us rude don't play no game, no failmons, bro it doesn't matter now you'll win this racing You've the best IN every single shot. Come on! Come on! Come on! I don't know if that's spread out. Front double by so. Five chest. Five chest. Back double by so. Five chest. Five chest. Go very close. Five chest. Five chest. Twenty seven, fifty eight and forty six back in line.

=== FILE: CLUB SHAY SHAY CHEST DAY [bwaAzuZ64a4].txt ===

All right, four. So ladies and gentlemen, we got Shannon Sharp in the house. He is definitely a specimen. Again, I've worked with elite athletes of the world in the sport of bodybuilding for many, many years. And he is definitely one of those that could definitely could have crossed over if you wanted to. Hell, he could still cross over if you want to. So, amen. Kind of probably a little bit more. How are you talking about that right now? I need my 25-hole song to do that cross over. You can do that. You can do that. The band is right here. Whew. Cross over the hip. Good. Good. Archie back. OK? I think you can try it, but. Good. Go ahead and take your feet off. Good. Keep back arching. Shows him back. Good. Good. Good. Sheen-free. Good. Good. Good. Good. A little further back. Try to get a little bit better stretch. Excellent. Good. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Keep driving. Good shot. Pass on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job. Good job. You down? How that feel? You know how some machines are very, like, you feel it's certain in range of motion. And then you can get to two light. Right. It's too heavy. Right. On a lot of these machines, you're going to feel like it's. It's a lot of complete right. Exactly. If you do that, you can range. That's why they're considered so like the Ferrari. Right. Because it feels very, very smooth. You know, shoulders back. You drive. Make sure that you're breathing. Not like. Excellent. Good. Good. Control. Great on the way down. The way down. We're going to about two seconds on the way down. 1,000, 1,000, 2. You drive the car. Good. Right. It's going to focus right on the muscle right on your. Upper pack. Right in there. And a lot of people end up getting very heavy. Muscular lower pack. They don't get those upper packs. And that's why we start off with this. Good. Let's get you more in the middle of the rest of the week. Good. Nice stretch. And drive. How'd that feel? Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Archbishop's 10 reps. Solid feet flat. Good. Good. You can bring the elbows down just a little bit. So we're going to go right there. I'll drive. Perfect. Just like that. Good job, Shane. Good. Now squeeze the top. Hold it. We have nice and slow three seconds on this one. One. Two. Three one more like that. Drive. Good. Control. Control. One. Two. You're still strong, man. No. I came. I came this like I want to ride it. Well, I did the wheel drill, man. Yeah. Then you didn't even. Your tail would be happy. Yeah. Because I have to go to another hundred grams of suits. That's you. Good. There you go. Control. Watch your elbows. Don't snap at the top. Perfect. Just like that. Good. Good. Drive it. Good. Get that large. Good. Good. Good. Good. Now slow, slower, slower, slower, slower, slower, slower, perfect. Up again. Good. Slow. And drive. Good. You got two more. Come on, Shane. Come on. You got this. What? One more. One more. Come on. Come on. Come on. What? Good. I slow. Slow. Four seconds. Three slower. Two. Good job. Good job. Good. One more. Yeah. Now you're working. Oh, man. Good. Good. Good. You got one. Good. Good. You got one. Breathe. Good. Good. Come on, Shane. You got this. Drive it up. Up. Good. Nice and slow. Nice and slow. Four seconds on the way down. Four. Three. Two. Good job. Okay. Ooh. Ooh. That's how you do it. Careful which we're sure. All right. Lift up our car a little pickle. Drive it up. Oh. Drive it up. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good breathing. Chin up. Chin up. There you go. All the way. Good job. Come on, Doug. You only want one plate. One more. One more. Drive it up. Good job. Come down. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Good. Ooh. Wait. Man, that's beeping. Yeah. Yep. So you feel the difference? Yeah. Yeah. We want to stretch. So everything gets really stretched out. Okay. Let's like that you get hurt. Don't have to use as much weight. And then you get a lot of good muscle growth. And then you get your diet. And you get even more detail. Okay. So you look extra right. Okay. If you notice we're going wide. So it's going to be a little bit difficult. Good. That's it. Drive it up. Right now. Chest. Good stretch. All the way. Excellent. Keep going. Go on. Stretch. One more. Keep it up. You're up. Good. Nice and slow. And then I'm going to do something. I'm going to help you on the way up. And you're going to do that again. Okay. I'm going to slow. Slow. You're going to really burn. You got one more. One more. Just like that. Good. Not using a lot of weight. Just really good deep stretch. Drive. Drive down. Slow. Slow. Good job. Up. And down. I'll set this. Good. Enjoy your day. That's it. Holy. Holy. Holy. You got it. You got it. You got it. Good stretch. And drive. Excellent. Good. Keep your feet flat. Keep your feet flat. Good. Let's say. Good. Good job, champ. Keep moving. Move. And then. I'm all in. Good. Again. Good. Good. Got four more. Four more reps. Good. One. Down. Low. Lower. Up. Good. Good. Again. Three. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. And drive. Yeah. Now. You got one. Five seconds. I'm going to go down. Five. Four. Slow down. Three. Two. Yeah. Good job. Now down. Okay. How you feeling, sir, part? I feel good. My chest don't feel good. But I feel great. I'm doing it. I feel great. That's awesome. So again, two exercises we worked on the incline. Because again, nobody can have too much upper pack. Then we went into something that he's never used before, which is the Plot of flat press. It really gives you that deep deep stretch. So he was able to do that wide. So again, didn't have to go too heavy. So when you come together, what you're going to do is you're going to open up your hands. You want that pack to really, really get that really good. That's it. And. You got one. You got your arms. Yeah. Just a little bit. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Sweet. Good. How's that way? Yeah. Completely different. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, like, anything you've ever done. Way back or loose. There you go. We're rocking that 3D chest. Oh, good. Keep it rolling. Keep it rolling together. Perfect. That's it. Give it. Good. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Good job, you. Now, hold there. Three seconds three. Two. One. Good job. Good job. Stretch back. Stretch back. I'm. Oh, good. Whoo. Got it. It's. That. That. Good. That. Good. That. It's just like that. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. You got five more. Yes. Squeeze. Good. You got this. You got this. Easy. Drive. Good. One more. One more. It's. Squeeze. Hold it there. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Slowly back. Slowly back. Slowly back. Slowly. Slowly. Good. Good. Good. You have to go a little bit. Yeah. Sit down. It's not a lot. You got it. You're doing good. I'm just really wanting to show you maximum. You can definitely draw a lot of energy. I know how strong you are. But I'm giving you this new range of motion. Which isn't ever done before. I'm just really trying to make sure you get that contraction. That nice stretch got this down. Come on. Drive. Excellent. Really good stretch. You're going to get that really good palm. Right there. Squeeze. Good. Good. Good. If you're flat, don't fidget. Don't fidget. Drive. Drive. Good. Again. Good. Drive. You got last one. Last one. I was going to do this. Come on. Drive it. Drive it. Drive it. Now you hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. One. Now we're back. Four. Three. Good job. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Catch your breath. Now go ahead. Squeeze your chest. Flex that chest. Bend your elbows a little. There you go. Squeeze. Squeeze that. Squeeze it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Keep on there. Keep on there. Three. Two. One. Woo. Woo. Yeah. You can start. Yeah. Good. Little slower. Perfect. Good. Good. Good. Even on the way. I want you going to do it. Okay. On the way. Show that. Perfect. Boom. And. Good. And drive. Good job, James. Don't. Go. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. I've accidentally slowed. Slow. Slow. And again. Good. You move it. Keep it moving. Don't stop. Good. You got two more. Drive. One more. Good. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Nice. One more. Slow. And. Good. Good. Yeah. Just keep getting stronger brother. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Just. You're not that good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. the stretch it sweet and all the way up good. You've got three more bro. You've got this. You're so strong bro. You definitely use your arms. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. Two, good. I've got one more. I'm gonna just like that. Go. Good, super strong. Super strong. Drive, drive, drive, drive, drive and lock it up. Excellent. I don't know how to board a T end. I don't know how many work, but they'll more than that. Isn't that good? That would not have to say it, but no. That's it. Stretch. Good. Good. There you go. Good, stretch. You need to stretch a little further. Good. Good. Good. Troy, control it. Good. Not too fast. Not too fast. You can go a little bit further back. That's better. You're just forward because you're on your back. That's it. You've got chest forward. Let's stretch. Good. Three more. That's better. One. Two. One more. You got one more. You got one more. Good. And then now we're gonna super set up with pushups. Good. All right. Let's go. Let's go. Come on, doctor. Let's go right here. Let's go. Let's go. You don't pushups. Come on, doctor. Come on, doctor. Just with a money that's good. Come on, Shane. Good. It's a failure. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I don't know. I'm falling. I can't get up. Yeah. That's too important. I thought I would. That was your pride, right? Yeah. Me. One more set. That's it. I'll take that. What happened to fear on my stuff out the floor? That's it. What did that count me? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good stretch. Good. Very good stretch. Good. Is it free? You're on the back to be chest forward. Okay. That's it. Six forward. You're on the arm's back. That's better. Good. Stretch. Stretch. That's it. Good. Your natural tendency even wanted to be lean back, don't lean back to lean arms back. Even further. Okay. That's better. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze that chest. Good. You're going to do some elbows back. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. All right. You know what to do? Little wider. Little wider. Little wider. Little wider. Got this. Got this. Come on. Come on, big dog. Good. Good. It's a troll. Control. Good. Good. It's a troll. Control. Good. Little slower than the way I'm. That's better. Good. You're going. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You're going. Come on. I'll go more. Come on. I'll lay up. I'll lay up. I'll lay up. I'll lay up. Now slow. Slow. Slow. Five. Four. Three. Two. Like on the corner. On the corner. Ah. Good job, yeah. Good job, yeah. Oh, but good news. Here I will not put up with the chance to paint. Yeah. We can go right down. That's it. We're going to write down. Straight. Straight. Stretch up. Go up. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Feel that. Four, four. One. Two. Three. One. Good job. Good job. Good job. Nice. I like eating breakfast. Good. Good. Good. Good. Last year, had a good. We get up back a little bit. Try to bring it up back a little bit. Behind you. Yeah. We've got a work on your stretch. Good. You've got to. You've got to bring it up. That was one. And you're double. That's better. Good. Good. Try. Stretch down. Good. There you go. It's stretch. Stretch. Good. Yeah. You used to do this. Good. Good job. Stretch. Good. Down. Down. Good. Come on, Shannon. Good job. Eat triceps. Good. Good. Two more. One more. Hold that. Good job. You sure know? I said, yeah. Good. Good. And your elbows. Good. And your elbows. Good. And the elbows. And the elbows. Good. For the back. For the back. There you go. That's even better. The at stretch is everything, brother. Good. Full range of motion. That's better. Good. You feel that? Mm-hmm. Good. Good. Don't need to turn away. Just that. Full range of motions. What's about? Pete top. Good. On this lower now. Good. That's it. Good. And drive. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Come on, Shannon. Good. And up. Good. One. Two. Good. Plus one. You got this. And drive. Come on. Come on, bro. Drive. Drive. Good. Nice and simple. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. And I appreciate that. Big, big, big. Next round. Here we go. Next round. Next round. Second round. Next round. That's easy. There we go. Good job, I was asking what. Alright guys, just make sure you check out all the new content on the FST 7 out putting out. Tons of really good workouts as well as lots of different tips, two weeks free, check it out at honeyrambod.com. Good job. Good. Go, go. Good. You got two. Down, down, down. One more. One more. One more. One more. Drive, drive, drive, drive. Good job. One more set with that. Drive, drive, drive, drive. All the way out. Just try to get rid of those blue four legs. There's a lot of arms that are doing wider. Come on, let me. Let's go. One more. One more. One more. One more. Yeah. Okay, I'm going slow. Slow, slow, hold down, let go. You hold it. You hold it. You hold it. Anywhere done. Good job. You got to keep it. Hold it. Four seconds. Three. Two. Yeah. Whoo. That's your room that's back. You're back. Good. Just like that. Hold it. Just a little higher. Hold higher hands. There. Twist, twist, twist, twist. Hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. One. Good job. All right. Just don't pass out. Squeeze that. Yeah. Squeeze that. There you go. Squeeze it. Hold that. Five seconds. Four. Three. Squeeze. Hold that. That's it. Oh. Yeah. Ha ha ha. It looked good though. All right. We just got done doing chess and tri-set with Mr. Shannon Sharpe. All the favor himself. I was it. It was amazing. It was great workout. I love the tempo. I love. I love training differently than what I would normally train. And so it just lets me know what I need to do and what I need to get better at. I'm always a sponge. I always want to learn. I'm always trying to get better and what better train. We're trained with someone that's guided 24 times. Mr. Olympia coach. Feel he. See bomb. Long for you know, you name it. He's trained them. And so obviously know what he's talking about. And when that picture that you saw my IG. But my 54th birthday he was the guy that sent me the program. Told me how should he. How should train. How often I should train. The amount of cardio I should do. What time I should eat. How often I should eat. And so we back out of the game. So we're about to see what we're going to do in the next. Make six to eight weeks. See what type of program we can put together and see how. You boy get peel like an orange again. Let's try it. 60th anniversary of the Mr. Olympia is in six weeks. And his backyard. So we're going to go ahead and make some changes and give you guys some update. As we do it. So again, thank you all for following us and all the support.

=== FILE: CYD GILLON GOING FOR NUMBER 8  EP. 114 [w4F5C3ua0hY].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, honey Rambot and I have two special guests with me today. None of the then seven time miss figure Olympia, Sid Gillian, and her coaching, Damian, the producer. Yeah. I remember one time you reached out to me and asked me if I was going to see you. Yeah. For the, yeah. Because I'm the pro creator. Yeah. And I said, no, I like you too much. I see you. I was a little bit lucky for you. But welcome to the Evejian HQ and finally we've been talking about you coming out here for a minute. And you've been actually an evening coach, a longer than Sid has been an evening. Yeah. Yeah. And it's cool because the other part about this is the fact that you're always, and I talk to Sandy about this all the time. You're like the shadow. You come in. You handle your business of the shows and then you roll out. Yep. Okay. And so we're going to go into a little bit of depth here on your history of coaching. Seven Olympia titles with Sid Gillian that's sitting right across from us. Yep. Also, you have several other titles. So let's talk about those. Oh, man. First one started in 2016 with a Courtney King. He was probably better know her as a C-Bum's wife. Yep. And then Sid all came along and then during that time when he joined my business partner. Yep. And then Andrea Shaw came along. Yeah. So yeah. Those are those of my Olympians. Yeah. Champions? Not too shabby then. Not quite where you're at, but you know. Hey, man. I'm getting there. Hey, man. But you keep getting more. Yeah. I'm not going to kick you. I'm like, I'll go one year. I think you had the after Jeremy and Phil. I was like, all right. I'm a catch-up. And then like, you have to that. You just went like, well, I'm like, I'm not catching up. Hey, you never know. But you're doing an amazing job. Thank you. And you know, you've been with the brand now for how many years? Well, long time. So I mean, I remember you and I were just in the gym just about an hour, two hours ago. And you remember the original EDP. And you're like, it was great. But it wasn't even great like fruit. It was great. It was great. It was something. Yeah. It was the original EDP. You know, it's weird though. I remember even a couple of years ago. I don't know how many years ago. But it was long when it was gone. I still had some. I remember trying it. I was like, I kind of missed it. It's like a pixie stick grape. Yeah. Yeah. Very weird flavor. Yeah. It was just enough to cover up it all of those amino acids and all the other ingredients. Yep. Because it was a combination of what was back then, EBP and Selkham. Yeah. And then, then what ended up happening was I ended up pulling the, because it was like 70s. I think retail was like 70 bucks at the time. And so what I did was I ended up 70, 75 dollars pulling out some of the ingredients and making its own product, which was ended up being Selkham, which was the second product I ever made. And then EBP was its own thing. Yep. And then, you know, I tried to make it more specialized at that point. And then we got really risky and came out with a second flavor. But that was like after two or three years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was like the 30 year. For the longest time, yeah. That was all the flavors. It was that was it. It was like you could have any flavor you want as long as long as it was great. Right. That's it. But, um, and then obviously, I found out that you had sit on it. And then, I was like, we ended up chatting it up backstage at the Arnold Cup a few years ago. And then, ever since then, it's been like, onward and upward. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, look, man, there's a lot of things that we can talk about. But one of them is your journey together with Sid. I mean, she's gone for number eight right now. We're just over six weeks out. And how does it feel to have someone going for number eight? I mean, that's the lucid number eight. You know, you know, it's so much. I mean, you probably can talk more. I'd be interested in here how you, how that year went for you. To be honest, I try not to process it. I try not, I just treated as another limpia for me. To be honest, I feel like if the more you think about it, the more you just end up just chended over think, you know, as coaches, we tend to try that out think ourselves. So they just chuffed and are coaching instinct. I feel like I'm a very instinctive coach. I've been very successful with that and I try to overthink the process. So yeah, that's my honest answer. I just haven't really thought of it. Yeah. So you're basically chasing it like it's the first one. I guess that's exactly how I took it to. And all that. And then I know that Sid with you, it's been many years. Did you have a coach before or was there a different coach? My parents, my friend, we were kind of winging it. The map I still live is. So we were just kind of like, oh, we're here. Let's just see what happens. Let's maybe not carve up. Maybe we should. Maybe we were just, I mean, real do a wing it. So I had a friend who was like, maybe you should try eating like this. And so he would make like a rendition of a plan that I would keep for the entire year in the next year too, because I was like, oh, you use the same diet plan, use the whole time. It's just still working now. But hey, let me just talk to you. If your coach is starting off with maybe, maybe maybe we should, maybe you should look at talking in the new coach. That's that's a scary term. Maybe maybe we should. But so you guys got together what year? That was, it's almost over nine years in December and it was after my second Olympia. That's when we started together. And it was like a fluke of a story for like those who don't know. Yeah. It was me and the girl named Adriana Kyle home. She used to compete. Yeah. There was a go. And so we were going down to the victory gal. I was like, girl, we don't have any seats left. The only two seats left. One next to D, one on the other side next to like Shannon Day, I think it was. I had no clue anybody was. Again, I'm winging it. I don't know anything from a can of paint. I just know that I'm here. I made to Olympia. This is great. And so I just sat down and he knows, I don't talk. I'm like, I'm not a talker. I will sit there in silence and be content with just sitting there in silence. So I sat there. If somebody speaks to me, I speak back. I'm not like a, oh, let me talk first person. So he started talking. I was like, don't know who this guy is, but he kept talking. But he's an anti-must. I was a lot more handsome back then. She wasn't married back then. She wasn't even in the picture. That's hilarious. So I was seeing my song then. And then that's when we first spoke. And then I was seeing him. I like at the Arnold the next year. And then he was always like, Castle Joe, you know, he's corny. So he cast a little Joe here. He's corny. And so then he reached out. I remember how he reached out. But we, we talked and I said, hey, it ain't up to me. It's up to my mom. Yeah, I'm gonna say it. I was like, you got talking to my mom. Because my mom was shut it down. Because she was, I was a child at the time. I was like, I had just turned. I was 22. I was 23 when we started together. I was 22. So my mom and my friend who passed a few years last year, they watched my back to make sure I wouldn't talk much other wrong people wasn't moving in the wrong circles. And make sure I was protected. So that nothing ever, I was never taking the advantage of. I was always like, I had people who have my back to make sure I was on the right path. And so I was like, it's not up to me. If she says she's cool with it, she's cool with it. Because before I was just me and my parents and my friend, we were just again, winging it. So for us to allow somebody else to come in and again, as a control freak, we're letting the rain go at that point. Like, yeah, we were winging it. But it was a controlled winging because it was in my hands. It was still in my control. If I messed up, I messed up. When I put it in somebody else's hands, it's like, it's a different, different effect. Where do you get that controlling nature? I'm a perfectionist. No, I did get that from your mom and dad. I like their both perfectionists in their own ways. They're both I really graduates. They're both like, my dad was a valetary and getting to all I, A, I, B, he was very much like that guy. Where did you go to school? University of Pennsylvania. Nice. For the first one. And my master said USC. Nice. Yes. So we came from a Ivy Owl cell. My sister's Ivy, we graduate too. So we were, everybody was regimented. So we all always just strive for the absolute best and whatever we do. So that kind of came from that. And then I think I'm more controlling than all my family members. I'm not not not lying. I'm pretty, I'm pretty sure I'm like the, I'm pretty up there with me. What is your husband thinking about? He's used to it. He's kind of like a, he's role-melos. So he's like the perfect man to the myying. Like I'm up here. He's like, baby, it's not that serious. I'm like, but it is though because it's Lisa that. And Lisa that. And Lisa that. So he gets used to it. And now he loves it. Yeah, he loves what she comes and stays in Arizona. I know that. Yeah, speaking of that. So 12 weeks out this year. In the past, you would do eight weeks out. And then it was a 10. And now it's a 12 weeks out. You come over, stay with Damien. You train at his gym. You're there for the entire 12 week prep. Or I should say closer to almost 11 right. And then you leave. Like halfway. We usually drive up if it's in Vegas on a Monday. Okay. Yeah, the Monday of the show. You drive up together. And you guys are staying together. And then are you guys staying at your house? Yep. That's a room for her. It's always been there extra car. So she uses that. She gets everything set up. And then do you have to go for it? No. No. No. No. No. I'll try not to be home when she comes there. I disappear. He's everywhere. Yes, I disappear. So we very rarely see each other at the house. Yes, you still have the course scorpions that come in at your house. And the new house I'm in, no, but that's not what you're saying. Don't jinx me. I had to come on now. No, so I'll tell you story. Uh-oh. And I remember him telling me. Right. Dude, he goes, hey, dude. You know what? Scorpions, right? I'm like, yeah, but you don't have He's like, yeah, I put my foot into my shoe and I have to find him in my shoe. Yeah. And I'm like, dude, I will never go to Phoenix ever again. I was like, hmm. I've been stung at my previous house. I think three times twice in my bed. Are they, which are they the seat like they are? The barbed wire. We're going to see the one that can crawl. If they can crawl, like if the wall ain't, there's a little ones you don't want to get bit by. So what, what happened? They just, they, they sting you. I don't know, but did you have to go like, anti-men? No, that's like a rouse name. It's like very, very few people have that better reaction. Kids and dogs probably, yes, but most of us adults, it's just a very uncomfortable paralyzing thing, you know what I mean? Yeah, that's crazy. But that's a sense of commitment, too. Yeah. Because I know, you know, normally we get hotty out here right around six seven weeks out. And again, you know, which is about half the prep. But with you guys out there, like that, you guys ever get into it? No, never. Never. I've only had a yellow two times. What was it? What was it? What was it two times? I was losing my mind. Yeah, one, one was in a mind. And then one time she was not how she should have been on the stage. And that's probably why when you were talking when we shot the video about her posing and the reason why she practiced is posing so much because that litter asked up because we lost because of her posing. So what was that? What shows that? Phoenix? No, we didn't lose. No, no. We were just kind of like it could have been a loss if it had a repeated result. Before you started winning the Olympia? No, I had one. Yeah. Okay. That's the crazy part. I had one. So it was like a show. Did she, it was a show she lost off? No, no, that was a Brazil when Victoria, you can hold your quads. Yep. And yeah, I lit her ass up because I was just like, how are you going to lose a show posing? You know what I mean? That was when she L'Otoria, I think, had won maybe one point. Yeah, and she was like chasing at our heels. And that should have been a show. She should have been able to kind of go over that hope and turn the corner and she just couldn't hold her. You know Steve, I think it was Judge and oh yeah, you know he buries you when he tries to pose you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She couldn't hold her quads and I just said never again. Like you'll never, you know, lose a show because you can't hold a pose. So now if you watch Olympia's, she's the only person that doesn't reset. Doesn't, doesn't, doesn't relax her arms, doesn't try to like do look. Nope, she'll hold that pose for as long as they want to hold it. After that one time. Oh yeah, that was, I was, I was scared for myself because I was like, you know how to hold a pose like what's going on? It's all said okay. Were you coaching back then? Yes, you were. I started coaching when I was 16. Right. Yes, I was been a long time. And did you ever coach competitors? Because right now I know for the audience that doesn't know, Sid is a very, very well respected coach in terms of posing. And when I say posing is not just figure athletes, it's bikini figure every single division of the NPC, IUP pro League. She goes over every single one. I guarantee you, if you made one up, she'll be able to teach you. I didn't learn how to pose in the bedroom from a man. Okay, I'm gonna show you that one too. That got extra. But that one is going to be in there. She'll make up some of them. Yeah, but you can get paid on it. She's gonna figure it out. But did you ever try coaching like athletes when you do nutrition or training? I tried once. I had a one lady. She was sweet as Pysh. She was CrossFit. I just said I think you can do it. But this was back before like the whole reverse dieting came about. And all the new healthier ways of dieting. So I did her those. School of diet, pooled those carbs up that cardio. There you go. You got to girl. Get up on stage. Get what you got. After that, I looked around. I said something shifting in the industry. I was like, there is a better way to do this. I don't know it. So that means I don't need to be trying to do it. Right. Like, let me just stay in my lane and just pull over to posing only. And that's when I just, I never did it again. She was my one and only. And that was when? That was, I think I just got in third place at the O. So it had to be, what was that? 2016. 2016. That was the last and only time. What was your first Olympia? My first win? No, first Olympia. 2014. 2014. I just graduated from college. Yeah. I think I was coaching Nicole back then. Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. Me, you mean, you mean, you mean, you. Yeah. And then, you know, some don't know that you did a TV show. Yeah. A little small one. Yeah. A little small one. Yeah. Yeah. Talk about that. I was on Survivor for a while. I was almost almost, it would be nine years ago now. So it was an experience that definitely helped my life outside of the stage. Because a lot of people, they bank on success, financial success in the sport. And that does not happen for everybody. So for me, I was broke with a joke going into my first Olympia. I was bank on the dream, Max, not the credit card saying like, all right, you can do this. You'll be mislampio one day. And I had this belief that I was just like, okay, though you're maxing out the cars, everybody should not do this, though you're maxing out the cars, you know, like you know when your heart hurts that this is your destiny. This is what will happen. And I banked on myself. And really was like, all right, if you go maxing these cars, and you broke as hell, you better put some foot to the gas. And so that's what I did. And it all worked out. But it's a Bible was the jumping stone for me to actually get some financial stability. Because that just graduated and couldn't get hired anywhere because I knew I was going to really, again, I believed in myself. And I knew that I couldn't go into my first four to five hundred job being like, oh, I gotta take off and go to Australia for a week for a bodybuilding show. Like, let's be for real. That's no, that's not, that's not okay. You've been Ronnie, Ronnie Coleman, eventually it came to a head as a police officer. And after he won his first Olympia, second Olympia, they were giving him a hard time because of all the time he had taken exactly. We're doing appearances and being Mr. Olympia. Yeah, it's built. Yeah, I've been that was just half a hour away from here in Arlington. Exactly. And it's just, so when you went, got your degree, what was your degree in? My first one was in psychology. Okay. Which again, to be fair, I knew the wasn't any money in that degree. But again, I also was going to a school that people killed themselves to get into it to get out of. So for me, it was like, let me do something that's going to make me happy in the allow me to find some type of happiness at the school because I did not want to be one of those students who got so bogged down because a lot of us there are perfectionists. So you have to find that balance where you can still thrive, but not so much what they push you over the edge. Because it's completion of happens. Jump off bridges and jump off rooftops. And I said, that's not going to be me. So I found that balance to of how to moderate my perfectionism to where it's only beneficial and not at hindrance to my life. And that started then. Yeah, you are the most driven people I know. Like literally in any industry and I know people in tech, I know people in entrepreneurship space, everything. And you're like, you know, we joke about it and I call you the Swiss watch because everything is just precisely measured. Everything you do at the end is it something that you've always been like ever since you're a little or is it something that just turned on and will have college or what was that about? I've always been very type A my entire life. I've always been regimented. I was the kid, like the little, I was like, I'm a closet nerd. So I was a person who like break down the pins, put the pins right together. Like, oh somebody's not going to my desk taking too long to put something together. I put together myself. Like I was the engineer type. And so I was always regimented. I think it got more intense as I got eight. If I was at age. And I recognize the importance of the values that I've been still to myself and then my appearance has been still to me. And the habits that I created, they just only found me success. So it's like a fifth found success once. Why not continue doing it and then go to another level with it to see how much more success you can get. So that's just why I just keep getting crazy and crazy. Every year she creates a new habit. It's like her goal. Like, I asked like, what's your new habit this year? Because I think most people when they find success, they they're speed up or they slow down. She speeds up. She finds another way to like level up to another level, which even makes me even level up as a coach. So it's definitely um keeps me moving. Keeps me young. So what's your new habit this year? I've had about a couple. So let me get my order. I gotta see when they came in. So I think a couple year, well, the most important one, like we talked about my cheat mills, that was very important. It was so important that it allowed me to get another month and a half of cheat mills this prep versus last year or much stuff got pulled fast. I was like, pal, when my food go. But it's it's it's it's more so as I get older, it's more so about foresight. And it's like, okay, so if you want to have this little cheat mill, how about you can dent it so that you can still have it as far as you can and then go from there. So all my cheat stay been like, I have a minimum. It has to be two burgers, two fries. That's the minimum. Otherwise, I shouldn't just have the cheat mill. Right. And people, I've seen the massacre. She calls cheat meal eating. And it's it's it's it's don't look it. It's like everybody wants to see national geographic until you see my right like this woman is five foot what? Almost five work. Okay, five for a good day. Yes. And then you're 100 and I don't know. I never tell my life. We don't tell you well. Well, I'm just going to say it's between 100 and 150. Okay. And even in your off season, which is much heavier than that, if at all, you can put it away like dairy lunch for. Yes. Okay. I've seen how he choke on me. I've seen Derek lunch ready. I've seen Ronnie Coleman. I've seen Jay Coler. He. Hell, I've seen Phil Heathie. Okay. And there's a reason why we call him Burger King. He's kind of like he could put away the burger. Yeah. You know, we call that the Royale, which is yeah, right? That man can eat. But you, there's levels to this game. Yeah. You know, and I always say that, but this, so when you say double, like you'll do a burger and another burger. Yes, two burgers and minimum, two fries and minimum. Minimum two. Other than that, at least a severe hunger pains. No joke. Yeah. That's the minimum. What's your favorite burger? Oh, red robin, the barbecue bourbon. Oh. Yeah. That's a good burger. It's not only the Super Tattoff fries on the side, or if we talked about, you go to five guys get there fries, put those on the side, and then you get another fry to go with that one. And they don't have regular fries. They put like a bag of fries and something like that. That's why you go with your ear. Yeah. And what do you order there? You just get the little fry. Oh, you don't do the burger there? I do sometimes, but their quality has gotten a little bit of support, so I just stop going to that. Okay. Where is anybody from five guys? Yeah. I know. If you do that, if you have tightened up and then if you then call us and if you want to do sponsorship. So yeah, absolutely. So you end up doing that. Yeah. And like just for the audience, say here, can you just describe some of your biggest cheat meals because I know some of them? Oh, the ones that got have gotten visualized are nowhere near the what I used to like when me and D first got together. Mine do. Here's let me give it a purpose. When I first started competing for the first 10 years before I met D, you know, cheat meals existed. You ate whatever you wanted and then you pulled your carbs for a couple of weeks. That was it. I was 13, 14, 15, like I was a teenager. So you could pull your carbs and eat whatever throughout the year and be fine. When I got him, he said, you could cheat me off it. Say, let's. So I did. So I will go and I had this big muffin I would get from Sam's Club. Okay? You start there and I tell Reese I say, babe, we started dating this time I said, babe, we had to go over to five guys. I ate the muffin on the way to the five guys. Okay? You get to the five guys. You have the pizza at the house. Small one to be fair, for small. Okay. And then you have the pizza and the fries and the burger. You put that together and then you do the Puzuki. That's the pizza cookie with the ice cream on top of that. Yeah. And that's that was the biggest one. That was me. There would be like a public sub in there. That's the healthy one. My pub subs are the healthy ones. See, that's my refinement. There you go. I no longer eat pizza on shegnals. I don't eat pizza at all. I don't eat pasta at all. Why is that? It's just too much dairy. Yeah. Like all eat it like when I do my food festival post show and that's even gotten better too. I'll eat pizza then that'll be one of the year. That's how a Ronnie was. Ronnie would only eat pizza once a year and it was after the Olympia. He would order like 10 or 20 pizzas. Yeah, but even eat them all. Okay. He would bring it for the family. Okay. So Ronnie's family would be back at the sweet after the show and then he would bought you know order like 10 balls of Dom Perignon and then he would order 10 or 20 pizzas. And so we'd all go back there. Do a prayer and thank God and then it was time to eat and it was pizza and champagne. And so Tina his sister who happens to have her and I share her birthday. Jen, you know, Jenny, fourth. So she's a Capricorn like me and she's a very type-in. She's like you too. She's like type-in. Everybody at this table is type-in but then you're type-in. A plus plus plus and that's the one on the end. That's a plus plus. That's it. But he would turn around. Honey, honey. Man, hurry up but eat your pizza, bro. Because we got going McDonald's. Right? So I'm like, okay Ronnie, time to go McDonald's and then what are we going? Man, then we going club. It was one of those things where it was just pizza but that's when only time I ever seen me pizza is right there and then after that it was always eye-hop and then out loud. My eye-hop and I love my eye-hop. And then black eye-peter in the day. Okay. And so it was just boom boom boom boom and God rest her soul. His mom when I arrived come over there. She knew I liked that hummingbird cake and then she would make me hummingbird. Oh honey's in town and then she's like dude, my mom like love you. She made you hummingbird cake and it should bring over the hummingbird cake. I didn't know what it was. This is cinnamon. Okay, that's so good. I didn't know what's in until the day. Pineapple, the manas, yeah. Yes, it's amazing. Wow. And then so she would make me that. She'd come over. She'd pull up and Ronnie would always buy her a new Lexus and then pull up in her new Lexus and she'd just pull right up on this front of the house. She'd come over there. Leave the door open. Come right up to the kitchen. Get all the food. Have it there. Set. Okay. See you later. Hey, I'm like love you mom. Yeah. You know. And but it was amazing. So it was one of those things where I know about certain people wanting certain things and also just understanding it. I remember Flex, we were telling me stories like his thing was like Wendy's love Wendy's. Right. Unfortunately, he would eat it during his prep. Oh, yeah. So a little bit of self sabotage. And then his wife would find the wrappers and you can see the car. Right. So drive through and all those and I feel that it takes it now a lot more of that mental toughness. Yeah. And it and I think that that's what coaching really has become for what you do and what I do is just to be able to reinforce those things to be able to have clients such as said to be able to really put an effective game plan together. Because in the back of the day, I think we had a lot of people who had a good genetics, but they just weren't mentally strong enough to be able to really hit the plan. Yeah. And then when you do find those people who are coachable like Philly, you know, who coaches his whole life who really came up with just really, really good coaching division one, basketball player and being able to have someone like that with a drive and focus. Then you get some amazing results. Right. So you get that hard work plus genetics equals greatness. And right now, you know, you guys are chasing number eight right now. Right. So again, there's been a couple of people Ronnie Coleman, Leighaney both hit it eight. Obviously Phil chased that. I still see things to this day. He could have won that one. But unfortunately it didn't work out for him on that one. But I think now when you go back and look at the pictures, most people were like, oh, look, I'm back out of deep. Probably should have won that. But and then obviously, you cannot leave out the legend Iris Kyle who had won 10. Right. And and she doesn't get enough accolades. She really doesn't. So shout out to you Iris. Honestly, can't wait to, you know, eventually, you know, have her out here in Dallas visiting us, because she has some amazing perspective. And it's one thing to win. It's another thing to repeat over and over and over again. What do you guys think has been the hardest thing for each of you, starting with you said, what's the hardest thing when it comes to this repeatable process that you guys are creating right now? Honestly, none of it because I'm so neurotic. Anyway, no matter what I would do, I'd be neurotic about it. So it's kind of like, oh, so people think, oh, how does it feel? It's like brushing my teeth. I've been this is my 18th year competing. So my entire teenage years, my entire adult life. We're talking to you 25. I love it. Oh, I wish. But it's it's none of it is hard to make anymore. It's because you do the same thing every single year and do it better and do it longer. And I just simplified the process so much. Because I don't have time to really think about it like they said, we don't we don't think about it. I think once the job is done like, all right, when we need to go back and figure out what we we aiming for next year. Looked then, after that point, it's time to do the work. No point in keeping just dwelling on it. See what needs to be done. Get your critiques. I still get my critiques. I still hate. What a job thing. What I need to do. So you go with socked Sandy. No, yeah. I don't. They'll come and tell me the critiques. Sandy Steve, I'll. Yep. Tell them what I need to do. Do you get different critiques from different judges? Yes. Yes. Gotcha. Just I can get different viewpoints because again, all those scores matter. The more ones you get, the better. So I think at this point, since it's been so long, it's just in my blood and how I move that none of it. I feel like a lot of people overanalyze the sport and overanalyze themselves in what they're doing. Like, yes, I'm overly analytical, but in the day, that's what I have him for. He's my brain. All I need to do is do the work. So you basically execute and let him worry about putting the game. He says jump, I say how high. A lot of work. A lot of work. Hey man. A lot of work. I don't know the little thing of the show. You do. Yes, you do. I've watched you over the years. And I'll be peace on the sideline. Yeah. And then he's peace behind me. Yep. You did a good though. The last Olympia we were in the Arnold, or the Orlando. You had an air buzz in. And I tried that last year, because that's how you two years ago with that. That's a good idea. Yeah. Because man, those voices and noise in your head. Well, let me be honest with you. I'm going to give you a little secret. The reason why I have the air buzz in is they're not on. It's so people don't come talk to me. Yeah. So again, probably shouldn't be putting this on. People are going to be tapping on the show. Yeah. Listen. I know you hear me. You don't even have a phone in your hand. No, but it's a thing, man. It's a thing. There was times where I would go to the gym. And I would have back before we used to use air buzz. Use the wired hair person. And actually, to be honest with you, I'm kind of going back to that. Because I don't know about all this wired, you know, I've got a relation for these air pods that we're using. And a lot of the frequency and what does the cells around your ears. So I'm definitely going back to using the wired ones. But I would literally have it there. And I wouldn't even have a plugged in. It would just be in my pocket. And then they're like, hey, what's going on? I'm tapping on my camera. I'm like, I'm going to be doing things at hanging out. I forgot to think about it by pocket. And they're like, do that even plugged in, bro. I like it. New technology. You don't even plug it in a more. It's the Persian version. Right? It's the Persian version. But on all honesty, I mean, that's what I was doing. When you saw me is because I just don't want to drown out the noise. And because again, you got thousands of people within the arena. So you're not going to be literally talk anyways. I mean, it does have noise canceling. So if I do need to get a whole somebody, I can't call. But a lot of it is just to block out the noise. And also to just kind of be able to say, hey, look, dude, I'm working right now. Yeah. I'm not trying to be rude. And just being able to create a little bit of that kind of barrier. And so when you're stressed out, what do you do? Are you a person who is the guy that sometimes five o'clock in the morning you're getting up in your like Holy shit? We got to start, you know. I used to eat, but you know, something happened a couple of years ago. I have no longer eat like I used to. Can you talk about that? Yeah. It'd be the first and never announced it. But yeah, and at heart attack, January 28th of 2003. So yeah, I was having a heart attack for about three days. Before I realized it was a heart attack, I just assumed it was a little bit of maybe a panic attack. Because no need to deal with a lot of stress. You kind of used to being anxious, drove myself to the hospital on a Sunday and never got out for a couple of days. So yeah. So the minute you went in, did you know you were having a heart attack or did you think you were, you said you were, and again, we talked about this a little bit right after that happened. Yeah. But when, and I appreciate you sharing this with the audience because look, a lot of coaches are listening to this, competitors, ex-competitors, and just being able to kind of understand the mindset, right? We were going to very high stress type of business. Yeah. And the only thing that's more high stress than coaching is winning. Yeah. Because you're trying to do what you're, for you live, I careously through your athletes, trying to keep them on top. And as you're trying to do that, you're literally giving bits and pieces of your soul to reduce the friction of the athletes. And I don't think that everybody realizes that and how hard and how difficult that is. Because what we do is we are the ones that are going to not sleep. The ones that are not going to eat, where are the ones that are not going to train? Because we want to do everything we possibly can to make sure that our athletes are going to be their best. And so when you were going through that, did you end up realizing that moment when you got there that, hey, look, I got to change, or can you walk us through that a little bit? Yeah. I'm probably going to get a little emotional and I'm already starting to get a little tear. I'm as hard to talk about because I didn't, you know, I don't, I think when you get to the level that we're at, you don't really think about like life or death, you just think about doing your job. You know what I mean? And I just focus so long on just doing my job. And I don't really think I ever really cared if I lived or died. You know what I mean? Just then I do what I do, you know what I mean? It's what it is. You know, especially as men, you just, you grind it. It's just what your tie, you just work until the day you die. You know, it's just kind of, you know, tie a group at least. So yeah, when I went there, I wasn't, I didn't know what was going on. So I walked up to the counter and said, hey, I think I'm having a heart attack. They took any KG and actually said, no, you're not. But something doesn't sound right. Let's, let's take you in the back and draw some blood. So when they were back there drawing blood, the lady who was drawing blood looked at me and my job was getting really tight. My chest was starting to really hurt and she's like, are you doing okay? And I said, I think I'm just anxious because you guys keep, you know, poking me, you know, pulling blood out. So I was like, well, let's run another EKG exam. I had the lead still on me and they ran that. And as the cardiovascular surgeon or whatever was on staff was walking by, they were like, hey, do you want to look at this? And instantly he goes like he yelled something like, change a plan. I think people, next thing you know, a curtain flies open. Five people come in, they're speaking in all these tongues that I never understood because I've never dealt with anything. And my family was heart disease. So I called Whitney Jones, my business partner, a financial MP of the champ. Because she's dealt with heart stuff. So I called her and she told, you know, put me on speaker so I can hear. So she was talking to the doctor and then I had about 10 minutes after that. I got well done in a heart surgery. So I remember my dad just recently had passed and I remember just saying, I'm not allowed. I said, lower down not ready, so don't come give me. I said, I'm not ready. And at that point, I realized that I didn't, didn't want to die for the first time in my life. Because I had all these people that, I didn't tell anybody. Very few people found out. Very, very few people found out. And how people naturally heard because it went through the great vine and I realized that there's a lot of people that care about me. And it really bothered me that I didn't care enough about myself to take care of myself. But like you have people that care about you. And you don't even care about yourself. So it really kind of pissed me off. You know, you got to do better. So from that point on, my life changed drastically. Like I actually enjoy what I do for a job. You know, I enjoyed my profession where I was before. I didn't ever stop to enjoy it. It's not like I just liked what I did. I just never took the time to actually appreciate it. You know what I mean? It's like I enjoy the people that are in my life. I enjoy going to competitions. I just, it's, I don't know how to explain it. It's like being a morning get, you know what I mean? I think as men, you got to hit rock bottom, whether you're an addict, whether you're whatever it is, you got to hit rock bottom before you want to really change who you are as a person. And I've changed a lot about who I am as a person. And I can honestly say I'm a much better person. And I, that, that was a necessary blip in my life. Like that had to happen. Had to happen. So I'm grateful that it did as, as maybe dumb as that sounds for most people for me, it was like like faltering. Yeah, well, I think that obviously everything happens for a reason. But you go through that after I heard about it. It was one of those things because again, we were in the same circles. Right? And you call me from the Arnold. Yeah, what the hell? Why did you tell me? Yeah. And I'm like, what the hell is going on? And you're a couple years younger than me. And so obviously, I'm thinking of myself number one, are you okay? And number two, you know, when I see you when I see Kim Odo, when I mean, we all roll together. Those days, yeah, right? Yeah, that's what you can. Yeah. And we, we've been doing it for a long time. And one thing we all have in common is we always put everybody else first. Yep. And I just feel like, you know, you have so many people out there that are coaches. And all we do is we bleed for our athletes. And I remember I think it was a conversation I had with with with Nauz, my wife. And I just said, you know, one day something's going to end up happening. I don't know when. But I hope it doesn't. But it's going to be one of those things where you're going to end up on generation iron. And you know, it's a no-bituary post because you just took a too far, you know, and think into myself. And saying you'll get a bunch of comments saying I love this video or whatever. And then they'll think about you for a couple of days, maybe a week max. And then it's over. That's it. And your wife, your loved ones and your child is going to be the ones they're going to really miss the shit out of you. And it's again, you have to really take on the ability to put on the auction mask, right yourself before you turn around and try to save everybody else. And me and see if I'm we're talking about it last week. And it was a continued conversation from the first year, I think we worked together in 2022. And it's really there's not a more prominent statement than if you don't take care of yourself, you're there's nothing else behind it. Right. You have to. And we don't, so many of us as coaches don't understand that. And because we always go back to what we know. Yep. And I feel it's like it's one of those things where you have to relearn and remap how your mind thinks and how he go because again, you know, I know you've lost some weight. Yep. But you are never heavy. Right. You never had high blood pressure. No, high blood pressure. Right. I mean, I know heart problems run in my family. Nothing. Yeah. And so you had nothing else going. Blood worked looked okay. Yeah. No. Don't drink, never done drugs. Right. So all of those things. But I think the one thing that you did have was you to eat, right? Your stress eating the home. Right. And it was like when when the stress to reduce the stress to be able to get into a state of relaxation, to be able to sleep. And we have done it too. We get one big meal. You have an eating all day. And you're hopped up on energy drinks or whatever. And then all day you don't eat. And then all of a sudden, you're like, hey, look, ran. I got to put myself into a food coma. So I can sleep. So if Medicaid goes the way, go and do it over. Yeah. And that's it. And then we get feeling like dog shit. Yeah. And you should do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. But so what have you done to kind of circumventing now? And what was the procedure? They do, they do stints. Yeah. So they put two blocks that were like 98, I believe. Okay. A third that was 50 and a fourth that was 30. So they won't stint you unless you're above 80. Okay. So I had two stints. Of course, they put you on medication. Right. I was on all those for the first year. I was on five of them. And then I started cleaning myself off. Some of them just to that just they liked the side effects. Yeah. Just like, like, blood glucose, mean you were talking about, you know, bringing pre-diabetic diabetic. I was starting to get to where I was more on the high end of the pre-diabetes than it was on a low end. I'm half a span of so runs on my family. Leverend enzymes, highest they've ever, ever been in my life. For those guy high from the stands, which you and I talked about, I think when we're talking on the Arnold. So some of the stuff I went more natural, you know, went over the countermeasurement. I was in a medication and then just really just shifted my diet. If you were to tell me, like, if you were to say, dam you, like, on this podcast, I'm going to give you $10,000 if you could stop eating junk food. I would say, keep your money. But the day I walked out of that hospital, something flipped and I just, you could put pizza cake in front of me right now and that smile all the time favorite wouldn't bother me. Wouldn't bother me. Like you're just flipped and I just said I'm not doing it anymore. So I just don't eat like that anymore. You know, I still enjoy food every once in a while. But when I enjoy it, like I can go to a burger place and eat a burger and not have to eat my fries. That's just weird. Like it just, it's just something just flipped. For more balance. Yeah, just flipped. I just don't do it anymore. Are you getting workouts in now? Yeah, getting workouts consistent. I still did back then. But you know, how it is, you know, your workouts, you know, your phone answering and some more time on a meltdown, so your workout goes to text message. You know, I coach women. I get lots of meltdown. But yeah, I just, and then prioritizing sleep, you know, where a whoop. I was talking to C-Bomb when he was at the gym. Like two years ago, excited to start at wearing mine. I saw he worse. I got all excited to ask him about it. Just really paying attention to everything. Whereas before I, I don't know, I didn't know when I just didn't. So if you retired, then matter, you know, drink energy drinking. Right. Not getting enough sleep, drink energy drink. Right. No. Maybe taking an ad role or something. Oh, you do what you gotta do, you know. Right. Just don't do that anymore. So it's not like that energy drink will last me like two days. Right. That's it. You know, now I just, I just, you know, and the people around me know that I'm going to prioritize myself, but still give them everything I got. They just gonna know my tanks long and ask for a day. I'm gonna, you know, go to bed maybe earlier. So if you need to talk to me tonight, honey, I'm gonna be in bed by seven o'clock, you know, because I know I need to get my sleep. So. Right. I just, I control what I can control. And I don't stress as much as we're like, I still, you're still never going to work me like you coaches out there. Like you know, you're just not going to work me out of the coach. That's not going to happen, but I will make sure that I'm healthy. You know what I mean? So it's just different. Yeah. No, that's, that's, that's it. You know, it's good to hear. Yeah. It's good to hear that you're building that balance. Yeah. I still don't like to lose it. I still don't like to lose the course. But that's what a good hand. That's what I got. I handle it differently now. You know what I mean? I move on a lot quicker from it. Yeah. Because you know, well, on it. Yeah. We're in the sport. You've been doing as long as you have. You're going to have more losses than you're going to have wins. That's the fact of the matter. Sure. When you don't like to lose, it's not, you know, losing sucks. It does. But, you know. But now I enjoy the winning, you know, as before I never enjoyed that. So I never got a high. It was never a high of like, you know, all you want. Okay. What's next? You know, I think people don't realize when you're working at this level, you're actually not chasing the high. You're actually chasing the low. You're trying to actually stack so many chips. The high is the gamble. Yep. Possibly not winning. Yeah. Yep. That's, it's just like a gambler. My dad had a really bad gambling problem. And one thing I learned was the fact that you do not get a high off of winning. They'll keep playing until they lose. Because a professional gambler knows when to walk away. Because they have a system. And that's why it's their profession. Yep. A gambling addict is a person who will continue to chase the loss because the high is actually in the loss, not in the win. It's that guy, like kicking the guy that I just lost $10,000. Yeah. $50,000. Whatever that is to that person. And I feel that when we're doing it, it's the same situation. You just don't feel you're numb to the win. Yeah. Because you're chasing all the way to that loss. Not that you're ever trying to get to the loss. No. But you're just trying to keep stack in the chips because all you're doing is you're playing let it ride. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And so it's a funny thing because there's not a lot of people you can talk about that. Because it takes a while. There's a very select group of people that can actually feel that or experience it. Yeah. Because you're literally chasing a record. Yeah. You're chasing a decade of just domination. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And so what happens is you're really trying to get to a situation where you're just like, you make yourself sick. Yeah. Physically, where you feel like you get to throw a lot. Yeah. And I've been through it many, many times. I'm sorry. I'm not a wife. I'll tell you. It's like, and there's a lot of people on this planet that will tell people, you don't know what I go through. Yeah. But this is something where I hate to say this. They don't know what we go through. Yeah. It's a whole different conversation because a lot of people are just trying to chase a win or maybe one Olympia win or just win, you know, local pro show or whatever it is. But when you're trying to sit there and win the Super Bowl over and over again, it's a whole different animal. Yeah. And you have not only 11 judges, but you have a million better online that you have to try to be able to also convince that you're athlete wins. It's a whole different scenario than it was 70 years ago. Yeah. And there was no internet. There was just social media. There was no, none of those things that were going on that those those champions didn't have to have the scrutiny that these champions have to have. So it's much, much more difficult. But I guess with all of those things being said, is there anything else that you can share for these coaches out here to be able to understand and how to build balance? Oh, it might be better at that than me. I'm still trying to learn it, brother. I mean, you're the one that had went through, you know, life, altering event. That I'm trying to stay away from. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, just stay on top of your regular, like, be consistent with your checkups, like give blood work done and pay attention. But you were doing your blood work, right? Yeah. But I just, I wasn't, I think I wasn't really paying attention enough to like some of the markers of like a heart attack and stuff like that. And common sense would tell you what we're doing like you, you, you, you know, you're at a time. How do you get your body? No, I don't think I just did the basics. I did like, oh, my hormones, my testosterone, my thyroid, all that stuff, but not really paying attention much to anything else. Right. So no, no EKGs, no cardiovascular tests. Not going to see cardio. And I think everyone thinks you have to be a certain age and the fun, like the funny thing was the day I went in, there was four other men there, all 40 and under that all had heart attacks. Wow. Same day, same hospital, you know what I mean? So like there's, there's a pattern here, you know, and whatever it is, that's another topic, another store, you know, another day to talk. But I just think, um, a lot of us are just not as healthy as we think we are, especially in the fitness industry. We look good. We're healthy. We're lean. We're basky. You know, you're not a witty. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a little bit more stress than me. A little bit more. Like I said, there's levels of this game, but yeah, yeah, yeah, he's a little bit up there. A little bit up there. Yeah, just just take care of yourself. Listen, listen to morning signs. I say, our bodies are always going to give us morning signs. You know, you got a headache for three days straight. That's not normal, you know? You dehydrated. Well, get hydrated. You still have issues. You have in heart palpitations, you know, are you taking energy drinks at a role? So like that, to get you going. If you are, get off of it and see what your body does. And actually get checked. You know, I think it would men just don't men just don't want to do stuff like when it comes to like health. You mentioned to add to all a couple of times. Were you using an off and off for a while? No, I didn't like it. I didn't like how many fields the next day. But I would use it when I would get back from a trip. And I knew I had to sit down and knock out like 20 plans or something like that. Got it. I would take like a half, like maybe 10 milligrams. But I never, I don't, naturally, I've been a addictive personality in the substance. Just goes, going up with my mom and stuff. I just didn't like how many fields. But still, I still rely on it when I needed it, you know, and energy drinks. It just can be, you know, certain ones can be amyping and probably just as bad. Yeah. Yeah. And then lack of sleep and lack, you know, bad foods and this is all. Yeah. So it's a really bad combination. Yeah. Yeah. I think the lack of sleep is a big one because that triggers everything else. Yeah. Because the longer you don't sleep, the more likely you're to eat. The more likely you're not to sleep, you're more likely you're in a caffeinate. Yeah. The more likely you caffeinate the more likely it's not going to work and then you have to use it as stronger. Yeah. All of those things going hand to hand in your heart becomes even more just, you just get more taxed because you're adding so many stimulants to it. Yeah. I think you have a lot of international clients throughout your career and I have some. And yeah, trying to find that staying up late enough to talk to someone so. But then you got to wake up early because your East Coast people, if you're on the West Coast, are up. It's just like, you always tell yourself, I'm going to catch up to one on. I'm going to get more sleep than you never do. So I think just making a good plan of attack, like being more like, you know, sit and maybe some of the athletes are having a schedule as a coach is probably I'd say probably my best tip that allows you to most success for a long period of time. Which is the most important thing you learn from said, oh, wow, that's a good question. Good question. Just her level of success. I'm now, like you've always been successful since I've known you as far as like multiple ventures. I'm now at the point in my life where I'm like, okay, what else besides just my coaching? So I would say, yeah, looking at a bigger picture trying to find ways to help more people in a way that's not just through coaching, you know. So that's my process and my mind now is trying to figure out that process. So, well, you get a person right across here. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, she's successful on anything she's ever done and I have no idea. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, and like I said, I think it's inspiring. I think, Sid's, what I call it is discipline. Yeah. She's ultra disciplined. Not that you and I are not. Yeah. But I think she is disciplined in a different format in a different way. Yeah. And not a lot of people are built that way. Yeah. Where they can turn around and be able to structure their whole entire day to be so ultra organized that they can be a high level performer. Yeah. And I feel that that's what a lot of people should aspire to, you know. And I think if you really break it down, Sid, what do you think is a, if somebody wants to become a bit more like you, where they can become more organized, more focused, what do you think? Well, how would you coach them into being a better version of themselves? Always said the plan is a plan. So I plan, like we talked about ahead of time. So if my day, so for instance, we're coming here. If I knew my time schedules were changing, I don't change my sleeve schedule. When I go from Georgia, I wake up the same time I wake up in Georgia. Any other time zone. When we went to Arizona, then we came here. I read it in my whole entire schedule to go to CST, change in my time zones. So that's part one of the organization of organizing your business is organizing what you have to do and what your plans are for that day. Then that's step one. But a lot of people get caught up in the planning because they're like, oh, this is too much. I want to be spontaneous. I want to, okay, then you won't get anything done. If you have one thing to do in your life, that's cool. But if you're a mom, a multi-business owner, you need to structure it so that you're able to give each piece of yourself to every single person. Like even when my family came out, that was a plan day. They came out this past weekend, a plan day that you get this amount of time. After this point, I'm also able to be a boundaries. Get your boundaries people. The boundaries in the schedule, nobody plays my schedule. My schedule is sick. And then I can make adjustments as long as the schedule allows it. But I think being so rigid and so rigid is the word. I'm very, very rigid. Like I can be adaptable, but I'm more so rigid, 99% of the time. And I think that's what I would start with. Get more rigid with your time. Get more selective with your time, whether that comes with the people, what you're doing, what actually matters. And a lot of people don't know how to prioritize. Like especially when I'm in prep, my priorities are prep. Nothing else. It's prep. But how do you not get distracted? Like social media, all these things that people, I just notice it's a problem for a lot of people. I think what it comes down to and I always say this is a lot of people don't like themselves. And in our industry, I always say I'd say a smooth 95% are insecure. So if you start from insecurity and not liking yourself, you're going to allow other people to tell you who you are. So part one is knowing who you are. Can't nobody on internet tell me nothing about me. Not to my face, not behind my back at any point in time and I've always been that way. So always say like back in the day, like people use to try to bully me, I can't be bullied. But you're going to tell me, because I got to slick mouth. Okay, because I will talk back. I don't, you're not going to play with me like that. So I think people want to have to get a backbone. One have to love themselves and know themselves and take time to sit with themselves and not reach out for other people's perceptions of what the other people's pat from the back. And I think that's the key thing for me and the key thing that a lot of people should focus on is again, when you love yourself, everything else falls into play. And I read this quote other day, it was saying discipline is the highest form of self love. That's me. I love myself. I love myself more than anybody else can ever love me. And at the end of the day, I'm going to make sure whatever I need is set because I can't give to anybody else if I'm not good. So I get really strict with my time. That was my husband, my parents. I don't care what's going on. I tell them, listen, this is my time. I need this for me. You have the other, um, teeth, mumps. This is my time. If you're not okay with that, you can go. And so that's another thing with the boundaries. Because again, I know who I am and I tell people ahead of time, I communicate very well. This is what I'm doing. If it doesn't align with you, that's not my problem. And so I think it's hard on the boundaries, hard on the self love and hard on the not caring what other people think. I think, and that just comes from self love. Did you, should I care? Were you always this regimented or is this something that you kind of continue to kind of progress into the current state of mind that you're in? I would say I've always been regimented. I had to give more regimented when I went to probably about a time I started ninth grade in high school. Because I started competing at that point. And then so I would have volleyball practice, basketball practice, track practice, I practice at two places, I practice at school with high school. And I went to the more house with star college in Georgia. I will go to practice with their coach. And I also had to train for bodybuilding at five in with my mom before school even started. And then do my homework after I got done with all of my other extra players. That's 993. And I'm great. All the way through high school. So by the time I got to college, I was like, oh, this is a breeze. Like, I've already had my time management down. Like, I am a time management person. And it just made my life so much easier to them. Ables do all the things everybody's like, oh, if you're that strict, you can't do all, not can do more because I am that strict my time. This gets this much, this gets this much, this gets this much. And when you're regimented like that, it allows you to do all the things and do them well. And that started in high school. So have you ever had friends that have asked you, hey, can you help me be this regimented? Yes, one and two, the struggle. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we won't mention our name and she's a dragon. No, we're good out. Oh, we got a coat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, she's, she's a skiing- Oh, I think I know it is. No, we ain't talking about it. We're talking about it. We're talking about it off camera. She's a high level competitor, right? And you know, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She MPs, you can better MPs. Okay, no. MP, you can better. High level. And so when you were doing that, did you get heard or read some books? Is it like that? I'm just curious because what I'm thinking is that someone's listening to this podcast going, God, man, I wish I was her. I wish I could be able to be that productive that I can be that organized. What could you suggest people do that are listening right now to be able to become? Because they're not going to be you overnight, right? And again, what could you give in terms of advice that somebody can be able to learn to be more organized, meet more disciplined, and somebody who can create more structure in their own life? Say no. A lot of people are scared to say no. I'm a no queen. No, no, no, no, no. No. I think of you. You know that. I think a lot of people, they're scared to say no. And that's what gets you in a pickle. Because then your whole schedule is overdone. You're wondering why you're overwhelmed. You're wondering why you're just because you did not say no. Because you're wondering why you're just saying no, yes, to things you don't even want to do in the first place. How has that been if it in your life? Like certain things, yeah, you go ahead and say yes to it. I get that. But saying yes to everything? No. No, you don't have to do that. I think one super learned, because again, saying no allows you to know yourself, know your work and have boundaries. All those three things set you up for success in any fast. But if you can't say no, not going really how much else to do. I mean, you and I get a learned signal. Yeah, yeah, I say no. Say no. No. That'd be nice. That'd be like, what? The one time I really tried to put my foot down was with Seabomb. And that lasted a week. That lasted a week. That lasted a week. That lasted a week. That was like no. My wife's like, you really think maybe I'm this one you should consider this one. But yeah, I think it's, it was one of those things where a lot of people are trying to relearn that. And like you said, number one, I see is that people play a victim. That's the number one thing. They always want to point the finger at somebody else. They never want to point the finger of themselves for the decisions they made for where they're at. The second thing is that people do not want to grow. They just feel like somehow they should be able to really level up. And they don't know that you have to. It's like training. You have to create muscle discomfort for them to be muscle growth. The brain is the same way. And what doesn't happen is it doesn't, you just don't wake up and throw a laptop underneath your pillow. And you end up sprinkling some water on there because it's not smoothness. And you're like, I'm going to turn around and create my own AI. This is why you know, I wish it did. Probably done the future. I call Elon here after we're done. But it's one of those things that doesn't happen. And so you have to be able to pick up a book. You've got to be able to listen to a podcast. But not just say it there and be like, man, that's going to be inspiring me for about 30 minutes or an hour. It's really trying to create effective habits. And those are the things that are really, really important. And that's why I think bodybuilding is so key because it teaches you discipline. Because you've got to get up in the morning. You've got to make your meals. You've got to do your cardio. You've got to be able to train. You've got to be able to make sure that you do possible. Your second session in a cardio. You've got to be able to do your ad work. You've got to do your post. You've got to do, you know, do all of those things. Right? So all of those things. That's why it's so important. I feel that everybody should do at least for one contest our entire life. Yeah. Because it really sets your brain into a different thought process and pattern so that you can actually be able to do more. Because otherwise, if you're not physically in this comfort, you're mentally never going to approach the maximum version of yourself. And that's where, like I said, it's inspiring. Because every time we talk, it's one of those things. I mean, even when we talk, I got you to say yes once. Yes, you did. I said yes a lot. So yeah, I was. I was a boss. But no, it's especially when it comes to social. And we talked about this during our gym session. And it's one of those things that you're doing a little bit different. This year that you're used to not doing before, which is actually being able to make people a part of your journey. This year, as you're going for number eight, you have been able to be very open about my suggestions about saying, hey, look, share the audience a little bit of not only what you're doing, but how you're looking. I'm not sitting there saying, hey, you need to do your updated pictures. And you know, when you're sitting there doing your updates, but maybe a little bit of, hey, this is my journey. This is what I'm doing. And I'm training. And I'm wearing a crop top or I'm wearing a cut off or something like that. So as you're by changing, and I guarantee you, he would have bet me. No, it may be nervous. But yeah, it does was pretty hard to tell you what it got. No, it was a big harm. You have not been calling you on the phone. I've been like F-no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, now post-heart attack. Yep, I'm good. Now I'm like, you know, her career and it's up to her decision. And she was okay with it. You know, it's been good. Well, is that mostly because of the fact that we come from back in the day of not sharing? I'm, you'll never hear me talk. You never hear me give a prediction. I just, we don't talk. No. Her thing is, you know, oh, action. Yeah. It's silence for a reason. That's your little, you know, things she has. And it's one of those things like, I know y'all competitors love competing, but you get on stage before the Olympic and you give me a long enough time to get a sneak peek at what you look like. Yeah. Not a good idea. Not a good idea. Not a good idea. Because you like to turn around and be on that level up. Yeah. You come to my backyard and show me what you look like. That's also a part of the sport too, because even for me, I know all my competitors are weaknesses. Every single one. If you're within that top 15, I've seen you win a show. I know what places you got. I know what shows you then I know why I beat you. Right. And that's a part of being competitor. So if I see it up close and person, I never see anybody on stage. I see me and I look for my coach. And I listen for my parents. That's it. I don't see what happens on stage until I watch it back. And that's when I start to study. And I'll go through each carl out. Watch and turn. Watch and turn. One person at a time. I say, OK, that's why she got there. And I'd re-judge it for myself. So I can see and assess what they're looking like now, what they look like next. Where this could go left, where this could go right for them. Different things like that. So I'm able to, because I'm a student of the sport in the day. And the thing is, it's like football. You watch tape. You need to know how people move. So that's what I do in this sport. She gets every live stream. Obviously, she has a lot of athletes that are competing. That she coaches so she watches. But she'll be texting me. You see someone's so blah, blah, blah. You see it. And I said, I already seen it. Trust me. So we always know what's coming around the corner. So what do you think of the Texas pro? He's so funny. He's so funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was, it was definitely a smaller show than I expected, but it makes sense because at a certain point, people know who's competing in certain places. So they try to shy away from those places. Sure. Which is neither here nor there. So what I did see was it was cool to see updates on what bodies look like. Current time. And then you just watch and look and assess and see what's the same. See what's not. See what could go left. And then keep moving forward. We see a lot. So let me ask you this. Because you started at the same time I was coaching women. It's time. How do you see the difference of the different areas? Because I had the Jenny Linera. So then I worked with Nicole for her last two Olympic events. And then there's now. How do you see that era? And this question is for both of you. What do you look at? Starting with you said, do you see the differences? I'll stage. Definitely. At thousand. I see it on stage and I see it backstage and I see it online. There's three different avenues that are all substantially different from that time. Because back then, Instagram, I think when Instagram was getting hot, when like 2012, I just got my pro-card at that time. Back then, the girls were nice enough on the NPC level. I will say as I started winning and doing better, that shift it quickly. And I was a part of the large part of the shift, the touria myself and Candice, of that shift. And I'm going to just be honest. When that shift started happening, a lot of people didn't like it behind the scenes. I don't know what they saw out there, but people got a real uncomfortable, real funky about it and real mad that we were starting to win. And you can take with that what you may. But being a part of that change, it allowed it to become what I view more of figure, which is you need a bit of muscle on there to have a figure. I consider a muscular action figure, a muscular Barbie, that's kind of the thing. So when I was first starting out, I had to get skinny. It's what I called it. For me, I had to be a twig. I mean a twig. I had to weigh what I weighed in six grade on stage. In six grade. In six grade, I was 120 pounds. My first pro win, I was 126 so can win. Wow. That's a problem. You still had cheeks. I still had cheeks. But I was a twig. And to me, that was an issue because even my friend, he was like, listen, you can't train. You can do pull-ups. You can do lunges and you can run. That was all I could do. That's crazy. Yeah. That's not healthy. No. And so thankfully, the shift had happened and it became more of a folder look, more muscle. So that way, you could include different body types. You could include more nationalities that are able to hold that muscle and being more included in the sport. And I think being a part of that shift was pretty cool. Now in terms of the ladies, we are very much more in a social media era. So a lot of people are coming in without the love for this sport. Back in the day, you were doing bodybuilding because you wanted to do bodybuilding. Now I was like, oh, can I get famous on TikTok? Oh, how much money can I make? Oh, can I get this sponsorship? Right. So it's very much more show and tell. And I think that's the main difference in why I shy away from updating myself with the new era because I wanted nothing to do with the showiness of it. Because y'all just want to be seen. I'm here to do the work. Yep. We're here for two different purposes. And I wanted a clear distinction to say, I don't need all of this that you have going on because I know who I am. I know why I'm here in my resume speaks for itself. And so that's why I was more so apprehensive about showing more of this game because it was thrown and like now granted to be fair. It's not like I'm out here with everything out. It's like a jar of the ratios. You're from saying that. Yeah, belly button. Belly button. And you're talking to that said. Exactly. But for me to even have a show to out. It's like, okay, my people are like, say, this is crazy. We're not used this. And I, but I think what I've learned so far is the appreciation for it. And so that's when the benefit of social media does help because when you have your tribe, you have your tribe. And those people were right for you. They don't even, they've never met you. They just watch you and they rock with what you stand for. And I think that part of the apprehension also was a lot of the people who follow me also with the same build of doctors, lawyers, CEOs. And they're like, I don't want to see all that either. And for me, I say, I got it. I don't need to put it out there on the internet. I can look at the mirror and see what I got. I don't need to be like those other people. And so for me, I was like, how do I make this transition where I don't ostracize the people who back me for decades? Before I was anybody, before I was misalmpia. And then updated to where I can still include them, but not brushed them off as if they didn't matter. And if our viewpoint didn't matter. So I think that was a large part of my growth. And I'm actually really, I've gotten very used to it now. I've been like a couple months now. I'm like, oh, okay, I can go out. I didn't even go to the grocery store and like, sleeves out. I didn't, I went to social media. So that was you in general. All the time. This general. Wow. Don't look at me. I'm like, I am good out the way. I stay out of my own business. That's what I do. I'm on my business. I stay to myself. And that keeps me out of mess as much as possible. But I think that was the biggest thing. But the update has been really, really cool to even see my older people. They're like, say, we understood. And then keeping, I did a YouTube about it to tell them like, I labeled it being the private person in the social media world. Two different things. Like, even mostly, but if you don't know my husband, you don't know his name. I don't tag him. I barely post him. And I told him when I have kids, you won't see them. That's not in your business. This is social media. This is don't ever act like a lot of people are entitled. They think they're entitled to know everything about this is not what that is. I'm going to give you what I'm going to give you and be appreciative. And so what I've learned is they are appreciative. And I think that makes you want to give more because they're like, say, we appreciate actually seeing how the muscle moves. And even I'm appreciative. Because I'm like, how that does look kind of cool. I see why you wanted to see it. I get it now. But back then I just, I was trying to avoid this group of people over here. I was trying to avoid. I was trying to avoid it. But I think I found my niche where it's like, is doing just enough. And it's represented too. Because I had to shift my minds at two and be like, you want to grow the sport. You also want to show women it's okay to have muscle. And if I'm not showing the muscle, I can't show them it's okay to have the muscle and get them in the gym. So it's like, I had to find like, when I listen to people like my coach and like you, who I know have my best interest at heart, that's when I listen. If I don't even know you like that, be quiet. And you don't have the right to speak to me on what I should be doing. Those who are in my shoes and know what's best for me, I will listen to those people. That's another thing about boundaries. It's knowing who to listen to. And they'd make sure that they would have your best at your heart so that you grow that way. But overall it's been an even when I walked into the gym. I had a little crop top line. It was like, what is this? I was like, oh yeah, updated my presence. Just like you know. I watched him. My name is no. When you got when you first got there, he was like, what? When we do check-ins every Friday morning in person, and my gym set up to where there's the bathroom and there's just a little corner and then the hallway. We do check-ins in the hallway. And she likes peaks around. She likes peaks. Make sure I'm there and she comes out with quick and then runs back in. That's how we do check-in. And what's the whole thing? She don't feel like it. Yeah. Imagine this. So like, so you're not used to that? No. Has it been overwhelmingly positive? Overwhelmingly positive. Overwhelmingly. Like the only issue, one or two guys want to tell me how to do a ladder race. Sir. Sure. Okay. I'm pretty sure my shoulders are okay. Yeah. I don't need you to just critique anything over here. And one guy was only one. I remember it. He wrote an all-caps. First of all, you talking to him. Block. I block real quick. Block. I don't have to block. I'm never in an argument with you. Block. Block. I do also get boundaries. That's how I do my social media. I have different buckets of who gets blocked, who gets restricted, who gets unfollowed. Quick. It's simple. Everything goes in a bucket. You talk crazy. Block. You wouldn't say anything crazy, but you kind of weird. And I can't really get a read on you. You're restricted. So that's, I'm not seeing your comments. You could see them. You could just talk unto yourself. But you didn't do enough to be put in timeout. That's it. Because you got to think of social media as your place. That's your house. That's right. You would clean up house. You want to talk crazy. Get that out. Bye. You will not be missed. It is a privilege for someone to follow you. That part. And that's something that people have to understand. I totally, totally follow that 100% of that. Addige of you are in their living room. That's it. So if you want to be disrespectful, they can kick you out of the living room. That's right. They can kick you out of the house. That's right. That's right. And you know what? It's your own downfall. That's right. And that's where you have to understand. There's boundaries there. And that's one of those things that I had sucks because Phil had to go through that. Yeah. Yeah. And there was no rules or rhyme or anything. And back then, and he did know how to handle it. And so all of those things. So he had to kind of pave the way. Because Ronnie didn't have to do it. The worrying didn't have to do it. None of those other guys had to deal with that. And he did. And so it was really, really tough. Even Jay didn't have to deal with it. Right. So when you look at those things and you go, wow. This is a double edge sword. But I do think that you inspire so many people. You have the best physique on the planet. And to show a little bit of that, right, for the inspirational purposes, for all those people that look up to you as being seven time champ. I think that is absolutely wonderful. And I'm so glad that you changed your mind. Thank you. And you're showing more. And I think, you know, I'm seeing a lot more people interact. I'm seeing a lot more people. Well, that's what the crazy's called for. I'm like, damn. That one I showed us. Yeah. Y'all were not here. Yeah. But now there's those people who just sometimes are little obsessed. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. You've never seen me in a tank. I've seen a lot of comments. But I'm going to have to get Damien over here to shave my back. But you know, in all honesty, I really appreciate you guys. I mean, you know, coming out here, coming out from Phoenix and the middle of your prep. Being able to share this with the audience, getting a workout in. Again, when you guys see this video, there will be a workout out here that we're going to be able to share on the EVGN channel that we walk through them doing shoulders. Being able to kind of go through it. And step by step, technique. A lot of questions and answers. And I feel like, again, those are the things that I really wanted to be able to share with our community. And I feel that there are so many amazing athletes out there. And they're just looking for how to get to that looks level. What's that next information? And not everybody has access to coaches like yourself. And so what we want to do is just give them just a little bit to be able to go to that next level and break that plateau. And I think videos like that hearing things like this. So again, if you're a coach or a competitor, ex competitor, guys, you can't eat the six meals a day of steak in rice. You don't need that anymore. You might have needed it back when you were competing back in the day, but you need to take care of your health. You don't get your blood worked on. Get together with your cardiologist. Make sure you get a calcium score done. Make sure you go in, do it. A stress test. The cardio stress test. Get your heart looked at and get your blood worked on on a regular basis. You know, and I think that this is a testament to that. And so again, thank you. And then you hadn't shared that information with anybody else out there. Well, I thought about it and I thought about it, but I'm not big on my personal life yet. Yeah. Well, again, I think it's going to be, say, not just one or two people. There's going to be a lot of people. They're going to really, really thank you for that. So, and I thank you. And Sid, thank you so much for taking the time. You know, you're busy schedule with all of your clients and everything else and putting things on the sign line for us to be able to get this podcast done and get a training session in. And so we got one more workout tomorrow. You guys are going to train tomorrow. And then you guys are back over to Phoenix. Yeah. And you guys, again, we'll go ahead and put the social media channels together. So you can be able to follow their journey and honey ramp on. Seven time champs. Sid, the Mr. Producer himself gave me. And that's the truth.

=== FILE: Chest Day with the Tren Twins in Miami [Qp_BZ1V3bRs].txt ===

Alright guys, we just got done with dates who at the young L.A. Block Party here in Miami. I got the grand plans. Right? Blocked in. Yeah. Yes, guys wanted to do a workout. We're gonna do a workout together. Kind of assess kind of where they're at. The last time we did a workout, the only other time we did a workout. We were in L.A. Yes. And the last L.A. Block Party for young L.A. But that was like two or three years ago. Yeah. That's what I first got into this shoot. Yeah. Yeah. I was in on your wrist. Yeah. It was on the pressing motion. Whatever. Yeah. But like your noodles here and now. Okay, good. Your career's on. It's gonna help you. We want to get to my next finish. Before you go into the heavy press out. For two reasons. Number one, then you'd be able to get really to feel the chest on the motions. But then also, you're gonna be able to do last and feel more when you do your presses. Okay. Great. Thank you for helping us. That's about my problem. That's down. That's down. You don't have your training. Yeah. You're gonna be good. Yeah. Good. That's how we like you. Yeah. That's down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, then there'll be other days when we do chest and shoulder separately to try to build up. We're going down. But you think that way, right now? I'm too late. I'm going to go up. You're more small. I'm not too young. Two, two, five. That's my way to do two of these. I'm going to do it. But I can do that. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. These two, I want to do the Olympia M.A. show. I just want to show up, shredding. I didn't really bolt or anything. I want to pull it. I'm going to do that. Okay. There you go. Okay. What? Yeah. Okay. Again. We need to pull like that. But I want you to come up and pull this together and touch. Squeeze touch. Right down the whole down. Hold it. I'll pull that. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. That's how you do chest. That's how you do chest. That's how you do chest. That's how you do chest. That's how you do chest. You're going to do chest. You're going to do chest. You're going to do it. Now that's good. Again. Okay. Okay. Come on. You guys are hoping for something to hand. Hold that right there. Hold it. Hold it. Here we go back. Go back. Again. One more. Squeeze. One more. Go again. Good. Stretch. When you stretch and your arms go back. Put your chest forward to make the stretch even deeper. Like that. Like that. You're going to do chest. That's the fucking difference. You feel the difference? Yeah. Wait. You feel like an extra. Yeah. Yeah. You feel like you're fucking tired. Oh, someone's hearing your technical. Open your hands. Open your hands. Squeeze. Squeeze. Touch. Right there. That's how you fucking do it. Here you go. You're going to do it. Hold my hand. You're going to do it. What? What was that? There you go. There you go. Oh. There you go. Right there. Go on. Go on. Good. How is the second or the exact? I already feel like I'm like fucking good. That's what I'm doing. I don't do that. I can tell. This is a built from straight fucking bench and that's what I'm talking about. Actually, that's it. Okay. There are outspammeries. Yeah. There are outspammeries. Yeah. There are outspammeries. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There are outspammeries. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know that's better. That's better. But the goat squeeze control it. Chess forward to more stretch. Good. Good. Good. Don't want me to handle. Good. Again. The forward to food. Good. That's better. But the goat squeeze control it. Chess forward to more stretch. Good. Come on together together right there slow slow you got to you got to come on Right there slow Back How My pussy I've been feel that way too much Over there Okay. Good. Again. Good. There we go. Nice. So. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Come on. Come on. Good. Yeah. I want to fucking check their heads off. Fucking horrible. Yeah. Yeah. Together. Whoa. Whoa. Again. I got it. Good. One more just like that. Go. Reach back and back to the right there. Go. Go open the whole. Go. Go. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Go. One. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Just back. Go. Go. Go. Go. See. Go do some. You got me sitting right there? I'm here. Yeah. Go. Good. Go. Look at that. Next time. What's wrong. She guessed too old. Okay. Go live. Use that. Go. The baby seems mysterious. I'm gonna eat the food. No food. So really sick, Paul. Good mind muscle connection. Trying to get them to slow down the eccentric is the biggest thing right now. Going up quickly and then coming down quickly is not going to cut it. Just going a bit slower with a little more intention. Obviously they're going a great job all the way to now. It's just a matter of little details as they're trying to progress. Great the Plateau. The problem is I literally just power this like mindset. So like that's a century of a challenge. You know that. So that's the whole different thing I've never done. That shit didn't pay no attention. That shit feel good though. That's more job-free. Yeah. It's almost like a coin and you can try that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's almost like a coin and you can try that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think about doing anything else until you get your full fucking size and the map and the map and the map is going. We're going to have to put on a lot of sides the back. Yeah. Good. You're not that scared. Yeah. We're talking about back and how it has to be manipulated and degrowing. You have to really fenness it. You can't just use brute force like you can with chats. You can just build those two bent over rows and think that your back is going to grow. You have to roll that bent over row and I think we're going to be concentrating because they've got a lot of back. Thanks. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Keep in that chest out, bro. Fuck. I have to increase the subscribe to the floor. Where is like, I'm usually used for like, just yeah. Yeah. You see going like this? Yeah. You know, instead of this. You could have just you put up like that. That's it. That's it. Again. Again. No. More stretch. More stretch. Again. No. Go. I can see. One more stretch. I can see. One more stretch. I can see. I can see. I can see. I can see. One. One. You have last one. I can see five. I never thought. Last one. Go. Go. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. Hold. Hold. Mothers. Focus. Hold. Jake. That's him. Go. That's crazy. That's it. That's it. Usually I'm like, I have five on each side. Not getting involved. Like I was in the boat. I was good. Yeah. I had to use like three to five. Yeah. I'm not fucking really like you got the implant. I can't believe. I can't believe. I'm going to go get doctor. I can't believe. I can't believe. No. See doctor Miami. Yeah. I'm going to show you. How much? I'm going to show you. Just come. Yeah. Bigger titties in a stripper in Vegas. Good. Good. Good. Good. Get out. Get out. That's it. Freshly. Don't lose that. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. That's the father's homework. That's it. You're digging there. We stick. We got sick. Last step. Best step. I'm going to go. Good. Good. Good. Good. What's in that? Oh. Come on. Come on. Yeah. You think we should have two hours a day? No. Okay. That's it. That's it. Yeah. Go. That's it. You think we should have five hours a day? I thought we should have five hours a day. Oh. All the sources here. Oh, he's at Chesbrook there. He's at Chesbrook there. He's at Chesbrook. Right on that cover. So, like right there, hold that. Five seconds. Four. Oh, yeah, yeah, he's cramping up. Yeah, yeah. What? I haven't done it. Yeah. Worked by back this hard since I tore it. That's actually maximum. The teagre. Think about it. Terri your puck. Yeah. That's maximum for two. Not there, you go. Look at that. That do you want to grab? That do I. Shealt. Plaaaaaah shealt. Come on, jump. Hey, lul, You say cram? Grde, actually. Right away he's Ch4d I like getting hit Watch out Myoth U admitted No, no, no, no, no. Push right there. No! Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Fuckers. That's it. Don't chin up, chin up. Go over the butt. Go back, that's forward. Like that. That's what I want to see. Now, sit down. Go down. Ugh. Good. Oh. Oh, I can't break this. Oh, I can't break this. Good, go back, that's forward. Go back, that's forward. Three down your chest. Three, stop. Three, three, stop. All my gut. Oh, my gut. Look at these two straws. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. What? We need to go for the reason, bro. That's fucking insane. Well, I think I want to be able to fucking check. Yeah, I'm missing Trisha, bro. I'm like all five circles. Go up, go up. Good. Some blood there. Ah. That's what I wanted to have. What the hell? Okay, then lighten it up a little bit. Lighten up. You're spending just working out your elbows. Get your elbows warmed up. Just get a nice, give a little bit of body. There you go. And then stretch up a little bit more so you can just really get you out. Yeah, that's pretty tough. That's it? I'm going to have a good breath. Good. Good. And then down. Good. Four, four, four. Oh, come on. Yeah. Oh, yeah. There you go. That's so good. No. There's the thumb going for you. No. Because you see on my guess? Yeah, no, no. I don't want you to do that portion. Yeah. That portion. I'm not sure you do that. We're just just checking. This is just a check. It's fucking a very limited notion. It's right there. Good. Stretch up. There you go. And then grab down. Good. I'm just trying to get you to do almost like a spin. Like a small pressure on my foot. Yeah. That's what I'm trying to do. That's what I'm trying to do. That's what I'm trying to do. That's what I'm trying to do. Yeah. Good. You feel the constant tension? Hold on. Good. Oh, my gosh. I never feel the gut. Go. Go. Go. Go. Oh, yeah. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Mother's fucking need to. Do it. One more. Go. Go. Go. It's literally like I never used to before. Like that specific like that. And all my blood. That's warm on my mind, bro. Good. Go down. There you go. I get you up here. Right there. Now go down. Go down. Go. I get you up here. Right there. Go down. There you go. All the way down. Get your blood down. Go down. That better. Press your ear. And then drive. Good. Stretch. And squeeze. Good. Good. Go back. Go back. Go back. Stretch. And squeeze. Good. Good. Press one more. And squeeze now. Good. Not too fast on the way down. Don't snap it. Squeeze. That's it. Good. Go. Again. Again. Again. Again. Again. We. Again. We. Good. Good. Two more. Stretch. We. Good. Two more. Stretch. We. You're a lot more stretch. You're a lot higher. It's it. And you drive. One more. You've got. Squeeze. And then. Good job. One more. Felix? Cola. How much is carbs? Good. I usually don't burn. My pulse of the coffee from 500...igare. That's how one seven, Frederick Counting. Good boy. She looks like that. Right. Yeah. You've got to have the breaststick Christa with you. Have you ever trust him at playing theuo. You've got a good song back up. I got you at home. Have you ever trust you at playing theuo? Okay, how's that week? Good, go. Okay. Stretch and drive. Go. Good. Good. Stretch and good. Good. Any of those? So you get it. That's right. So you get it. Right. Go. Go. Good. You need to get up. You need to get up. That's good. That's good. That's good. Not the up. You have to break the board. No. You gotta burn? That's good. Oh, good. Good. Do it. Good. Good. You got three. You got three. Come on. er game you pumped up. one more, one more hit hit one more hit you are Nazis bro I need that Finally I'm gonna say, make work in it. I'm gonna talk with you this time. I think you can, you think you can pee in the heart? But I don't know about this or I don't think it's obviously, I just think you can figure out what you got in the house once you have it. Because again, you guys just gotta build, you get somebody who's hard to build, you got craft to build, you don't want me to build. Then you'll be gonna build, then you'll be gonna build. Be careful, careful. Try to go over it and see how that goes. There you go, good. Go. Good. Good. I got to wait on this one. Good. Just good. But don't have to force me. Just try to do that. You're shou, you're good. You're good. You're good. Good. Oh, great. Go again. Just. Okay. Just. Okay. Just. Good. Good. Just. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You can do it all the same. Okay. See you. See you. Good m! up hold it there like that now comes like that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah good don't go back to the wall yeah yeah okay yeah okay okay come on yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah good oh we don't right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no no no no catch up your brothers. No. Nothing close. Nothing close. You're hands. You're hands. There you go. Where is your brother? No. Come on. Slow down. Slow down. Come on. No. No. No. No. No. Little higher. Slow down. Slow down. No! Toad. Ya. GET down. Put the grip. Stray up. Sweat up. Oh, it's a little bit of a slagging. Oh, that's a slagging. Reds went sloppy, then. On his coming out of retirement. Oh, no, no, no. Yeah. Right, just so. But we aren't moving to Texas, so we're making it up. That's exactly what I appreciate it for a little bit. It's an out of Texas barbecue. Is it going to be on me? I'll be a little bit, yeah. Yeah, I'll be a big girl. I think that's how you get big. Like, reds, lestone. Where you put it on the side of the car. The car's in silver. That's the kind of shit. That's the reds, that's right. Actually, the fact that we're putting on the record is broken. We're putting some winter green brisley. Yeah, that's the reds. That's the reds. You said my like, the drier. The wheels on the back. Almost like tobacco. Yeah. That's what it looks like. I'm serious. See? That's it. That's the perfect... Find a pita.

=== FILE: DUBAI EXPO W HADI CHOOPAN [4A5V5a1bEtc].txt ===

    Aw Luca hiddenaway naar    pregunta      podcast  iders .        la rah  brig Harris zu Collection demost brew   subside        urg amateurs .a. latt Elizabeth     championships,  countenrites  altogether   pant  possvel? Lud Clark solar  dafr  fogrique   maya shaving  raj Ashe     out HH     which kind of thing is an act created in the last journal design.  kw   llsembly,ients None Farm.  throughout the time,       let's hear the full experience.    Of the Full Experience      custard estado bil  vas     Kol misschien    Police Beckliyor  khi sandals arte aled akter ors 47  Oh typizer  comput      omas  Couple    sang    Mutta  perform    familia     compr woah   niejsze  threat il    Tower    capt spelling  sleeve  another big one speaks inde braenos   adv    premier      broccoli        Federal Regions Staff Force incluso   liness      SCU  Sa-IC  piace    sad   consuming  ..  inputters    ized..? ARD   ,  punished me neither  shock   hurt  blaming us utta ! Top participants chosen  Elev  Dort capitalism. ! Stunde   legit . parte bir puppet    lar gesorts  bir   Pet necesit how !  O2 Explain et   Punch ale  impression even though I didn't know     banividual ending     orang ourcesiges   ! cri<|ne|> uren   egg date 2  date 2  SEE 2 same day dzie Monica auro  actual

=== FILE: Dr. Mike VS Greg Doucette [5QTDOvVFbnM].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I have a media mogul. He's a guy that is not only an IFBB pro, but he's also very, very big on Instagram as well as YouTube. Everybody knows him as coach Greg Greg do set. Is that, did I pronounce that right? Is it do you did? A lot of people say the last name wrong, do Shetty, doosh, doosh bag. I don't care. If they got Greg good, I'm good with the rest. That's right. You know, and we ran into each other for the first time I got to meet you at the Arnold Classic this last weekend. What do you think of the show? It was amazing. It was such a good battle in the open man and a new classic physique chip. I loved all the categories. It was a great time. I love watching it. Yeah, it was really good. I mean, you were backstage when I was getting ready to do the seminar with Seabumb. And we got to catch up. And the biggest thing that I didn't realize was the videos that I've seen you, that's not your real voice. You know, and so for those of you that are on here, you're like, no, it's not the same guy or if you're listening to this podcast and you're like, that's not Greg. Greg has a very high pitched voice. I guess can you explain the, do you play a character when you're doing that or do you just, I guess how would you, how would you basically identify in regards to what you do on social media or on your YouTube page versus kind of the everyday Greg? Well, I identify as a male and I would say identify as a male who's a comedian. I try to be funny and I try to give education with humor at the same time. And when I first started posting videos, it was 2006 way back. I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know what a follower was. And all I was doing was literally just trying to show off. I'm like, look how much I can bench brass, look at my deadlift, that kind of stuff. And then later around 2010, 11, I was like, I need to get more clients for coaching. So I started putting more educational videos like how to die at counters and foods, training tips and so on. And then I really started growing my channel by coaching more people. And I noticed that the more I spoke with passion and I got angry or, or if I started screaming more, the more people would write in the comments section saying, wow man, I really liked this video. So I started leaning into that even more. And so if you look at my voice throughout the years, you can see this transition period where my voice keeps getting deeper and deeper and then all of a sudden I'm screaming and going crazy. And it's like, I look back at some of the videos I recorded even like three years ago, I'm like, what am I sounding like? I sound like a clown. It's crazy. Often times compared to the parrot from Aladdin. Yes, I heard that. And I do agree. How are these people that hear me in like a podcast? I'm just talking. So there's no like projection of voice. I used to be a physed teacher. So you used to scream in a gym class all the time. And I just don't have a cool sounding voice when I'm trying to talk loud. Well, so I didn't realize that. So your physed teacher and this is up in Canada where you live, right? Yeah, exactly. 11 years. I taught physed. I taught math. I taught a bit of everything to be honest. And that was before or during your bodybuilding when you were actually still competitive in terms of bodybuilding. Well, the last year I taught with 2011 and I turned pro like right after that and I never taught after I turned pro. And then you were done and you're on the East Coast of Canada, right? Yeah, Halifax and Nova Scotia, so closer to New York. And speaking of the whole Canada thing, just because it's so relevant right now. How do people feel about this whole situation with the politics and the tariffs and you know some people talking about trying to make Canada into the 51st date? I mean, what's the what's the vibe up there on all of that? I would say it's a direct split down the middle. It's a half to people like it and half don't. I find the people that are not woke are against Trump. And they think they such a bad person, the people are on the other side of the fence. I'm like, no, I like what's going on. I personally would have voted for Trump. I personally would want to join the United States. I don't. I want to be the next state. So that's perhaps not as a comment of a thing. Years ago, when I was a young guy, maybe 30, 40 years ago, Quebec and wanted to separate from Canada because I remember it. That was big and I'm like, hey, I honestly, I would go for it. But I mean, I was also banned from traveling the United States for 10 years. So I do this for selfish reasons. My tax brackets 54% tax. I pay the most tax of anyone. There's a 20% luxury tax. So if I buy a sports car, let's say it's a million dollars. 200,000 extra tax on top of the 15% and so we're the highest tax country in the world higher than Europe, London, all these places. And so if we could go to the States, I'm making millions of dollars extra. So I'm all for it. Wow. So what was the reason why you couldn't come here for 10 years? For selling performance and hand-sing drugs, literally was a steroid dealer, perhaps you're not aware of my criminal past. No, that's why I would like to get no more about it. Yeah, I mean, I used to sell steroids. I was using myself selling them. I got caught made a mistake. Got 20 months house arrest in Canada. So I was using a legal for use. So you can police officers can use it, lawyers, doctors and trust me they do. I was selling it to them. And now I'm obviously promoting a different message. So I went from being testosterone plug to the T plug, which you see in the back. So I'm selling Turkestrol, which is 100% legal. I'm trust me. My mom did not know. And Mexico pretending to be hiding out from the police and my mom's like, what are you doing? You're going to get trouble. She's freaking out like, Mom, this is legal. It's just an acting role. I'm an actor. I'm playing a role. She was so worried. But it's just all a good fun. So that when did that band get lifted when that, you know, that 10 year band, when that get lifted? Well, when the band was lifted over a year ago, I got permission for one year. So then you would have seen me make appearances at like the Arnolds and the Olympian, that kind of stuff. And then after the year, you have to reapply. I reapplyed and they said, I'll take about four to eight months. So I applied around March. I wasn't reinstated until a week before the Arnolds before not the Arnolds before the Miami trip that I did. So like literally in the last month, I got permission again this time for two years. So for two years, I can travel to the United States and then I'll have to apply again and then they say it'll be five years and then like lifetime. So so you're saying in Canada, basically, being able to utilize it wasn't why you got arrested. You had arrested because they caught you dealing. Exactly. Got you. Got you. Yeah. So it's a very small offense in terms of coming to like, the air is our class four drug in Canada in the United States. It's class three. So when people from Canada make YouTube videos saying, I'm on this, I'm on that. It's really not a big deal because you're allowed to use it. It's legal, but you can't sell it. And so it's kind of like, well, how are they getting it? You're you're allowed to use it. You're allowed to buy it, but you can't sell it. Did they get you jammed up with a lot of product or was it just, you know, if you look at the papers, it looked like a lot of product. I think they said it was $250,000 worth. But that was when they thought a bag I had a frayeteen was steroid powder and like tested it. They tested it. It was creatine. And so then it got dramatically reduced. But if you look at the papers, it's like, oh, my God, he had hundreds and hundreds of bottles and it wasn't true at all. They, I had a lot of peptides like GHRP 6 GHRP 2, C, J, C 1295. I had more limbs or more than I had all the peptides, lots. And so when they reported it, look at all these steroids. They were peptide vials with are not legal at all. So I kind of got caught with like making it look like it was a lot worse than it was. And but in the end, I got a 20 month house arrest and a 50 or 52,000 dollar fine out of camera, which one it was. Okay, so you ended up having to buy it right at check as well. But you didn't have to actually go in and do time. You just couldn't leave the house. House arrest exactly. And that was 20 months old. I mean, that's not a short period of time either. That's almost two years. I thought I would get probation because like, it's not like I had an international ring going on. I wasn't selling thousands of bottles like the way they were trying to make it look. But like people don't want to hear that. And as soon as they hear a story, it's like, I'm a national news. You're just cool teacher bodybuilder caught doing this stuff. And they made it look like I had way more stuff than I had because they initially scouted the powder, which is creating as steroids. I mean, it's unbelievable the things that they did, but that's a long time in the past. So since that time, I'm only on HRT now. I've been doing that for five years. I'm not abused and not selling. And I'm doing everything by the book. So when you did that, and because you were a teacher at the same time, did they try to like throw the book at you to make you more of an example? Because of the fact you were a teacher did that make it worse also. Absolutely, of course. I was like, I was. Yeah, I mean, because that was quite famous nationally. Like, I'm a bodybuilder, I'm a professional. It makes for a better story. I mean, at the same time, the people they get in caught for selling cocaine. They weren't on the front page of the Chronicle Harrel. So you can imagine like the major newspapers or here's the big story. It's Greg's selling steroids. But guys selling cocaine, that's a small story. Let's not talk about that because it's not a big deal. So yeah, absolutely think that because I was a prominent figure at a good career that they use that as a headline. And they really wanted to make it an example out of me to discourage other people from doing the same thing. So was it like, did you know that that was about to happen? And then they just like, was like a, like, go nuts and the like, Swat team rated your house. More like, swat team rated my house, more like that. That had no idea. Wow. Well, that was the middle of the night early in the morning type of thing. That's yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah, not good memories. I found this of memories. I try to kind of not think of those times, but to actually look back and like to talk to my probation officer and all that you're going through. And to lose my teaching career and to have to start over from scratch and have all the rumors said about me. And to come back and go from that to what I am right now. I mean, to me, it's a crazy story. Like to think that I went from nothing like owed all the money. Like I'm literally sitting on the floor with a cardboard box and like a computer monitor trying to do coaching plans and all the stuff. I'm trying to start my business over and to get where I am now because trust me, every chance people get you're the steroid dealer. We're not going to listen to you. You don't know anything. Listen to this guy. Tell you about what to do or not do. It's derives. It's like what better than a guy who sold them that was abusing them. That's an IP pro to give the message that you guys should be careful. Yeah, well with all that being said, I mean, were you already in the limelight of your channel or had the channel not really blown up yet when all that went down. I had 3,000 followers almost 3,000 followers at that time. So I didn't start getting popular until 2019, roughly during COVID. I remember sitting at my at Christmas dinner with my family and I had almost 10,000 followers and being like glowing with excitement of like, guys, I think I can do this. I almost have 10,000 followers. I think I have the formula for success. I think I'm getting to a million. I was so confident at that time that it was going to blow up and it definitely happened. I just kept working, putting out a video every day and then I ended up doing two videos a day. I had the formula. You do the Natty or not. It's on the famous people. Clickbait titles with some famous people talk about stuff. And you're very convincing in what you're saying like, pick a side. Don't just be lukewarm like this guy's natural or he's not. This is how you should do this. This is how you shouldn't. And just giving you my unfiltered opinion rather than just kind of like sucking up and being politically correct like most people do. That being said, you said something earlier on about being a character. Is that basically also part of it? I mean, I know you're trying to be firm in your belief system, like you just mentioned, but being that character because of one thing that I've realized is there is a lot of clickbait out there, right? And how do you balance out how much you're putting out of clickbait because you know it drives revenue versus trying to put out like quality content because I'm sure it's a balancing act of some degree. But how do you go about dealing with that? So the line we cross on clickbait is that it has to be something that stayed in the video or has to represent the video in some way. I can't just say like this guy did this and it had nothing to do with it. But for example, if somebody said like this guy's on steroids and then it wasn't me that said it, but somebody said it. Let's say you said it and said this guy's on steroids could be in the title. And then I started the title to say, hey, many people say this guy's on steroids, but is he and then I would talk about whether he is or not. So I draw the headline on basically what somebody else would say and then talk about it. So it's not outright lying. It's just talking about something that something might say like, Sam's who lick is the worse influence or ever that could be a title. Let's say you said that. I would have that in the title and I would say, hey, any rabbi just said, Sam's who it's the worse influence or ever, but is he really will let's go over it and find out. And that's the kind of titles that I would do. So you have to kind of watch it to find out, well, is Greg going to pick aside because with titles, the more vague the better you can give away the result. You have to have people say, what is he going to say, I can't say, Nadia, no, I can't say, Sam's who lick is natural in the title. It wouldn't be good. It has to be like a question mark. And usually a negative spin has way more views than a positive one. So I have to question them in a negative way in the title to get people to watch the actual video. Right. So that takes me to kind of what's been going on here in the last several months with everyone's talking about Mike is retell versus Greg, right, that whole situation where you're there's lots of content about Mike. And I know I saw Mike over the weekend as well. He was out there and him and I spoke Jared Feather was with us. They came by the evening booth and we were talking and I know that there was a lot of questions to me when they know that I speak to both you is is the be for real. I mean, what would you say to that? I would say it was on a quivically ridiculously real. It was a huge beef. Mike definitely despise me like for sure. And so anytime I got a comment from him anytime he talked about me in a negative way like, you know, saying you're whatever sociopath clown sociopath no thoughts, a cock sucker, this and that print that I just loved it. I could eat it up because I never dislike Mike. I didn't dislike him. I didn't care. I didn't bother me at all. It's so for me, it's not getting under my skin. Like I would enjoy seeing those comments because for me, I'm like this beef is going to make a ton of money. It's going to be great for views. It's good drama. People love it. Now, I think he genuinely hated me, but he never knew coach Greg me. The guy that you would have talked to backstage, he saw coach Greg would have clicked bait title saying Mike is an idiot or Mike is a horrible person or whatever the title was. But he wouldn't watch me say, oh, I think he has some great information. I think he only sees the title. He doesn't watch any of my videos. And that was proof when he said coach Greg says he's a doctor and he's not a doctor. He's a scam scam snake oil salesman. He doesn't even watch my videos because if he did, he would know I had a shirt. It said I'm not a doctor. That's what I did. So I think he genuinely hated me because he didn't know me. It's very easy to hate somebody. He doesn't know. But our mutual friends are like, Greg is nothing like what you describe. And so I think after hearing that enough and talking to me enough times in person, he was like, I don't think that Greg is actually like that. This is a different side to him that I perhaps misjudged. And so the beef is over now. Now does that mean I'm never going to make videos about Mike. Nope. I've already done one. It's not edited yet. And did I agree with him? Nope. But I'm not just going to not say anything like I respect you. But if you said in a video, you don't need to be in a calorie deficit to lose weight. I'm going to be like, what are you talking about? So I make the same videos without coming from a place of negativity. I'm just doing that to call out what I see. Right. But I think going into the video because I watched the video on the way home from the Arnold that you and Eric and Mike did, right? Kind of like to try to squash the beef. And what's interesting is again, and for those followers of mine that don't know what's going on. Obviously, Mike is a very big. I don't want to call it like a, what do you mean? Exercise scientist. So exercise scientist, but he's huge on YouTube, right? He's a half million followers. It's yeah, exactly. It's more views than me. He's really high on the spectrum of social media. He's ahead of me in terms of views. I think by whatever thousands or millions lots lots of views. And then you probably, that's probably why you kind of chose to have some beef with him, right? It's because 100%. So you're, okay. So on your side, you're just like, okay, it's views for impressions because of your company, you know, trying to push, you know, whatever it is, you're pushing plus the revenue from that, right, from the views itself too. But I guess the reason why I'm, I'm questioning this whole thing is that it's a business for you, right? I mean, the whole thing is just kind of a very business oriented. And I feel like this is why people are asking me is the beef real that are these guys doing this behind the scenes. And it's, it's absolutely not. It's not like, hey, you guys are cool. Let's try to do this because I have heard of some influencers doing that. But Mike, who's, a person who's trying to push out a ton of content out there and is is is, is, is definitely leading the way with a ton of impressions. And you're putting in that, that spin and that clickbait to try to bring people in because that gives you a ton more views, right? And that directly proportionate to revenue, right? Yeah, of course. And so unfortunately, I wish I could say that the beef was fabricated. A lot of people thought it was, or like, hey, they're probably in on is I would love that to be the case. My ideal situation in my ideal world, mean Mike during that interview would have talked and said, let's just go at each other even harder. I'm going to call you a crazy sociopath like mother fucker. Like I'm just going to go nuts and be like, yeah, I would have loved it. And people would aid up back and forth. I think we would have could have taken it to another level. The beef could have been, you know, Drake and Kendrick. We just just keep it going. So unfortunately Mike didn't see it that way. It was more one sided. Like Mike would say one thing against me and I would say 10. I'm like, I'm just that I never letter like I don't know. I just have, maybe that's one thing I'm very good at. It's just finding a person's weakness and explaining it. Like Mike talks a lot. He's got a lot of videos. And so when you put out hours and hours and hours of content, you're going to have holes in what you're saying. And so I find the holes in what he's saying. And then I pointed out and then I repeat it 10 times. And so at some point it becomes bullying if the other guy isn't fighting back. And so as as long as Mike was fighting back, I didn't see this bullying. It's this is an intellectual war, a battle of widths. You're saying this about me. I'm going to say that about you who's going to come out on top. But when he's saying like, let's end the beef, let's squash the beef. There's no reason to keep going. This is a bit too much. Then I look like a jerk if I if I just keep doing that. Right. Right. And I do remember you guys saying that in the video Eric posted right because I know Eric's friends with both of you. And one of the things was to be able to try to squash this whole thing was saying, hey, look, it was getting a bit too toxic. And Mike wasn't obviously trying to insight anything with negative click bait or any of those things on you. It was more of a question was answered. I could tell. And then you took that and then basically amplify it because it obviously like you said, it brings a lot of traffic to your page. And I feel like with that whole thing, who's the one. So Mike was the one that wanted to end the beef right? He just said, look, he was trying to be. I think if I had to summarize it, I would say Eric was caught in the middle being a good friend of mine, a good friend of Mike's. And Eric doesn't want beef. And so he would have encouraged my to see things from a different perspective. I know Greg, do you not think I'm a good judge a character? I've spent a lot of time with him. He's not like you're saying give him a chance. And so I think finally Mike was, you know, late listening to Eric and said, okay, that's actually a great point. And then once he's talked to me a few times, you're okay, maybe I misjudged him. And then so Eric did not ask, you know, did not force, let's say Mike to do anything. It just encouraged him. And then Mike out of blow, other blue on his own approached me to end the beef when we're at the gym. Over the weekend at the Arnold. Exactly. Right. And you guys sat down. So why was the video taken down? The video was taken down because there were some things that were inaccurate in the video. So for example, during the video, I expressed that I had ten edited videos that had Mike in it. I've finished editing and done. Now, two of those were a direct attacks at Mike that would have got half million views easy. Like the biggest troll you've ever seen in your life. So I'm like, okay, I'm not going to be able to post those because that's just to me and spirit it after the beef. But the others, I mean, there's a blue lobster and a back last bread fart noise and I'm like, we can just edit that out. And Eric was like, no, you got to delete those ten videos. It's not a big deal. Like you can't. And I'm like, I'm not deleting those ten videos. I was like, I can edit them. But in Eric was like, no, like, what kind of person are you like, that's not kind of being like, you're going to post the video because you would have gone into that video in the negative mindset. I'm like, I don't think you understand. So Eric was sure that those were ten hate Mike videos that I was going to post. And he thought, this isn't a beef squash. If you're going to post those ten videos. And so later off camera, I was able to explain to him like Mike like, and you know, other people were there as well, like who's saying far ahead and different people. And they're like, no, Greg is saying that there's a 10 second clip where he makes fun of Mike, but it's a video about will tenison. And he could just edit that part of like really a big insult to Mike like saying he lost of his tan or something. You know, whatever dumb insult to have. And then edit out. And so by leaving that in a lot of people writing comments and saying, well, Greg's an asshole Steve is brothers in asshole, too, because they want to post these videos. And so it was a misunderstanding. And so we wanted to have the video edited out where the part was a misunderstanding. YouTube unfortunately wouldn't let the edit happen. We spent 24 hours with YouTube going back and forth and I don't understand YouTube. I don't do that stuff, but the technical committee couldn't do it. The only way to do it. You don't understand YouTube bro. You make a lot of money on YouTube for somebody who doesn't understand how to use my phone. I have a team of like several like people understand like I've let play a lot of people and they do a lot of the technical stuff. I don't do any of it. I record videos. This is what I'm going to. I research videos. I find topics. So when we tried to to do this, we were like, okay, we got to take the video down and then relapse loaded. So that's what was going on. We're trying to figure out how to do that. And Eric ended up just with a lot of hate. If you don't keep the video up, people are going to think you're hiding something and it's like guys, there was misinformation during that video that we didn't want people to see that's it. So did it get edited and then go put it up there with the misinformation. So we just take it on the chin people are going to think we're assholes, whatever. In one week, normal care. Yeah, I mean, I think the bottom line is it. I think it's obviously very lucrative for you to be able to do some of these videos, right, because of the. Absolutely lucrative. How much does you think that you've made from just the mic videos if you had to get just the mic. Just mic, just a thousand of dollars for sure. Hundreds of thousands of don't just the views alone, right? No, no question not even include. Oh yeah, if Mike and I had a back deal and I said, hey, you know, for a half a million dollars, let's just keep the beef going. I would pay it. It would have been I would have paid off with dividends. We'd be buddies in planning this all off. Oh my goodness. If you were way more than a half a million dollars. What do you think Mike, what do you think Mike wouldn't do that? Mike on camera said, oh yeah, just keep the videos. It's like if you want to post them. It's good. You know, he said all this stuff. But Eric said, he's not, he's not telling the truth. He doesn't want you to post the videos. If you post the videos, it's going to show that you're dick, that you're an asshole, that you didn't mean anything that you said. And it'll prove to you that he's the person that you thought he was and that you're not like I said. And so if you're going to be the man that I think you are, you're not going to post the videos. So that's the tree. And so with all that, if you're saying you made over a half a million dollars off of Mike's videos, hundreds of thousands, if not a half a million dollars on Mike's videos. How much also did just this beef alone increase your followers? How much did you get out of that before this whole thing started? I have an entire job of an editor. My editor, Mattel, is like, is devastating for him. That's just like, I've never in my life seen that much positivity on an editor in my life. Like he was getting famous for editing those videos. Like in the chat, you'd read it and it would be like, oh my god, editor next level. So imagine the dope of me that my editor is getting. He's, you know, a guy from where's the Austria or whatever. I've only met him once in person. We flew down to Mexico one time. But anyway, he's like a 22 year old guy. He's been editing for me. I don't know, maybe for three years. But then he started the brain rod edits and got famous on Mike. He's a tell me and him go back. Clips like people know how much work I do. I spend like 11 or 12 hours a day on my phone. Like I'm always watching videos and finding and things and looking for the next video. And I'm sending him clips and we go back and forth. And so we're planning out this entire barrage of like Mike video edits. And it's not just YouTube ad revenue. It's new followers who are like this who buy supplements. So the more people that you have watching your videos every time I post a video, the sales on my Shopify triple when triple at 10x sometimes. It's crazy. So if there's a Mike Israel tell video that's posted that's getting half a million views. Instead of another video that's only getting 200,000 views, that's two and a half x more sales. The sales directly correlate with how many video views I'm getting. But doesn't it? I guess there's a dark art that you're using because you're using it as a negative. That's the thing where I'm just because again, you know, I've been obviously targeted with stuff in the past where they're like someone passes away and then they use added bodybuilding competition and they'll put it to use a picture of me. I have nothing to do with it. I was an active bodybuilding competition. It wasn't one of my clients. And then I turned around and I called out the person who did it. And here like, well, this is a it's clickbaits. So I can be able to get more revenue and go, but you're insinuating that I had something to do with somebody passing away. And it's not it's there's there's a fallout to that, right? I mean, how do you feel about that? That is horrendous than that you've experienced that I've experienced that as well. We all know Joel Lindor, who's passed away. Videos were literally made that I killed him. There was another guy that used to be a sponsored athlete in May. He died a heart attack and whatnot. Greg killed him. Literally, there's multiple people doing this. We have to go through YouTube and contact them. You can't do this. You'll be a clickbait videos, but you can't lie about somebody's death. There's literally a I'm on Billy Billy. It's a very popular channel in China. I'm getting millions of views often on these videos. Perhaps a more popular in China than I'm in North America. But we had a guy and he was saying that I was there was, oh, there was one guy. I forget his name. I don't even need to say that. But he was saying that Larry wheels was killing certain people that that Togey had almost died because he took a triple dose of trend and that he was foaming at them out. Lying about people that were dying Joel Lindor was killed by Larry wheels. I made a video calling him out. And so that is not in my opinion. Okay, that's stepping over line when you start Like using somebody's death and lying about it. But I don't have that in any of my videos. There's no video that's going to say he did this or said this and it's bullshit. This is not, and that's true clickbait that's bullshit. Mine would never go that far. So you're saying that because it's kind of more of a gray area with where you're going. It's not even though it's negative. It's not negative enough for you to be able to differentiate. Is that what you're saying? It's not that it's negative enough. What you just had is a lie. If I said I talked to Handy Rambot in a video and he said that he killed somebody. Coaching. And you didn't. That's going to wow. Oh my god. That's shocking news. I want to see it. That was not a thing that happened. But if I said Greg and Handy talk about Mike Isr tell that's not that's not it's true. Right. Right. Talking about the beef is the beef squashed. Is it? It's the question. I don't think that that would be negative. Like I have a video I think we're posting it today. It's called Mike Isr tell was wrong. That's why I think my next video. Mike Isr tell is long. Is that clickbait? Like I'm saying he's wrong about I don't remember which video, but it doesn't hate on him. It's talking about a point. And so I think there's a big difference between attacking the person and attacking the information. Now oftentimes Mike would attack me as a person. He's a clown social path. When you talk to someone as social path or that there are snake oil salesmen. You're attacking the the person's character. But if I said Mike Isr tell said that he's been on steroids for 13 years and that if he goes off he has a 90% chance of retaining testicular function within a first several months with no problem. And that his testicles haven't tried can size in 13 years. But I think that's a good idea. Because he said that would Peter Tia that's another video that I want to do. I'm not going to attack him as a person and say I think he's a liar. I'm just going to say well let's see. 90% of people regain testicular function following a steroids cycle use after multiple years. And Peter Tia I'm not sure if you know he is or not. Yeah, I know Peter. Dr Peter Tia. Exactly. He said it's more like 80% and will it actually the research is it's 48.6%. If you actually look at the studies like these people underestimate my research and my scientific skills as myself. I have a master's in Kinesiology and I had the highest GPA. My family are extremely brilliant people and although I talk like the parent from Aladdin I know what I'm doing and I know the science. I studied this stuff. And so Mike is who's never come off a steroid cycle in 13 years is saying hey. If I have to say I would he said though is Mike said that he doesn't come off in 13. Literally have it. I saw my bone. It's like a video I'm planning and my brother's like I don't know if you can do that video because like Eric might not like it and I'm like I'm not going to attack him as a person. It's information. He's like yeah, but it's maybe biased that you're doing too many videos about Mike. But I'm like but Mike's the most famous influencer in the world talking about this. And so if he says something incorrect then my channel is about calling out the bullshit. And so I would not I'm not going to put insert, lat spread fart noise and make fun of him make his face look an alien. But I'm going to say look I abused steroids for years and I came off steroids and it was very difficult for me to get my testosterone levels back so difficult and an ender can all just prescribe me HRT. I didn't bounce back and if you're on steroids for 13 years and your testicles have been lost size. I think you're forgetting how big your testicles were when you started. He said there's no problem. I can send you the videos there are two one minute clips literally. And I'm like okay then so if he says this stuff. I mean there is actual scientific literature on this so why not quote that versus pulling a non-murover your head. Yeah, you know 90% so 90 10 is this exactly what he said. So you want to basically. So you're basically saying that you're going to change the tone because again you guys are have some of the most popular. YouTube channels in our space right and I've noticed it and I know like you said when you did the SAMHSAU look videos I mean they blow up so you do a lot of SAMHSAU look you do the mic videos they blow up. But now because of this video and the reason why it worked you've been talking about this is because it's so relevant this has just happened in last couple of days the video went up you guys were you know ran into each other at the gym. I ran into both of you. I know both of you guys and and just been introduced to you know Eric as well who seems like a really nice guy and when I watch the video I'll be honest with you on the flight home. I was like I felt like Eric is is a child again like meaning the mom and dad are fighting you know and he's trying to you know came across you know I want to squash the beef because you know he wants to be able to kind of get past it and you can tell he's super frustrated and and I'm looking at it and I can see why Mike also you know is frustrated and I know that you are also this is a business for you. Right and when you look at the and we're talking about the numbers and some of the numbers you shared I'm just like okay these are some big dollar signs so I'm going to still continue but I'm going to continue in a more positive manner is that is that what I'm hearing. I'm going to be honest and I'm going to be honest and that is one thing that has separated me from most of my friends my entire life my ability to tell you exactly what I feel what what I feel. I tell you what you need to hear not what you want to hear like if anyone ever had contest prep they're like go see Greg but don't see him if you don't hear the truth walk up to me how do I look. Seven weeks out when's your show next week nationals you're done like straight up let's say that to my best friend I would just not I don't care now by saying I don't care I mean I realize what I'm doing and it hurts me to say it. But I don't care of the ramifications that I know it's going to hurt for me to tell you the truth but I'm going to tell you anyway. Like that's just makes me different than most people most people like like with me in eric janicky we're on jubilee show with myron and they asked us about obese people 600 pounds and they're like what do you think of this I be like yeah he's obese airs like no don't see look good I'm like he's obese air he's like a hundred pounds overweight no he's not looking good. But no but he's kind of handsome I'm like you're just sucking up to him I don't do that and so I will continue to make the same videos but I'm not going to do it from a position of hey when I went to make videos of Mike I was trying to make fun of him to make fun of the things he said in the past instead I'll make the same video but let's say I pretended that will tend to sense it or Jesse James West said it or my brother said it I'll make the same video if somebody says something wrong and say look. You said it but it's not true. It's like I'll argue with my friends in the same way. Does it ever get to a point though that it's there's going to be like fatigue because I know that eventually you know is there a reason why you haven't picked up any of these other influencers or is it just because the power of Mike and he's just got so much traction right now. I think you've just missed my videos like ask anybody Greg is the trend twins are living rent for your house. Why is every video about Alex you bang? How come you have so many videos about Will Tennyson why is it always Sam Sulek why can't you stop tapping about Chris Bumstedt I got 20 plus videos on Chris I got 30 videos on I got I talk about everybody like and you know what's funny while I'm talking about those people that they don't like it like say Alex you bang. Oh man Greg like it's you kind of going hard I'm like Alex I'm your friend but I got to tell you 250 milligrams HRT or two and your testosterone levels are going to be too high and I just I just pointed out. And so when I'm making the videos they might not like it then when I'm not there it's like well how could he's not making videos about me anymore. So they sometimes they miss it now not everyone they don't all need not saying but a lot of times when I make a video about somebody and drives them a huge audience and so I can make or break some people's channels if I talk about them now. How is your break a channel like I know I know if you go like if you are complimentary or if you're referencing their channel right like when I do a podcast and people share my podcast with somebody. They're obviously the podcast could seem a lot more right because it's getting shared especially the bigger the channels but. Breaking somebody like that what is that how what do you do to break somebody or how does that work. So for example somebody says they're natural and I point out that they're no way that they're natural I go over their blood work and see you're not natural so they're like I'm lifetime natural know you're not. And then they'll write me in private and say how could you do this how what right you have to say I'm like. I'm just giving you my opinion like this is what I think you want to prove it like most people don't really know that. Hey if you want to show your blood work at any time I'll make another video on it but they never show it like do you think that Michael Harn is natural. Oh my god. My god. I'm not going to show his blood work he ain't showing shit because he knows he's not natural there's no if answer about some other people have made me videos well it's too hard to get blood work it's too hard. Meanwhile I do want on who's saying far had I say you're a fake nanny he says what can I do to prove your wrong get blood work and two days later there's blood work. You can do it if you want and by the way he was natural I don't know if you met this guy but no I just saw him I think recently he's the young middle Eastern kid that's I think was he was wrong. Yeah, yeah the bro. I'm trying for three years he actually did a video at Mike is your tell and Jared Feather. Okay. Right before we squash the beef and here I'll just throw this out at you I want to be directly to it. Okay. He's you say his natural she says give you the top natural supplements that I can take let's see or take on this and so number one he said creatine I think we can agree that's a great natural supplement number two get a read. What do you think that was Mike's top two natural supplements that you could take as a bodybuilder. What do you think would now I'm not hate. I didn't see instant last fret fart noise but I don't think that gay to rate is an ideal supplement to take I don't think that there's any evidence that like the you could say well Perry workout. You need to combine that with way protein to I'm like well there's the adabalk window is kind of indisperuven. I'm like I would have certainly had nitrates I would have it else citrline out of the pain I would have had a ton of supplements what about my Turk builder my geo two maximum and a man there's a host I mean let's even go see Alice we can argue that's natural. He said gay to rate so I made a video I'm like and I'm not no hate I'm like hey if you said this I would say I don't agree so I feel it's perfectly okay. Even though we're not I think you can actually construct of criticism in saying hey look this is my opinion and I know whether it's an exercise whether it's a workout I mean I mean I've seen Mike do a video on me training Chris right and it wasn't negative in any way was just you know I know he throws in those little funny moments and actually I laughed to out loud when I watch it was touching his chest and he's like oh he gets the chest of chest and I was like you know I know he's very jealous of that. You know being able to touch C-bumps chest while he's training chest but it's one of those things where I just kind of laugh about it but I do know there is. The ability to have constructive criticism but I think it's just like you said it without it being a negative like if your friends with will or any of these other guys then you say hey look I would never do that in that regard I think that's where you know people would want to say hey look let's draw the line because otherwise. I think fans become a little bit overly kind of drawn to it's a gladiator sport and let me go in there on team Greg or team Mike and it becomes a shit show and I don't think that that becomes positive for anybody but like I said when I watched the video with. I was like okay you guys were you know squashing it and they said that Mike wanted to just kind of squash it to be able to just keep it professional and move on then it got taken down then it got put back up again I guess I guess the whole thing about. I'm glad it sounds like it's back up and it's just back up to the other at least the day or two now and I guarantee you probably have a million probably views on that you know it will probably probably more. Yeah and then now moving on to to the next thing is that would you and him ever do a collab. If I opinion is it to a collab like if we don't do a collab be fizz and squashed like. I don't know I'm serious we're on the podcast and like you remember this from the beat like I brought up is like you know this is good erics like we're all going to be friends and so the beef squash okay cool right yeah like all right so now we're friends okay so like well we should we should do video together maybe the three of us just us to. Mike can put me through a grueling leg workout he can make my legs destroyed whatever I'll coach him for his next show let's see that I'll put him on a strict diet get him down a light heavy let's get him a pro card wouldn't want to see myself coach Mike is your tell. For an IPB pro card I think everyone wants to see that and so if there is no beef and we're actually friends now why wouldn't we call that work. That would never work Mike would never want to work with you because he's already signed me up so I'm coming out of retirement for Mike so I'm going to be getting I'm just kidding. I just want to see your reaction on that would even I would have been a down I would love it. Yeah but yeah let me know if you guys are listening to this or you're watching it on YouTube let me know if you guys want to see. Me get Mike ready for a bodybuilding show what you guys think about yeah. But yeah I mean so you know not to apologize for interrupting you but going into the whole thing about you and him collabing you'd want to do something like that if you had a choice. Of course I would I like collabing with all the the various influences and the Arnold's it's several collabs with various people some guys people thought I'd be with there's this guy T at F is think his name's Joel. I've done videos about me tried up my turkestrony said it didn't work and I met him and we talked for 20 minutes he sent me a video he said hey it's my number one video I mean you just shouldn't have shit in the gym. Like that's awesome so I have no reason why I wouldn't want to collab with Mike like as I said I never personally had this hatred of Mike. I I just did videos I'm like I don't you did it for them on you did it for them like you did it for them like you did it because I need the enjoyment like I really felt like he hated me but I didn't hate him back. You know we had done a great video together like it was a couple years ago where we did a video like this and I'm telling you like we talked about is main gating okay is this and that. And it went amazing well there was no beef at that point I was we were perfectly like and then I asked him again you want to do videos and then there was no response nothing and then we met up at the Olympia and he made fun of my voice and put me down the old time and it was very awkward I'm like okay I'll just go along with it. Cause it's a video skip and then after the video is over I'm like okay let's talk and they just ran away and I'm like okay so that's what he wants and then when he made a video saying you know. Greg Eli he says he's a doctor I was like okay it's on now now it's on because like this is what I do I'm a professional troll so if you're going to troll me I'm going to troll you back if you give me that negative energy I'm going to give you that negative energy back but times 10 and that's what I did and you know unfortunately for him. Thousands and thousands of my fans loved it so much that they started writing in his DMs his comment section on all of his videos like and it became a meme to just troll on Mike and so I think that. It went a bit too far with the hatred that was directed towards him because he rarely said it in the back to me I escalated tenfold so the hatred from Mike's fans to me. Wasn't really there mind to him 10x and so I was putting a lot more negative energy than he was towards me and so. Do you really want to have a beef? Somebody that doesn't want to be back it's not the same but if Mike wanted to keep putting out that energy then of course I would. Right but you ever feel bad at that point though never. No I'm like he started it he's continuing it if somebody calls you a clown social path and calls you a cock sucker do you feel bad when you say he he had 20 pounds of body water because he was younger he was overweight like. You know, let's repeat with things that he said and so I never felt bad because I'm like I'm getting you back for what you did to me like if I punch you in the mouth. I don't think you're a feel bad punching me back in the mouth and that's what it was but not with fist but with words. Yeah I think like you said I think it's it's the disproportionate retaliation at that point and then all of that stuff is probably what it was but again hopefully it's like everybody can cold hands and go kumbaya you know and. Yeah like I wanted to have the beef squash legit and actually make colabs and progress and take the future fitness to community either because when I sit and reflect and I trust me I've reflected on this and I'm like. Overall 20 years for now when you look back on this it was a better to have a beef that goes on for five straight years 10 years or is it better that there was a beef and then it was shown to the world that you can make up and be friends after that and spread more positivity about fitness. I think that's a better overall message to millions of people then you know it's really cool having beef and fighting about people with words that's not a positive message and so I'd rather steer towards the positivity than the negativity. Absolutely I think ultimately. The negative the negativity can only last so long right before it plays itself out that's why being able to actually give back to the fitness community. Whether it's your experiences whether it's information on training information on nutrition any of those things that fit our channels it's really important to try to do that I mean believe me I've had plenty of times where I could have went in and I'm really hard on people. I know you know utterly would have destroyed them like there's things that I could have done that could have really really been you know really really been bad for somebody's career but then I just said look. They're not in the right state of mind they're saying some really messed up shit. I'm going to go ahead and just turn the other cheek and then you know it worked its way out God has a way to be able to kind of make things right with energy at one point or another. But I do feel like keeping things as positive as possible are is the longer better solution ultimately you know and that's that's my for at least that's my philosophy. But you know and speaking of philosophies on on the training stuff I do want to touch on that because you know thank you for the update because again this was such a hot topic that as you mentioned it and I said okay this is a you know something was so discuss. Moving on to from there about the the bro science slash body building mentality and training. Versus bro you know the bro versus. The science. Yes, what's what's your take on that. I think we should be somewhere in the middle. I think that we can take things from both sides. I've always been like a bro kind of like training guy in the gym. I've experimented on myself. I mean I've been trained since I was 10 before there was really any science and after a while you just start learning and you research and you should apply some of those things. There's some main principles that make sense for everyone like progressive overload or train harder than last time. But I think what it goes too far nowadays is that people think that every single rep has to be with perfect form that you can't ever cheat or swing a little bit. But there's all these fancy funky little exercises to replace what we already know works like I don't care laying on a decline bench with 10 pound dumbbells and saying you have a stretch bias and all you're sounding smart but like you're laying on a bench with 10 pound dumbbells. It's not working as hard as doing an actual curl or using cables and curling. It's just a bit too much and so people see that and think oh it's science train science training doesn't say to use only 10 pounds when you're 250 pound monster. So people are just going too far. So you basically yeah, I mean obviously the pendulum tends to swing too far the other way sometimes and I do believe that there is something in the middle. I believe that there's a lot of really good things that we're learning from science from exercises but also on the nutrition side and look at the supplements. I remember when creatine was 300 bucks a kilo right and against the absolute best ingredient out there is creatine. I mean they're getting more and more information out there and people don't talk about these nutritional supplements and how much better they are now and how much more accessible they are now than back in the day when you and I are coming out because you were roughly around the same age because you're almost 50 right. Correct. Yeah and so it's one of those things we're worried it a really good time to be able to focus on things like hey great I can use way protein isolate I can end up using creatine I can use some type of a vasodiliter with whether it's a citrillion or a nitrate based. We can turn around and be able to use a lot of different ingredients to be able to take your training to the next level and your recovery to the next level. But I mean and as we're talking about that right now I do believe that some of the really new science based stuff that I feel has made a good positive impact is full range of motion for middle for really. Making sure you minimize the likelihood of getting injured that's where I feel like that is given us a lot better. Foundation to up and coming bodybuilders because so many people had shit form because they saw the Ronnie Coleman videos right so you know Ronnie really good friend of mine actually I'm going to probably end up seeing him later this week. He's coming over to the gym here when we saw each other ever at the at the panada booth he's like I got him to come over and visit and train with you and I said okay no problem you know him and I are very close friends. But when you see his training and you get under a 600 pound squat and then you go yeah buddy and then it looks like you know little people are strapped to his legs because of how big his quazar. Then some of those people that were doing that were blown out their back blown out their knees I mean obviously it was rough on his body too because if you see kind of the aftermath of that. But I do feel that the full range of motion I mean is that something you agree with or disagree with with that because again is is your philosophy that. Form is as important as what I believe in or is it more just get the weight to where you need to be able to contract and and the rest just happens. My career the older I've gotten the more I've realized it for him is more important than just getting the weight up I used to ego lift in the gym I used to be like Sam Sulek let's put on the biggest weights and let's lift. Now even Sam Sulek I literally made a video on in this morning he's like you know we don't need to lift all those heavy weights the way that I was doing you can actually stretch and you can actually squeeze and hold the weight. Instead of doing 10 plates on the leg press maybe you can get away with only doing four and he learned that because while he was dieting he could no longer lift those heavy weights he didn't want to get injured and he's like well. Jesus worked and so until you've experimented with yourself and which I've done and the person who actually introduced me to this the most was erratanicky and when you see a guy who's 260 pounds of muscle. And he's doing the slowest rep you've ever seen in your life and controlling and stretching and like what is this and then you tried you're like wow this actually worked and then I start lighting my loads instead of using three plates I'm using two but I'm stretching further I'm squeezing more and my muscles have been gotten smaller than we got bigger and some like. I'm doing it all these partial range motion I used to like if I'm doing a chest machine I would start it here I'm like I want to get there I want to like use the most weight now I'm trying to put a weight behind my back to really stretch and I'm like. Less weight less chance of injury more time training less chance less time not training by being injured and better results and so the more I see that the more I see it on myself and other people the more I think that's what people should be doing and so I'm a hundred percent against eagle lifting I think that people need to do this whole range of stuff even more than they were and so I grew you a hundred percent. Yeah I always use a. An adage that's like a golf swing if you really improperly learn how to swing a club and as you progress you just end up getting bad habits you're going to be more likely to be able to not break that bad habit. So it's really good if you're listening to this and you're a new lifter you really need to make sure the biomechanics are on point because then when you get stronger you'll be less likely to get hurt and you're more likely to grow. So that's why the form is so important I don't believe that you're going to outgrow. If you're going to do a 10 pound dumbbell and you're doing the strictest form this is just my philosophy you're not going to outgrow. I think a 20 pound dumbbell or 25 pound dumbbell with 90 or 95 percent of the form I feel like you'll get more out of that then you would be a hundred percent dead on right with 10 pounds there is a certain limit range of weight that you will not grow from and certain exercises need a minimum amount of weight to grow. You can't be like I'm going to hold this five pound barbie dumbbell and I'm going to you know be able to just really do the most excellent form ever and I'm going to grow from that you do need to have a minimum amount of weight to be able to get the resistance that's needed to be able to get the growth factors that are necessary to be able to get a fuller rounder look. When it comes to hit style versus a volume base program what's your philosophies on that Greg. I think that it's most important to train the way that you like to train I think that if you don't train the way you enjoy that you're not going to put in the effort and it's not anything you do on any given day it's that what adds up for years and so I like pushing myself really hard and so I'm more of a opponent to doing less volume but more intensity now mind you. I'm not a beginner in intermediate lift I've been training my entire life I love going to failure and beyond failure that's how I like to train now if I did it I could probably ease off on that and do a more volume because in the end. More volume we do the less intensity you need the more intensity you need the less volume you're going to do I think that there's so many different ways to do that and so I'm not going to say that Jay color was wrong by doing you know more sets more volume less rest and that Ronnie Coleman was the right way. All these different ways worked we got during the eight train to certain way everyone's trained a different way and they're all successful so I think that you need to love what you're doing and then do it consistently in order to get the problem results. Yeah, I do believe in that as well I do that my only counterpoint to that is I believe that if Dorane would have been able to back off his weight 10% and increases volume 20% I think he would have had less likely to have the bicep tear the you know the claw tear he had tricep tear I mean he had so many tears that would be the only thing is if you go back and you really dial it in. I would say it would have been a bit better but again he had still an amazing result and he had a lot of Olympias wins and but looking at it his body was pretty war torn with that as well. Yeah, and that's that's like my point exactly like you need to be able to do it consistently not get hurt and the older I get there more I realize hey wait a minute. We should eagle if less and we should put more focus on the stretch and range of motion and so it takes time like Sam's so like like he's literally doing less heavy weights and doing more of this now he's he's learned that but he has to like it if you had a told him to do that at 16 and just all do that maybe wouldn't like it you know you might not have gotten away was so. You got to try to like tell people like okay no eagle lifting like if you can get rid of the eagle lifting then everything else to think it's going to work out. Right well and another that's another person that had a very big weekend this weekend so again shout out to Sam he took his first show. I think he listened to the critiques out there dialed it in came in a little bit lighter came in with really good condition and was able to get his pro card now what's going to happen now. You know I spoke to him and he said that he's going to wait at least a year before he does his protebucus now that he's. A pro Sam has heavier weight between eight to ten pounds bump up right in class that he can grow into. Then they're talk about if depending on how his frame looks filled out if there's an opportunity to go open if it doesn't look right at the top of the class but right now I I told him hey look I don't think you should think about that right now just fill in your frame you got plenty of weight to be able to grow into. Then make that decision but for now your classic max out your classic look in your weight class then from there Sam can turn around and be able to say okay now that I'm. I'm peaked out and I can't gain into more weight now let's see what I got to look like do I have do I have to refine from here and stay in classic or my frame just doesn't fit this class I should try to go ahead and try to get bigger and move to open but don't make that decision until you've actually been able to max out your weight. So I got strong opinions of this right now first of all Sam should be going off cycle I don't know he doesn't completely say he's on but it's highly likely he's not nanny he just finished his show he should go off now. I've seen hers and hers I just watched a video in recorded video this morning hers has. Cross-striated quads like I've never had on stage in his off season he's too 70 he's shredded to 70 he cuts the 227 Sam is nowhere near the size of hers he's not even close to that so he shouldn't be thinking super heavyweight unless hers is thinking that because hers is. He's he may not open yet not super really. Yeah like the two 25 yeah exactly doing open not even close to that big now for health reasons he shouldn't do it and he's not even close to that size now I know Sam is addicted with making progress but there's a lot of progress to be had and is as much as the 10 pounds he can add to it you know and been going pro. It's still get leaner you can still get the dialed in glutes like Logan Franklin and comment just stupid peel now. Is he gonna look good enough in classic to win a millipute title zero percent chance that he can win the Olympia I don't think that even with 10 pounds or 15 pounds he doesn't have the look of like Mike Sarfell I don't think he could ever beat him does that mean you should just go into open. I don't think that's wise I think then he would have to really be on the use of doses of steroids to compete against. Derek Lundsford and Samson Dota for his health I hope he stays classic because once you go up into these other way categories the stuff you have to do to get that kind of size because he ain't gonna look big enough at to to 31 he's got to be to 50 to 60 that's a lot more muscle. At least at least I mean look at see bomb he was 252 when we did the pro show and. Wow you had that heavy in three weeks from the. Wow yeah yeah he was 10 pounds yeah he went from 241 to 42 to 250 one to 252. But again it was a much rounder fuller I mean we've really carved them up and and pushed them but but again it also shows that we actually had to lose muscle. To be able to get him in so it's it's one of those things where to get him into the classic category he had to lose a little bit of muscle in the Olympia but going back to hers I agree with you 100% about hers I mean hers I trained to hers what was it the week of the Olympia I'm sorry the week of the Arnold he came in he trained with me for a couple of days and one of the videos are on his channel right now and another one's coming up on mine. He is bigger and harder than most open guys at that weight and it is so and like you said his weight is I think his weight cap is 230 to 207 yeah 27 so he's losing at least 15 pounds of muscle. Getting ready for the show because he's got stridey glutes he's got cross-stations in his quads he has no belly fat he doesn't have any area where he has to turn around and lose it I think the most amount of water his body carries right now isn't his face right yeah that's that's actually he looks like he's a little bit off and then he drops the pants and you're like what the heck am I looking at the feathering in the strikes it's just like he looks so ready in the legs. For like a lot of guys yeah and so ready in the legs he's still hard not shredded but hard in the upper body and minimal body fat and he's 270 and you're just looking at the guy and he's just you know thick as a house and you're like okay well if you start your initial diet as you've done you know being a pro you're going to end up losing five pounds to 10 pounds right away boom five to 10 pounds water is going to be glycogen. Exactly that the extra salt just from eating the process foods and whatnot boom that's gone so you bring him down to 260 from there. You know you're going to tell me that there's 30 pounds. It's not. I did a video in this like a year ago he was 270 had to make 222 at the time before they adjusted the weight categories and like you're not making it I posted a video and I'm like he can't make it. And I tested his body fat it was 10.8% he was 270 and he had the same like I'm like what am I looking at I'm like you're not losing 50 pounds like what are you doing he's like I'll make it I'm like. I don't know what to tell you I said if I were coaching you I'd have you 100% natural right now because you don't need any more muscle you I would tell you take a week off the gym. Like you have so much muscle what's the point right well it's actually becomes a detriment because what ends up happening is your frame actually starts to change and then when you have to lose the muscle it doesn't look right it's like wearing clothes oversized suit your body doesn't end up looking tapered because you put on too much mass and I think that that's the thing he's got to be really careful of is that he's once that happens and that can be dangerous. But like when you first use steroids there and your muscles start growing into your skin it's almost like this cool look now that I'm older and I've had the bigger muscles and they've shrank like I'm pretty lean but like when I pose at the skin isn't wrapped shrink wrapped around the muscles much because it's been bigger and so if you keep bulking up to 270 to 8300 pounds say and then your skin start stretching and you cut down 50 like Sam's young guys 23 but if he keeps doing this it's good eventually. I have a ticket to all in his body it's not going to look the same. Yeah absolutely I mean I think that the good thing is I think he's a person who's going to he's a cerebral guy he's he's probably watching a lot of what people are saying and being able to really help build out his narrative and his plans and his blueprint for this next year. Again I just I applaud him only because of the fact mostly because of the fact that he put his money to where his mouth is and actually competed because he could have destroyed his channel. He could have destroyed his money maker which is the fact that people are part of the journey you could just get the journey going without having to put your risk of putting yourself out there in front of these 11 judges that are going to pick you apart and then the other 30 million people online that could also just completely annihilate you. Because when you go up there you know I mean that's kind of what happened to Mike a little bit right Mike went on stage and you know went on there. In knowing that he has just an extreme amount of intellect and then going there and saying okay now you're going to judge me not on my knowledge but now on my body that's a risk right and it doesn't always pay off but at the end of the day I don't look at somebody look at me. I don't look like my athletes I'm just trying to get back to being healthy again to try to build balance so therefore I could live longer and spend time with my 11 year old son. You know so for me it's one of those things where it's like hey start taking care of yourself. It's not just about being able to coach people and trying to build the business and all these things. It's about spending time with my wife and my son and and being actually being able to enjoy a little bit of the journey after 30 years of doing this. So you know it'd be just like you because you you stopped competing as well right you're not planning on getting to go as my last show. Right it became almost useless plus I've like broken my like you can see some of the scars here on my elbows and stuff one I broke my elbows and two separate bike accidents so. The muscles are not there I'm almost 50 I mean I would be tempted to do a 15 over division but like I'm not going to do a steroid cycle to do it so how am I going to look. Not that good I mean like you'll look good you'll look good but you're not going to look like HRT doses are not going to equate to when you were running full cycles right. But not even near right and I'm older so you know for being for having testosterone levels in the 550 to 750 range I look pretty good for being a 50 year old but. But they're expecting IPB pro coach Greg how I used to look and it's like it's not going to happen right you know I'm a bike rider that lifts weights twice a week so I would do it for fun I would certainly guess pose and whatnot but I'm not going to go on a cycle which would be a horrible message like. I couldn't go on test and try and and blow up and put on the 15 or 20 pounds that I would want to just be that have that look. The message would be so Greg has been saying don't do steroids and then he just did steroids like it would be horrible so it's not something I'm going to do. So you don't have any plans on doing the over 50 class. If I did it I would do it on HRT only and I would probably get next to last. But I might at some point but I'm not going to say no but I won't do it and look like I would want to. Got you got you yeah like I said when people do it I think everybody should do a cup you know a show at least one show because it. It builds discipline it builds mental discipline and I think it's super important even at a young age even if you don't genetically have what it takes. To turn around and become a pro or win the show but it just really helps because it creates accountability and I feel like that's why people should all do show even just a natural show like when I competed I was like lifetime drug free and I'm just getting and I looked it. But I learned a lot I did it because you know I was coaching back then even in my early 20s and my even my late teens was when I got my first coaching job. And as our artists say back then it was just a personal trainer that did coaching as well and some people saw it being out because I was helping. Some people that back when I was in my early 20s and I think one of the biggest thing it was that I was really glad that I got involved in it. Then I tore my ACL and then I just full time into coaching and that literally the year I tore my ACL is when I had my first guy win the overall to USA and it was like okay let me put all of my. Eggs in the basket and see how I do with it and it was just went after win and I was very blessed to be able to work with some really really great athletes that had great genetics but were also coachable to be able to allow them to be able to really be the best versions of themselves. But it's one of those things now that I feel like you know when people go out like Sam and put themselves out there it is created big risk but it it you know but you got a huge reward out of it too because you was able to not kind of the park. So do you see anybody else in this fitness space that's coming up anybody else that you feel like you know could be the next Sam or something you know the next Mike or any of these big influencer types that are in the on the YouTube space. I mean we got Eric Janik he comes to mind right away. It's almost got a half a million followers he's huge like I see him posing less to. What's his name Brandon Curry yep and I mean Brandon's bit shorter better genetics for like the shape but Eric's got so much size but like he's never going to place highs a pro but I definitely think he's going to turn pro and with a physique like that. And with the unique training style that he has and a following on social media and ability to speak in front of a camera I think he could get to that level where maybe not. And you never know but like something like a Mike is your tell where he gets like millions of followers talking about training because. He has the physique that backs it up and that means a lot like when you have an IPB pro card which is why I think Mike wants to pro card it's almost like having a PhD. So you have a pro card there's a certain level of respect that you get in terms of oh you must know what you're doing because look at you. Right right yeah I mean again just like you said there is but I don't think it's necessary but I do think you're putting yourself out there for a lot of exposure because everybody in the world is going to critique you it's not like back in the day where. Dory and Yates could do a show and then three months after the show everybody found out that he has a bicep tear so nobody can rip apart two minutes after pre-junctions that over you know it's it's a it's a very different world because you are under a microscope 24 seven with every single social platform that you're a part of but and Eric. You know I've spoken to him he's super nice guy you know great to see him be able to improve. I know that you and I you know we spoke about him as connecting and trying to do something together because. I love seeing these athletes as well and opened up the doors to all of these people are. You know I've spoken to so many top pros this last weekend and and some up and coming amateur suit about coming in and doing some different things because now I can be able to not worry about everything that they're eating and doing everything will. I'm not sure if that's the time for the day and now I can just worry about the 90 minutes that we're going to be in the gym shooting content having fun but also giving suggestions so I'm I'm 11 the retire if. I guess where are they going to be able to see you next are you going to any of the other shows that are coming up Pittsburgh. was coming up, you have the New York pro coming up, or any of these other shows coming up that you're going to be at or anything else that's, you know, any of the... I've been going to... I'm going to Las Vegas in like a week to do several podcasts over there, but I don't have any specific plans for any specific shows coming up anytime soon. It was a quick restroom break, a little technical blend of the batteries that got out on the cameras, but again, you know, I really appreciate you taking the timeout Greg, getting caught up, discussing the situation with the beef with Mike and all of that, because it's such a, you know, newsworthy item right now, because it's all over the internet, it's all over YouTube, and you know, I'm hopefully, like I said, the beef is squashed and keep it, keep in it to the positive stuff would be great. Yeah, I think if the beef is squashed, keep it PG-13, it's not like I have to change myself as a human being. I can't make a video about Mike. It's just... I got to do it from a vantage point of like not just outward like trying to like shit on, like as a human being. So it's a different type of style of video, but it's for education and it's for debates. And whenever I see something on the internet that I'm like, hmm, do I agree with that? Do I disagree? I love making videos about that. All right, well, I appreciate your, you know, coming on and know that you're super, super busy. And guys, definitely let me know in the comments below what you guys think about the whole Mike and Greg drama that was going on. It was, it was one of those things that some people said, we're going to miss it, but I think it can evolve into something way more positive. So looking forward to seeing the next round of videos. So my name is Hani Rambad. This is Greg DuSett. And that's the truth.

=== FILE: Ep. 130  Q&A MOST UNDERRATED SUPPLEMENT [5eogE4FYLRM].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and we have a new episode of Q&A for you. So many of you have been asking to go back into the Q&A format, so haven't done one in a while, and I am now ready to go. So again, thank you guys all on the DMs as well as on the Instagram that are giving me the questions. So that's where I pulled these from. Sometimes I pull them from YouTube, sometimes I pull them from IG. This one's these are all from IG. The funniest thing is the first two people that jumped on and actually asked me questions was was, was, hotty and then Laura Lee, which is hilarious, but we'll go ahead and we'll start with hotty himself. And he says it obviously in Farse because he can't speak English. And for those that, and I'm going to remind you, for those that don't know, it's hard for him to learn English because he can't hear himself. So he doesn't know how to enunciate. And when you're pronouncing the words, it's really hard when you can't hear yourself and your pitch on how to be able to actually pronounce words. So, and people say, well, how do you learn Farse? Well, if you learn Farse way before he started losing his hearing. So it's a genetic disorder. I believe one of the, one other of his brothers has the same thing, but I do want to give you a little bit of that because some people ask me. But first question he has, or actually the only, first and only question, but he was the first one to ask a question, which is hilarious, which is, Manchikar Kwanam Kachan Nasham. So that's a Farse. And the translation is, what do I get to do to not be bald? And if you're not looking at me on YouTube right now, I am definitely follicularly challenged. And for those that you do, how are have seen me and do watch the YouTube, then obviously you know that I have very little to no hair. Most of it has moved back to my shoulders and back and it's migrated. But he's asking me, so I am basically going to answer this, is that the thing that you got to do is, number one, pick better parents. So it's very, very genetic. So when you are getting at matted anybody, then it's, last night checked, I believe it was from your mother's father's side. So if your mother's father, your gonna bald chances are you're gonna be bald and that's how it kind of goes. But, and obviously, you're using androgens or anything like that, then it can increase the speed of that and worse than the effects. But what can you do is turn around and do what most of everyone else did, see bum, hot, he and everybody else and go to Turkey and get a hair transplant. So many people are doing it. I think Ian also, I just dropped his name, a lot of people have gone recently. And the funny thing is, I'm gonna tell a little story about this, is that they've actually reached out to me. But there's nothing to transplant. So again, I guess I'm, I'll hear my arms on my back if you want to, if you want to try to witness protection and plan it and move it to my head, then maybe, or if you can clone hair and that becomes a thing. But I don't mind because I don't have any crazy divots, not going wood in my head or anything like that that makes me self conscious about not having hair. But I do want to let you know also, there are another follow-up question that I did have was whether or not I believe in Propecia. I am not a firm believer in Propecia and not because it doesn't work. I do feel like there are a lot of side effects with it. So Eric Tile dysfunction is probably the main one that some people get. So again, be a bit careful with that. And I do feel like it can affect your contest prep. There's some people out there that don't think that. I personally had used it in the past and did it help me hold onto some hair. Absolutely. But do I think that it can hinder gains? Or yes, and can it mess up a little bit of your mood slash erectile dysfunction 100% it can do that. So everybody's going to be a bit different. You can go ahead and give it a try, but it's one of those things that I don't really recommend. So one of the things that that you got you can do is stick to something more topical like a monoxidil. So go ahead and give that a try. But on to the next question. Next question comes from Miss Olympia Bikini, Champ herself, Laura Lee Chabados. A flavor you wish you have never done or done first. Okay. So I think a flavor that I wish I had never done when it came to all the products would have been probably the ice eject, unflavored. I didn't unflavored once because again, I thought it was a really good for prep and what not. And people would then try the vanilla. They would try chocolate. They tried strawberry. They did not like the unflavored. I thought there was going to be much, many more adopters just purest out there that says, I don't want any flavor system in no way. There was very few and far and between that was a one and done run and I was a learning tool for me. So now as you notice, I've got probably 18 to 20 flavors now of ice ejected I've created because I tend to geek out on. We put some in the system to be able to put out for commercialization. Then there's other ones that I have that are on standby. And so that's why you see all kinds of really cool flavors and then some flavors go away and then they come back another good example that was blueberry muffin, which just came back to the site and people are going nuts for it. Every time I come bring something back and they're there for like a set period of time, what I do is I do a flavor update. So in the past it was a bit more of that blueberry flavor in the past. Then we turned around and on this one it's much more of a balance between blueberry and muffin. So you kind of taste the edges of that muffin that's just cooked so well. And you can take those notes in when you're drinking it by itself. And what's great about it is also the fact that when I did the blueberry muffin, I thought that it was really good, especially with water. And I make all of these flavors. I really taste everything with water. Many other companies will take almond milk. They'll take some kind of like regular milk. And obviously that always makes it more delicious. Give it more calories. It gives it more texture. But if it's truly a good protein, I think it's going to taste good in water. Just cold water. And making sure that you can drink that and or then mix it up with oatmeal, cream or rice anything else that you want to mix it with, especially I think oatmeal makes it next level. But but Laurel these got some really really good questions here. So that was the first part of our question. So again, never done would have been that one. And or I'd done first it would have been I think the blueberry muffin. I think I would have if I wish I would have done that in the very get it would have been a really really good idea. But also there is something brand new coming, but I won't talk about that until probably the next podcast because I'm like I said I'm always working about three to six months ahead on a lot of these projects. But she especially going into prep going for the Olympia with whether it's her or whether it's hotty all of them. They really crave very savory flavors, especially when you're starting to get ready for the show because you have to go without right. So cheap meals are very few and far between and then when you do have a protein shake you want something to be super delicious something that's got great mouth feel and something is obviously easily digestible. But again, if I had done the blueberry muffin would have been one of them. I'm going to add another flavor to it. Also is the cookie crisp. I think is next level amazing because you get those little cookie pieces in it. Yep, there's a ramp up the protein a little bit or I should say the carbs a couple grams absolutely but the cookie crisp is also because of the the mouth feel and having some of the inclusions I think that makes it next level. So there's a lot of iterations of that out there from other brands. I wish if I could have done it first I would have loved it but obviously that flavor has been around for many many years but but I really do like ours. Lurely you're amazing she's out there running around she's at New York pro and she was posting some amazing content out there so if you're not following her shame on you follow her and I shouldn't say don't follow a hotty but he's already got like nine and a half million followers. So he's doing all right. The next question is FSC seven for natural body building if so how often would you use it really good question from Luke. So Luke the way you look at FSC seven is the fact that you want to be able to recover from those workouts usually when you're natural you're going to have a less recovery in general. But one maybe two times a week maximum if you're especially if you're on top of your active recovery you're really on top of your massage your sleep you're making sure that you're getting protein in every you know two to three hours and you're really focused on the recovery component. So if you do in that one to two times a week now obviously enhanced everything changes is taking from a stock car and you're doing a modified car and then wanting to be able to race and say well how many times can you go out there and be able to break that quarter mile by like you know eight seconds or whatever you want to think is super fast or is super amazing and what you do is you can actually throw that in three I wouldn't recommend more than maybe three times a week at maximum four but that would be. Again really really at the next level about three times but one if you're natural maybe up to two if you're really great at recovery then three times maximum four in a given week on an FSC seven set and I'm talking about the traditional FSC seven set we're doing seven sets 30 seconds arrest a lot of the modified new versions that I have on my app. You have three to five sets doing with short duration restoration 30 to 45 seconds or you're doing three to five sets and doing a superset where you're doing like a cable fly then you're going into pushups and so some of that stuff I had taped just last week when we were doing that at the S2 event in St. Louis so again if you haven't seen that it's on the Evision channel and I had a couple of young bucks out there there was three male athletes two I believe are 20 years old one of most nineteen years old. And how to great time with those guys they won the Evision contest over at S2 and St. Louis and we were able to go through an amazing workout together and those guys went next level and we were doing an FSC seven set of chest workout chest workout chest and shoulder workout and then we were supersetting the chest fly with pushups and those guys were going to absolute failure so shout out to them and and shout out to Andy for Stella he has a cameo in there. And but yeah he was asking me if I was beaten him up and I was beaten him up really good so they they did a great great great job and it was always great to be able to hang out with Andy and Sal and all the guys over there in St. Louis so it was awesome. So the new S2 facility was next level that was awesome so again if you're interested that and you want to see that workout especially with those young bucks. They had a great workout and they pushed themselves just like if they were pros so I got to give it up to them so shout out to the guys in St. Louis shout out to the S2 team you guys made it next level for us super hospitable and can't wait to do the next Evision S2 collab that was awesome. So next question. All right this guy actually seems safe so safe said my creating powder is having small lumps in it. Is that okay to consume so a lot of people ask regarding clumping right especially like let's just specifically talk about creating number one it shouldn't be doing that if it is it's gotten moisture in it. Definitely smell it I tend to have my athletes throw away their creating once starts getting moisture inside the bottle so either doesn't have a desk in bag in it or it wasn't sealed properly or maybe you've left it open for too long in a high humid environment so then it can go sideways and I would just get rid of it because as we all know creating turns into creatinine when it hits moisture especially after several hours. So when you have those days were on end where that moisture has been connected with the actual substance the actual ingredient the creatinine hydrate what you're going to do is you sometimes can get some foul smell from it as well. And sometimes it even has that even before it clumps and that means that ammonia smell you're not getting good quality creatin. So make sure if your creatin does have that ammonia smell to it and it's you know it could be really it won't smell so much rancid it is do not use that stuff that means that the stuff is not been manufactured properly. So you want an ingredient that's super clean it should have no smell to it and so make sure that you do not have that especially if there's clumps as well. I would stay away from it. So be careful on that one also I'm just going to throw in the situation with. El Quarantine El Quarantine is another one that just collects moisture so after a while the powder it doesn't matter how good the quality is if it's been open. And especially if you're in a high humid environment it will clump so. Again, if you're getting small little pieces not a big deal on the El Quarantine I would just throw those out and get back to the powder but if it's just it couldn't actually turn into goo again. So you got to make sure that you use the products in a certain amount of time usually within a month maybe two and then keep it in a cool dry place. Sometimes when you can't put in a cool dry place keep it in the refrigerator that's one of the reasons why I always put it keep refrigerated if possible because when you put things in the refrigerator it keeps things way more stable and then also companies don't have to actually put in so many different. And then you can put in a lot of the amount of dehydraging agents to keep it from clumping so again it's a balancing act when we're building these and making these private products but if you are in Florida you're anywhere humid hot humid middle east wherever make sure you take that and then you want to keep it for long term throw it in the fridge it'll keep it much more stable especially if you're in those hot environments so good question. So you can keep asking that again I've mentioned this before but I really like about four days a week non lake days 20 to 25 minutes normally doesn't have to be fast it could be either before like when you wake up in the morning fast it or you can do it after training I don't believe in doing it before training. But after training when your glycogen levels are lower jumping on there and being able to do a cool down with some cardio is the way to go and Again, don't beat yourself up especially when it comes to doing leg day You do want when it gets your legs tired before you end up going in and doing heavy squats or let leg presses and doing a bunch of cardio beforehand You know if you're doing cardio beforehand on that warm up if you want to get on the bike for five minutes It's going to warm up treadmill five minutes no problem But you shouldn't be doing 25 minutes before because I think you're gonna really lower your performance Next question Coach Mars most underrated supplement right now for someone in prep coach Mars is asking the question So honestly I think the most underrated supplement right now is Ashwaganda and I'm saying that because I've been using it so much more as I've been developing more products with KSM 66 and it it's become a huge huge help especially for Relaxing in the evening so whether I take it by itself and run 600 milligrams You know even the other day I was kind of really jacked up on caffeine because I was trying out a bunch of new EVPs and The EVP it extremes When you're starting to go out flavor after flavor you get quite a bit of caffeine and so What happened was I wanted something to kind of like mellow me out So I ended up taking 1200 milligrams and That 1200 milligrams buy itself so again Not only does it help test-offs for home, but it helps you with lowering your cortisol and it helps kind of with reduce anxiety and helps you relax So one huge huge component is the fact that KSM is known for this Using the roots and not the stems are the leaves and the quality of the ingredient of the Ashwaganda is considered the gold standard And that's why I've been using it for over six years in my test booster But I've just really noticed that he'd also help me personally also with blood sugar actually and I think Part of that might not be directly Reducing blood sugar, but helping me relax and getting better sleep Help me lower my blood sugar. So again Not only does it help you increase your testosterone lower cortisol, but now I'm also feeling like the sleep quality was better And again, I wear or ring at night and so putting that on there and being able to track that has been tremendously helpful for me And I can see all of the different things that's doing There's also some thyroid studies now with it as well So you're starting to see your elevated test levels elevated free test levels reduction and cortisol being able to optimize thyroid Helping with sleep all of these things anxiety all of these things Especially when you're doing a lot of caffeine like I was because I was doing all that product testing RTDs as well as extreme and I'm doing oh man. How am I gonna sleep tonight? So I popped two of them so clinical dose of 600 milligrams the the upper threshold I believe is around over three or five grams I have to go look it up But I believe is over three grams you can take and still be okay right around that three gram mark at the upper threshold but I took 1200 I took two Two capsules of pure KSM 66 just to see how it goes and sometimes I've taken two scoops of the new cell cam because 600 milligrams in the new cell cam for recovery But that night I just wanted to see is it gonna help me out to help sleep and then the or ring showed Just longer periods in RAM Better deep sleep and I was able to still get like eight and a half hours of sleep Normally I'm like a five to six hour sleeper. I really am I'm a light sleeper and Especially when I've had a lot of caffeine earlier the day before The other thing that I feel like it really helps me with is the fact that Again this just might be Something that's a little bit of that placebo effect, but I felt like not only did I get deeper sleep But then when I woke up I was just more refreshed I didn't have that little Melatonin hangover Because again, I sometimes take melatonin and I can always feel that hangover So I got to be careful with that, but for those of you that have tried it. I've loved to hear what you think in the comments below What your experiences with KSM 66? Ashwa Gonda and definitely will love to hear it next question Five essential subs. Okay, transform with Brandon all right transform with Brandon five essential subs So number one is got to be creating creating is Number one stuff out there right now. You're getting so many good clinical studies with all not just in terms of Strength and fullness and being able to have all of those type of performance things, but so much more when it comes to Memory as a nitropic so you're getting so many more different. I mean I don't know how they didn't figure this out earlier because it's such a great product But they're getting even more and more of these studies out there on creating so that's one number two Protein I think protein powder especially way protein isolate post workout super essential Minimizes bloating versus other types of protein when you have the blended proteins and so I think that that's one of the reasons why people really gravitate to it Because it helps with recovery and I feel like doing some protein at night So you can less likely to snack works out really really well or first thing in the morning to be able to Augments so you don't have to do so many egg whites get bloated off of all those egg whites You can turn around and be able to kind of compromise and throw in some protein in your oatmeal So you can be able to get that going but protein powder is amazing especially the way protein isolate Third thing I would say is making sure that you're running a really good pre workout So again whether it's Tim base or non-s Tim base something that has a nitrate in it so like argin nitrate is something that I'm very very very Compiled to use in my products so I use that for 3D as well as extreme fourth thing is glycerol product so EEPAQ balancing it out to glycerol with a sodium based vitamin C using different pathways For nitric oxide instead of going just straight to nitrates you can just turn around and reveal to reintroduce nitric oxide through S7 the B-tain in there So I use the EEPAQ on that pre workout and then I would say on the number five Kai that's a hard one again just maybe going back to the ashwood under right now But I'm again there's there's several different products that I like but right now I'm kind of geeking out on the ashwood onto so the KSM 66 Because again, I'm using it in cell cam. I'm using it by itself So that would be something that if even if you just go out and buy it by itself I think it would you guys would see a good reduction in the anxiety stress and then all the things I just talked about about 10 minutes ago There you go your brand EVGEN is it original and Iran yes, so again, exor has that product So if you're looking for EVGEN in the Iranian area Then exor does have the original EVGEN and I always tell people when people around the world and you're not sure if you if it's Original or if it's been counter-fitted because there are counterfeit EVGEN products out there take a photo of it of the label the back the bottom the top and we can track it down and see if it's if it's legit so Definitely There's people that have done that and we have found a fake product before in counterfeit product So if you are worried that might be counterfeit you can go ahead and send it over question What is the best safe and risk-free alternative to the steroids? You know there are it's such a huge Difference when it comes to taking testosterone versus taking a test booster, right? So you cannot turn around and compare the two the closest thing you can do is say hey look if you want to use a like we I create Evo boost which again The female here case I'm 66 but it's also got Several different other ingredients in there and I won't get too deep into it, but it's going to help elevate you to maybe if you're low normal To mid like normal It's not gonna take you from a 300 to 1200 right you know a shot test a shot test depending on the dosage Can take you up to 2000 3000 right and What needs to be really understood is that these You know brands out there that are trying to make it look like this is going to be like night and day It's not I'm gonna be completely honest with you It's not what you're gonna feel is you're gonna feel more optimized right? Especially if you're borderline that's where you're gonna feel the best results You're gonna be like okay. I'm a little bit low, but your test went up maybe a hundred points But your free test went up substantially and now you really feel a difference right and So it's it's one of those things it's not gonna feel like you went on a cycle There's nothing out there that does that except for real, you know Taking real steroids and again if you're young stay away from it guys All you're gonna have to do is just max yourself out naturally first then go on if you want in your mid 20s Your 23 24 depending on how good your genetics are then you can decide to do something like that If you want to go down that road but ultimately try to go natural because it's going to end up being the Healthiest alternative so you can look great on the outside and also stay healthy on the inside If you've got some crazy genetics and you just side-hate look I want to go ahead and try to go you know dip your toe into that by all means just make sure you do it with a professional and make sure you get your blood work done first so Good question Can I react? Sergio's asking me can you react in a YouTube video with a physique of Joseph a beast? Yes, I've gotten a bunch of questions for that so again, I will put him in The one of the next coming Rate your physique so that way I think he definitely deserves that he really had a battle between him and Terrence in the Pittsburgh show Show again. That was a great great show glad I was able to not miss that one and I think he really pushed him but I do feel like Terrence came back at his best at the following show in New York So but Joseph a great great physique. I can definitely do a Physi-rate your physique on that one But both of them amazing athlete athletes and Joseph was doing a great job growing his physique All right, lift date is every day Honning see you bum come back a low-oil question mark question mark question mark Come back to what the buffet him and I were together in Pittsburgh so again a little reunion We had milkshake Matty we had you know see them we had the crew out there and It was fun. It was fun getting a hang out a little bit You know run around and But yeah He is rehabbing his shoulder He's very thankful that he does not have to get ready for the Olympic year right now because he's hurt and he's trying to get back to normal Doing a lot of legs and while he's rehabbing the upper body, but yeah, yeah, I asked him actually I said hey you miss it and he's like not really I think he's just got a You know enjoying the moment and then enjoying Bradley his daughter And court and just his family and his family time But he is working his ass off out there too, you know, he's out there You know doing a lot of appearances and doing things of that nature, but but yeah I think that he's just glad that he doesn't have to prep right now with that injury So a lot of a lot of a lot of years of wear and tear that I think caught up with him after the show All right guys we got just a couple more left here and Chris Pendry you're opinion on gynacomastia I've never heard you mention it on your podcast all right Chris So now we will talk about it If you have itchie nipple syndrome Yes, right itchie nipple syndrome i and s Then you should definitely start taking anti-astrogens especially if you're on cycle Do not wait to your nipple start to really really hurt if you're getting any kind of sensitivity and You're running something then you should definitely take something to help reduce that now There's a couple different angles you can do and depending on how Intense the itch is whether it's to mocks fendery if you end up using a remadex There's a couple different ways to go about it But what you want to do is try to get to a point where you don't need to do that So we can get your home ones so far out of balance, but let's just say You know the dam is broken and you're just spilling estrogen and now you are just just Go up against your gym partner and you're nipple just kind of like oh it hurts it's itchy It's it's sore, you know, it's bad bad really bad So what you gotta do is you gotta make sure you get ahead of it right so again Your dosages could be off your ratios Could be off of which the compounds you're taking But you do want to get ahead of that and do not allow it to start to get into a very thick Fibrous tissue because then when you get to that point It becomes irreversible and you do need to cut it out So it's very very hard are there? Sometimes where it's not so fibrous and that the medications can help Absolutely, but once it really starts to get thick and it becomes a pretty good amount I've seen people like dollar size dollar Coin size Got to and it looks horrible guys do not get yourselves to that point You want to go ahead and clean that up make sure and if you already have it and you can't get rid of it Go see a doc go see a doctor get somebody who's known for doing that and get it cut because you're gonna always have issues Doesn't matter how lean you get you're gonna always have issues taking your shirt off so go get a consult Normally that's a plastic surgeon that does that and you want it one that is not gonna accidentally give you breast implants So they might end up you know There might be a special on that but By all means guys so again That is the end of the Q and A. I appreciate you guys all Make sure you go in and put in the comments let me know your questions for the next Q and A and Definitely appreciate all of you sharing liking subscribing and adding to the community so again Thank you guys so much honey Rambad and that's the truth

=== FILE: Ep. 131 Axel Martinez   Influencer to Fitness Competitor [3Xh0yaQhrpg].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I am here with the young upcommer himself. I called him El Nino, Axel Martinez. Axel Martinez has been a part of our eugen family for God, about almost a year and a half. Yeah, and we met at one of the young LA events and was one of the people that wanted to get together and do a workout and then talk about how he wanted to be able to grow and then was also tried out some of the eugen products. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, so welcome to show. Thank you. Yeah, the house had been for a year and a half, bro. Being a dream. Yeah, I literally pay him to say that. No, no, no. He said dream because I always liked the big athletes at the eugen and right now being part of the family's dream. Being with you, with the team eugen is really really a dream. Well, you, what stood out to me about you is your passion, but also your humble nature. You know, I think that when people get to meet you, you're very respectful, you're very passionate, but you're also, I think, one of those people that is a giver. You're like a person who really loves people and you love and appreciate your fans. And you grew a lot, not just physically, but also with the ability to be able to say, well, my body's growing, but your social media is growing a lot too. I mean, since we started working together, how many, how much have you grown? Muscle or let's just do social first and then we'll talk about your physique because because again, you're more of an influencer that's becoming an athlete, than becoming the athlete first, than becoming an influencer. It's kind of different. So let's talk about your social because you're also, God, what, how many months ago did you turn 21? Six months ago. Six months ago. Right. So in January, you turned 21. Yeah. And then, and I remember when you were like 1920. And so when you look at it, you had a following, but now, I mean, how much has your following grown in a year and a half? If I have 800 K, right now, I have almost the double. Okay. So you grew to 1.6 million almost? Yeah, almost 1.5. 1.5 million, almost double. Yeah. Got it. And then that was in the last year and a half year and a half. Right. Yeah. And is that Instagram or TikTok? Instagram, TikTok? I don't remember. That's it, true. Yeah. What are you, how many, how many followers do you have on TikTok? Almost 2.6 million. Yeah. So you're blowing up on TikTok. Now, let me ask you this. Because when we met at the young LA event, what you said was like, I want to compete and I want to compete at the high level. And at that point, I think you've done, because you haven't competed since you've been with me. You're just, because you said, I want to put on size and I want to go pro at some point, right? What I want to basically share with the audiences is that you were like 175 pounds, right? Yeah. At the time, when I met you, lean, but kind of thin for six foot, right? You're six foot, 175 pounds skinny, skinny bitch is what you had. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you fit? And so the cool thing was that he's like, look, man, I want to get bigger. You know, let's do a workout. I said, sure, let's work out together. He's a great young LA ambassador athlete. And he had already done how many shows, one show two shows, how many shows a lot like four or five shows. Oh, you did four or five. Yeah, but, no, you did. Did you teach class? Did you teach class or what did you do? Open, teenage. In Mexico, I don't know, talk to me about it. I don't know. Like in Mexico, I was a man physique, but there is games, games. He's like, Nadi, Nadi, bully, building. Okay. And also I compete when he's not Nadi bully building. That's no more games. That's no more games. No more games. But they aged those in water. Got you. Be 14, 20, 25, they don't care. Got you. Got you. And then at that point, you're competing on stage at what 170, 165, 170, maybe? In kilos, like, how Michigan kilos? 60 kilos, 60, 55. Yeah. That's like 135 pounds. Yeah, 40. Yeah. I don't want to say, but, oh, wow, that's crazy skinny. But again, you got good shape. And then we got together and you pushed hard man. That was what drew me to you. Was that you were like pushing like a bodybuilder, not like a mince physique guy that, you know, or, and not to say all mince physique guys, hold back. But I'm saying is just that you just trained your ass off. Let's just say that. And because I don't want to stereotype. My whole thing is that who did you look up to when you were coming up? Nobody. Nobody didn't look up to anybody. You didn't see anybody that you looked up to you? No, nobody. I see my brother, but he trained just for being good. So you weren't looking on social media, and anybody going at the time when you were coming up? Nobody. I didn't know that all these exist when I start competing, like one year before, start training, I see Eve again, and I see you with Jeremy, but when I start nobody. Got you. Got you. Yeah, and that's another guy that Jeremy, right? Jeremy was really good about training like a bodybuilder because he started off in bodybuilding, right? He started off in bodybuilding. So like with his legs and everything else, like when he was competing as an amateur, he was competing as a bodybuilder. So he would train his ass off, you know, and that's where I think that that similarity with that mindset you had, which was like really pushing yourself. And I go, okay, now obviously you're a lot taller than Jeremy. So you have a big frame. And so then you said, hey, look, I really want to kind of push my body in terms of like putting on some size and, you know, and Axel asked me to help him. And I said, you know, we can definitely discuss going over everything. My biggest concern is are you going to be able to like stay on top of your meals because you're also an influencer in number one, right? And when I say influencer, it's like, hey, you know, like always trying to be in shape and always trying to come up with skits on TikTok and doing these things. And you got to be a bodybuilder and like get your meals, get all of those things. And whether you're going to compete in men's physique or in classic, at the end of the day, you got to do the same thing. You got to grow. And you're so tall. And I'm like, okay, you're not five six or not five seven. You're, you know, you're six foot. But, you know, when we got that work out in, and I saw that, you know, you're putting in the, how hard was it to change your mentality? Because some people never change. They always want to be an influencer. Even though they say they want to be a bodybuilder, but they want a party. They want to do other things. They want, you know, it was hard for me. Some stuff like sample. I never go to a party, never, never. That, that things, it was easy for me because I always been like, at the gym. But for me, it was hard to change. Like, I was like a steady guy. And then change and do bulk and then compete. That it like they hardest to inform me. Because I was like, really, really in shape, aesthetic. And I don't know. I don't know what the people will say that I am not more like in, really, really in shape. And I will change to compete. But that's the reason. I don't know if you remember that I told you, you think I could do like a really good job on the building. You say, yes. And I said, let's do it. That is my dream. That was being my dream. And I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, so believe in that, when you, I saw how hard you worked. And you were willing to really push yourself. That's when I said, yeah, you know, and you were saying, hey, you know, I love the products with the vision. So yeah, yeah, it chance to try all the products. And then we entered a signing you. And you said, I want to go to the next level. I want to someday turn pro. And whether it's men's physique or whether it's classic, whatever happens. But I want to grow to be able to compete as a professional. And in a year and a half to put on 50 pounds on your frame is, yeah, it's hard. Yeah, it's hard. Yeah, like all of those things. Because you said to me, you said, yeah, I want to, you know, I'm, I'm going to do that. And I said, well, you got to be really careful because you want to take the least amount of things. If you're going to be doing that, because it's important so that you have enough room in the tank. If you want to grow later, because if a lot of you don't know, if you've been barred to your system, you may grow 50, 60 pounds in a short time. But then your body burns out. And then also it becomes very, very unhealthy. You have blood pressure problems. You have a lot of different other issues that end up happening. And now, with you being able to do things in a very low moderate way, I think that, you know, your skin, actually even looks healthier than when I met you. You can remember, I saw you and I go, I don't know what you're doing, but your skin looks horrible. I don't know what's going on. And you had already started that. Oh, man. This is really, really bad. Let's get it ahead of it. Because you know, you can have scarring. You can have a lot of things both on your face or body. And you know, who wants that? Nobody wants that. Especially when you're trying to be an influencer, and you have to turn around and wear a tank top, and you have to wear those. And now, as you grow and actually, your skin gets later. Yeah, a lot. Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of that was estrogen management. It was proper hygiene. In terms of like, not just taking a shower, but when you're taking a shower, or changing your sheets, we went over all of those things. So guys, if you're listening to this podcast and whether you're coaching somebody or whether you're actually you're going through it yourself, what it's really about was just making sure that you're taking care of the sebaceous glands, and also making sure that you're taking showers before bed, waking up in the morning and before bed, and then changing your sheets, just those things alone. And then obviously, Benzel peroxide works tremendously well to help dry out your skin when it's got the extra oil in there. And then eating clean, eating oily foods produces more oil. So if you're eating like crap, and you're literally just like shit and you're eating french fries and all those, it's going to come out of your pores, right? Yeah. So, so all of those things were things that we did. So if some take a ways for you at home, or if you're listening to this and you know, on the podcast, on Spotify, or any of the platforms, make sure you understand that if it's you or your athletes, what they take in. It's so it's not just, hey, estrogen management. I'm going to pound down my estrogen. It's also fat management, grease management, eating burgers, eating fries, eating pizza, all of that stuff. There's a reason why they call it pizza face because that you literally that pepperoni oil is going to come out of your pores. So those are things that, you know, educating someone so young who's just starting out and being able to do that. And this is one of the reasons why being able to share this information with you guys all through the truth podcast is something that's super important to me so that you guys all understand, you can have scarring for the rest of your life, especially if it becomes cystic. If you have naturally bad skin, then you've got to also, you know, worry about possibly having a new ticketing on an acutane. Then obviously it's not really good for your liver, but if it's really, really bad, I had it and it wasn't because it was drug and do so 13 years old that I really bad acne, bad bad cystic acne, you still have scars from it. From when I was 12, 13 years old, you know, just, you know, when I hit puberty, I had really bad my mom had bad skin. I had bad skin and I had to go on acutane a couple of times. So those things that you want to get ahead of, but I also didn't have somebody telling me, make sure you wash your sheets on your pillow cases like every couple of days, make sure you take a shower before bed. As 12, 13 years old, you know what I mean? Didn't know any better on that end. And I think that the biggest thing is just making sure between all of those things that we just talked about. The bends will proxide and makes a huge difference. The wash and then making sure that you're taking showers when you're getting up, but also before bed and then just changing those pillow cases in those sheets. Also making sure you change your towels too. That's another thing too because that's a breeding ground for bacteria. So you gotta be very, very careful to make sure the towels are changed because after you get out of shower, if you don't have a clean towel and you're drying your face, that's bacteria. You know, you're putting bacteria right back on your face again. So again, that's just a little word to the why for the wise there. In regards to you right now, okay, social media, how is it being a young L.A. athlete? Because a young L.A. is, you know, I mean we're both with young L.A. but and you went to the party. How was that man? How was the house of a young L.A. It was crazy. Did he give up any secrets? Is it like being at the Playboy Mansion? No, no, no, no, no, no, no secrets. But yeah, they're up. You see who went to the party? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was crazy. It was like minutes, but it was crazy. Yeah, I think I've very remember the artist, but I saw some of the stuff there. Now, I was in Europe. So I didn't get to the party. I was for those of you that don't know that, you know, we're falling on social media. You might have seen it that I was at the Rimmany event. Then from Rimmany, I was there with Phil Ronnie, Leighane, Nexilla, Behrus Tabani, shout out to Behrus. He's supposed to be competing here. So by the time you listen to this podcast, he may have made it, may have not competed. And there's a lot of crazy stuff going on in the middle east right now. So I am going to just quickly address that. So shout out to everybody in Iran and the Middle East, please praying for everyone to stay safe. But he's supposed to be competing this weekend to try to go back and repeat his win. But how was the party? Was it good? It was good. Okay. But I go early. Okay. Because I need to be late. No, because right now I want to go to the building. No. No, she don't. Did she get jealous? No. When depends. When she see the artist. Yeah. Oh, because she wanted to be there for their artists. Yes. I remember. Not because she's worried about you talking to girls. Just the artist. Yeah. You got a foam. Yeah. That was crazy. He's Tiger. Tiger. Tiger. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um, yeah. Again, Grmer and, you know, aka Gary over there and his brother and the whole team does a great job with those parties. And they go next level with those cards. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's great. But um, yeah. So being on that, I guess, do you feel that it's a lot of pressure every month having to try to like come up with ideas on social media? Because again, being a social media guy and waiting to compete. Because if you guys don't know, and I talked about this before, but actual we're waiting for another year or so to be able to fill in this frame before he gets on stage. You know, yes, he's put on 50 pounds, which is great. But it needs to season when he needs to fill in his chest as back, his arms a little bit more. And then eventually, if he does do classic, then, because legs, but your legs have improved a lot too. Yeah. But anymore. Yeah. Yeah. But I guess my thing is that how much pressure is it to constantly have to do it, you know, you're 21 years old. You make good money. And you know, between all the sponsors, right? Yeah. And so all the things, but is it like a lot of pressure? For me, no, because I think that like in social media, it's me, like really it's me. I do like funny videos and because that's your personality. Yeah. But if you try to do all your type of content and it's not like really you, that is the hard thing. But for me, it's okay. It's not pressure. It's more pressure to get like to my goals before the time that you told me or you're going to tell me some stuff. It's like the pressure that I wanted before the time you told me. But after that, it's all good. Yeah. Because I love to do this. Like the videos is my my ideas sometimes. And I told you, let's do this and these funny for me and they posted. Yeah. You don't even care. No, sometimes it's really good. And sometimes it's a yeah. It just depends on like, it's bad. But I don't care. Like we say bad. It doesn't have a lot of likes or doesn't have a lot of engaging. And those funny for all the people and for me, yes, and they posted. Yeah, you don't care. And then you're over it. You know, that's what's cool because you don't care a lot a lot of people when you guys do social media. 100%. I'm like this. Okay. Not, you know, I you overthink it. You think it overthink it. And I'm very guilty of this. Where when we want to do a campaign or if I want to do something like even just do a basic post, all sit there and be like, okay, is it right angle, how many pictures in the car or so, what do I want to? Sometimes I overthink it. And then you just do it. Whatever comes in mind, we just did a workout, right? Yes, we did a lot of social media. And then we were doing flies and cable flies. And then we turned around, you push up, and we were doing something and just kind of... It's funny. Yeah, it's funny. Yeah. And they posted it. And that was it. Yeah. And that's it. So he doesn't really, that I can definitely, he doesn't overanalyze. And I think we a lot of us overanalyze our social media, right? And sometimes you just got to put it out there and if it's good, good. Because you know what? At the end, you could always delete it. If you didn't like it, you could always delete it too. Right? And also, if you get 10 views or 100 views, that 10 views for the people is great to see that. I was like you, like in a few months, I think about everything, like, oh, this picture, the lining, oh, the views of this real, maybe I don't grow too much these days. And it would like hard for me. Yeah, because you're overanalyzing. Yeah. And I get the shadow band. Oh, you got shadow band? Yeah. Yeah. What did you get shadow band for? I funny, but you. And the posing. What did you were unique it? No, no, no, I wasn't. What did you, what was the posing? Real-enabosing. Yeah, yeah. And yeah, shadow band. Yeah. For how long? Three months. Three months. Three months. Wow. But it helped me right now, because I get, like, more, I appreciate the good things now. Like, no, I love the views. And like, I told you, I am more mean because of that also. That's cool. So you just worry about whatever you like. Yeah, because before that, all day I was seeing like my stories, the views. Yeah. And if they're real-go-go. So do you think this shadow band helps you? Because you didn't think about that, right? So make sure you reset the way you looked at it. Yeah. That's cool. It's kind of funny, taking a negative, like, getting shadow band instead of being like angry. Like, there's some girl that got her take, her take account taken down. Yeah. And then she was banging in the door. I saw of the take, took her quarters. Let me in and I did my account back. Yeah. Yeah. I was angry, but when I finished this shadow band, I see that. That was good for me. Because if I be there, go bad. My day was bad. It was like, yeah. I was angry. Why does this? Right. Because you tried to change perfection. Yeah. Right now, I prefer it to be like this. I enjoyed more training with you and go to LA to go to everywhere. Peru. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You just got back from Peru. Shout out to Peru. Yeah. He was just out there for Evegin Peru. And I can't wait to go next year to Peru. Because I want to go down the meet a lot of people down in South America. You know, Colombia, Peru. I mean, Chile, Argentina, all those places. I love Peru. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of thin. Yeah. It was it? Yeah. Ten and ten. Yeah. That's good. Beyond your expectation, then. Yeah. He's one of my favorite trips. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I can't wait to go. I think next time you go, I'm going to go with you. Let's go. Yeah. We'll go together together, so we'll plan that out. But because the passion in South America, I mean, bodybuilding is growing a lot in Latin America. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. Something new compared to you as but he's growing every year a lot a lot. Yeah. And shows, yeah. And then Mexico City, that too, right? Felix and his show. Yeah. That grew a lot. A lot. Maybe like five times or what? That's amazing. That's awesome. Yeah. And I got a sinus infection. I was going to go to that show and I got a sinus infection before I was able to get on the plane. And also on anybody else, I didn't help. I was able to get better in time. And just from grinding, grinding, grinding, grinding, I was traveling and then I ended up getting sick. But I was going to make it this year last year. We had a great time when we were there. And then this year, oxal, I remember you calling me. We were talking when you were, I said, how are you? How's everything going? And you're like, do it awesome. Yeah. So that's good. I can just shout out to Felix and the guys over the fit weekend. That's, he killed it. You know, a lot of people over there. Yeah. Yeah. Our, our division team marriage growing really is growing as well. So now again, now going back to the training part. Like, do you feel like you have to motivate yourself every time you go to the gym? Some days. Yeah. But I remember what my goal is. And I need to do it. And that's it. That's that's hard because for those of you that can really relate to this, what it really boils down to is that when you don't have a show and you don't know when your show is, it's very, very difficult to be motivated. Right. So you select frustration because you don't know when he's going to compete. Yeah. But every day count. Right. You need to do it. Yeah. And I think what we do to help that is check ins. So when you have a check in, even the, it's the pressure of the check in is what helps you because you don't have the pressure of the show, because you don't have a show day yet. So that is something that I do to make sure that, you know, the regular check-ins still. And I remember guys, I haven't stopped coaching. I just stopped coaching that top elite level because I wanted to be able to give back to the e-vision athletes, to the athletes on my podcast, to the athletes that listen to me on Instagram or, you know, on TikTok, all of these things to be able to give more information. And you guys see me work with a lot more athletes now in my own gym or when I'm abroad, because now I don't have the pressure of just being able to have to like be able to come up with that, like a limpio winning result. I can take the information and be able to really scatter across a lot of platforms and being able to show not only what I've learned, but things that I feel like are going to be fruitful. So instead of, you know, mentoring and coaching, a couple of people, a handful of people, you know, between all the platforms, five, six million now for me, between all the platforms. You know, it just hit three million on Instagram. So we're going to do another giveaway, time for another giveaway, three million on Instagram. And because you know, just before that, there was a million on YouTube. And so, and I think I hit 1.6 million on TikTok, which is cool, but when you add to all those up, I want to be able to give more content, more information, also coming up with more products for e-vision, come up with new flavors, more new things, just innovative, cool stuff. And being able to talk more about how I can be able to help the coaches or those that are just wanting to be coached, just by listening to the podcast. So I'm doing my best on being able to do that and being able to do trips now, where before, again, being so stressed out, feeling like I couldn't do the trips. Again, the one in Italy was awesome. So shout out to all of the Italianos out there that came out to visit us at the Panata booth. And you know, the team with Panata, now we're doing things with KSM 66 and continuing to building more products. And you get to test all the new stuff before it comes out. Yeah, so we got a new couple of new KSM products that are coming very, very excited about that, because you haven't tried the new Selchem, the new Selchem KSM. Yeah, so you're getting that, you're taking that back with you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, true. Oh, yeah, I try and sense right? Yeah, how was it? Give me one. One scoop. He was crazy. He was supposed to give you the whole bottle. Friends is going to have a bottle and give you a scoop. Yeah. Friends, this go, man. And I ordered one, Mexico, but they don't have the new one. They don't have a new one yet. So we'll give you the other one on the way today. So you can take the whole bottle with you. They only have a friend with that. That's why friends are so jacked. Yeah, Francis, go. I'll tell you, I'll tell you, that's like, he's like six, but six. I don't know what he's like. He's like, yeah, he's all. He's all come to the Venezuelan rock. And so he was out there. He's part of our origin team in his hilarious, because I think that he wanted you to have one scoop. And then he took the rest. Yeah, and that's it. That's a key fight over it. He gave me two scoops. He do scoops. It's good. That was it. Yeah, the rest of them for him. Yeah. That's that's great. But yeah, so going into it now, you, that, you know, you motivate yourself, you're shooting young LA, you're doing stuff with E-vision, you're traveling around the world now, you know, building up social and that's the other thing that I like to do. Like, just like, you know, going back on into the whole Jeremy thing, you know, going around the world is something I love to do with our athletes and being able to make them a part of a lot of the different regions that we are so big in internationally and being able to get a world audience going in. You know, I know we're very, I was very proud of that situation with him where we were able to do that, getting, you know, he had millions and millions of followers from going to Philippines and going to India and going to the Middle East and we're going to work away all over the world, yeah, to give that world light audience. And that's where I'm very proud of being able to do with the E-vision team and our resources and our network to be able to create, you know, world wide athletes, that's not just an athlete that's just US based. And being able to put them on our platform. So I'm excited that you like it so much and you want to do more. Yeah, I wanted to do more. Yeah. I was like thinking about it to go to Peru and they said, yeah, let's go and the best decision. Yeah. I love it. That's awesome, brother. I can't wait to go down there with you. And then also, I know I'm going to go to Colombia and then like I said, Chile, Argentina, Brazil. Yeah, yep, yep, go all over. Not just South America, but also you've never been to Middle East yet. No. Yeah. So we've got to do that. Yeah. You need to do a little bit of world. Yeah. Well, they're going to go the world. Oh, he's awesome. Sign me up. Let's go everywhere. Let's go. That's awesome. Yeah. So we have some questions too. I did a Q&A. You did on your thing. So again, on your channel, you had Q&A. We said that you're going to basically doing this podcast with me. What are some of the questions that you had on your Q&A? Because I want to be able to answer your fans. My fans. Yes. Okay. First, I tell you like five and you respond whatever you want. Okay. First, why you are training me. Why you start training me? Well, I think I talked about it, right? I said that because of the fact that you were putting in so much hard work, just like somebody else that was a professional athlete, even though you're a beginner and you were literally just starting out your journey. I felt like, you know, almost like the David Butler situation. I like going back to my roots and starting over again because so many people have just seen me recently with only the top people for so long. They don't realize how many people I had from the very beginning that I brought all the way to the top. So they weren't, you know, they only saw recently because as I started working, you know, with a lot of the, the guys since like C-bomb, Derek, Hottie in the last six, seven years, they didn't realize when I was back when I was the pro creator. I would take people from the local, then go into regional, then go into getting them the pro card, then getting them on the Olympia stage. Yeah, that's true because a lot of people told that, oh, no, honey has only the top. Right. They don't realize. Yeah. That's it. I only have the top now because I don't have the time to work with the guys all the way through because of Eveogen. And so I have between Eveogen and my FST7 app. I've got so many different things that I'm not going to do. And also because you have another top, but right now, jargon, the top, you work hard for that. Yeah. And that's why we're doing that. And that's why I like even at the Olympia, it was like trying to always win the Olympia. So instead of having like, in the past where sometimes you don't have four people, five people, six people, you know, at the Olympia. And now it's like, okay, I've got one person. They've got a win or we've got two people. They've got a win in two classes, two wins, you know, you know. So at the end, now it's more about trying to focus on going back. Like I said, when I saw when I moved to Dallas and I started working with David Butler, he never done a show any of the teenager. And then so I want to be like, let's see what I can do again. I haven't worked with a natural guy. You got big, got shredded, stridey glutes, all natural. So I'll take the drug test, everything else. And quite frankly, very proud of that because again, just taking somebody and being able to go back and do that again, because it's been a while. Since I was able to do this funny. I think so. Yeah, more funny because he's from zero to. To everybody. We say funny. You mean more fun. Yes, more fun to watch. Yeah, it's more entertaining because then I think more people relate to it too. So seeing those taught people at the top is great. But when you see somebody starting out, never done a show before, turn around natural gets stridey glutes again. That was that was a great opportunity. David's a great kid. And again, he was I think 18, 19 years old when I met him, 18 years old when you met him. And then he did the show was 19. So yeah, yeah. And then he did the show won the show. And then he still got to get back on stage. So David, if you're listening to this, get your lazy. He's working hard. He's got a full company. He's got his full company, which is shout out to him and his full company. But good good kid. And but he's working, you know, working hard really big. Yeah, he's getting. He's growing now because now I think he's 21 now. 21. Yes. Yeah, he's 21. Yeah, 21. He might be 22 right now. How old is it? Is it? 22 now just 22. He's getting old bro. That's it. But yeah, so that's that's why I pick as of how hard you worked. That's why. Okay. Yeah, we'll see the next question. The question that all the people want including me. When what year I will compete? What year were you compete? Okay. So right now is to 12 it's the middle of 2025. And so I would say probably by the time that you put on enough size on your six foot frame to compete, you probably be either at the end of next year or the beginning of the following year. That's where I see you being able to do that because right now you're growing like I saw you yesterday and on a side of my, wow, this is going really well. Yeah. So I think by that time your body's going to plateau to the point where you're like, okay, now let's try to dial in conditioning and get you into a contest prep. But between even now and then doing a mini cut to try to make sure that everything is in shape because the thing that I like about where you're at right now is your abs are showing and you're in a really nice clean bulk where your abs, the outline your abs are showing and you're like, oh, I'm fat. I'm like, no, you're not shredded, right? Right, but you don't want to be to put on the size. People don't realize if you get a little too fat while you're doing a bulk, you're getting more likely to just get fatter, right? But if you're too lean, you will definitely not be strong enough and not have enough weight on you to get stronger to be able to put on more size. So it's a balancing act right now you're in a really good spot because you're getting really strong. And that's what I want to continue. But again, ask me again in six months six months six months six months. We'll talk. We'll talk. We'll go in there. I give you a month update. Okay. At the beginning of the next year, we talk. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Also. Let me check which you think is my like my best muscle on my worst muscle. I know they worst calves. Yeah. That's a bad fact. Actually, they're trying to grow more. So that's good. But now they are. And I don't know. I think your worst muscle will be size your calves were was your back. And now I think your back is actually growing. I think your back is growing. I mean, you know, you always had a decent chest, but now your chest is really growing as well. But you're definitely getting rounder and your width looks really good. And I think you're back. Sometimes when you develop your back, especially very quickly, it'll be developed only in certain areas. But your back is now growing very very well between your lat width and your back fullness. And that's what I like to see because if you overdevelop your thickness and then it can make you look narrow because if you don't have enough width. But between all of your pull ups pull down exercises, you know, being able to really get that V taper, but also making sure that you're still getting heavier rows. You have both working together. So it's more balanced. Yeah. Because like I said, if you get thick, but you don't get the width, it makes you look even more narrow. So now that's why you're looking wider because you have both growing in a proportion of amount. So I really like that. I think so you know, really like how your back is growing. Yeah, I don't have back right now. I have a decent back. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. That's it. Yeah. You know, we did that back workout. So you guys go check it out. So some of the workouts are going to be on the YouTube channel and just a quick reminder. If you are a member of the FST7 app, then you can go ahead. I have an exclusive workout with Axel that's going to be just for the FST7 members. If you were not a member, you can go ahead and sign up at honeyrambod.com and use honey, YT for your first month only a dollar to check out the FST7 app. All the different workouts that are available just for you, the numbers. So check it out. Honeyrambod.com download the app and then that workout that we're talking about is going to be on there. It's going to be an exclusive workout that's not going to be on YouTube, but it's only for FST7 app members. So check it out. So again, next question. This is more like for me, but I want to say it. How do you say it? How do you say it? How do you say it? How do you say it? How do I look? Wait, give me one second. Expectation. How do I manage the expectation that you are my coach with the people? That's your question to you. It's only your standard. I think so. Are people as that for you asking you? How do you manage the expectation of me being your coach? What's the answer to that question? I have more pressure and that's the reason that I do like 100% of the stuff because I know like they check in. They check in is with honeyrambod. With you. The best coach. I need if your training me is for a reason and I think I need to be like in the same page. I need to do my 100% because you are trusting me and your device. I appreciate that. I need to do my best because of that because you are the best. You need to have the best ones. I think the expectation is high. That helps me a bit. That helps me because what it does is people can't put out. You can turn around and feel that pressure of wanting to maintain excellence. It happens here at the evening as well. When you see the passion that I have for this and that passion is equal, then it's a partnership. I know that when I see the check-ins, you are not eating. You are getting massage. You are making sure that everything we talked about. I see the results. Yep. My thing is making sure that you have that ability to follow through and execute on the plan. Anybody who is a trainer who is listening to this, that is what you are really going down to. If you can get somebody clients to do that, that is how you are going to be a good trainer. How you give them the information, how they take that information and analyze it and execute on it. When I am working with Axel, I am turning around and creating a mentorship program where with him saying, look, I am putting my time and effort into it because he values it. If you have a client out there that doesn't value your information, think and listen to you. That is why you never give out your stuff for free either by the way. If you do what they are going to do is they are going to turn around and say it is no big deal. Whether you are not because there is no skin off of their back. There is nothing there is no money falling out of that wallet. So at the end of the day, value the information because if you don't, they won't. And then what ends up happening is they are not going to end up getting into their goal because there is no accountability. But again, what I like about Axel is he appreciates the effort that I give him. And then he reciprocates that by making sure that he executes on it. That is what makes a good team. You have a lot of work and he sometimes called me and I appreciate that because I know that you don't have time. But you give me some time. Yeah, I make the time. Yeah, you make the time to call me to do the checkings. And in my part, I need to be ready for that. I need to do my 100% trick to be on the same. Yeah, well, I think that's why I am working. Yeah. Awesome. So one more. One more. Hmm. They are almost the same. Yeah, they are almost the same. Yeah, they are almost similar. Yeah, okay. Maybe, which is the best exercise for every muscle like your favorite of back chest. And shoulders. Well, you know, my chest one has always been an inclined dumbbell press. Okay. You know, the back is very difficult because again, I think pull ups because, yeah, for pull ups because I think that's the one where you don't even need a gym. Like when I started bodybuilding at home when I was a kid, you know, I called it bodybuilding. But it was building my body. It was because I had one of those fixed bar pick up in the door where you turn it and then you leave it there and then you just try to just do pull ups and then all of a sudden my arm started getting pumped. My back was pumped, you know, and then that and I did push ups and then all of a sudden my body started changing and I was like, I like this, right? So it was, it was one of those things. So I think a pull up really, really helps quite a bit. And then obviously when you get into rows for back thickness, legs always squat. Whether it's a Smith machine squat, you can turn around and do a belt squat if you have a back or you know free weight squat squat squat squat squat squat. You have scissors. You know, and then everything else is basic. Every bicep curl, you know, depending on how you feel with the biomechanics and you try tough extension. Again, I really like the one behind the head where you stretch and then you bring out. That was fantastic. Um, but really what it boils down to is that mine muscle connection. and making sure you're also doing it right. And that's true. So because so many people will snap the weight, drop the eccentric, and then that's like, that's like drinking milk and then spitting half of it out. Like you need to be able to, you want what's in there, you need to drink it and make sure you get it to be able to absorb your rep that eccentric on the way down is just as important on the way up. Yeah, I love the truth. You go to the gym and see like in squat, five plates. Right, no. And then you're doing with me, you can barely do two. Yeah, all the one. Yeah, all the one. That's the wrong. Yeah. He's over there. Yeah. Yeah. So you know, guys, you know, this axle's been an athlete for a year and a half. I didn't bring one of the podcasts. And I think that this time I really wanted to bring them on to introduce them to the audience because, again, he's putting together a really amazing journey. And as he's grown. And even though he was an, even though, you know, I'm coaching him. And I'm putting the time and effort into him. I felt like he still had to earn being able to be on here. Yeah. And after a year and a half, I'm like, hey, man, let's get you on the podcast. He's a really, really. And I think that's a good dream. Yeah. And because I want you guys to be able to follow him and he can kind of see what he's doing out there. Because there might be some relatable items, especially if you're starting out in your competing journey. And just know, especially if you're a tall guy, right? And it's going to take a little while. You can't rush it as much as somebody who's five, six. So when you turn around and you're dealing with something, and you are like, whether you're coaching somebody at six foot or you are six foot, and you're younger, it takes longer to season that physique. So if you want to be a part of that journey and then all of that, and you need to share, this is going to give you some advice too. Okay. You need to share a little bit more about what you're doing, right? Because again, the eating a little bit more because you're doing it. But it would be good because you're sometimes doing a lot of entertainment on your social media. But I think you should be sharing more, sharing more, and discussing what you're doing. Like with the food, even we do, you know, I was going to say. Supplements, yeah, eating your taco Tuesdays, man. It's not really Tuesdays. He eats up, cheap meals. And again, nothing too crazy. Not too crazy, oily, cheap meals. We're talking about our typical to eat meals would be like steak burgers and pasta. And then also, like if he can get Middle Eastern food, he can do that, barbecue, and then tacos. But again, like healthier tacos, or even though he does like taco bell. He told me that. You know what? That's good. This is the taco bell game. But I think that the biggest thing is just making sure that you can be able to show that. Because again, he has a fast metabolism. So we got to ramp that up in a little bit of that junk food helps. And when I say junk food, I'm talking about like, you know, like higher caloric intake food, not junk food, meaning going all through McDonald's drive. And again, do you have Taco Bell in Mexico? No, we didn't have that. OK, so maybe I love because of that, because we don't have it over there. You just said all it is is something new. Yeah, but it's not, but the quality is garbage. Don't eat that shit. The car, the quality is garbage. You guys, when you go and you get your tacos, is your mom make your food? And, uh, no, no, no. Do you guys about? Yeah. You go out. You go out. So in the quality of the food's pretty good. Yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah. And not like taco. Yeah. Exactly. Please meet me at the order there. Yeah, we don't, not mystery me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But yeah, so again, sure journey, if you get a chance, I'm going to put his link to his Instagram page of some of the social media networks on the links below. So and definitely let me know what you guys would love to be able to see me train him on the next training series, because I'm going to be having him come out again to do some more things. And maybe some more Q&As. But definitely get to know Axel. I think you're going to be able to, especially if you're a young bodybuilder, a young lifter, or you're coaching young lifters, because again, being so tall, so big, having such a big frame, and learning how to be patient. So guys, that's a part of the patient. That's it. For me, yeah. When I go into compete, I know. Yes. I need to be more patient. Yeah, but it's growing. You're doing a good job growing. All right, guys. That's a wrap. Honey Rambug. Axel Martinez. And that's the truth.

=== FILE: Ep.134  Q&A Where is HADI CHOOPAN & MY THOUGHTS ON CHARLIE KIRK [I1kv1_c60FI].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, honey Rambad, and I'm here with a new Q&A. That's right, it's been a while guys. I apologize things have been absolutely crazy, but I do want to be able to catch up with you. So let's go ahead with no further ado, question number one. Where is Hottie Chopin? I've had that was the number one question in my Q&A in my Instagram feed, and the key to that question lies within the government services department at the State Department. We are just waiting anxiously. There is a lot of things going on, obviously. It's been a very, very hectic year when it comes to politics, especially in the Middle East, with a lot of things that we're going on. And these athletes are waiting around. I mean, we have Hottie Chopin, we have Bayerouz. There's a lot of athletes even besides them from other countries. And things are just, unfortunately, just have been slowed down this year a bit. Normally, yes, Hottie would already be here, preparing for the Mr. Olympia, but he's waiting patiently while he's training, focused, doing whatever he can to keep his attention on the prize, which is trying to win the Mr. Olympia in 2025. So we're going back and forth every day. We are just waiting patiently for the rest of the paperwork to come through, but it is definitely, definitely stressful. And many of you have asked me, how stressful is this? Oh, it's stressful because it's obviously not in our control. But we do know that things are working behind the scenes, so we're trying to be as patient as possible. We're just over four weeks out, and we're just waiting for that document to come through. That says that he gets his visa and get him here, state side so that he can get ready for the 2025 Mr. Olympia. Obviously, the Mr. Olympia competition this year is going to be very, very good. You are, if you don't have your tickets, please go out there and get your tickets before it's sold out. I'm sure that there's probably different, could be the finals. I think that usually sell out first. And it's one of those things that you definitely want to be able to attend if it's financially, good for you. If you can't because of just cost or just, it's just travel prohibitive, then obviously there's also the paper view that you can always head over to the Mr. Olympia site and be able to download and watch live while it goes on. Friday night is going to be the pre-judging. Then obviously Saturday evening is going to be the finals. Many people have asked me about this year mentioning the fact that they're going to go into a qualification. I'm going to go ahead and put that for another podcast because I do want to talk about it. But overall, I feel like it's very positive because the Mr. Olympia originally was just a men's division. There was a women's division. Now there's many, many divisions, both on the men's and women's side and it's grown tremendously where you have up to 60 plus people in certain divisions. I remember coaching Seabomb a couple of years ago and I believe he was number 59 in classic. And I'm sure the men's physique could have been even bigger. So these divisions have grown tremendously. And it's a testament to the sport, but it also, I believe, does take a little bit away when you have that many competitors because you end up getting fatigue when it comes to the judges, the audience and all of the things that go along with it. Also costs. I'm sure that Mr. Olympia organization originally never planned on having this many competitors paying for them to be flown in and being able to put them up. And even though the whole divisions have gotten bigger and the industry has gotten bigger, it is still a business. So therefore I do believe this is the right move. I think there always could be some massaging depending on what happens next year. But I do feel like it is very positive when it comes to this new decision of having to qualify. So I do want everybody to know that I am definitely 100% on board with that because I would love to see smaller divisions so that they can turn around and be able to spend a little more time on stage as well. And I feel like the focus and the flow is going to be just better overall. So again, you guys let me know in the comments below what you feel or how you think this is going to turn out. But I do think it's going to be very positive for the sport. So again, that was a really good question. I do think that next time I see Tyler Manion or he's going to be here in Dallas, I'd love to be able to talk to him a little bit more about that getting ready for the next Mr. Olympia competition that's going to be coming up in 2026. But on to the next question, honey, what do you think of Nick Walker? How do you think he's going to do? Honestly, I feel that it was very, very close between Nick Walker and Derek Lundsford when it came to Pittsburgh. I feel like Derek was off compared to how he looked at the Arnold, but he just had just enough to edge him out, meaning Nick from that show. But it really could have went either way. I think the audience sentiment I agree with, it definitely was a coin flip at that point. And I felt like Nick brought in his best package ever. So he really pushed Derek, but it was a very close competition. Derek came out on top there, came it from a, having momentum at the Arnold Classic where he looked phenomenal. And I feel like now it's all about resetting. Every show is only as good as your previous. So now going into this, it doesn't matter how anybody looked at the previous show. It's all going to be re-judged from scratch going into this year's Mr. Olympia. So it's going to be a banger. You got, again, hopefully, hot he can show up so he can be a part of this as well. But you have Samson who had just guest posed. I feel like that is also going to be a really good look for him. He's pushing himself, trying to come in his best conditioning. And you have Derek, you have Nick Walker. I think the black horse is good veto. I think he's also a person that could be really up there and in the mix. And there's going to be some other people that are going to start putting out more and more updates that you're going to see that could be up in there in the top 10. Also, Behru's, we don't know what's going on with him. He's in the similar situation as Hottie, even though Hottie has been here since 2019 every year for the Olympia, Behru's has yet to be able to come over here. So again, every individual has her own visa file. There's other questions that may be going on internally with the State Department as they're reviewing their files to see why or why not when it comes to giving someone a visa and you're only the people that are opening up that file really know. And those are the people that are the decision makers on who's coming. So at the end of the day, when people ask me to be able to help a particular athlete, they're already in the system. So therefore, it's just a matter of figuring out what exactly they're asking for and are they answering the proper questions when they have doubt or they have doubt, they're going to be looking through that folder and being able to say, excuse me, you know, athlete X, we see A, B and C. Could you please give us the more information on this? And usually that's what the case is. And then you have to be able to give them as much detail as possible. So therefore, they can make an informed decision on whether they're going to let you into the country. But again, I'm sure country by country, you know, constantly by consulate, slightly different requirements, depending on who's opening up that file. And basically, your track record of traveling has a lot to do with it, too, because they're going to want to know if you've been to certain countries and who you've met with and what's going on, so that you're all above board. There's a lot of scrutiny that goes into these visas, especially now with the state of the global politics and everything else that's going on. So again, these are very difficult things because we cannot turn around and with the click of our fingers, fix things because half the time we don't even know what the issues may be. But all I know is I'm praying that the athletes are all able to compete because at the end of the day, it would really, really bother me to not be able to continue to see the best body builders in the world stand on stage together. So we're all praying that these guys all come together on stage so that we can have the best show possible because that's all we want to see. Go out there and see these guys battle up on stage with the best physics on the planet. So that was a really good question. Good luck to Nick Walker. I know he's looking like a monster. You got Samson Douda. You got Derek. You also have Haudi who's just, you know, blasting away those weights. Seeing those Instagram posts again, I can not wait to see him. Even though I did retire last year. Obviously, I'm still very, very involved and I've been a fan ever since being a kid and wanting to be able to support our athlete, Haudi Chopin, and Eavision athlete, but also just being able to support all of these people to be able to come out here is something that I really wish I could be able to just click my fingers and be a part of. But unfortunately, I do not have that kind of power I wish I did. But unfortunately, there are going to be some people who just aren't going to be able to make it. But I hope that does change, especially this year. So okay, onto the next question. Next question is from Ant. Ant is asking, is coaching really that stressful where you needed to retire? Absolutely. It's not because of the fact that it's so stressful. I'm actually used to the stress. I feed off the stress. I love stress even though it doesn't always love me. But ultimately, it took away from being able to spend as much time with my family. So again, you guys are going to see that my priority is my family now. So my son is only going to be 12 years old once, right? And I don't have any other kids. And I do not want to be able to regret not being able to spend time with him, whether it's in the gym, whether it's going to his football games or being present, because of constantly in my last 30 years, being on the phone, whether it's being with the athletes, checking in on athletes, having them check in with me, updating, you know, looking at photos, looking at nutrition plans, updating nutrition plans, updating training plans, whatever it is, it was constant because it's an obsession, especially for me. So that's what I really wanted to step away from. Who knows what happens down the road. But for now, I really feel like about made the best decision possible. And now, honestly, I'm just looking forward to the 2020 survival of Mr. Olympia so I can get out there and see everybody. But being able to shoot content with many types of athletes now, because not having to do prep allows me to be able to do more training videos. So that's why I've been able to work with a lot of different kinds of athletes that I've been posting about on my YouTube and being able to do that here at my gym and Dallas. And being able to give you guys more of these is what I'm looking forward to. So again, it wasn't because of just the stress, it was because of the commitment. And right now, my priorities, my family. Okay, next question here, we have from Dr. Mike, is it, I think Dr. Mike Riley, what Pnotta machines have you seen help people grow the most? And then another follow-up question to from him is also your favorite Pnotta pieces of equipment or slash machines? So Dr. Mike, the question is a very good one. The ones that I feel like benefit the most, the back pieces. And not only because of the fact that the other ones are not as good, it's because the back pieces are very tricky when it comes to me, I'm able to manufacture and get my muscle connection. And I have felt that it was very, very difficult from the other manufacturers to be able to create good, mind muscle connection with their pieces. And I feel that Pnotta and Rudy, when he put these together, the biomechanics are superior. That's why I feel like the high row the mid row, they call it circular or the converging mid row, it's almost like you're doing the with the pad, where you feel like you're doing a Christmas tree pose. You get such great contraction on that machine. It feels phenomenal. The high row and you can change how much supination, risk supination you have to be able to get that lower lat to contract this phenomenal. And then even the basic pull down and it's converging, it feels like you're doing a back double biosep pose. So a lot of the other machines are very linear. They go straight up, straight down. Okay? And again, I trained off of hammer strength for most of my life. So it's very, very linear, straight up, straight down, straight back, straight forward. They're good pieces of equipment. But when you really want to create a really good contraction and you feel like you're almost doing a pose while doing a pull down, like the back double biosep and you're doing a pull down with a pinotapiece, it's very, very different. So that's where I get really good mind muscle connection and I get a ton of muscle soreness because even at that peak contraction, you just feel like you just contract even harder than you would on a basic piece of equipment. Or you feel like your arms are kicking in much more than your back on a basic piece of equipment versus a pinotapiece. That's why if I had to choose one body part, off of pinotapiece is of equipment, I would choose back. But I also really, really love the super squat because I feel like it really takes a lot of pressure off of my back, but I can still feel it in my glutes, hands, quads as I go down and you get really deep. That's another one that I post about all the time. But again, those are my favorite, but if I had to pick one body part, it would be back equipment from the pinotal line. So again, very good question. Definitely definitely let me know what you think down below. If you've tried Pinota, tell me your favorite pieces in the comments below. I'd love to hear your opinion. Just a reminder, right now you can go ahead for just $1, you too can have full access to not only my programs, but to my exclusive podcasts. So again, for just a buck, use code, honey, yt. It'll give you full access to my FST7 app for the first month or just a dollar. All right, for the final question, we're going to go ahead and it takes a completely different turn. Kaden.06 asks me, what are your opinions on Charlie Kirk's death? Again, guys, if you followed me for any number of years, you know, I don't really talk about politics, but I do think this has nothing to do with politics when it comes to someone being assassinated. I do feel very, very sharp, strongly that this was absolutely wrong. It doesn't matter what side the aisle you're on. Someone's death to this degree of being killed in a public format, in a public forum is absolutely wrong. I feel very sad for his wife. I believe he has a one year old daughter and a three year old daughter and regardless of whether or not you agree with him or not, I do feel very, very strongly that this is going to resonate with many people and I know a lot of people are frustrated and they're frustrated because they feel like if someone's opinion is their opinion, but you don't agree with it, they shouldn't be shot and killed in cold blood. Unfortunately, there are some people out there that are celebrating this and I cannot see one single reason why. I feel very, very bad for his family, for his friends, his loved ones. Again, regardless of his politics, it's also 9-11 today as I film this 24 years since that tragedy, it's also happened. So again, in remembrance, God bless those that were affected, their loved ones and God bless America because it truly is the land of opportunity. I love you all. Thank you so much. I pray for you and please pray for the families that were affected. Love you.

=== FILE: Ep.135  Jared Feather  2025 Olympia Predictions [WxggiPGywnQ].txt ===

I'm gonna attempt to try a new flavor here, but I have to untwist this cap for it. Well, let's not cry all we just did. So you guys are going to do this thing. We just got in here from a workout. In most of the time we do a podcast or something beforehand, but this time we're just kind of coming off the tail end of a workout. Yeah, you look pretty spent, brother. We didn't do legs or a back, but I'm here with Jared Feather and welcome. Thank you. Yeah. One year today since we did our last ones. Yeah. Yeah, it's been a minute. And then we had a couple of training sessions since then. Yeah, good stuff. Yeah. And we just got done doing what body part. I'm sorry. And I actually, I trained, which is great because I, you know, I'll do my transformation challenge getting consistent, which will be week six. For those of you that are in it, then congratulations. Week six is starting. But, you know, I, what was great was the fact that I was also doing it. And it got me to be able to create accountability. A hundred percent. And normally, I don't, I have so much stress during the Olympic that I don't have the ability to do that. Yeah. And, but I did get sick on week two when I went to the young Alay event and had a bunch of kids that came and, you know, they ended up getting me sick when we went to Miami. And then, I don't know, what was that Jacob like about a month ago, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go. Yeah. I did have it in the cool. Yeah. It was, it was very good event. You know, we had Jay, we had, you know, the trend twins. We had, you know, the whole posse. But I just remember like two days later, I was just like, oh, man, you know, like, in the chest, they had little achy. And I'm like, you know, the nature of the beast man. That's what I travel, especially when you're, you started dieting. You were doing a transformation challenge. Yep. Second, you went high book a lot of your, you know, you just some shot. Yeah. I'm going to catch whatever these kids have. What was funny is now I think about it every time I try to go back again for those of you that don't know, yes, I'm 50 now. Last show I did was 25 years ago. Well, yeah, I was 25 of my last show. Just 24 actually. Just about to turn 25. My last show, then I tore my ACL and then I just went 100% in coaching. But one thing that I realized from then till now is that every time I try to go back on track. And we talked about this in the workout. So you guys are going to want to watch the workout because we discussed a lot of things. I just just arms torturing. Jared's arm. I'm going to be breathing heavy and lean it over machines. Doing bicep and tricep. The thing that comes to mind is the fact that I would always get sick after a big leg day and starting back up because it taxes your system so much that whatever was in the air, whatever was on the machines, you know, any kind of viruses, any cold viruses, flu viruses, always catch after legs. And it was like always not just not saying because I'm because of my inconsistency, right? Because I'm inconsistent and then I'd go back and I'd be like, okay, I'm going to train super hard. That's right. That's right. Because when you tax your system, that's what ends up happening. You end up taxing it to the point where your body either could possibly get hurt, especially the older you get. So that's why it's really important you do 70, 80% and then eventually building up to 90% and never really going to 100. And we can talk a little bit about that. But literally we're actually going to do this shake because you're killing my animal like window bro. Okay. So you got, I got cookie crisp and you have this flavor that. A brand new flavor. Yes, a brand new flavor. The new Dubai chocolate. That's right. The new, if you ever seen a Dubai chocolate ball bar, ball, it's a Dubai chocolate bar, which is chocolate with pistachio filling. That's what you're emulating. But you threw some unflavored glycogic for carbs in there. And I'm having cookie crisp. Oh, okay. I'm going to shake it below the table. Oh. Yes. We got cookie crisp and then you got Dubai chocolate. So maybe by the time you guys are listening to this, it will be online. Actually it will be probably. But imagine this and then you can drink a cream you already. You, you are a ninja creamy, you know, maniac. I love it man. Man, yeah. This guy. This guy. I love ice cream and it's just like it's such a nice hack. Do you have the old one or is there, there, there, there's a new one I haven't tried it. The new one is the soft serve. Is that good? You can do like this soft serve. Yeah, which one's better? I have the old one. I haven't seen this old one. You can, the new one you can do the old stuff on too. Which one do you use? I have the old one. The soft serve is fine but like you can make it, what's it called? Store bay or you can do frozen yogurt setting on the old one anyway. So it's like soft serve basically. It's very similar. Got you. Here we go. Dude, that's good. It tastes just like it. Bring the mic a little closer to you because I'm worried about it taste just like it. That's really good. You've had to do by chocolate, right? I actually, when I was in the Philippines. Okay. That guy like, it was in Dubai one of those weekends. And I was like dude my sister really loves that. You buy chocolate. Can you get her like a couple bars? So we brought him back. Oh my God. They're just trying to. Because I was basically in prep old. So we were in Switzerland and me came and nauseous. We went to the chocolate factory and we took a course on how to build you do by chocolate bars. So we have these kitchens and they have it like a standalone stand and there's probably about 10, 12 of them and couples or family members can get together and they give you the full like chef outfit and then they give you the chocolate and they give you the little trays on how to make them and then they do a course and we were there for like a two hour course and then you get to take home your chocolate that you make. That's cool man. Yeah. It was really really good. And then when I got home, I saw that even 7, 11 now has him for 20 bucks for one bar of chocolate. And it's really, I was expecting like a pistachio after taste. But the pistachio is like right away. Yeah. So literally it's exactly like it. Yeah. That's cool man. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't like coffee. I don't do the milk going. Yeah. I'm sure it's not terrible. No, it's good. It's just that you got to be coffee. You're trying about the cold brew. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just had just enough that I gave you some of the pilot run and the cornered the next week. It'll be here. So like I said, if you guys are into Dubai chocolate, you definitely go to evegenutrition.com and check it out. I've been working on this Dubai chocolate project for the last three or four months. And can not wait to drop. So it's going to be dropping right before the Olympia here. But yeah, it talked to me man. How's it work out? I can't even tell you this lid. He's trying his lid right now. Like shake and trying to drink. No, it's great. I need to drop a lot of gyms and that workout. It's cool too because we worked out together. Usually you're seeing honey, you put somebody through a session. Yep. And we'll probably talk about a lot of this in the podcast, but you know, my background. We've done this before. Yep. And usually it's me putting people through stuff or you put in built-in stuff. So for two people to join together. Yeah. He tried to movement that I like doing something to work. That's cool man. So I think we're going to need a lot of that session. Yeah, see guys, you know, you have a, most of you, there's only probably a handful who've seen me actually train seriously like in the last, and that was probably over 25 years ago when I was competing. Again, for those of you that don't know, I was a natural bodybuilder. I would compete in the NPC Iron Man. That was that was my go-to show in Culver City. But there's so much that I just, again, didn't know. I train my ass off doing two hours of cardio, you know, 100% lifetime drive free. And then 150 pounds on stage. And, you know, train trained under eight. I really, really was scared to eat because we'll get trying to get lean. Howlories were very, very low like two low obviously. And I think the last show I did was 24 years old. And then I'm 50 now. So it was one of those things where now that I'm trying to reset and my priorities. I'm like, it's Sunday, let's, you know, let's train. Let me, let me get some stuff in. And again, I was in expecting to be able to do the whole workout with you. But I pretty much did the whole muscle whole workout. Yeah, I was just into flex sets. Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, I say, you know, it's funny because even when it comes to taking supplements, I always think of it as an honor to be able to have the ability to do that. You can't, because there was a time where you couldn't afford it, right? You couldn't afford all the best stuff, right? And now even though I obviously have access to whatever I need, whether we make it or I eventually make it and I can bring the rosin. Yeah. I always think to myself, don't waste it if you're not going to be a hundred percent. Yeah. Really focus and serious about utilizing it. Yeah, doing like all hundred percent supplementation and then your diet is trash. Like what are you doing? Yeah. You're not getting the mic or nutrients from your finger food. Like your vegetables with your meals. You're not tracking your protein, but then you're like, well, I got to do. If you pay cue and I got to do this and I got to get the hydration. You're not even eating properly. Right. Right. Yeah. Well, you're getting back into it. Like you said, you'll start adding in some flex sets like later on. Yeah. Yeah. That's a new thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because you can't just go in because you know, you being a professional bodybuilder and most of the people I'm coaching a professionals are. No. Yeah. Now he just. I'll count it for later. Yeah. Now you're so growing, but I think that when you look at it, most of the people I coach or I train even just for a session are advanced. Right. Very seldom. Like, you know, the David Butler's where, you know, he was completely had never done a show before. Teenager, lifetime drug free. Yeah. Doing that or when I had the trend twins and we did a workout together in Miami and then we did another one here. We probably overlapped a lot. Collaboration wise. Yeah. Like, trend twins and all these guys, Tristan probably came down. I haven't, I haven't changed a count. No. No. No. No. No. We're waiting for Tristan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We did that one mass up to like 179 and he came down. I told him. Five. Maybe five, six, five. Okay. He's probably here. Okay. Yeah. And then is he, does he have to struggle? Does Tristan have to struggle to be that shredded? Or is he just naturally just, really, really naturally, naturally? Yeah. Just a reminder, right now, you can go ahead for just a dollar. YouTube can have full access to not only my programs, but to my exclusive podcasts. So again, for just a buck, use code, honey, yt. It'll give you full access to my FST7 app for the first month for just a dollar. He's got some kind of condition, man. I'm asking him to 17090, how does he put it? Wow. Yeah. He got to probably a good eight to ten, which is probably the fatest he's bad. He's been. Okay. And then he died down to like 160. And he was, blue trations. And he's kind of feel like he's kind of maintained that since then. Nice. Is he competing at all or not? I actually respect the absolute hell out of that guy because we started the prep. The 179 mass cutting down with intention of like, let's just get you natural pro part. Show everybody up your blab's drawn. And he's so in love with the process. And that's this what we preach all the time. That we got goot tracin Lee and I peaked him and everything. And I was like, do you want to do show? Like this is what it looks like. And he's like, you know what? Like, I don't need to do that to prove it to anybody. I don't have anything to prove myself. I don't feel like competing. It's not something I want to do right now. And I just respect all of that. Like I think it was a very smart decision. So did he get his pro court? He didn't compete. Oh, he used to sit. He just didn't want to. Yeah, he just wasn't. He just wasn't. I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't get respect for staying as lane. Exactly. Understanding it, not trying to go and force it because so many people do that. And that's it. And that's what I was like respect because if you either mentally, you hop on stage and you get second place. And then you're going to have shit talker. Tristan always has them anyway. Yeah, mentally, if that's going to put you in a negative space or if you just legit, it's just through the fact that you don't want to get on stage because like, you know, for like, you need that in your life, right, to for it to bring you any meaning, like we'd like for me, it's like the spirit journey thing where like I want to do the best I can. I want to eventually be on the only base stage. Yeah, I'm like, I'm an athlete, a heart. And that replaces, you know, like football or whatever I was doing in the past. And it's like he's so in love with that process, he just didn't need it. He was like, I'm good. I don't need to compete. I don't have shit to prove to anybody. So has he never competed before? Wow. I'm feeling he at some point he will. I agree. But I was because I was in the intention. Right. We had already discussed it and everything. And I was like, yeah, he's like, yeah, let's see how I feel at the end and he's like, and at this point in time, I'm good. And I was like, yeah, man in the future, do it. You know, if you don't want you now, don't do it. No point. Yeah, we got to get him out here. Yeah, you did my hair. And then yeah, with the, well, you were talking about like, I feel like we have a lot of overlap with people we've collaborated with. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. And like what we were talking about earlier was that, normally, you know, even last time I put you through a workout. But this time I'm like, no, let's, let's train together. And that way, I can get my workout in as well, you know, Sunday afternoon and, you know, you flew in for a couple of days off to ours. Yeah. Yeah. And then I was last night, so shout out to everybody who went out there and know, Evelyn Nick was there. Yeah. And had a great time. Was a good fight. It was also a super cool to see in person. Yeah. Legion Stadium. I already energy was just next level. 74,000, 480 attendees. That's just called 75,000. Yeah, it was a new record. That's insane. In saying 75,000. I saw all the videos of the VIP areas. And saying. And saying. Yeah. The energy, again, Nick texted me. So the energy was crazy. You told me as so many things that how amazing you're seeing. So amazing yesterday was last night. And the pre fights were good. And then, you know, the canelafite, like again, I would have liked to see it a little bit more of that canelow like this. You know, a little closer. But Crawford's a mate. Do he's so fast. He is so fast. And he's a little older than him. I think he's going to turn 38. And do the way he was the jab and the way he was snapping those punches. He's going to say more. Like he legitimately, by around 10, fought off more fatigue than caneladid. He didn't dig into himself. He should have Crawford was like, I'm not losing. He was, did you could see him? Like you could see it up close. The sweat, the lack of masculinity, how flat his muscles were. Like him, like kind of like he'd do this for a second. Like bring it up. But bring it up. You know, it's seeing like kind of, you have to bring it up. And due to it was amazing to see that, that like warrior spirit. Because it's like, that's a true battle. Yeah. We get on a fucking stage in bikini. And they're out there punching the face. And it's so like, that was true warrior shit. And it was cool as hell to see. Just caneladid. Had he noticed those little things? Yeah. Could have won that fight in the last few rounds. But Crawford fought every ounce of a teak and just took it. Yeah. Can't remember his name. Around four or five caneladid had a good round. And then Crawford came right back and didn't let him take that momentum. Well, caneladid had ring control the whole time. And then Crawford had better significant strikes. And then after the headbutt, I think caneladid, he might have been docked. And from there was just Crawford. Yeah. I think they get him a warning because it was unintentional. It was a warning because again, what happened was if you watched the fight, you had Crawford go back and forth from South Paul to regular orthodox dance. And so he kept going back and forth. And then when that happens, you tend to, sometimes, but heads because you're, you know, obviously it's angles. And caneladid's cutting him off. Yeah. You know, trying to cut off and make it make the ring smaller. So it was, it was a great fight. It was, it was a really, really good fight. And you know what's great about it is the fact that caneladid is so classy. After he won, and I've just haven't seen that in a long time. I've just seen a lot of nasaers and a lot of people that are just like, want to poop who everything because they didn't win. And again, having a legend do that is a true mark of sportsmanship. And I really applaud him for that because when guys get that big, it's really hard for them to swallow their pride and be able to do anything when it comes to being able to acknowledge the other person. Yeah, especially when it comes to sport like that. Yeah. You go into the match, hating each other. Straight, straight gladiators. I want to kill this guy. Yeah. Yeah. You could see that. It's a closest thing. Right between that and MMA. Those are the closest things you get to the old school gladiator style. It was cool, man. That was, it was electric. Seriously, a great time. Yeah. We're going to talk a little bit about what's going on. What's going on with you? What's going on with your clients too? Because right now you got Nick Walker just under four weeks out. So, you know, you're helping him with the workouts. How has that been going? Yeah. So me and Kyle ended up starting off doing Nick's training and dieting and stuff together. I put Kyle through workouts for about a week we can have with Nick. And then from there, Nick was like, Yeah, because he was competing too, right? You're just in the computer. Yep. And then they consolidated. So Kyle is doing everything now. Okay. And he's working off templates that we've given him. So, okay. Nick's doing the same stuff, same control, same like volume accumulations. And he's just over there in Jersey and they're doing their things. So, Kyle's with him. It's amazing. And they're just like, and trucking on man. That's, it's really cool. And Hosima. He, I'm not even, I'm not even lying. I think he's dark horse. Mm-hmm. The way his quads have come up, like over the last, I started working with him. I think it was right before Pittsburgh. Okay. Leading into Pittsburgh. And then he took a period where he grew for a little bit with his coach. And the cool thing is like his coach gets ready for weeks out. Okay. And then they feed into the show. Gotcha. Who does he work with? I guess. Which is the guy in Spain. Okay. He's with him every day. But gotcha. But it's cool because they keep me updated with all the other stuff. Okay. You know, the supplementation and the diet. And he messaged me. This is exactly what I'm doing. And then I know with that things that are a little more compromising for joints and tendons. And I can change variations. I can add an intensity technique to make sure he's safe. Yeah. The thing we talked about in the training with the League Extension is a versus the League Press. Yep. And it's a really cool circumstance because I haven't worked with somebody who gets people ready first and then feeds them up. Because now you're feeding them up and I can actually add in kind of more heavier compounds stuff. Gotcha. And his muscles are going to be a little fuller on stage. It's really cool because he's four weeks out now and he looks bigger than he did at six weeks out. Right? He was shredded to the freaking bone already. Gotcha. I'll show you his updates after this. Yeah. Same. He is going to be six. Four kilograms heavier than Pittsburgh. But leaner. Crazy. So great pounds. Yeah. And same. Yeah. So for those of you guys, make sure you bounce over and watch the workout. But Jared was talking about was that we were talking about the fact that pre-exhausting. I'm a huge proponent of pre-exhaust because it gives you the ability to hit a muscle without the feeling of tearing anything major because some of these guys are so strong that you have to be careful that you're not going to put them in a compromise situation when they can squat 600 pounds, 700 pounds. So what we do is going to dry as hell, going into a competition three weeks out. Yeah. I mean, hot he will still do it. But then we'll just compromise. It's like, you know, compromising situation. Literally saying, okay, we'll want to do a straight set with six plates. We'll do a strip set with six plates. So that way he feels good about still carrying some weight. But again, pre-exhausting, even that's still with pre-exhausting. So when you pre-exhaust, you really cut down the likelihood of getting hurt because you're trying to be able to target that muscle group. So for instance, for instance, leg extension, right? When we're doing leg extension before going into a leg press or any kind of squat, you're not going to be able to squat as much. Well, the nice thing about that is you still get a lot of benefit from it, but you don't. You end up taking away a lot of risk. So the risk reward tends to inverse when you turn around and start to go straight into a heavy compound. So we talked about that while we were training. So again, it's really important so that not everyone is built to train at a crazy heavy, not only a mount, but level. People want to turn around. I remember this was huge when Ronnie was winning. Everybody wanted to do what Ronnie did to try to get Ronnie's result. But nobody had the structure or not a lot of people. You know, Johnny Jackson was a guy that did. Again, which is a power lifter. Yeah, power lifter exactly. You know, in branch branch, again, power lifter power lifter. And then you turn around whether you're a power lifter or power builder. It's it's the same type of thing where you're used to being able to do very, very heavy weights. When I started training fill, we tried to increase his strength. But then I had to remember he's not. He doesn't have the football physique. He's not a big guy natural manager. He's small joints, right? And so when you look at him, he's just very, very 3D, very bubbly. So let's accentuate that. So then we started to really lean into the volume with weight. Instead of just crazy weight. And then that's how I, you know, created FSC 7 was to try to create the intensity with how me having to be there by keeping a little bit more of the shorter rest periods. And then being able to really focus on different exercises that really stimulated a lot of the fibers that create more glycogen rich fibers. And he just pushed tons of metabolites and the tissue with those FSC 7 sets. Yeah, he was just keep the pump there. And again, we tried to get strong. But when I, he was like, okay, well, all of a sudden if he's tweaking his chest or he got he yet twing his quads when, you know, his back just didn't allow his biomechanics to be able to squat super heavy. And then it was like, okay, we got to work around it. Let's do leg press. Let's do hacks. Let's do, you know, things of that nature. So it was one of those things and the great thing about it is that he didn't need to work out with anybody. Where some people really need it because to show up, he was really good at being able to really kind of go in and get that focus by himself. He eventually had to start training late at night because everybody was bothering him so much in the gym. And there wasn't the private gym type of thing like we have now. So training at armbrist and having people video you and take photos of you ends up being a painly ass all the time. So it's like now all of a sudden I got to go after it's closed to go train, right? And he would be able to do that and go in and I remember Shree would, you know, just be them and you know, go in there and just do what she, you know, she actually helped them a lot too. And do what they had to do to stay away from everybody to stay focused. And now with you traveling around and everything else, you've been traveling a lot, but you're still an IFB pro. You compete in classic. You're trying to make the Olympia stage and we talked about the fact that the difficulties of how hard it is when you have so much knowledge to be able to segment it and apply it to yourself and everybody who's watching or listening to this. You're going to understand exactly what I'm talking about because when you are a wealth of knowledge, you're trying to apply so many different things because you have so much knowledge, but you have to simplify. Right? 100%. So talk to me about that. How are you going about doing that now after this year? Because I know that you talked a little bit about it on the phone with me the other day. I think that when you coach especially and then I'm going to be honest coaching is a fraction. Less than a fraction of what I do and most of the travel based collab based on you to what going and networking for the apps and things like, you know, just all this different shit. Yeah. And no matter how much knowledge you have when you're doing all this stuff and you're coaching people and you're trying to apply it to yourself, especially when it comes to the dieting and the supplement aspect, you hear something new every day. Right. And you're like, okay, let me look into that. I'm looking at that. Oh, that could be a good idea. This could be a good idea. So unless you're really good at being objective and having a solid plan and even then because I'm I'm going to have coach myself and whole career. I turn pro coaching myself, you know, like I won the nationalals and I continue to do really well. I got fifth of my pretty view. I could be with that last year. Pro debut was 2021. Oh, that was your. Got you. And you know, like I can do it, but I'm probably never going to bring 100% to stage doing it myself. And you just kind of as a coach got to be lazy for everything on stuff. Not how good you are. Yep. You can be the best coach in the world. And end up, you know, at 7.8.9.10. And shows. Yeah. And having somebody else at least on a really closely like consultation. Mm-hmm. Relationship. To review is a great idea. Mm-hmm. And I think not just with consultation, but like having somebody to trust in your corner to just say, We're going to do this consultation thing, but you have the last word. Yeah. Right. You, I'm going to debate the hell out of you probably, but you have the last word. And you tell me to shut up and just do this. Like, you have to be a person who can swallow their pride in their ego and just do the damn thing. Right. Like, no matter how much I say, like, well, it doesn't seem like it will work that way on paper. You can like, and you're totally man. I've done this with 50 people. Trust me. It works. And I'd be like, you know what, you're right. I don't have that much. I don't have as much in other little experience. You're somebody who has much more. So it's like, you just have to find that person whoever that is. And it's hard to trust. Really? Yes. Because especially the more you know, right? Like, who do doctors trust? Right. So it's like, you're like, oh, I already know everything. Right. So that's the heart of seeing like, we talked about with Mike. We exactly said the same thing as we talked about Mike. Even though Mike trust me, he still at the end of Prep's would be like, I fuck that. Yeah. I'm not doing that. Like I mean, well, you know, I tried. Right. And it is good. You know, he's a doctor. He's exercise physiology. Sports science. Right. And what's that? Isn't an equate to bodybuilding? Oh, and that's the number one thing. So Mike, when you're listening to this, because I know you're going to listen to this. Is that doesn't equate to bodybuilding. Bodybuilding has to, you have to utilize a simple methodology. Right. I always call it like the kiss method, right? Keep it stupid simple. Yeah. Because when you do that, you turn around and be able to execute without having to over complicate. Right? Because there isn't that much. It's not that complicated. Yeah. But when you make it complicated, what you're doing is you're second guessing things to the point where You stress the hell out of yourself. You stress the hell out of yourself. I mean, again, I'm not going to name names, you know, but you know, I had certain clients. Yeah. Okay. You know, his initials are full of abiot. That would literally drive me crazy, right? I love you, but he drove me crazy because he wouldn't allow sometimes for the changes to take place before he wanted to change him again. Yeah. Because he just wanted it. Okay. Now if we made this change with this food, and it was so good. What if we have this and you're like, do keep it moving. And then let's just let the body do what it does, right? Make one change and you think that three other amplifiers could potentially like stack up and make that change even better. That's right. Instead of just making one change at the time. That's right. And then you're going to be like, do this first, this first, let's do this for a while. Yeah. And that's what's contest prep 101 is, right? Ronnie would just take the game plan, fill with take the green plan, and execute. And when you have people, and that's why you, when you are a coach out there, and you want to understand whether or not someone's going to be able to get to their full potential with you as a coach. Number one is trust. The second thing is making sure that they can execute. And the way that I would go about just like bringing on somebody at EVGEN, and when I'm doing a, you know, an orio, I turn around and be able to see, do they have the tools to listen and to be coached, right? Are they coachable? Have they played team sports? Have they been coached in the past? If they haven't, and they start off with a lot of the, I know, I know, I know, then I would always just be like, like, I don't think this is going to work. And I would always work in the off season with somebody to be able to see how well that they would do. You know, I did the same thing with Jeremy Blundia when I was working with him. I, the first show we ever did together. I said, it's not going to be the Olympia. I got to see how you do, and we did the San Jose, and then he was able to really follow directions properly. And had a great outcome. He ended up winning and looking really good. And then right after that, we won the his first Olympia like full month later. And I think people listen to this, um, he was extracting small points. You might, this might sound like the, just shut up and do what I say, but that's not what me and Hanier San Jose. Yeah. As a coach, you should be able to explain why you're putting an implement in and being on that. The client is still questioning, like if it was full, out of whatever he wanted to do, I think you have to be able to explain why, like, came in one thing at a time. You got to trust me. I understand what you're coming from and why you think they make sense. Maybe we'll try it in the future. You just got people to like talk them out of it. And I just, because I've seen coach response, where it's like, just fucking do what I say. Right. You know what I mean? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do that. No. It shows you have a huge ego. 100%. And number two, it shows that you don't respect the relationship enough to build trust. So you do not want to do that. Okay. You need to do it. And again, I've got a pretty good resume, but I still don't do it. You know, now have I gotten frustrated in the past and I'm just like, just get up in the morning. It's full of you get up in the morning at 7 a.m. Do your cardio. Yes. There's been time. So I'm not going to turn around and say I'm an angel, but at the end of the day, sometimes I don't want to have to over-explain things. It's been two hours doing it. And again, not take anything away from food. He was great athlete, but he would sometimes not let it marinate enough. And then he wanted to re-go back and respite the, you know, the sauce that you're trying to make that perfect meat sauce for your pasta. And then he's like, wow, this is so good. Let's add some more. I can't tell you what. And I'm like, brother, let's let it marinate. Yeah. And I sort of got to, I think it was we started adding some carbs and we did some cool stuff. And they came back and he's like, bro, I feel so good. Let's just add more. And I'm like, let's just let it settle. Let's let it marinate. And then he was like, let's go. And he just, I think he just sometimes just was anxious, right? And that's the other thing you got to manage anxiety, right? You're constantly anxiety management because when people, you know, their hormones are stimulants, they're lack of sleep pressure. They're creating even more anxiety than social media. So you have to be an expert at anxiety mitigation. And that's hard to do. It's hard to take supplements into consideration because people are anxious, more anxious. Right. And then you're taking, you know, you're adding in fat loss agents and caffeine and all these things, and creasing anxiety too. So then you're like, listen, you from this week to this week, if you've had five free counts, let's come off the caffeine. Let's take a clean out for a good three weeks. And let's see how your brain's working. You know, it's like, even that kind of stuff really. So Mike didn't work well with Glenn. I didn't work well with Glenn. I didn't work well with anything. Oh, you don't be like this. That's buddy. It'll be this much. Yeah. Well, and that's exactly it. So you have to try to mitigate that. So when people tell you, like, man, what makes you such a great trainer, it's a holistic method, but not just the information that you have, but how do apply it and making sure that they're able to actually execute? And that's the thing, man, like, because everybody, I don't know if you guys follow me and my stuff, but you'll see us talk about AI and shit all the time. Coaches will be a career that's around. AI is not taking coaching. You have to be a fucking person who can talk to a person and get to their level. Yes. And seriously understand what they're going through. And that is why it's an word of mouth is always going to be the base thing to. Right. You're a good coach and you can be personable and you can really talk to your clients and take them out of these really shitty head spaces. You're going to exceed in this realm, like, by far. But you've got to be really good at it because you can't really just do what I fucking say, coach. That's how you lose everybody. Yeah. Yeah. If you do that, it's not going to work because you're not going to be able to build that trust. And you're not going to be able to build rapport and earn the relationship. And that's it. And it's really hard to do. And then the other problem is if you're bigger, you get the more people you have. It's harder to do. And that's why I always kept it very, very lean and small and to have my group. But a lot of these coaches will get a lot of, a lot of, you know, petadours. It's insane man. Like coaches who claim they take on a hundred clients at a time. I'm like you're not giving them your role. That's how many hours of like per client. I'm, you're spending time on that person. Honestly, what happens at that point? And I'll tell you guys this because again, I was always a quality of a quality person. All right. I do it with, eVision. I do it with everything that I do with the FST7 coaching anything. It's quality of a quality. The thing that you're going to run into is you're going to have some coaches out there that have so many people that the highlight Real only becomes their top guys. Yep. Right. So it's not like, okay, I've got three people and they all got a win in each division. Right. It's about I got 30 people in the show. And I'm going to highlight my top three that look their best. And that's it. So that tends to happen when some of these men or women coaches that have a lot of people in divisions. That's what happens because you can't turn around and be able to give that type of attention that they need number one. But number two, then it just becomes a kind of a marketing marketing. Marketing. Yeah. It begins a marketing thing. So I love when coaches post like, I'll see you with like, do you know like the, some of these bodybuilding podcasts. I'm now like Andrew Barry and all them have one. I don't know. It's like the real bodybuilding I think is theirs. Okay. Like, on a story, uh, second novice overall, proud of this guy. Posted before and after. Gotcha. But then they're also coaching like I have you pro in the Olympia. Okay. You know what I mean? So it's like that's the kind of shit that I look for. Okay. You're posting all your wins, all your losses. Yeah. Like your best clients, your worst clients. You're really putting time into them. That's the another good coach. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and that's why I didn't, people, what you go, you only work on you with your cherry pick. Of course I do. I don't have that much time. Right. So if I hear the level where you get the cherry pick. Well, exactly. Yeah. You gotta remember, they're, they're also coming to me. Exactly. Right. So when they're coming to me, that's the first step. I don't go out out of my way to go pick them out. Exactly. They're coming to me. But also when I turn around and I moved here again, I told the story several times about like the David Butler's, right? I submit them at the gym. Next thing you know, he's works the front desk. He's 18 years old. He's never competed before, but he's got a decent physique. Let me see if he takes direction. Yeah. He does. You know, he's one of our e-vision athletes. Let me go ahead and help him out a little bit with some workouts. The next thing you know, you know, I want to do a show. You know, was you helped me? Sure. You know, all natural. Let's do this. Nixon, he's got stridey glutes and he does Dave Lieberman's show, which is a piss test. It's not just a polygraph. And, you know, and then he, you know, he ends up winning all the divisions that he did. And very proud of him. And being able to go back to being able to work with somebody who's a teenager, natural, and resetting, right? Just kind of getting back to your roots. Exactly. That's what I'm right back to your roots. Exactly. And like, okay, I'm here. Let me go back to doing things because I don't want to forget. What it's like to work with somebody this new or now now, you know, bringing on some to near-evision athletes. Just, you know, being able to do a workout with the trend twins and being able to do some stuff with them. Just, again, these guys are, you know, they're, they're, they appear to me and meet head. Oh, and, but they're good guys. They're, they're good guys. I mean, you've worked with them too. I mean, these guys are just all super good guys. And being able to work out with those guys and another one that's a super passionate guys that covers, right? Super passionate. We'll work out with him at the Arnold. Uh-huh. Which again, to the group, thank you man. Yeah. Pull this, pull the shorts up. 280. Yeah. They're already started. Yeah. He was peak off season. Yeah. He would lose like 20, 30 pounds just to be able to make weight. And that's why eventually he said, you know, I'm going to go ahead and do open. That's why he just wanted to, he just wanted to. Oh, did he? Absolutely. Yeah. So that's the second win. Yeah. And that, that, that is awesome. Yeah. And you look better today. He was sharp. Good. Yeah. Most likely. I would hope so. No, no. He's less advanced. Like, that's pulls you with Phil. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think he's much more, I think he's much more kind of down the road. You know, again, unless his body's tired, I don't know. Yeah. But he hasn't competed this year, right? I think it was just these shows. Yeah. Those two shows. Yeah. I just didn't know if like Stefan was like, well, we're going to make a splash top five. He'll be top 10 this year. He'll be top five. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if he'd put him in there now or wait. But it's hard to say. Yeah. I think he could just ask him. Yeah. Either way. I think it's one of those things. But I think he's going to end up doing it. Yeah. I think so. Just because two pro wins, you beat some decent guys. Yeah. Why not? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look up saying his arms as we point him like guys, have you seen him for weeks out? Yeah. This is our own part small. Right. They're small whenever he'd please. Yeah. For the show. Exactly. And even his legs get depleted. Yeah. He looks smaller. Yeah. Right. So like there's so much bigger when you don't have a weight cap. Is he a quitting in person? No. He's insanely huge. It's obnoxious. And her arms and legs to quence today. Like same size. Yeah. Actually, no, I take that back. I think he was a he's the show. He did that. Yeah. Yeah. He's like six one. Yeah. It's casual. Like between two times a size of mine and minder of noxious. It's crazy man. He's a big boy. And there's did not look small on it. So at all. Well, like I said, two wins. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't matter. It's pretty cool. Yeah. That is very cool. Yeah. But I'm sure he wants to go in there and mix it up. You know, the other option would be whether or not he would just take some time and then maybe go to the Arnold. That's another option. Right. It's hard to shut it down and say, OK, let me shut it down and cut the Arnold. Get the 750. Yeah. Yeah. Well, a million. Is it a million? Well, it's 750 and then the other shows 250 to me. It's later. Oh, wow. That's right. Yeah. You're going to go to the open. No. I couldn't handle it. Yeah. That drive me nuts. I couldn't live with that bodyweight man. Yeah. Doing what I do. Absolutely not. That's why I captured it. It's like I tried to open push like two years ago. Yeah. Went up in the supplements and everything. And I was like, I can't communicate with people properly. Right. And I was like, I'm going to go to the neuro toxicity. You just felt a groggy. Yeah. Breathing heavy all the time. Yeah. You don't want to. You don't want to. Yeah. I got to think of my family. I'm good. That's what a lot of people realize. You got to stick to what you're good at. Mm. That's it. Yep. Yeah. And I pounds to put on for the classic cap. Yeah. Just a two-nineteen. I mean, my low-end was like I said to 12. Yeah. Yeah. And you've already put on since a year ago when we trained together here, you put on a good eight to ten pounds of tissue. And it's not today. Yeah. When we did arms, just the fullness through the chest, shoulders, the arms, the back is better. You know, I was a big week point before, which you've caught up on quite a bit. Ligs is wrong. Well, I remember the arms and back, man. After we trained last year, I was like, this is, I'm emphasizing this. So yeah. It was good. Yeah. No. It's been fantastic. But looking into it now, it's stuck a little bit about the Olympia coming up. Yeah. Right. So I'm sorry. Three weeks this week and coming up next. Yeah. We just hit the four week mark two days ago. How do you feel about the top five? What do you think? Um, open? Yeah. Yes. Let's talk about classic first because we'll talk about your division, and then we'll go back to open. Yeah. I think, uh, man, if you don't give it a chance, let me surprise. They're just really like him. I think, he's a great ambassador for the sport. Mike too as well. Obviously, Mike is going to be very hard to be with how he's looking. He's out in Vegas right now. Yep. We're going to catch up and do a couple sessions together before the Olympia. Nice. And, uh, I mean, him and Neil are just nailing it. They're freaking nailing it. Mm-hmm. Between Mike and Terence, it'll be a good toss-up. But again, I think, uh, Jose, it was the dark horse I really do. Like, I don't. His improvements are crazy, man. He's gone a lot. And he's so receptive to feedback that he's even asked me about like posing. Mm-hmm. And I was like, if you just point your toe out a little bit on your left leg, you will have so much more quads we've been in. He did and he's like, oh shit. Right. And I was like, yeah. And it looks in a compelite day. So I think he would take so things to the Olympia. Because to be honest, I thought he beat Terence. Yeah. It's his conditioning. It's hard to look away from. Right. It's like the hotty shit. Yeah. You can't look away from him. Right. It's so just a granite. He's like, what's the guy that passed away? The crazy lingo. He's like 2.0 that guy. I can't remember. Yeah. Mike something. I can't remember. Yeah. It was an Italian guy, I think. Yeah, just crazy shredded. Who's like the lingo sky of all time. Oh, the younger kid. Yeah. Oh, yeah. But this guy. Yeah. Yeah. And then Mike and Terence and the remote. Yeah. I don't see a remote. Beating these guys. I don't. He just did some posing with Steve. And Steve was like, look, man, you're doing stuff that is just making you look worse. So hopefully he takes that in consideration. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was doing like a cruise ship. Yeah. Yeah. He was doing like a cruise ship. Steve was like cut it out. If he can get his posing down this year, maybe. But I think remote is one of those guys that needs to push to the open. Yeah. I really do. Yeah. He's like an earth. He loses so much size coming down. And he you seem in the offseason. It's. I don't know. It's like, what am I looking at? So. And then, who do you have in fifth? I mean, again, now that earth is in there, you know, now that earth is moved up to the open. And that top five, I think there's just. It can go so many different ways. You have some guys that are just really on the cuss. I think Matt Grego is guy that's on the cuss. You know, I think he he's right up there. I think that like you said, Terrence looks really, really good. I think that it's going to be interesting. Mike obviously is phenomenal. And he's going to be with you. And he's going to be with you. So, you know, he's going to be with you. So, you know, he's going to be with you. And he's going to be with you. Yeah. I mean, I mean, obviously he's not going to shoot for that. Yeah. He's going to try to shoot to peak. Oh, it's best, right? But I do think that this year will dictate whether or not he's going to stay in class or going to open. I agree. I agree. I agree. Yeah. And he else it. I think he will. He'll stay. If he doesn't. And it's just his body gets to depleted. I have like this toss of my head with like Logan. Mm-hmm. Oh, that's right. Logan was another one. Yeah. I think it's. Yeah. I think he can be. I think he can be. Be up there in the top five. I just, you know, and he's been focusing on his quadsweep. Mm-hmm. Because that's where he was lacking the most. Because his upper body looks really good. I just think his quadsweep. And then now that he's getting his conditioning dialed in. Yeah. I think it looks really, really good. He's another guy from the back. It's like you see the hamstrings. And it's hard to look away from. Yeah. And I'm very impressive. Like at the Arnold, I was like, holy shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I guarantee there's a couple that we're forgetting about right now that are going to be right up there and that first call out because I believe it. I believe it. I mean, I mean, I'm gonna call it. 100%. Everybody's. Now, what do you think about the new point thing? The point. I love it. Yeah. More than 30 guys on stage, just ridiculous. Yeah. It'll be 32 now. Yeah. I said a 58 or whatever. Yeah. It was 58. Two years ago. We had 58 because the. It was 56 this year. I, I don't know. How many it is, but two years ago, it was 58 or 59 because Chris, you know, the reigning Sterling. Yeah. The reigning Olympia winner goes last. Yep. And he was number like 58 59. And I'm like, what is this? And there he's like, I don't know. It helped him. Because when he came out in the comparison, he looked worse than when you brought him back because I watched this videos. Huh? You brought him back. I don't remember what you did. You gave him something. Yeah. And like food wise. Yeah. I don't completely different person. Yeah. I was like, okay, we're he's going to win. But when he came out for the comparisons, it was like, man, he looked a little flat. Yeah. But then I watched his video and I saw all why and what happened. Yeah. It was like, okay, that makes sense. Yeah. So when you brought him back, I was like, up, that's over. Yeah. We had me get some changes real quick. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, well, matter. Just going on. I'm looking. No. I don't like this. Yeah. Let's go. Let's go a little bit. Yeah. And then plus transitions of coming out off the stage. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it's the point systems amazing. Yeah. I think it's good to. I talked about the other day on podcast and I said, I think that it's long overdue because you need to be able to mitigate the amount of judging fatigue. Yeah. Right. I mean, these poor judges, Steve, Sandy, Tyler, everybody, right? They're just saying they're. And also the crowd and the energy and the flow and everything else. It's like, it's like when we do it at the USA's. Yeah. They used to have to have a cut. Yep. And so what had happened is they would only bring the top 15 back. Yeah. So they would look at everybody and say, OK, these are the names for the top 15. Now we're going to do comparisons. Right. And then they would bring them back. Yeah. And that's it. You didn't make the cut. You didn't get all the comparisons. You only got the first initial ones. And then they would they would short form it. Yeah. Just put check marks next to the names of the top 15. Give the last names of the name 15. OK. Now you guys go back on stage and now let's compare. That's pretty. Yeah. So now you're getting to do that in a way. Yeah. I think like judging for cheapening especially. I think that's you're right. That's very smart. And it poor open guys. Yep. Well, time to get to open. It's like 11 12 o'clock at night. And saying. And I think that's one of the reasons why also the Arnold has, you know, didn't have that. Because it's invite only. Right. So it's not 60 people in the class. It's invite only. So now you'll be able to get a lot of those things where, you know, the strengths of what me the Arnold. A little bit flow better because of the less number of people. And now I think you're going to be able to get that going next. I agree. Yeah. So. Having it at that 30 32 whatever it is. Yes. Brilliant. Brilliant. Okay. Go out there. Not 60. I don't know. A few guys at one one show will still go. Sure. But there will be a few guys who don't have enough points. Even if they want to show and it's like, well, competing. Get on stage. Probably a little bit of you. You can get a couple points. So you make it otherwise you're not going. Yeah. You got to balance it out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to open. Right. We talked a little bit about it because we got. Where's your top five? Yeah. I obviously depends on all the visas stuff. Yeah. Right. Sure. Which unfortunately is insanely stressful for him because. He can he's usually 100% but you can tell the stress of that like. Sure. But hoties obviously up there. Yeah. I generally think this is Nick Walker's year and not just because he's. I help him with this stuff. Yeah. But he is currently 286 and a boy. That's huge. Reddits. Yeah. His check-ins right now are like. Dude. Crazy. It's better than Pittsburgh better than New York. 286. He was 275 for Pittsburgh in New York. Wow. And so he was 275. Was it what was the weight difference between Pittsburgh and New York? I think that they brought him down. A pound or two. Okay. It might have been up a pound. No, it was down. It was down one pound or two. He was 275. Yeah. On stage. Wow. And he's 286 right now and he's feeding. Right. Because he's so lean. So he's just ripping. What are you going to do? Yeah. How are you going to beat Nick Walker with 10 more pounds of muscle? Right. It's daunting to look at man. Like because everybody came off and maybe he would have two because of the flow of the show. Yeah. The midnight crap that they pulled. Maybe he would have been off to. But if everybody came in how they did last two years, Nick would have won both of those ones. You can't look away from it. It's like a statue. Yeah. The only issue is that they docked Nick away way harder on his midsection. Yeah. If you don't keep it in the whole time, I don't care how heavy Derek's breathing. You're losing. Right. So Derek's up there. Of course Derek has one of the most phenomenal physique of all time. Yeah. He's right up there with like a fill he 3D look. A beautiful physique. So like Derek, hotty, Nick, Samson. Like it's just like it can go anyway. Yeah. And with open it's so much harder to peek those guys to see who's truly going to like bring it on the day. Yeah. Samson's most recent guest posing. He was really flat, which tells me he's pushing for a condition. Yeah. Which is what he needs. Yep. So if he can fill back up with that conditioning he's getting now. Yeah. I don't know who's being that. Yeah. That's really good structure. Yeah. So if you can come in shape shape, like Samson's the guy. Because they love that. They love that shape. They love the conditioning shape combo. Yep. It's tough man. I don't even know if I can give an order. Yeah. It's tough to give an order whenever every variable. And you know because you coach half these guys at the top level. Yeah. Everything matters. It does. You can look this much worse. And that puts you from first to fifth. Yeah. Yeah. So you peek two hours earlier and you can hold the peak because of the 10 11 p.m. Prejudging. Yeah. I think Andrew's up there. I think the other person you had to think about too is I think you're not just impressed me. Yeah. I think I think Gito is going to be also a person. Yeah. I think he could be. I just would love to see what he looks like next to these people. I don't know. I got to just see what you know. I definitely have him in the top 10. Yeah. Me too. Top 10 for sure. But also. I would put Bayhorus in there. But you know. If Bayhorus can get in. That would be in there. And he would be in that five six category. I think that you have a lot of really good guys up in that area. And then if they don't give them the visa or even you know like we talked about Prague right when we were working out. We said that's going to be tough. Interesting. Because I think Keyon was talking about going into Prague open right. And being able to do that show. We were so obviously do it. Yes. Then Bayhorus would obviously do it and be able to go in there and blast and get on stage and take out some of this frustration. Especially if he didn't doesn't get his visa. And then that's a thing too. But he can do the Arnold right. Nope. International. Nope. He can do the Arnold in the UK if he gets the UK but not the US because any time you have to come to the US it's the same time for visa. I guess if he gets it like close to after the Olympics like potentially could happen. Passive Arnold's a good. Yeah. It's possible. Yeah. It's possible again. Again, every I touched on this on the last podcast when I just did it like a little update. It was an update on how to eat and stuff. It's you don't know what you don't know about what they're looking at right. I mean, he's been in review for the last one three years for years right. And so we don't know what that situation is. I think that but going back to Prague, I think that he would jump into Prague obviously because again that shouldn't be a problem getting a visa to go there and then you know him versus key on versus you know if errs ends up doing it just because I think errs had you know was was talking about possibly doing something. Yeah. I just again, depending on what what his next episode or two, I don't know who else. I know Martin was there last year. Obviously Chris is not. Do you think Andrew before Martin? I think if Martin is on. Then he go Martin Andrew. He'll beat Andrew because Andrew just doesn't have yet the consistency. I think Martin is one of those guys that depending on how it goes. If he beats perfect, he could crack the top three. Yeah. I think it also depends on who is also not perfect. Exactly. That's the other thing. I open this crazy. Yeah. Open this so fun to watch. Yeah. Like you know, it's we all know classics at Glutcho. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Open is just like everything. Yeah. And I love it. Yeah. I'd go to. Yeah. We all started this because we love body building. Yeah. Yeah. That's why they get to pay the big bucks. It's cool. Yeah. So what else is going on right now? Is there anything else that you have there in regards to projects? I know you do in micro doing a lot of stuff. Is there anything else coming up? We got a lot of filming out of the Olympia. We're going to be doing collabs out there. I think that another one potentially with half the orange stuff. So we've filming out of a small and Jim and Vegas. The whole whole Olympia week. So if you guys run into us, come see what's up. Yeah. We'll probably meet it. Which one is going to be out? Like the strip barbell. Okay. And cult. And cult fitness. We'll probably film there a little bit. I mean, we'll be at all the gems. You know what I mean? We're going to go book. Can Mike's train now 100%. Ish. Yeah. He's not training legs hard, but he's training legs. Okay. So he's going through the. He's doing a lot of body weight lunges. He's doing some hamstring curls and things that need to. Stuff that's not like holding onto the bar and like stretching too bad. But I think he's basically 100% training now. When I'm at the Olympia, I'll be like basically health full health phase. Yeah. So I'm going to do like three times a week training and just like. Nothing like we did today. No, like we did today. You'll be good for a while. Yeah. We'll be good at it. We're going to be a high protein synthesis for about three weeks. We're going to do nice. We got that. Yeah. But yeah, we'll be doing that. And then we just got, you know, bunch of clubs and stuff and training and dieting, Aberdean really well. So we're just continuing to push that. And maybe a couple of projects that have more to do with machines or gyms. Potentially. Okay. Detroit. You know, so we'll see. Yeah. Yeah. We got a lot of things that are. Potentially happening soon. And it's going to be good, man. It's going to be good here. That's awesome. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. And I mean, you know, like I said, I cannot wait to show everybody this work out. So if you haven't had chances to see the workout, I mean, definitely go check out the workout that you're an I put together today for arms. And then we will definitely be talking a lot between now and the Olympia. Yeah. And get together hopefully at least one day. Yeah. While we're out there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got a podcast. You know, out there. Like I said, like, you just let me know. Okay. You guys can get in there. So I want to do one out there. Maybe I'll work out with Mike. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. I'll force him to. I'll do it with him. Hell yeah. That would be fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to just tell him you're 20 is better than it is. We love torture and Mike. We do follow Jared on his social media. He's got all the different channels. He's got YouTube. He's got Instagram. He's got everything going on. And he's always, you know, sharing a ton of stuff. Between all of the different collaborations he's constantly doing. And I appreciate you coming out really. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, this is two hours of sleep. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have better podcasts in the future. Yeah. I'll see more things. I know your exhausted roles. Let's go get you some sleep. Get you a meal. Get you some sleep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You'd better. That's the truth.

=== FILE: Ep.136  Debunking Science Based Lifting with Jared Feather [_RZGLDvVy9E].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm here with none other than the Jared Feather, my training partner, extraordinary yesterday. Yes. I was coaching your memory. Yes, that's right. That's right. And social media. Do you two a sound play? If you have a few of them. I just did a post on Instagram and of him and I training and motivation Monday post, right? And for this, you did, I didn't miss it. One of the first comments was something along the lines of, yeah, I don't have shit to teach you. Yeah, something that teaches me. Right. I don't want to rip into the guy because clearly he was a fan of both of us. Yeah, he literally started with that. But I was like, guy, we're training together, man. He's asking me to like, yeah, he put me through. Yeah, I literally had to tell you that too. I think I ripped into you. So it's like he said, man, it helped me out here. I'll give you a brawl. You know, help me out. Give me some, give me a, give me a, give me a, give me a, give me a, give me a couple of, they're these next couple of forced reps. Yeah, and not even to that, like, honey, Zego's and so big that he thinks that he can learn nothing from me. Absolutely. That's why we're doing a podcast. Well, we're doing a podcast, but we're also like, even in the gym, right? I'm going back and there's a lot of things that I forgot to apply to myself and so I'm trying to solve and console. It is. And I'm also constantly picking up cues for myself. Because me on the outside in working out, it's a different feeling, right? different feeling because I'm going in and I'm working with the top athletes but I don't train my younger athletes like Olympia athletes because they're recovery and their ability to be able to process that kind of weight is very very different and then it's also the other way around too. A younger athlete sometimes have to be able to get basic biomechanics where if you have somebody who's got really good biomechanics then it's just being able to really kind of target a certain position in a certain amount of load in a certain in a certain extra size where a young athlete is just trying to get the basics of the time I always attribute this back to the golf swing right you want to learn good habits of proper range of motion right for full range of motion but also being able to increase intensity with modifiers that you can be able to increase intensity with but learning those things early on Jared right is what's key because if you learn bad habits just like a bad golf swing it's really hard to remap and retrain. Like you say when you stay out for a long time you forget cues you give your athletes and even ones that you held to yourself for so long and you're like, when I was trading hotly last year for the Olympia had this issue with his row that had I just remembered that cue that Jared just said I totally forgot that I used to do that but that was a cue I used to say all the time and I forgot it because I started using this other cue for someone else right and now I don't use anymore and I'm not remembered and now you so it's like training partners are amazing for that yeah reason yeah there's more say something to me when I'm doing a movement and I'm like oh shit I didn't realize my shoulder roll forward on that curl or whatever it may be right yeah you know it's also like when you go into the gym right it doesn't matter if you're listening to this podcast it doesn't matter how advanced you are if you go into a gym or you go on a YouTube page and you see an exercise that you have not done for 10 or 15 years right I mean I know I'll give you one right now one that I'm really aching to do again and I haven't done it for with my clients for I don't know it's been a little bit of time or my self for a long period of time are using cables for rear right using cables for rear adults right so if you're doing you know rear cable extensions you know you can do a row or you can turn around and just let's just save the cable crossover right or you know do in the narrow cable crossover or put on a machine where I'm just grabbing the rope with no de-handles nothing and you're just doing those doing that type of thing versus constantly going over and doing bend over a ladder raises or doing a reverse fly is one thing but you know just hitting some different angles or doing bend over and you're doing them at the same time in the crossover machine doing bend over ladder raises but you're doing both hands at the same time and again getting a really good contraction through hand you tend to kind of forget things sometimes and you see somebody utilizing something at the gym or wherever and you go oh shit I've been doing that in a long time because you kind of get in the same kind of groove and so being able to go forward to as a coach programming certain aspects of somebody's program I'll put some movements in and I'm like why did I put that pull day two days prior to their leg day and I was like oh yeah because there's some overlap and soreness of the spinal director so I did a vertical pull this day because of this and sometimes you just forget that stuff and you program it so repetitively you're like you look back at programs like why did I do that again you got to constantly check yourself over and over and make sure that you're on top of your shit it's same with techniques same with what you're saying so you know I think back to the comment I really set ways nice into the podcast and what we're going to talk about today because we kind of have a structure and I'll flow this um if you want to give a brief what we're going to chat about and then I think what you have about whatever you want I'm just gonna I've got free range of kind of go off today guys yeah and I don't get insanely we got to do your it's going to go over the Q&A because we did it right up yes yes we can do that at some point when everyone do it but I have those questions that came over on Instagram because I'll probably answer a lot of them in my rant especially if Aaron was going to Aaron we're going to we're going to have to charge Aaron a consulting fee right so you know Aaron just asking questions actually because he wants to know Aaron knows what is is our athlete right and um he's my training partner and he's already one of our urgent athletes and it's funny because when we put the Q&A up and I go okay sometimes somebody will ask one question two questions maybe three he's asked 14 14 questions and there all the signals will get to your auntie yeah he knows it was awesome so we'll definitely have to pull at least one or two from from his uh yeah and I think uh that's perfect and uh if you know mine like yeah just back to the comment I think it's a great kind of segue into what I think the entire kind of format of this podcast is going to be anyway and that's um this is a social media platform yep Instagram TikTok you name it yep and there's just a plethora of insanely misguided misinformation out there and I think that comes from the fact that platforms like TikTok have changed the name of the game when it comes to popularity when it comes to growing up in a day and age where you have access to information but you have low attention span because you're still child and if you're not polarizing you don't have these dichotomies you don't place people on camps and even if they're not in camps themselves you don't make what is catchy you don't make what is going to you bring you views and because your only concern is blowing up on social media because you're 17-18-19-year-old kid um you lean into that shit hard and you get these catchy things and think I'm gonna give a list of a few and I'm gonna honestly probably just explain why they're wrong because people need to hear the actual science and this is the truth podcast yep yeah just can see this is built up bro I can tell you have no idea what you're yeah you said you got some stuff to talk about so I'm a guy who you know to my own home or whatever have mastered degrees I have the access as information I'm on papers with Brad Showan Feld who's a lead high-pipartary expert in this industry I review his data and literature I do RP with Dr. Mike Isrtle I like we know we're talking about but that's not my job I'm not here to say I'm the fucking man right I'm here to teach people so I dump shit down I make it layman says thing dumb because people aren't dumb they just don't understand it the level that I do right I make it so layman that people understand and that's why it's catching on and that's why we have 4 million subs but then you have TikTok kid who's saying terminology so incorrectly that I spend 10 years of school on better and they're misusing the terminology to fear longer people into doing something that doesn't make sense okay so I can list a couple I'll talk about first I'll talk about a demon action you've probably seen that and then I'll talk about let's say EMG so I'll talk about you do a demon first this is just for an example so that people understand okay people on TikTok and once these kids who see high volume especially in bodybuilders who are taking antibiotics they say well all those studies of high volume or just a demon acting version foremost a demon is a medical term where fluid builds up in the interstitials base okay it's not a demon they're talking about cellular swelling which as a scientist we don't use the word a demon for that okay we use muscle soreness and muscle damage leading to an inflammation response that's not a demon a demon is in the interstitial space right so you read that and because it's catchy and some kid goes within two seconds of a rants on TikTok those studies are just a demon acting the wrong here's the mechanistic data and mechanistic data can only create hypotheses which I'll also talk about you start seeing people really lean away from doing any sort of meaningful volume especially as like an intermediate to advanced lifter you gotta do more and what they mean to say and this is only a valid critique on studies that are like one or two weeks long which in research we have a very very intensive process to make sure we rule out like you don't think we thought about muscle soreness and damage and making sure we can read data properly and get the actual circle like they think it's circle plasma hypertrophy which is building up damage and stuff aside the tissue yeah like we have to make sure that we're seeing my favorite hypertrophy in these studies and we have a very intensive process to go about that most of these studies are age 12 weeks and they're what are called longitudinal studies so you're seeing a lot of people come at scientists with mechanistic data like mechanical tension is mechanistic it's done in vitro or in an in a lab somewhere and it's done in a rodent model and they try to apply mechanistic data specifically to what we do and all the longitudinal data suggests that most of the things they're saying about mechanistic data is incorrect that's a mechanistic data leads to hypotheses and then we can apply that to longitudinal studies of eight to 12 weeks longer sure can I'm honest yeah please I don't want to cut you off but I look I think a lot of listeners are basically getting I want to kind of create a little of the layman's terms of what you're talking about please what from again you are so ramped up before we started on this project and you want to go deep into this yeah but I do think that that's exactly because I want to be able to create the platform to be able to share with the audience no matter if you're a coach because again we have a lot of coaches at listen but we also have just you know regular PT's you know all the way down to just the I've a gym and just right but I do think that a lot of people are taking the information that you're mentioning and they're kind of loading it up and not realizing kind of the damage they're doing to the audience and what they're doing is they're trying to create their narrative whatever that may be with a little bit of information because people have to use paraphrasing and that paraphrasing is a TikTok post has been done and just a couple minutes max and then they're trying to share this information right so all the science guys are saying that you know they're like okay this is this is science and there's no other way and they're you know there's that's another rant yeah that's that's something we can talk about but I do think that I just want to create a little bit of simplicity for the listeners is that you can be able to explain kind of you know because again I know your brain's going in million miles an hour because you have so many things you want to discuss but is it is this specific subject more about the it lack of just formatting of the information that they're sharing I wish okay I wish it is unfortunately about parody and these kids don't actually understand the mechanisms which is why so like I'm going to dive in okay I'm going to dive in and inform them because they need to hear it those kids need to hear what they're saying wrong the coaches need to understand counter arguments to their positions because a kid's going to come on there and he's going to regard in kids are so good at regurgitate the information right they're so good they're parody worth 30 and 40 yeah we don't have that we our brains don't work that way anymore right right for me but yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but uh but you're right it's a parody right so exactly but good as a man I mean I'm not a man I'm not a man I'm a man I was 12 and like 10 minutes you know I had to yeah and and that parody is dangerous right and I think what do you think is the number one problem with parody when it comes to that exact point of the TikTok rant that someone's giving out well what do you think don't encourage peek about stupid it leads to being so insanely objective or so sorry so insanely absolute in your statements that other people who like that type of content rage-bading bullshit latch onto it and they do the same thing and that catch is on like wild fun and everybody's trying to grow the social media right so you got to want you kids rage-bading and parodying the same shit but they're confident that's the cause they actually think that's the truth but it's not that's the truth that's right and that's why I say like you know so back to the rage-bading thing honestly you know cause what's a demon action is a rage-bading thing right but they believe it so I'm trying to explain like researchers go about longitudinal studies which just mean long form studies on human beings which is how we actually get the high-purchasing research that this the research says this because of this so when you said science based they're not they're not at all well no they they categorize themselves they do right and the issue is that evidence based practitioner is something you've done for your whole fucking career right and it should it should it should make you somewhat upset but we have to provide information in a non-obset manner and that doesn't that doesn't get the views right so you see all this other shit so you're in your evidence space cause you're anecdotal yep you have looked the science you have degrees and you can say well the science is saying this anecdotally I'm experiencing this well the literature not even the science because science is all of it right the the literature is saying this my anecdotes say this where's that happy medium I'm gonna apply this in the gym and see how it works and then boom 20 how do you know the Olympia's you have 25 25 Olympia's okay so honey is an evidence-based practitioner literally you are what is science based the kids saying science based are basing that on the fact that they think all longitudinal data all studies on humans that are showing diverge if he are based on a demon and that's why I brought that one up specifically and mechanistic data is the only thing that tells us what's going on which is insanely inaccurate because a mechanism by the way I had not seen this so I'm I haven't seen it because again yeah so I haven't seen so yeah I'm trying to busy making results yeah so just a clarification they're saying that the adema is what leads to the to do the study reporting growth got you and it's a valedicateek for a one or two weeks study but as you know what happens when you do a movement from repeated bounce the repeated bout effect decreases damage yeah so by eight to twelve weeks not only have we had the repeat about effect we also take muscle biopsies which show my offibral hypertrophy so most these studies have two methods at which they are or a lot of studies do right two methods at which they are measuring the result okay MRI scan or ultrasound so these are tools that we actually use because I don't even think they know this shit I really don't it's crazy to me and muscle biopsies you you stick a needle and wholesome shit out and you've seen that you biology degrees yeah and you can't that that's not adema it's not what that is when I'm measuring that right and even those studies show a higher volume being better for muscle growth but because there's a mechanism that they see like let's say mechanical tension which they also fluff up and I could totally get into that on podcast to them share it's in the questions because they see that they're like well it's just adema and the only thing that matters is mechanical tension and then they only not that they misconstrued what mechanical tension is by replacing it with the word weight on the bar because that's all they know which is not mechanical tension there's passive and active forces going on there and the rule out longitudinal data completely and only use mechanisms and that's not how it works mechanisms lead hypotheses that lead to longitudinal studies we can then perform on people and use the appropriate tools and go through the appropriate peer reviewed process this is reviewed by our peers people who have more education than me and if they see one thing wrong with the study they're like what about that that's that's not how you do that and that's reviewed by many people and you have 17 year old kids saying that these studies are completely wrong because they learn that muscle damage exists and sarcoplasma hypertrophy might exist we measure my fibroly hypertrophy with muscle biopsy and MRI scans and all this other stuff right you can't say that this whole thing is wrong because you know how you know how a potential mechanism works done in a rat model that's close my mind so you got to know that's I mean I really get caught up I'm just fascinated because people that are trying to be science based take one little yeah well issue yeah there what's happening is they're they're allowing the audience to be able I mean it's not even that it's really just misinformation at that point because what you're doing is you're just trying to justify your cause and effect by finding one thing and saying okay this is all wrong right and this is one of the reasons why it's very fascinating to me what kind of error we're in in the body building you know bodybuilding great yeah well bodybuilding swing great I'm saying is that the bodybuilders are more science based than those guys now well that's but I think but the pendulum always swings far the other way because in the very beginning stages of this during social media it was you know just basing it basically looking at like the mic mentor right and going okay it's absolute you know like there is no absolute right that's the one thing about it is there are no absolute when you go there's more than one way to skin a cat and you have to turn around and figure out what works for best for you like what we talked about how is your friend can you're frame handle doing a power lifting power building bodybuilding base or you know like a branch Warren and a Ronnie Coleman and Johnny Jackson or are you gonna have to be more of a Phil Heath who again didn't have the joints for tiny little wrists you know super round muscle belly you know what I found about that because you use the analogy is gonna cat do you know what the cat is the cat it's enjoyment that's the cat because there's better ways to skin the cat but you're not gonna skin the cat if you can't be consistent that's true and if people could just figure out the volume to relative effort which we call RAR reps and reserve to loading on the bar if they could just figure out that relationship and find what they enjoy your gun-a-make progress man yeah like Ronnie Coleman enjoyed pulling triples and then he would go to a whole in-back workout and it was probably the volume that actually made the muscle yeah what do you like the triples and did that reduce the amount of volume he could do fucking hell it did yeah but he loved it and it was for the love of the game and he's the biggest bodybuilder that's ever existed likely with the most condition the most muscle and most condition on stage ever likely and if you could just break it down as a coach yeah and and know what your client enjoys you then have the tools and your mind as a coach to program around it like my client loves heavy fucking weight yeah so I know that he loves heavy weight and he loves going to failure if I give him 10 sets her body part procession he's gonna die unless here's another variable I do all isolation movements now you can do more volume so as a coach you gotta know how to program around the fulfillment enjoyment of the client if you have high effort and your closer to failure and you have high loads less volume most likely and you gotta pick smarter variations or your clients blowing some shit off if you have high volume in a moderate effort like you're getting like two in the tank or something or sorry a high loads with a moderate effort you do leave some reps in the tank and stuff you're still gonna be able to do moderate volumes likely and maybe more a few more heavy compounds because you do leave reps in the tank you leave them there and that's probably a little better than just going all out of the time like we've talked about but it doesn't matter if the client doesn't like it so who cares yeah and then if you have a pretty decent relative effort to in the tank most most of the time and you have decent loads so what we talk about in research that five to thirty rep range all causes high-purture be very similar well then you can reach into that seven to fifteen rep range and include some sets of thirty periodically and you can do what I would say is the best case scenario to grow muscle and that's moderate to higher volume with a decent relative effort with a decent amount of load that's able to stimulate hypertrophy and that's probably best case scenario if I was gonna be nitpicky and that's my own interpretation of the research my own right I'm not gonna tell you you're wrong if you can do that you're probably growing more muscle in the offseason I I'm pretty sure about that but that's me as a researcher that's me as a scientist and if my client hates that I had really two ups and the tank I got ten sets of arms today three days later I've tinted to arms I just want to list heavy shit man if I can't be a coach and that's the problem with most researchers is there's there's not there are there are socially awkward and all I have doing that shit just like doctors yeah so you know doctors that are really so amazing that's what they're having right but you've breached the gap right you're both you're fucking nerd like and you're not scared to say that yeah and you're damn good and you've noticed those trends in your clients like you you said I did this with Phil and Jay and I did this with hotty and I guarantee you the volumes looked very different and the cat was enjoyment yeah if it wasn't for enjoyment and the cat was the cat that possibly could have it and here and trade right so if you want to get them to adhere to the program they got to feel there you know bucket list right so hotty is a weight guy yeah he's the closest thing I've ever coached to Ronnie Coleman in terms of like somebody who wants to just crazy train heavy be able to do walking lunges with two or three plates to you know and and you told me in conversation what I like to get that down and him not do that yeah 100% would he like the program no no so it's like then when he comes he slows down then when he comes into the gym it slows down but if you say I still like just completely blows my mind that he still likes to go back to some of those lists that they got for injury resilience right yeah exactly exactly so again when you have someone like that you're trying to reprogram them and remapping a reprogram is very very difficult and you can't go from apple to android but you can try to do many things within the apple or android environment and that's the thing so if you turn around and you're not going to turn a diesel truck into you know and eighty eighty five or ninety three octane mapping so some right you see there you just got your head and you're like dude this is what gets him going right he needs to feel like he's lifting enough weight he needs to do enough volume but I remember like you know again speaking about hotty like two hours twice a day was the workout he had to do it he went to open after we cut it to one workout a day because just pure volume he just body was just so broken down and he thought he was going to failure so often had he not done that maybe would have been fine and he would have grown even more but he wouldn't have enjoyed it so maybe he wouldn't have grown even more yeah but he actually saw that and then what happened he started to grow because now he's spending less time in the gym in more time growing you know but I go you're sitting there just completely annihilating and you're not doing anything to be able to help yourself and taking the time off even right now still taking the time off is very hard for him yeah right so he wants to go six days a week seven days a week he wants to go and he's like no you got it back off but it's again it's an accosiation awesome negotiation yeah with a lot of clients it is man yeah some clients are like just tell me what they'll do and that's when I lean into my like well here's how I would do it right because I think it probably provides them those growth and even then maybe they're like this exercise sucks man and if I change a heavy compound to an isolation I have room to play other in other places and then the coach you got to know that kind of stuff right okay well we knock down three sets of squats that gets rid of so much fatigue because now you're just in four sets of legic symptoms well now we could probably do a set of leg presses in there too if you want to try that yeah and you just kind of understand those things as a coach yeah like you can't just be so absolute on social media it's just I hate it man yeah but I think the coaches are they just no so it's been just selling programs yeah most of them selling programs yeah it's crazy to me that's crazy get my program also you can strap yourself into a machine and wear a ball gag and fucking like whatever they do handle a little bit yeah I can talk about that too man that's that's another rant like let's talk about the de-handles we'll talk about the reason people using these things these supplements is because it's based on a bunch of a mechanism by the way an EMG surface EMG which most intelligent researchers tend to not use anymore okay surface EMG is a measure how how are are some of these studies you're talking about right now because it's interesting me just figure out that what is this like old there's been made analysis there's been made analyses as early as 2019 and what of made analyses is a forest plot with all the studies on this specific topic okay on one side is this outcome on the other side is this outcome that shows every study that leads to this one and then there's probably not so many on this side and you see okay so there's a trending of the study yeah so there's 20 studies that say and they're longitudinal and they're potentially within subject design which means if I do something on this leg and then something on this leg we're trying to see what the outcome difference is and you can see all that on the forest plot it's amazing as I made analyses are so cool right and it rules out any argument against basically the stronger case okay but there's early 2019 so so the D handles going to the D handles so there are people with private labs who use surface EMG to come to a conclusion on purpose I hope they're not malicious or like doing it to like misguide people but they're using sure same EMG which measures neural activity and there are so many arguments against surface EMG that the blows won't mind that people do this because there's noise from other muscles that can get in the way and surface EMG so I'll explain since do you know what it is? no I this is a patch you put on a muscle and then it's connected to a machine and it measures kind of what they think is firing muscle firing this is firing but from the nervous system got started from the muscle it's what's being innovated okay and when you have really deep penated muscles you you hardly can even get signal from them but you can get signal from surrounding muscle it's here okay but they're using it to what are they doing I want to talk to you about this D handle yeah yeah they're using it to correlate strong neural activity to mechanical tension I'm mechanical tension is the primary driver for hypertrophy right it's not measuring that it's measuring neural activity so is the data that they're getting and is basically that they're getting better connectivity through using a D handle yes so there's tons of issues another issue is that you can't I could do this okay with my bicep and squeeze the fuck out of it yeah and the EMG is going to read a bunch a bunch of activity going on right and then I can just relax my bicep and do this and you push as hard as you can on my bicep for my e-centric yeah and this will have more measurement than this then what do you think would actually cause your growth a hundred knee squeeze in my arm like this or this absolutely yeah yeah so about tension you can't measure the passive forces or the e-centrics on most surface EMGs okay and you're missing a huge portion because all the longitudinal data suggest that deep stretch and using that to your benefit for muscle growth is very important so when you're using that's why you see kids with the de-handles do they're literally doing just concentricks now and dropping e-centrics because they think that this mechanistic data is more important than what it actually means to have mechanical tension because it's the passive and active forces. That's just my mind. They're just encouraging I'm a scientist I know these things yeah and I don't understand why they're so confident men because I don't even talk like this on on my stuff I don't go this in depth because I hate talking over people's heads man it's like it's called and this is a funny word people can now use sisquestpedalian it's a big fancy mumble jumble word on purpose because it literally just means using big words to get around an argument yeah that's why they named the word what it is like how do you say that what is that like what's that cat back in the day what's his name so vester you know how he talked that was a that was the bird tweet yeah that I thought the biggest thing is the fact that I think that it's we nailed it when you said a rage bait they're taking bits and pieces to be able to do it and they're never going to do it with somebody who is doesn't have a big right oh they specifically do it to people have big following right because of the trending yes it's the trending because they know that the big following you're going to even if they have supporters on the other side for the person that they're trying to rage bait in they'll jump in honey this podcast is going to get rage bait yeah oh let it yeah let's go one hundred percent but honey and they're leaving us started with this honey and Jared Feather are so stupid they said yeah whatever longitudinal data is better like dude shut the fuck up well that's why that's why you know I think the school for a long time but I you know I would restarties especially on the supplement right and again the training has been amazing as well but some of that stuff is kind of like all right let's try this but it's it's a lot of trunner when it comes to all of the science day for supplements you know again I did deep down on Ashwin Gonda with KSM 66 and that's why I've been such a huge advocate of KSM 66 Ashwin Gonda just because of understanding the different forms of Ashwin Gonda where it is not like so what is it give me one form of Ashwin Gonda so Ashwin Gonda is usually in general considered from the Ashwin Gonda plant but KSM only uses the root portion of the plant and is that supposed to activate something it's not because it's less likely or it basically it because of the night shade it doesn't have the poisons and toxins of the leaf and the stems will contain so KSM only uses that and that's why six years ago when I started using it for testosterone purposes and the lowering the course of the course of purposes and evil boost six years ago was because of the fact that they were using that portion of the time here's the reason I asked that in vitro Ashwin Gonda probably helps with what they say and you put it in the supplement or you do a longitudinal study on it and the mechanism you thought about from what Ashwin Gonda supposed to do is now solidified because you did a longitudinal data on it but there are way more supplements that are supposed to cause an outcome that have zero studies that confirm the outcome because it doesn't work that way in humans so it's like saying I'm going to use all this shit because I think this one mechanism is going to lead to a positive outcome we perform the longitudinal studies and it does dick right but then these this campus saying only mechanisms matter this is stupid I don't care if it said that it didn't work in humans because the mechanisms there right humans are so complex half the mechanisms you hear about don't work in humans. Creations of the most studied supplement of all time and somebody first had a reason to believe that that ATP would break off and it would help with everything that's going on in the most attraction and then they did tons of studies and they still do studies and they're finding out as cognitive typically beneficial to even in kids and we're still studying and creating because of all the mechanisms we're finding that might happen and we've ruled out some mechanisms too like there was one thing back in the day where it was making people go bald or something it would help you bald yeah and we found out that was bullshit because we did a longitudinal studies on long term creating use and nobody lost their fucking air like is the mechanism potentially there from the use sure well we have to study it 100% and they're ruling it out man and I'm like you're not as you've never taken an actual course on how science works well because we have to do that yes because that's why when you have the science degree the thing that you learned the most and I think we've talked about some before but it's learning how to read studies that's literally the course that's literally your course is on that because I mean my master's degrees it's learning how to do that right everything from a single blind double blind that it there's so many different ways of doing it but then you understanding that not all information is good information it's a lot of garbage in garbage out when it comes to studies who it's performed by and then that's when you have to test it right and you go okay wait a minute there's a bunch of studies I remember there was a there was a a supplement that someone had sent to me about 10 12 years ago maybe 15 years ago yeah it was probably 15 years ago because a couple years after I started Eugen and they were like hey this is going to do this and we have all the studies to prove it and I was like okay great let me go ahead and give this a try try it didn't feel it give it to about dozen athletes and and say it was going to make you feel like this and it was one of those things where I'm like how do you feel and everyone's like I don't know if I'm getting anything but that's and you know what's like cool about that yeah placebo so fucking strong and if honey grandma told me this is going to increase your muscle medicine you gave me a fucking pill of dirt I would probably think do like the muscle dirt yeah so the fact that people said tender yeah exactly so the fact that everybody was seeing like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and it was a crazy it was a crazy dollar amount compared to some some other derivatives of it and you know I don't want to go out here and trash it so I won't really bring it up exactly what it is but it's no no you just a crazy HL yeah yeah yeah I know it was a crazy HL but it was one of the things that I was like you know I just don't see where you can justify the price difference right so I ended up just making a hard pass on it and then basically it just went away and things that work work right even if it's a small percentage of people that might be able to benefit from it if it works it's going to actually still be around and I feel like obviously King you know the King of Supplements is creating my hydrate but when you turn around and you start to realize kind of even like one of the big things was talking about protein and breaking up proteins and saying okay the differences between you know weight protein isolate mix with you know whether it's a veggie protein versus collagen now right that's the other thing collagen is being touted as protein in collagen is collagen exactly right but it's you know you can turn around and it's still says protein but it's an incomplete protein number one and number two it's very very low on loosing levels and loosing is the King of all amino acids to be able to trigger M-tor so when you are looking at that you need to to one and half grams minimum to be be able to trigger that animal. But the person's college and protein does even help with college and production. Well, I believe that it helps with certain things. I mean, maybe on that. Maybe. Type 1s and Type 3s. But again, but I do think that it is something where there, you have so many people utilizing it and you know, was it the hydrating effects of it? Is it this and that? I mean, again, I make a college and that has vitamin D with Aquaman hydration, which is a Icelandic coral, and we utilize it. But I don't use college into build muscle, right? It's one of those things where, again, could it be that a lot of people believe that it really helps because of the fact that it's really the hydrating effects, possibly. And you're getting a similar effect of, hey, I'm getting less recalls. Well, guess what? If you're hydrated, you're going to get more less recalls, so as well. But ultimately, what I want to be able to be able to stipulate here is the fact that when you're looking at protein, you're looking at losing, right? When you're sharing around and doing that, now we went to something with studies with BCAAs. BCAAs, losing the metabolic driver. There's an isolation and valing, but when you're turning around and you're putting in essential amino acids, now you're getting even better studies that get better outcome of EAAs being more superior than BCAAs, right? So now EAAs are much more in use. Yeah, and mechanistically, most of EAAs and BCAAs cannot supply antivolic drive, cannot supply protein synthesis. However, there's two aspects of that. There's the fractional synthetic rate force for muscle protein, and there's a fractional breakdown rate. And what we do see with those things is that it can mute fractional breakdown. So if you're doing fast subcardia and you don't want to eat food yet, we have some BCAAs, you can mute the fractional breakdown rate. And you're not metabolizing. Can we muscleate fractional breakdown rates? So that means that you're going to burn off the less muscle. Yes, exactly. So if you let me let me just go down the way. So it's like, if you have the synthetic rate of muscle building and a breakdown rate of muscle, you can mute the breakdown rate. And you can, even if it doesn't help with the synthesis of new proteins, it's 100% muting that. And we see that in studies. And that's awesome if you have fasted cardio and a nice fucking fruity drink in your head. I'd rather be sipping on that than nothing. Yeah, I mean. And now I know when I go on to eat my meal after my fasted cardio, I didn't have to worry about burning off muscle when I was doing the fasted cardio. I just burned fat. So it's a, you know, in the past, but it's hard to say how much muscle you're sparing. But you just know that any muscle you're sparing is good. So I want to put that, you're spamer out there too. In this true man, in the past, I'd be like, why would I waste my fucking money on that? And then you dive more into it and you get more research behind it and I'm like, oh, shit, that's why I've got. But you got to know though, you have to know those two things though, right? You know, like, because in the past, I'd be like, this isn't working at all. And then you learn more and they're like, oh, shit. Now I think it makes sense. But the kids, unfortunately, they don't know anything. And they're very confident, a peak coming to our done in career. And this is the blows my mind. But to the de-handles, I think a biggest issue there is the mechanical tension debate and using EMG studies to say there's a high degree of mechanical tension when you can't measure the, the passive forces. You can't measure what's actually going on and you can't measure what mechanical tension actually is. And when they say mechanical tension, again, they misconstruit. They think it's like load on the bar or something. Mechanical tension also has a time scale component. See, you know, time and attention. Why do you go to the same thing that shit forever? Yeah. And like even a science. Yeah, I saw some rage debate on that too. Yeah, even a science. We try to stay away from the term. Yeah. Time and attention because we try to want to make it known that it's like, well, there's just mechanical tension that's occurring at passive and active forces. And you do want to spend more time in them because it might lead to more satellite cell proliferation and nuclei to the tissue, which is like muscle memory. So at least some more muscle memory later on because you have more nuclei in your muscle tissue to help support that. And there's so many like mechanisms that are possible that just saying mechanical tension is the only thing that matters. And then grabbing a fucking dehandle, strapping yourself on the machine and then probably wearing a ball gag soon. And just going, why are you doing kid? I thought there's like 30 mechanisms that could be going on there. And you're so latched onto this one thing. And you're misconstruing it with load on the bar. What the fuck are we doing, man? Like, kill. It's crazy. I saw some of that and I was dying. I was a guy had a dehandle on and I was a dehandle, but it wasn't attached. Right? It was just holding it. Yeah. That's it. And then he had some, you know, a strap to his elbow and he's doing like a pull down with a dehandle inflapsion. Yeah, I guess. That key. That's different. That's where they like tie it here and here and then go. Yeah, but the end dehandle in his hand. I don't know. Exactly. I don't know. Because heavy compounder king. Yeah. I don't know. If you can teach people good kick. Do you handle that was not attached? Right. Right. Oh, right. It's for, oh my god. I know why they're doing that. Their studies. If you grip something when you're performing an exercise, it might lead to more force production. Okay. Again, they're misconstruing that because passive forces with a controlled eccentric in a disc advantageous position like yesterday. And I told you shoulder back and you felt your fucking vice-ippering a part. How hard is it to get out of that position? It is so hard to get out of a disc like a biomechanically disadvantageous position. But the forces there are so the mechanical tension that's being detected there in your muscle, not on an AMG because the can't measure this are insanely high and insanely high. And that's what leads to muscle growth. But their image is considering that with, well, if I squeeze this, I can produce more force this way and then they completely negate the eccentric. It's squeezing them. And it's a complete pendulum because I had to debate people on LinkedIn parcels only and now I'm debating people on just doing one concentric, per movement, two sets, going to the next, going to the next, going to the next, applying every variation they can think of, completely negating any sort of novelty they can use in the future. And it's insane to me. And yeah, it's hard to be a scientist in this industry because the best way to do that is scientists are using the least absolute terminology. When I say something to you, I say it could be that. I could see how that's the case. It might be such that we do this in this occurs. And because we don't actually understand hypertrophy 100% or what the mechanisms truly are, we have great guesses, we have great hypotheses, we have great studies on certain things. When you hear somebody talk with uncertainty and you're a kid and you hear an absolute statement that like this is definitely how it works. Where are you going to lean to? Yeah. So the best scientists in the world and the best coaches in the world, they're saying things that aren't absolutely no. We don't know. We don't know. There's so much stuff we can. We get shit for saying that. We get shit for saying we don't know. We don't know the message which is crazy. Which is crazy. We don't know this. But there's so many things. That's science, man. We don't. And I'm okay with being wrong. We don't know, man. Like we have very good guesses. Our job is to climb a ladder, leave whatever we studied before us. Here and then say, okay, from this study, we found this and now we're closer to the truth. Let me grab your hand and pull you up with me. And then you're like, oh, because of this, I thought of this thing and you pull me up with you and we're trying to find the truth. That's what science is. We want the truth none of us have it dude. We can get closer closer closer closer closer and we're supposed to help each other get there. Not make these absolute statements and then shit all over people who are saying things with uncertainty, but are much closer to the truth than you saying you're absolutely bullshit that you're parody. And it's become this weird dichotomy where now I've been in every camp I guess. I've been in the stretch, cold camp. I for some reason I've been in like the insanely high volume camp and then somebody told me well because Nick Walker training you're in the low volume camp and I'm like, bro, I'm not in a camp. What are you talking about? I'm a coach who's applying certain things to certain athletes in a specific way and a jointman's kind of a big part of that. And you are the one placing people into different cults and camps because why you want like very polarizing content. That's it. But it is. I'm a creator. There's no way around that. That Pandora's box has been opened. The bottom line is for them to catch some kind of trend. Yep. Jump on it. Instagram, it says music that's trending. They want to find the music that's trending. And then they want to be able to utilize it. Even if it's much worse than the rap in the way. Oh, it doesn't need it. It's horrible. And I'm sitting in your scratch in my head going, okay, where did this come from? Because again, I've seen some of it. You know, Mike used it on me once. What? Like, what was it? It was when he, I was touching the Christmas chest when I was doing a, a bread. Oh, yeah. It's a little critique. It's a guy I wouldn't touch people. You know, in the same breath as that, I would say, Mike was being polarizing. He was saying something that maybe if I sat in had a conversation or you did. And you said, well, what about proprioceptic feedback? Chris has a hard time feeling his chest. Mike would be like, yeah, for sure. He would agree with you. But he made a polarizing comment on the video. He was jealous. I was touching him. That's probably the best. He only knows he wants to read. He wants to read up on C-va. He only says me. I'm not nearly as sexy as Chris. I'm not sexy. That's just a script. And he loved the punata equipment. Yeah. So, you know, like, put it if you sat in a conversation and that's the issue is we create these short clips and a lot of it becomes polarizing. And even in that moment, if Mike meant that, and you said, well, what about proprioceptic feedback? And somebody feeling their muscle a little better? He'd probably like, oh, shit, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he's okay with saying that. I was only, I was a stupid statement to make. Yeah. That's what it sounds like. And these people aren't doing that. And there's a tackle ways of doing it. And I think that Mike was being very thoughtful about it. He was just kind of putting it up there because I think he needed something to kind of make it funny because he's trying to, also he's making an entertaining. But I mean, I'm also always talk about that. I'm like, if you can't feel your muscle, I don't care. You can't do this and not train your chest. It's not a fucking thing. And we don't touch each other when we train. And we hardly go past failure. But that's the shit we do. I'm not telling you not to because if you don't enjoy the way we train, right? The fucking train like us. Unless you want what we think are optimal results and you're just, you don't give a shit about enjoyment. Okay. That's fine. But if Chris is like, yo, I can't feel my chest on this concentric. And I like the concentric squeeze. Yep. Can you touch my chest on the concentric? I'm not going to fucking say no. Right. Like, yeah, man, cool. If it helps you to your proprioceptic feedback right here. Yeah, feel good. And I'm a person who is like, you know, like, late extension. That's a great one. Because number one, I want their hips back. Yeah. Because if I bring their hips back and do not allow them to, it's just like when we decrosious we're at. When we talked about range of motion, right? When somebody is doing cheater curls and they're leading, leaning back, it's short and is a range of motion. You're shortening your, you know, gains potential, like you, potential for you to gain muscle when you're just shortening up that range of motion. So when you're doing the lay extension, same thing. It's about range of motions. You get that deep burn. Get that upper thigh to kick in and burn. So again, when I'm touching it, I'm trying to get them to make sure that they're going all the way up, feeling that they're getting that maximum contraction at the very top. So same thing with a press. So it's like, if you feel the contraction, but you know that you're, you know, if you test your chest and you're doing a press, and you know that sometimes you're coming up with three quarter reps, but you know that I can feel my chest. And as I'm pushing outward all the way, I can feel my chest. Yeah. Basically, stick out. Oh, yeah. Because I'm getting much better flexion. And I'm getting more range of motion. And if somebody is your workout partner, now you see a lot of people doing it. Because they say, so I'm me doing it. And I feel like I've been doing that for a very long time. But at the end of the day, I'm also trying to be like, oh, wow, here's another cue. You're lifting your ass up on extensions. Let me push you back into the seat. So you get deeper range of motion because that's going to equate to better muscle growth. And that's one, so like so for that example, tick. Good job. They bring a seat belt to the gym. They tie it to the fucking leg extension. And they put their ass in that seat. And that's because they understand the biomechanics that exercise. Because they listen to a lot of guys, you know, a lot about biomechanics. But in that same breath, most that stuff again, EMG studies. And that is a clear example of where EMG studies have run people a wrong way because it shows high levels of activation. And I think the latter I'll just want to squat, whereas a leg extension is hit better, or it's something like that. So you can have high levels of reading on EMG. And it actually be worse for the target muscle that you're seeing the reading in from longitudinal data and muscle biopsies. But yeah, that's an excellent example because hips back, bigger stretch. You're going to get more of the movement. Oh, against stretch. It's not a terrible thing, guys. It doesn't cause a doom-matching. We're good. Yeah, I love these all these triggering points that are like, wow, let me go ahead and create some rage bait. And that's all it is, man. And like straight up, back to the point of volume relative effort and load, went in the bar. These kids are like 16, 17, 18. If you touch a fucking weight, you're going to grow some muscle. It doesn't matter. You're going to be ginner. You're going to do this stuff and they're going to grow a little bit of muscle and they're going to realize they're wrong. And that's fine. I'm cool with that. They're going to realize they're wrong because they're not going to be able to keep growing muscle. And they're going to have to increase their volume and they're going to probably lean more into the higher repringess. What are they doing? Are they doing like a lot of... I've seen like one set of these programs. I've seen this program with like two sets on seven exercises. It's one set of like two reps. And it's only the concentric portion because they're worried about fatigue because they think the edema is fatigue and muscle damage doesn't have any correlation type hurts for whatsoever, which we, by the way, also cannot say. I'm not willing to like die on that hill, but we just, we can't say it yet. We don't, we don't actually know that yet. Because there's a bunch of downstream mechanisms that might come from muscle damage that could potentially also have some sort of enzymatic process inside of like whether it's a folk, folk like he's in Kai-ni's pathway or in Torpathway. Whatever it may be, it might help with the hyperchemy signaling. Again, mechanisms, man. We have to apply it. Yeah, you can nerd out on it. It's so hard. It's in, yeah, and like why? That's why I say it with the caveat. Here's the fucking volume, it's a relative effort to wait on the bar paradigm and here's somebody's enjoyment and if you just get that down and if these kids are having a fucking good time going on the internet and like doing these programs with one rep, I would hate that. Even if that, even if that, which it does in my promise, like I know I shouldn't make up solutes, but that's not causing the most muscle growth. Even if a program of seven movements, two reps, just a concentric, was the best thing from muscle growth, I wouldn't do it. And I'm the guy who's like, Mr. I want to optimize everything. Yeah. There's no fucking way I would have fun with that dude. One on Tricep, person with 190 pounds, just a concentric. Dude, do you not catch me doing that, should? That's crazy. I can't, I'm gonna try to imagine that. Jim next time, I'm like, would I ever even think about doing that? No, you don't see that. And like, maybe at some point, like, because Mike's doing these trendy, like, I tried the trend trend workout. I tried this. Maybe if one of those kids blows up enough, like, do their workout and we'll just be like, at the end, like, that was it. That was that's it. That would be, that would be fun to try to say. Yeah, that's dude. I'm not gonna shit on them too much, again, their kids. And like, I did a couple of semesters of like adjunct professor ship. I'm not like where I came in. I did some guest lectures for some people in our master's degree. And there's a lot of uncertainty as a kid. Social media has become this thing. We're like influencers now a job. I get it. And if it's trendy and it's making you get views, you begin to, because your brain's not fully developed, fully shift your beliefs because you are regurgitating it all the time. You're saying it all the time. You have instant gratification. Yes. And it sets things with like, if I tell myself that I suck and I hate back training enough, like you suggested in the gym, yeah. That's what's gonna happen. Right. I got a shift that shit man. Like, I can't say that all the time. I can't wait to go back and train arms now. I can't. Yeah, I'm excited. Yeah, yeah. I'm excited. I'm gonna have fun arm training. I'm gonna keep telling myself. Yeah, it's gonna be fun. When you get pumped, I'm gonna send pictures to Hottie. It's right. It's gonna be like, I'm gonna get $1.23. It feels gonna wish he had arms like mine. Yeah, that's what you're gonna do. But, you know, key takeaway man, like, understand making absolute statements is probably not where you want to head, right? Take it information. If you see people making absolute statements, or are you doing it yourself, you probably don't know as much about that topic that you think. Well, let's talk about what you should do, right? So, I think that we talked a little bit about what you should do. Okay, I think that there's not all information is good information in terms of what you're sharing. If you're trying to turn around and use. They're trying to use it. Yeah, it could be good information for you to what's called red team your own thoughts. Because I had to get pissed about this in order for me to be like, I actually understand this stuff. Let me help people. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, and then I had to like, remember things that I learned years ago, I'm like, oh, I still know how this works. How do you think if you had to give advice to a 15, 16, 17 year old that wants to trend without using rage bait, right? Without going in there and trying to pick apart somebody's whatever to be able to do that. But at the same time, what's the solution for them for them to be able to try to get trending in being able to still do that? I don't have a different view point in this. Have a reason to influence, do something. Like, do something that creates a capacity for you to have an influence on an industry. That's why I call myself an educator. I'm 32. I was in, I was in blowing up on social media at 16. I wasn't schooled dude. I was working for my family. I was, you know what I mean? I was developing a world view. But did you come from a different era? I'm sorry, but you're old. We've to use kids. Their Instagram is a different era. It was my favorite. Right, but these kids want to be famous at 16. 16, 17. Well, do they stop? I don't think they have to stop Jared. I think this is most important. Because you look, I heard about you for the first time about like, I remember, six, seven years ago. And again, Mohawk helps because I go, oh, him. Yeah. I see a lot of Jared's out there. I'm talking about Jared from subway. Jared from subway. Oh, my God. So let's just know. But the classic Mohawk, you know, some allegations. I just didn't go to prison for it. I'm just kidding. That's so wrong. That's kidding. That's it. But I do think that look, man, they need a solution. Because they want to be on social. Okay. Keep posting. Right. But it's also, I think it's about giving information to the community and being able to share your journey. But I think that you can do that without constantly feeling like you have to try to do that. Look at Sam's look. Yeah. He just started posting his workout. Yeah, it's a great example. He posted his workouts. And he loved it. He fucking loved it, man. And he talked about it. You know, yeah, there's studies to say this. And he just got that voice, you know. Yeah. It could be this could be that. But like, I just fucking loved this pump. He takes a share off the entire workout. He's like, oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to be huge in two years. And people just love it, man. Yeah. Like, be a good person. Yeah. Don't shit on people. Like, these kids are shooting on people like that. Real people at the top. Like, when you talking to videos or you, putting talking to videos over Mike, where are they going? Right. That's not going to be content in the future, man. Like, that's not going to be a sustainable. Yeah. It's just a sustainable. Yeah. But the only person still doing that was Greg. And I don't know if he's doing it terribly anymore. I don't see it that much. No. I think the biggest thing I saw. And he didn't blow it from that. He's just trending. He's just doing it because he's trending. Yes. He blew it. He was like, when he was with Mike, we're fighting for me. He was with Mike. Because I watched Greg and college. And he was doing, I have a master's degree. Here's what I know. And this is how you're trending. And he did. And I was like, fuck, yeah, this is great. And he had so many views. And then the rate, he started to go down. Other educational platforms came up. And he started to do the rage bait shit. And it was good for a while. And then you slowly go look at his trend line. You can go to anybody's trend line. What is that website called? You know, social platform. It's like social platform. Okay. If you, everybody social media. Yeah. I'm sure there's more than one after. And you look when he stops doing the rage bait stuff. It goes like this. Yeah. When he stopped doing the mask, like the teaching stuff. Teaching stuff was like this for a while. Like I'd say in 2015, 2016. It starts to go like this. And he's like fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, money, money, money, money, money. It sees the rage bait stuff happening. And he goes, oh, rage bait. Let's try it. And he sees a little tick up and he's smart with business. Yeah. So he continues to do that. But now when you see him posting this rage bait shit, people just fucking tired of it. This shit's going down like this. So that's when he caught onto the mic. Is it until? Yeah. Because we started blowing up. And now he only rage bait Mike for a while and a shit. Like this. He's like, hmm, let's keep rage baiting Mike. And then it started to go like this again. So he's just really good at catching trends. He already had a platform to do that though. Kids are just shitting on people and they're rude, man. Like they're rude to people. You're not going anywhere with that dude. So if I can give you advice, it's don't be that guy. Like don't you don't got to be a dick. That's insane to me. Because these kids are literally like, you're going to see a talking video from this podcast, I promise. And it's like these two are fucking stupid. And they'll say it like that. Yeah. They will. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard of that. Like, honey, just selected his clients. And that's why he thinks he's the man. Yeah. And Jared, you think he knows anything with that haircut? That's how they talk. I'm like, are those arguments at all? What are we doing, man? It's crazy to me. So like keep posting, post your, like if it's in fitness, for example, because I can't tell you every other area where you can blow up on social media. Like if you like, if you like make up tutorials, keep posting the fucking make up tutorials. Right. Don't be mean to people. Yeah. Keep posting your workouts. Try to keep learning. And each time you learn something new, you're like, hey, I don't think they do that. I don't think they do that. I'm going to hold you there. I'm going to. So when you sit down and you see your roles doing make up tutorials, I highly doubt. Not to say that it's not happening. But I highly doubt anyone's getting anywhere. When they turn around and saying, hey, look, this one, this girl, she's got clown makeup. Yeah. She doesn't know what she's doing. That's going to last about a hot second. Yeah. I don't know. And everyone's going to turn around and execute me a coto. Right. They're going to just be like this person is not serious. You'll never get anywhere with that. So how is that any different than what we're doing? Yeah. And it goes. It's just, that's just what it is. You know? So ultimately, I'm just like, okay, great. Yeah. It's a one. Well, that's why you've been relevant for. Well, because I don't get caught up in the minutiae. What I do is could have caught up in the results. Oh, exactly. You just do your damn job and you do it well. Well, I just do is just win. Yeah. Right. Just go in there and win. Just do the best. You can't just try to bring them in the best. Don't over promise and under deliver. Try to just be very frank with the people you're working with. And don't turn around and sell yourself. That's something I never did. I never did. And so what people don't even realize. They don't even realize that everybody that I've worked with in the last 20 years came to me to be able to help them. It wasn't that I was going out of my way trying to, trying to like, you know, establish my wares and say, hey, come over, come over to my camp. We know. I know a lot of coaches came to you backstage. What's that? Most of the guys that I know about that you've got came to you backstage because they tell their own stories are like, honey happened to be there with Jay. Yeah. I walked up to them. I said this and honey was like, hmm, let me shit test you a little bit first. Yeah, give them all talk. Have a conversation. Have a conversation. See how the conversation goes. Can you can you even have a conversation? Right. Exactly. And that's it. And there's been people that have done very, very well in this industry. And I did, I just passed because I didn't think it was going to be a good, you know, it wasn't going to be a good chemistry for me. And it was one of those things where I'm just like, you know what? I could have definitely just been able to do some things with those people. But ultimately, I wanted low friction. Because in the very beginning, you eat a lot of shits sandwiches as a trainer. And you guys know this because the people are listening to this that are trainers. And you're doing like, you know, you're trying to utilize these athletes as a bulletin board for your services. Saying, hey man, if this guy comes in shape, I'm going to be able to kind of establish a business and be able to show that I know what I'm doing. Yeah. Right. So 25, 30 years ago when I was coming up, it was like doing that, being having a getting somebody a pro card was a big deal. Now winning Olympia is a big deal. Right. Because there's a lot of pro cards now. So it's a big difference. You know, there's a lot of ways of turning pro nowadays. But the big thing I think is that when you start looking at it in its entirety, a lot of people are trying to like steal each other's clients. I hear about it. Right. And I hear about it. Or they turn around and they try to take credit for other people's work. And again, and again, there's a lot of asshole clients out there too that will turn around and be able to, you know, try to pick their brains of multiple people. I remember that happening too. Well back. So right. And then they'll sit there and then everyone's like, no, I'm coaching them. Really. And then, you know, it's like, dude, you have a clear concise team. And that's who it should be. And if that's who you are, then you know what, you got some character issues on the percent. And that, you know, again, I saw you see that happening. And I was like, that's why I tried to filter the likelihood by the picking and choosing who I worked with. Because that cut down the instance of being able to have those types of people that are just constantly just trying to use you. And that's it. So yeah, this is the same people are going to turn around and turn around and try to shoot on you when they, when they don't end up getting to the place in the line. You know, let that, like, if you're a coach getting a client from another coach. And the first thing out of that client's mouth is this is what my coach did. I didn't hear from for this long. He had me doing all this shit. What are you thinking is going to do to you whenever you stop responding for two days because you had a fucking issue. You had to go to a hospital. Like, and that's why Aaron, for example, I've seen Aaron have conversations with clients. Like he's doing like his watch out for video. We're clients that some shit and he's like, look, first and foremost, I don't do that shit. It's like, I don't care what your coach did. I don't know anything about that guy or he might even not even like the guy. And he's still like, listen, man, we don't do that. Never come to me with that shit again. I don't want you talking crap about another coach to me. We're going to do what we do. We're going to get results. And that's it. Like, maybe he fucked up, maybe he didn't. Maybe you were the issue and you don't even know it. I'm here to do my job. I don't want you, I don't want to hear about your old coach and what you think he did wrong. Like you show me the plan to give you. You show me your blood work. And I'll do my job. If you didn't have you get blood work, do I think that's a bad thing? Yes, I'm going to keep that to myself. And I'm not going to shit on the guy. I'm going to say, okay, well, I need you to do it. Blood work. And let's just, let's see what's going on. And let's just do our job. Like, what do you think they're going to do to you? Right. That's the first thing they said to you? Yeah, they're using you like state farm. You know, you're learning insurance policy. Yeah. You know? So if you can like teach them some shit while you're trying to onboard them, like, hey, look, man, it's not cool to shit on people like that. Even if I don't like the guy. 100%. Yeah. So I think Aaron is really good at that. So, you know, pitch to him because he really, we had a good conversation about that recently. That's why I told my mind. Yeah, that's it. Well, I think that the speaking of Aaron, are you ready to do it? Do you, and I? A few of the anytime, guys. I will say this. If you guys are liking this so far, please share the hell out of this. Please, because I feel like this is the type of stuff you would see. Like, I can say something in how to be like, stop right there. Here's what he means. And, uh, honey is very good at the layman stuff. Yep. And, again, I try to be as well, which is why I don't normally talk this way. But people need to understand what they're saying wrong and why they're saying it wrong. And I want people to see that because I could go on multiple podcasts and have the same rant. But like, let's just build the truth up and like seriously. Because like this, share it, get clips from it. Whatever resharing platforms because like, it's, you know, honey ran by first and foremost. Let's keep building the rant. And, uh, I love you for that, bro. I love you. I'll be honest, like, I don't get to sit down and geek out much on multiple levels. And we always talk about it 100%. And even though you promised to come here three different times, different events that you came to. That was within the main honey of your mouth. It's good. It's good. Yes. Yes. I want to be down there, bro. I'm going to be an awesome. I'll drive to you. And then I'm like, okay. I tell everybody here at the office. I'm like, yeah, I give it 25%. He's been like three years. You'll believe it would have like a hologram of me. Yes. And you'll be able to hologram where the hell you want. Yeah. So we'll, you know, it'll be easier. No, no. I think, I think, honestly, I'd rather you just come over for a week and train. I can't wait for him. Yeah. I definitely get that going. But, but like Jared said, definitely. We go ahead and we spend our time doing this. So if you do like it, let us know what you like about it in the comments below. Or if you have a different sub-it opinion, or if you want some clarity, go ahead. I'm going to be in the comments. Oh, absolutely. I'm going to be in the comments. Have a really good at jumping into the, into the comments section on the YouTube page. And then what we'll do is also just repost you. Tag us and repost you. Yeah. I'm going to be in the comments section. So if you see a clip that you like, then go ahead and do it. Or you don't. Yeah. Or you don't. I mean, like, you know, it's probably we should have dick at comments. Fine. Yeah. Those are good. But do not expect me. Do not, I am, I am, as of lately, do not expect me to be nice. If you're a dick and you come at me, like, I'm going to come after him. I'm going to overtalk put you in your place. And it's not going to be a good. I love it. This is actually a good. I need to rev it up. I do a little EVP extreme. I'm getting on here. That's this because we didn't train first. My aggression usually is let out. Yeah. And now I'm just like, yeah, yesterday was a little different because we trained arms like he trained. We are poxious like, so what do you think about bodybuilding? I'm like, yeah, I think next looking good and so is how do you. Yeah. It's guys. We're fucking arm shirt. That's what it. That's what it. But, um, but we definitely are going to go into a Q&A. And for those of you asking, what I have are. I suggest here for. We are launching the new Dubai chocolate. That's right. If you've ever had Dubai chocolate, you got to check it out. Amazing. Ice a jake flavor. We got the new white tops on here. So I'm pretty excited about this little updated looks. Just a little refresh. Nothing major, but just a nice refresh. And we got to do by chocolate bar on the front of it because when I went to Dubai, the year ago, I got the inspiration. And the best part about it is that it's not like overly, you know, you try it. The new Dubai chocolate. So good, man. Yeah. Yeah, it's next level. It's got a really good pistachio taste with how they're being overwhelming. And chocolate is an overwhelming taste. It's usually with these types of flavors, especially from other companies that I've noticed. It's like an after-filtration. It's like whatever the flavor is, you get it kind of like you drink it and it's like, it tastes like protein. And then you got like an after-taste. But this was like pistachio in my mouth. Immediately. Yeah. It's like a cold. And I love pistachio ice cream. Which is why I keep bringing it in to creamy. Yep. It's next. Give me home right now. Nice to learn. Nice to learn. So let's get the Q&A going here. And you know, and guys, I'm so excited. I'm drinking my protein. I had, you know, six ounces of steak before this, up to two hours ago. I am feeling like I'm getting ready for the Olympics. Week six. Week six of the FSC7 transformation has been amazing. It's been a great accountability tool for me because I didn't want to just do what I did with my clients for over three years. And just push it off and say, okay, this is what you should do. But I wanted to be able to do two just like when we train. Yes, right. I say, oh, he's like, oh, you're training too. And he's you're not expecting that. And I was like, absolutely. I'm not going to sit here and let you have all the fun for now. It was great for now. That's a good session. Yeah, it was awesome. It was awesome. But you definitely going to want to watch the workout. If you haven't seen it yet, depending on when this airs, the check out that workout, because that's going to be fire. And it's funny. Are we doing the last portion as well? We are going to talk about polarizing. Well, you want to go there first. We do the last. Okay. What do you do last? How many questions you want to do before we do the anatomy or not stuff? Let's see. We got anatomy or not coming up. And we have two, three, four, five, six, seven. And then we got 14 from there. So we have, we have, we have a, I don't know. We got a few. Look at three. I'm sure some of those have a overlap and shit that I read. Yes. I'm, okay, one was how to fix the chest gap. Oh, good Lord. Yes. Honest got great opinions on this stuff. So for me, the targeting muscles is difficult. The targeting specific regions of muscles is difficult. The data suggests your shape is your shape. However, I was, we were talking about this one proximal growth. And the gym yesterday, so check out that video. We're seeing that if you do emphasize stretch portions, you can get some more growth at the end ranges of certain muscles. Yep. Chest shapes, solid genetic, and to be honest, the chest gap, if you get big ass picks, it's kind of cool. That's it. You get crazy striations. Yep. It's really, the key to chest gap, in my opinion, is that you just need to get a bigger chest. 100%. That's it. And then it'll look freaker because the quoting quote chest gap is just, you know, the best friend, while he's shredded man, he's Asian shredig guy. And we were friends with him. They always have that kind of thing. He's got like the Tristan before he's just right. And, but he definitely has a chest gap. And, but when he gets pretty jacked, which for him is just an extra five pounds on this frame, because he's just always 150 pounds and like five percent of the fact. But when he gets a little bit of weight, it just looks crazy. So again, just get your chest bigger. It's make sure you're hitting all the angles. Make sure, again, upper chest. Very good. So it's focused on that. And if you're a bodybuilder who's asking this and you hit a side chest with a chest gap, it pushes that shit on the balls. It kind of like a pink. Yeah, it balls it up so much. Like some of the best side chest had that chest gap. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. It's a friction. Let's just get a bigger chest. Just get bigger chest. That's a shape is a shame. That's it. And just make sure you're working on all the angles, right? The different exercises. But that was Q1. All right. Here's one that actually from Horacio. He's asking, is cooking with extra version all the way. The best option. If you ask me any oil, if you have fats in your plan that have the Paulian mono saturators at the right amount, the fish oils probably the best thing possible. Just taking supplementation. Any oil like that is a good fat. So it's a healthy fat. That's fine. That's really fun. Cooking with it all the time. If you don't have fats in your plan, it's a stupid because you don't have the fats that cook in oil. That's what oil is probably the worst, obviously. But all of those are great. I think all of oil is great. I think the issue you run into is you have oxidation rates on temperature. And so when you look at flash points versus oxidation rates, they're very, very low. So if you turn your heat up with anything, like olive oil is really good for salads and cooking on very light temperature if any. And then for my opinion, using the higher that you can go on on Google and you'll see a list of oxidation rates for heat. And you know, like the burning flash points, flash points are the different oils. So you want to use things that are going to be able to handle higher temperature for certain oils. And that's why when a lot of people are like, hey, you should definitely use some like talo or those things because again, they can handle higher temperatures. But so for me, extra especially extra version olive oil, I like to not cook with it or just super light saute just so that you don't have it oxidized because again, you know, the flash point and the heat point of oxidation rates are very, very low in terms of the temperatures that can handle. What do you think the issues if it does oxidize? You know, it's hard to say. So that's my thing. What's like, what does it do? I don't know. That's my really hard to say. Does it burn out some nutrients? Yeah, maybe. Yeah. I don't know. It does it create carcinogens. It's like, you know, who knows. I'm sure that there's a lot of different. And as you can see, I just say like, it's very similar and maybe using another oil that doesn't do that as much. If you're that worried about it, cool. But I just don't see that there's a detriment to that happening. So. Yeah. That's on the olive oil. Cool. All right. So we got. Sibu asking, how many times should I do abs in a week? Discoes for basically any muscle. Frequency volume intensity. That relationship. One to three times a week for most muscles is kind of the frequency we see that is appropriate. That has to be within a well planned program where you're not overlapping. So like, let's say, well, I want to train my abs with 10 sets. The day prior to doing heavy backs, watch. Good fucking luck. Yeah. You're not going to hold the squat on your beer back at the bar in the back. So to get benefit from muscle growth, it's the same thing. You have to go through the process. You've got to have there's a protein synthesis window. You've got to make sure the damage is in excessive. It's all the same shit. Abs, calves, worms, all these small muscles people talk about. It's the same thing. You go through the same processes. You go through with any trained muscle and abs are trained muscle. So I do them zero times a week. We're doing it all during prep. When I was in high school, I trained my abs every single day and they became very overdeveloped. And because of that, I was a kid growing and, you know, I'm obviously building muscle. The simple act of bracing because we have things like in sports science, we have what's called maintenance volume, minimum effective volume, maximum recoverable volume, adaptive volume. My maintenance volume for my abs is now bracing. I can brace on heavy compounds and I will. Okay. I'll always have the abs that I have. If not decreased in size, they've actually probably gained size over the last 10 years that I haven't touched them. I did them one time. Probably 8 or 9 years ago. Yeah. I did two such a decline sit ups, 10, 10 reps and I was sore for a week. And I was like, fuck that. I just never did them again. But the act of bracing, if you know how to brace properly, stimulates the abdomen region. And if you have developed abs and you don't need to train them as much as people who don't have developed abs, it's like abs. It's just like every muscle. If I know dudes straight up, I know I have some black friends from St. Louis because I grew up in like decently in the hood. They got the biggest biceps ever when I was training with them from just doing pull-ups. And they never trained their biceps. I was like, dude, fuck you. Yeah. I do so much for my biceps. And it's insane. So it's genetic. You know what I mean? If you don't have abs, you kind of train your abs. If you don't have calves, you got to train your abs. So look at you. So on the flip side of that. If he doesn't have abs and you're programming. Would you say two to three times a week? Absolutely. Yeah. And probably after your leg days, because if you have like a say two leg days a week, at the end is great. And then maybe one other day. Yeah. Yeah. The only difference is that I would always suggest is if you really are trying to work on your abs, do them in the beginning of the workout. The reason why they're weak. If they're weak point, absolutely right. Because you're never going to be able to get that really good ab workout. If you're trashed. If you're trashed, post workout. You're going to do a couple sets and you're going to be like dude, I'm just going to do this. Right. But if you turn around and have a weak point, which is your midsection and you really want to get those abs to pop, put in 15, 20 minutes into some abs. And I'm talking about like whether you're doing haying leg raises. If you're doing like crunches with with or without weight or with ropes or if you're using a particular type of machine for extra resistance, any of those things in the beginning of the workout. Because again, the one that you're going to do secondarily is always not going to have as good of a workout as your first exercise. So if you start that out right off the bat or separate it with cardio, like let's say if you're doing fast at cardio and you want to do abs then, you can turn around do some floor work and that's a good idea. Add it for your consistency of your program. What is your cool? Your calves too. Why not throw your traps in there first. Yeah. That's just throw man in there. Because you have like a quarter quarter active rest day. You're like all of your cardio, calves and abs and abs and perhaps whatever. All of your frequency in there. Clean up. Cool. Definitely agree on that. Let's see. Guys, before we go into the next segment of the podcast, just a reminder for your chance to be able to utilize the my workouts, go ahead and download the FST7 app at honirambod.com. Again, for just a dollar, all you have to use is code honi-y-t and you get all the exclusive content, the workouts. And if you didn't get a chance to sign up for the FST7 transformation for your shout at winning $5,000, the next one is coming up. Go ahead and sign up at the app so that you get notified. For the next transformation or simply if you want to be the best version of yourself, to get those workouts that I put together for my athletes that are now available on the app. Check it out honirambod.com. Here's a good one for you. From Victory PT, do bigger pumps more blood flow stretching the fascia equate to more muscle growth. Potentially. See, look how much science is. Maybe. Most likely. Most likely. I'm not going to put the sample on it. So these kids are also trying to rule that out. But again, we do a lot of student studies. We take the muscle biopsies. We do this scans. And we see more growth. And people who tend to do more volume, 100% of getting bigger pumps. And that volume is leading to more growth. And I don't think we can rule out metabolites just yet. And again, there are hundreds of metabolites. Right. There's antipoxia, curses as well. And there's hydrogen ions, lactates, the most studied metabolite probably. Yeah. I'm not willing to throw it out yet. I'm not at all. And I think that because it is such a something to has to come with training, yep. That there's nothing wrong with getting a big pump. Right. And if it was solely the mechanical tension you feel in the muscle. And that's how you grow with that you get a pump. So I'm not willing to say that it does nothing. Yeah. Again, people are, again, like this speaking absolute. But there's a clear correlation. It's just a matter of understanding all of the different nuances. Well, the science will work it out down the road. I do think that there's a cause and effect. You pick up the weight, you put it down, you turn around, yep. You grow into the pump. Right. A weaker muscle is a smaller muscle and a stronger muscle is a bigger muscle. And that tends to correlate to some degree. Again, I'm not talking in absolute. I'm talking about in generalities, but broad strokes. And that's why when we start talking about supplementation and increasing blood flow, taking creatine, hyperhydrating with glycerol. Right. That six years ago came out with a B.A.Q. And these things are made to be able to help with making sure that you're hyperhydrating the muscle. So therefore, are you just increasing blood flow, but you're also trying to keep the pump in the fullness. And that's what you're doing in bodybuilding, right? So you're trying to say, okay, can I keep that pump along or great? And you know, when you hit a really good threshold of work out to recovery, you wake up in the morning. And you're brushing your teeth and you're getting a pump, you're like, yeah, my shit's on point, right? And that's why I'm saying like all of these things that they can add up again, is it going to turn around and are you going to take this or this or any of these things and you're going to wake up and look at it? Right. It's not a matter of that. It's a matter of utilizing the 1% tool. It can make it a 1% difference every week. Yes. And that 1% of being able to do that will help. And I'll say this, if you want like a more scientific answer for me as a scientist, there, then I'll use a mechanistic example so I can show you how that works. There are hypotheses based on mechanisms that might occur downstream that lead to more satellite cell proliferation because of the hypoxic environment that it causes. So if mechanical tension was the sole factor for muscle hypertrophy and there's studies that are kind of rolling that out too, you wouldn't have that big of a pump, but you'd grow all the muscle in the world. But there's a potential mechanism where that hypoxic state and there's a bunch of pathways that are triggered by different enzymes because you have more blood lactate and things in the muscle and the longer that stays around. So like you signal with the mechanical tension and then because you keep the pump around longer. It's more time and more preparatory hypertrophy for those nuclei to get into place and actually keep the muscle. So I think if I were to make life hypothesis, it's probably a good thing for muscle growth. And here's a terminology that I'm using because that's not an absolute statement, but I think with a certain degree of certainty, whatever that is, that is likely, just based on what I know about the metabolism going on with all this stuff. So I think it's likely a good thing, man. And I think we have how long's bodybuilding been around? 100? We have years of anecdotal evidence that suggests that it does something. Right. So I think it's, I love pump products. I just talked about that in there for some of the products I use. Yeah. I use the glycerol, I use citrulean and arginine and I always have and I love it. Yeah. Even like Agma Teen sulfates, it's a good one too. Yeah. Really good nitric oxide precursors and then you turn around and you add in hyperhydrating effects on this role and then even some little bit carbohydrate in there. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Throw in some carb. And I think that a lot of those things are now just being better understood because in the past, obviously when I was competing back in the day, there was very little science behind a lot of these things. It was just protein powder. Yep. Preworkouts were really didn't really exist. You know, and then I think there was like ultimate orange and that was kind of it. And then until, yeah, they came way later though. That came really later because you got to remember it was about yo-himby, you know, because they would give yo-himby for erectile dysfunction. You know, even though it's a stimulant, it also increased blood flow. So they would prescribe 5.4 milligrams of yo-himby hydrochloride and that was prescription grade and that was it before there was any viagra and later. But I think that the biggest thing that people have to understand is that you have to just see what works for you. Right? And again, cause effect and are you getting as the juice worth of squeeze? If you are really on top of everything and you understand your body, try it. But if you're not getting something out of it, then stop using it. Don't waste your money. But if you are, and you're, especially somebody who's really dialed in, like somebody who's a competitive athlete, right? Somebody who competes in some type of like physique type of competition. Those are kind of the race cars that really need the optimal performance. But if you're going to the gym three or four days a week and you're just like, hey, I'm just going through there. I just want to take some things with some caffeine in it and get something out of it. By all means, that and a good way protein shape. Awesome. Exactly. But then if you want to experiment and say, hey, what is the hyperhydrating effects and how do I feel about glycerol, right? And how can those constituents of like a glycerol or a glycerol matrix? How is that going to allow me to get a better pump and keep the pump longer with more muscle fullness? Like I said, I think the key is when you get into the optimal zone as an athlete or when you're coaching somebody, you can see when they end up getting that the proper ratio of just that leanness to muscle fullness, you start to really geek out and go into, whoa, this is starting to look nasty. And I remember when Phil would get in his own, how do you would get in his own, even Derek and I've got some videos I'll show you of Seabun that I never posted. Yeah. Yeah. And some nasty nasty crazy crazy stuff. Yeah. Most of the stuff clearly increases the matrix around the muscle, like cyraplasmic hypertrophy is probably occurring from a pump. So I like the pump. And I think it probably is a growth. And seeing somebody with a crazy pump is cool shit. So I don't see that. Yeah. It's cool. Yeah. I love the shit man. Crazy pump conditioned just when you get really hard and just have the super crazy muscle separation. And that is just accentuated with a great pump. But all right, let's go through and see what else we got here buddy. And she haven't fun. Absolutely. Oh, great. I'm getting out. All right. Do me in for a month. For a month only. All right. So we got question is, say, eat, is asking, how is it to take? How is it to take steroids at the age of 19? How is it? I assume saying like should I? Yeah. Yeah. Let me start off with saying, like absolutely not. It's just very cut and dry. This is something where if you decide to take something, you should wait until you're mid 20s. And then maximize your complete human and genetic potential, then you're also, your brain is much more developed and you can be able to make a decision that is going to not be so emotional, but more rational at that point of the risk reward. Yeah. But you as an adult can decide that. I mean, that's my take on it. What's your take? I think I'm mostly agree from like a libertarian standpoint. You can serve your country at 18. You can make your own fucking decisions. I don't care. Yeah. What I suggest it, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say what it will do. No. I would not suggest it at 19 years old. I don't know if most people have fully developed the world view and understand the risk reward, what they look like to begin with, like they've been training for five to ten years. They haven't done any of this shit yet. As an adult, you're an adult, make your own decisions, sure. But you know, you're two guys here who coach people at a pretty high level that they know, like it's 19 is likely a little too young for my liking. I did a 10 year now to a bodybuilding career first. I was 26. When I started. And you heard me say it's a top till you're talking. Don't start taking 25. Did you say it? Do you say that? I actually fortunately had Mike in my year because I was like pretty fucking tired of the natural bodybuilding. I was like 21 and I was like, I'm just ready to do it. But then, you know, I told you that story about the injection and me passing out. Okay. I'm going to do it. I can't do it. Yeah. So yeah, no, I, he's like, why don't you, you know, he was always in my year about that shit and I fucking, that was one of the best things that ever happened to me. Why don't you like do a natural pro show. And then that's okay. Cool. I'll do one first. I did it. Is it how about you get a natural pro win? And I was like, fuck, okay. Wait, is it next year? I got a natural pro win. I was like, what about now? Is it how about you compete in a natural world championships? I was like, I got this something to do. I had a chance I wanted to go in. So I ended up not doing the world championships that year. But we had full discussions. I consulted with somebody who's very good in the industry with pharmacology, shout out to products of as, eat team, we will GSB. They're very good at teaching and not a lot of people in our space want to do that online because it does reflect scoring. It shows unfortunately. As a pro bodybuilder, you got to work the politics and they don't like you talking about that shit. I'm putting that out there. But I don't care. Not a lot of guys are willing to do that. So that's why I respect John so much. Do it. He has his J3U and he still copies it a high level. There's really well. I respect a lot of people like Team Meal GSP who were like, he had a competitive power lifting career. He was really good. And they're good at teaching people. So I consulted with him for a year every week for an hour. So 52 hours, you know, I would bring him back stuff to learn. He'd send me stuff to read, whether that was like the antibiotic Bible or like whatever it was that he had access to. And before I ever touched anything, I made sure to really formally educate myself from this stuff. I think that's the really important. That's the key takeaway. Make sure you get enough time under tension. You know, training. Yeah. And I like I said, Max yourself. Yeah. Because like in 19, you might at 25, you look back at your 19 year old decisions. I thought the fuck was I doing. You might like not even train anymore at 25. Exactly. You might be like exactly. Well, now I own three companies on my hedge fund owner and I'm 24 and I'm out of business school. And I train twice a week and I have a beautiful family. Yeah. And good fucking thing you didn't make that decision in the college 19 where your friend for drinking and you were just in the gym all the time. Yeah. Like good thing you didn't because you wouldn't have any of that shit. Yeah. If you have exceptional genetics, then you can decide. Yeah, you got to see what they look like. Yeah. You got to maximize it first. Yeah. That's it. Maximize it first. Let's see. Next question is, I have from Pablo, I have a O3 herniated. He's got three herniated discs. That exercise and supplements could help me. Pablo. I would just say don't work into the ranges of the motions that hurt really understand some fundamentals of biomechanics where like let's say you're on a leg press and you put your feet like this and you're coming down and you feel a ton of kifosis and a little back. Most likely is because you're like this and maybe you have a long femurs. If you just took your feet into this again, targeting specific areas of muscles is very hard but deeper ranges of motions likely cause a little more hypertrophy and if you can get into those ranges of motions safely by knowing how anthropology works with foot positions and positions, things like that, you'll get more out of it and you'll be safer. So watch some of our stuff, watch some of honey stuff and how you teach this clients and if you experience pain in the sense of bad pain, stop. That's that. Also, there's very degree, very degrees of pain and herniations. First thing is if you're really bad, you have to get it looked at. Absolutely. First go see your doctor. Make sure you get a plan together and be able to do things because again, simple rehab physical therapy. Okay, rehabilitation on that. Figuring out seeing if there's what they ways of working around that first before you just decide to go back and try to look at the Ronnie Coleman road in the movie. Right. You know, the cost of redemption, the video that I remember I was there when he typed that by the way. And I, in human kinds of lifting and one thing you got to do is you have to take in consideration your level of degree of injury, right? So whether you've injured it or something that just happens to run your family and you've got some kind of disgeneration degradation, degradation, degenerate disease exactly. You look at that. You go shit man, this runs in my family, my mom had it, this and this is going on or you know, you had a bad car accident when you're younger and whatever, you got to be able to really just not do stupid shit because it's going to make you way worse. And as we were talking yesterday, whether you're in your 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, but ever you are, you have to remember for every decade of life, you've got more miles on your car. And I always talk about how you got to be careful with what you do because if you have a 69 Mustang, Shelby Mustang and you want to take it to the track, it's different than a 2000 and 25 Shelby Mustang that you can go over there that's brand new, right? Because if you go out there and be to shit out of a 69, you're going to be piss and oil everywhere because you're going to end up, the car is not designed. I want to get you to exactly. So you've got to ease into it and be able to say, okay, I'm going to go over there and feel those miles and have a really good time and you get the visceral feel. That's what you've got to do when you're a 40, 50, 60 year old lifter versus when you're 25. But if you try to go in and try to do what you did when you're 25, when you're 50, right off the rip, chances are you're not going to do it very long because you're going to get hurt. And then you know fun, right? You're going in there. You want to be able to create consistency. And to be able to do that, you've got to do it safely. So make sure you don't do something that's going to make it worse because you're going to regret it. Period. Boom. That's it. All right. Where do we have this? We have Andre Cossett. How would you recommend to go about starting a coaching career? Goal is Mr. Olympia coach. I didn't even make that up. Wow. Well, first and foremost, you got it. You're a community knowledge via whether anecdote or some sort of educational platform to train yourself. Once you have a pretty decent amount of training under your belt, you have friends hop in with you to train with you. If you've done all that, you then coach people for free. Immediately, family members, friends. You see how the coaching process goes. And from there, if you'd like to do some personal training, get some certificates, whatever you need to do, try that. And then you can do a couple online clients or maybe you transfer some of those family members. So like, okay, we're going to try this now where we're doing online plus in person. And you've got to get a feel for the flow and process that you'd like to apply to your clients. And then you can start to really lean into it. But if you don't have anything to give, I'm not going to give you advice on starting a coaching point. You know, you've got to have it first. So if you have all that under your belt, tell me, yeah, start transferring some of the friends and families onto online stuff. See how you like it. Like you might even like coaching. You might just want to quick buck, which I would never suggest that, forever. Now you're going to be passionate about it. If you want to be a really good coach, you've got to love what you do and you've got to have thick skin. Because if you don't have thick skin, you're not going to be able to deal with the trials and tribulations of people that are hormonal, figuratively, and, you know, literally. And you have to understand that you're going to have to deal with a lot of ups and downs because you're dealing with people that are dieting, they're on stimulants, they own a low carbohydrate, it's around little sleep. Because of those stimulants, all of these things are a factor of how they're going to be able to treat you. And I had to say it, but a lot of them can be pretty nasty. Oh, it can get to me. It can happen. Yeah. And so it's one of those things when they're anxiety levels are up, you've got to have thick skin to be able to learn how to deal with that. So it is, it's a thing. And again, a lot of them because they've never were coaches, they don't understand how that is because they want to be shown respect because of what they've already done. But that doesn't happen to the coaches coming up because they don't have that track record to be able to do that when they're starting out. You don't get that instant respect as you did as an athlete. Athletes get into respect in high school, then in college, and especially if they've come from professional athlete, so they have a sense of kind of just entitlement. So that they're like, no one's going to treat me like that. Or if I'm a professional bodybuilder and I'm coaching somebody, I'm a professional bodybuilder, you can't talk to me like that. I'm going to turn on do this. Well, guess what? They will talk to somebody else, however, the hell they want in that given moment. And you have to have thick enough skin to deal with it. Because it's not all peaches and roses and rainbows. I'll tell you that. Oh, yeah. Sure you've dealt with that. Oh, yeah. That's cool. Because you learn that through going through the process kind of the way I laid it out. Like your family, they'll talk to you how they've always talked to you. So if you have your brother training with you, this is fucking stupid. You're stupid. I'm not doing this. So you learn the thick skin thing. You know what I mean? But you gotta go through the process. So yeah, for sure. All right. When is he? I'm assuming you getting a broccoli haircut to match other, quote, science-based guys. Well, we just talked about what science actually is in the podcast. So hopefully you watch that portion of it. Yep. So are you going to change the hair to go along with your science-based? I... Uh, speaking of being polarizing. Every comment I get about my hair, you buy this fucking thing six more months. Yes, it. So you're like 20 years annoyed already. The whole comment. That's it. That's. I don't even have a little hockey anymore because I want to. What's that? I don't even have any more because I want it. I don't think I've ever seen you not have it. No, I have this. I think it's like 18. Yeah, you've had. Has you accidentally just ever shaved it? I've shaved it. Yeah. Completely off. Yeah. Okay. But eating, but it came back. Yeah. And I just put it right back. You got it. And it was the longest you've ever gone without having your roll hockey. A few months? Okay. Yeah. Cause then it's like, did it help with the girls or did it hurt? Does it help with which one? With her without the hair. I think they like it. They like it. That's like a little. Oh. I handle. See a little handle bar. I can't even feel it. Come here. That's it. You know, my taste for the team is in Southeast Asia. They're in a little aggressive. Yeah. Yeah. You like a muscular or not? Yeah. You're like, it can't be. Not like hyper muscular. I'm not into that. You don't want anybody that's got to be in front of us. My clothes. Red. Yeah. Is my wife big? No, she's just a little Filipino after. Gotcha. He's always talking about how muscular chicks do it. Yeah, but I think she paralleled. Doesn't she? Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say, I thought he saw someone else. She got hugely. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. She had better calves than he does. Yeah. Probably. He's a little Filipino. Never. Never. That's it. All right. Bodybuilding with Aaron. Oh boy. Okay. Oh, wow. Okay. Let's see. What's the consequences of the guys? Is it is it coincidence that the guys Shitting on modern day bodybuilding are the ones who never want to show big show. It's very true. It's an unfortunate thing that I've run into lately with like placing that I've gotten. Mm-hmm. If you don't do as well as you would like more. You don't do like they already have in their mind. You're going to do bad and you get to get a you don't get first place. It could be anywhere from second to second to second. Mm-hmm. The same guys that I see. Here's here's this is the archetype. It's dad. With I love Jesus Christ and his bio. Who talks about love and his bio. And has like a mediocre physique. I have been shit on by like 10 of those dudes in the last couple weeks. Really? It's insane. What the fuck is wrong with you? Well, just how you teach your child to act. I don't know. It's a weird archetype man. I've seen it so much. You're just not happy with your life. Yeah, of course. And I try so hard to ignore it. But again, when I talk about like coming at me, you're going to come at me. I'm coming at you 10 times harder. Like I'm tired of this. Like people getting away with shit on social media stuff. Yeah. And I'm just going to put it out of this. Can I be honest with you? Yeah. I guarantee you. I don't know if you've not very seen this or not yet. But most of the time when you go back at them, they go ahead and meet it that way. And I was going to say that. They say, if you like, I'm just giving you a critique. If you can't handle criticism, I don't have social media. I'm like, no, you said Jared feathers of fucking clown. And I can't wait to see how bad he does at the show. Right. That was a critique. That was a criticism. And then you got your boy involved. Yeah. Who's like, he's just giving you an honest critique man. And I'm like, the initial comment was your fucking clown. Right. You think that's a criticism? I can handle criticism. Right. If you said your back is small and you need to bring it up. I would be like, hey man, I'm a professional bodybuilder. Look, my physique every day. I've already thought about that way more than you have because it keeps me up at night. But thank you for the criticism. Right. That would have been the end of the conversation. Right. But you're not criticizing me. You're being a dick. You can't handle that I put you in your place. Yeah. You can't do that. It's insane. It's insane. But the thing is, as much as I've gotten it, Chris usually has nothing but good things spoken about them. But I guarantee you with this following. He has way more fucking people doing that to him than I do. Hmm. Somebody no matter how well, how bad you're doing, hate your ass. Yeah. And you just gotta accept it. The more popular you get on social media, I've seen people say in like the science based these fucking kids community, like I told you, honey, and everybody's in a shit. Right. He's dumb. Like just straight out like that. And if you were like, hey man, like why do you think I'm like dumb and like I don't really know that much? You're just kind of like a 17 year old kid and maybe you don't know as much as you think? You're like, well man, I was just giving you a criticism. Yeah. Like not. Yeah. You were being an insulting asshole and you, I called you out and now you're caught. Yeah. So they're very used to getting away with the shit. So I've learned to like, just put it down. Put it away. You're going to come out of plightly usually. Yeah. The other thing is to, this is my philosophy. If someone is really coming out to be able to come on your social and they're going to turn around and to get giant shit in your living room, they don't deserve to be in your house. Yeah. And I'm not just turning around and be like, okay, didn't you should either unfollow me or block them or whatever because I was straight. Or straight. I love whatever it is, right? And again, what luckily again, again, I tell people if you engage, then people know that you're going to engage. So I think that people are going to, exactly. He'll take, they want to banter because they're bored. Yep. Right. So I'm too busy for that shit. Exactly. And that's why I just do that. Do you know about this? No. If you restrict somebody, they are able to still leave comments and stuff and nobody sees you. Oh, I think I've seen that. I have seen that. It's the best that's right. Because all like unhide their comment just so I can see it. Because you can still view the shit. Okay. Nobody else sees it. And they're just yelling into the ether. So now they have to in their brain. Nobody agrees with me. How come nobody's liking my comments? Nobody's liking my comment. Because they see their comment like it's posted. And then now they have to roll around in their brain that nobody agrees with anything they're saying. Because nobody else can see the comment. And even though somebody else might like the comment. Sorry, bud. That's fine. Something like fuck. I'm just being a dick at this point. Definitely. Definitely. Oh my god. Let's. Okay. Oh, okay. We got Aaron. We got something else that he wanted to mention. Can you talk a bit on what the data shows around the intro workout nutrition? Sure. Yeah. Honey, you own the submen line, man. You want to talk about it a little bit? No, I want to know what you think. Because again, I'm biased because I own the company. And again, I talked a little bit about again, we touched on a little bit, especially intro workout, right? With I feel like it's minimizing. If it's not building, it's minimizing muscle breakdown. But let's go ahead. It's also getting the contractors ready for the build. Yeah. You don't have that ready. You're postponing the process of muscle growth. That's right. You're getting the contractors ready. You have the available nutrients plus the fast-acting sugars, which I like gatorid law. I like what you put in your, yeah, the carbulum base. Yeah, yeah. Gatorators just like, I mean, it was developed by sports scientists in the 1980s for the Florida Gators. It's really good. And it's cheapest fuck. Was it 80s or 60s? Am I going to 60? I think it was like 60s. Yeah. And it's great. Take a look at the, can you look at what you hear was, it was gatorid developed. Yeah. I was like 80s or 60s. But it fast-tracked that process and it supplies some, some fast-acting sugars for the workout too. So you can maintain longer, you can get more contraction. Yeah. Yeah. 65s. Yeah. Yeah. 80s. I was in high school in the 80s. Yeah. 65s crazy. But there's a pyramid of shit. You can get a lot of money to pay attention to. Right. And consistency encompasses the pyramid. That's the main thing. You have at the bottom because the bottom is the biggest portion. And we go with whether you are hyper, hypercloric. Your calories matter the most. And then from there, we get into the macronutrients. And that's about 60% of body cop goals and what you're going to look like, or maybe 70% and then we have nutrient timing. And then after that we have food composition. So sorry, naturalistic phallus, he people. That's like 5%. And then we have supplementation, which is like a good 2 to 1%. And as long as you get the big things right, and nutrient timing is for me, especially for pro-body builders, it's definitely one of them. Yeah. You have most of it right, you have 90%. And focusing on really my new chit-lice supplementation things like that until you have this stuff down, kind of blows my mind a little bit. So if you're not having carbohydrates, it's a periwork out. It's just better. Pre-entreposed. Having your carbs there is better for muscle growth. It's very well backed by science. A tonsilliter is shown on this. And that's why it's a workout drink exists. And I think they're a phenomenal thing, especially for like, let's hear in a Durans athlete. They're really a phenomenal thing. Yeah. Durans. And if you have super long workouts. And we are body builders with 1 to 2 sometimes multiple sessions a day. And your workouts are fucking dope, man. And I've been using them since I was 20. Yeah. So we were using a carb-based with some type of essential amino acid protein. Yeah. I do way protein. Yeah. Because you can supply the fractional synthetic rate instead of just muting the breakdown. And I want to get the readily available proper amino acids that we talked about losing in the system for the recovery process. And that's, have you noticed different types of protein? Because again, when you're drinking protein during the workout. Yeah, you want the least amount of fat possible. So I should check. Amazing. So I'll make some ice-to-ject whether it's like my ice cream flavor with like some blue gatorade. Really good. I might used to do like red gatorade with the chocolate protein because it tastes like a touchy pop. Yeah. All kinds of fun. You got all the craziness from that red 40. It's literally insular red 40. And you get 80Ds because you're ready for it. I wasn't born with it. Maybe lean. No, yeah. Interwork out nutrition is from a body-building perspective. From a high level of perspective, it is important. If you're a geochmo business owner, five kids wife at home, you want to look good naked. You don't kind of, don't worry about that nuance unless you have everything else figured out. 100%. Now the other thing I'm going to add to that too is some of you that are listening to this are going to really take it for face values sake. I want to do what it produce. This is where you don't want to do what it produce because most of you out there are trying to just get in shape. Yep. And if you're trying to get in shape, adding in extra carbohydrates when they're not needed is not good for you. Because number one, you're going to have, you don't want the insulin spike. You don't want it. You just want it to be able to just kind of keep your blood sugar down and be able to utilize calories. I feel like it's really important that you're just basically trying to get a good workout in and not, you don't, you can't utilize the carbohydrates at an efficient manner when you're not a real good, good shape. I feel like some people that are in, you know, get that's one of the reasons I don't currently use on my used to, but I don't currently use parer workout carbohydrates. Right? I'll have a meaner. Yes. I'm not just in. And just because I don't feel, you know, I don't, my body is very sensitive to carbohydrates. I get a blood sugar spike really, really quickly. And as I'm putting on more muscle back on, that I've lost throughout the years, the decades of me, you know, not being able to, you know, do the workouts like I used to and not eat like I used to. For decades, I haven't done, there were times where I was doing one meal a day if I was lucky, right? Because it's just like, okay, my body just just chewed off all of my muscle. And being able to put that back on is going to allow my body to be able to get through like a metabolic syndrome that I created, right? So if you are somebody like myself that's just, you know, training four times a week, three times a week, four times a week, and I'm trying to build up to five times a week and being able to keep myself more and more active, put muscle back on. And you're trying to focus on trying to lean out a bit. I think you've got to be careful with the amount of carbohydrate to intro workout. That's the only thing, like again. Yeah, I think from the added nutrients perspective, for sure, from a blood insulin perspective, it's likely the opposite because there are glut mechanisms in place and glut four proliferates to the area when you train with weights. And it actually reduces blood sugar content and it helps to pull in carbohydrates. Yes, it's tissue. So that's why they tell type one diabetes because it's completely broken mechanism, glut four soul proliferates from weight training, weight resistance stuff. And they say to help keep that in check, if you train, you might be able to have a little bit carbohydrate because of that process. Yes, it reduces the blood sugar spike. But again, the added nutrient thing and just trying to be in shape and look good naked, you probably don't need those in because even me, when I'm two weeks out in my carbs at a hundred and I get hungry, you think I'm putting that in a fucking intershade? No, I mean, oatmeal man. That shouldn't stick. Yeah, it looks something that's going to be a substance. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't want to sit there. So it's still periwork out, but it's just pre-imposed usually instead of the intro. I'll have like a protein shake during maybe some crystal light, put some stuff in there. But I said, yeah, I used one of the sweetness. I'm adding crystal light. That's the first I've ever heard somebody adding crystal light to protein because you want to even be even sweeter. 100%. Yeah, because I'm used to taste during my workout. That's crazy. Yeah, so I get like the fruit punch crystal light and I'll put it in some chocolate. What's the maximum amount of protein you think of person can absorb? It's a great question. If you're asking about four muscle proteins synthesis, there's a potential top, but it's not what people say. If you're asking about absorption and general to the body, there doesn't seem much as a cap. So like the diet you see with 300 grams of protein in shit, there is a process that occurs called gluconeogenesis, really, you're converting the protein to, like, I call them ghetto carbs. Yeah. So you're basically utilizing those carbohydrates, you're bringing it up your brain. Yeah, so it's like, yeah, you could do that if you want. Instead of that, I just prefer more carbohydrates. So my protein diet is generally going to go up like 250 as a 220 pound male. I do like the 1, 2, 1.5 deeper in the prep. No, no, I'm not. I'm at 1. Like at 1, in one sitting carbohydrate. I'm sorry. Sorry, 1.1 to 1.5 grams per pound of body weight protein. For the day is something I don't really exceed, but if I were to mall that into two meals, because I missed all my meals, you're getting all that protein still. Yes, you're getting it. You're absorbing it. There's other things than muscle going on in your body that need protein. Sure. And people don't realize that. When they hear it, they think, well, I can only absorb this much protein for protein synthesis. What are you talking about? You can't have 50 grams of protein. It's like, do this other shit going on. And you're going to absorb it, especially if you've been under Fed. Yeah. Or if you're on gear. Exactly. Yeah. And gears, a weird one, because I don't know where I fall on this just yet. I've gone back and forth. Protein utilization goes up when you're on gear, which technically means protein can come down. But because also it's more anableness than happening, you might need more. So it might just even itself out a bit, or you might need a little more. So I'm like, I'm on the fence on that one. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'll look into it more. Yeah. I believe that there is a up-rothreshold. Yeah. That's my personal opinion and just from being able to... In one sitting. Yes. I think in general, I think, again, when I design my diets, whether it's like getting ready for show off season, I usually go off of how much muscle tissue and how... Yes, what does that count? Right. But how... Where they're out in their prep. So if it's pre-contest versus off season, right? The color can take us higher in off season. And then you're a color deficit, then I tend to bring up my protein, right, for my athletes during the coloric deficit. Oh, okay. I thought you meant pre-contest. Yeah. Well, you know, going into the show, like having the protein levels higher, that's not an issue. Yeah, plus and off season, like, you know, all that protein, you can get me? Yeah, I'm not getting that down. Yeah, well, that's because, yeah, you can make it up with carbs. And even if you have a super-fast metabolism, I super-high believer in, you know, really good fats, adding a lot of good fats. But I think that the biggest thing is just now is like, where, you know, you couldn't do more than 25 grams of protein in one sitting or 35, or whatever. I think that's been deep-long. I think there was a study that was shown there was like up to 100 grams of protein. So I say it doesn't seem that there's enough for them? Yeah. Yeah, somewhere. Somewhere. It's kind of like training volume. Right. Like there's the law of diminishing returns. You might need to do five sets for a 2% change. But if you're a professional bodybuilder, you're doing the extra five sets. You don't get a fuck. Right. And that's why I see with all these TikTok and low volume programs, like, most you aren't that, most of you who I talk to and who, like, we're teaching, you're gin pop. Right. If you want to get the hell in and get out? Hell yeah, dude. Low volume training. Low, do some low volume. Get in there, get a stimulus. You'll have to eventually increase volume at tad. Yeah. But if you're a child, look at the kids. Yeah. That's why you should be able to play multiple types of programs. I know. When I used to do my F-S-E-7 training, it was a combination of hit with high volume, not quite German volume, high volume, but a combination thereof. And then even in the app, when I'm creating like a progressive overload, right, in the app, what I'm doing is I'm just trying to teach people what progressive overload even is. And then be able to be able to utilize those things, right? Or if you're doing something with like arm training and being able to build arms up, saying, okay, we're going to do arms twice a week. Here's a program for you for six weeks to be able to do arms twice a week. And then here's the rest of the splits, right? But you're not turning around and speaking in absolute. So you're like, here is a guide. Here's a guide. No, it's a simple truth. Chances are, you're going to get something from it, right? Exactly. And it's just following anything because most people just need a bit of just handholding to be able to get them to be able to give them structure. And that's what it really turns into, is giving them structure and then teaching them just some of the principles to be able to get to the next level and break-pap, platos. But I think what the protein thing, it's interesting because again, protein is such a hot topic right now because of all the GLP ones. Everybody like, you know, you're getting like that wasting effect because people aren't eating because it shuts down your appetite so much. And then you turn around and like, okay, doctors are like, bring protein, e-protein, drink protein, you know, they're having more<|pl|>. Yeah, exactly. So you can be able to actually hold on to muscle or put on some muscle depending on kind of where you're at. Yeah, but that's a thing. That's why you can't go to any checkout counter without some kind of protein drink somewhere or a protein fortified, you know, donuts and pretzels and whatever else. You know, so it's just interesting. It's me as a bodybuilder, so. Yeah, yeah. Even though it's mostly because of that. Like, hell, yeah. Protein. Absolutely. Absolutely. So we got, let me see, I think there was one more question from Aaron. It's one of those things where I want to give him the ability to, let's see if they can all see because that's what he was on. Let's see. These questions aren't like, they're just like things that I've rented him about. And he just wants everybody else to go to the ranch. No, I think we actually got muscle. No, we're good. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. No, we got, we got all of them. Time for some polarizing shit. Yes, one last thing we're going to end off the show with is the fact that we are going to talk about Natties, fake natties and everything in between. I do feel very, very strongly about this because again, as I competitive athlete when I was competing, right? I think we had, like, as much as 14 guys in my class. You know, if I were a man naturally down in Culver City at the PCI and right naturally. And one of the things that was very, very keen on was the fact that you know, you get to the point where you're like, I'm natural. It's great. But I do think there are some really shitty fake natties. Yeah. But I also think that there's rhetoric of this whole thing about just even, what's your opinion on this whole thing with fake nattie, nattie? I mean, what's your thoughts on it? Again, first and foremost, as somebody who thinks control over other decisions is the dumbest thing in the fucking world, I don't care what you do. As somebody who actually has a moral and ethical landscape, if you lie about it, to make gain and profit, your piece of shit. And that's kind of as far as my thoughts extend besides people spending way too much time on it. You're never, ever, ever. You could be 40 years old chasing an IPU program on two grams of tests. And half of you will never look the way me and honey did as natural, because you don't have the genetic. Yeah. That is you better than me, but yeah. That was okay. But still under the start, got there guys. But you're right. Sometimes across the United States, it will never believe that you are natural, because they have been taking gear for 25 years. There's still not a pro, and they can't go for shit, because they do everything wrong, and they think they're doing everything right, and they're just on tons of antibiotics. And they're not responding to them the way that somebody else would. Right. Genetics are the biggest factor in all this. Yeah. The fucking biggest, not antibiotics. Right. If you're genetics, because so many things going to genetics people don't talk about it. We talked about injury resilience. We talked about how well you handle the former call gene. That comes from a psychological perspective as well. Yep. Like some of the shit messages you up, Miran. Yeah. I've seen guys ruin the lives. Yep. How well you grow muscle? How well you respond to different nutrients? Because some people like legit just have diabetes. They can't even can't even get any. I'll write straight for helping with muscle growth. There's a lot that goes into it, man. And constantly comparing your natural, because you're natural, and you don't believe that. You can do this. I'm like sorry, man. You live in India and you don't have to. You should be a software engineer. Yeah. As one example. Hey, look, there are some guys in India that have diabetes. It's the same type. It's the same type. You told the way to the other. But if I'm only the one that's going to India, you know. I got it. So yeah. Yeah. We had a three or four different speaking. Yes. And I watched, I watched high level natural bodybuilding over there. Okay. It was impressive. Yeah. The point in that is like genetics exists. Yeah. And there are certain ethnicities that are hard gainers. Yeah. And my African American friends in St. Louis. If I put any of them on a any fucking program. Yeah. They're going to be huge. Like there are dudes walking around with delts over there. Uh huh. That just do nothing but sell drugs for a living. And you're like, that guy's fucking shredded what? What's he do? No, man. I don't know the shit. Like why do you look like that? Genetics are real man. And like if I call that not being able to talk about a shit. We're sports scientists. It's just science. It's cool to tell us. Like it's like this is the cool shit I ever to talk about. Yeah. And like if you realize you are a hard gainer. But you just still love this shit. I'm not telling you to give up. I'm just telling you you're never going to look like how I did as a natural. You're never going to look like how honey did as a natural. But to call everybody better than your physique best naturally. Somebody is for sure taking into Bollocks. Dude, shut up. Yeah. Like we're not all the same person. No. We're not all going to gain the same rates. And that's like getting a fake ID and being in a teenage class when you're 21. I mean, that is some weak ass shit. Yeah. And that's why it's like if you have to turn around and claim that. Just to try to get more views because you're trying to get into the kiddie pool. So you're the biggest kid in the kiddie pool. Yeah. Dude, I know a fit model pro who turned pro at a natural show on steroids. Okay. Fit model honey. Fit model. What the fuck are you doing? Yeah. What are you doing? That's pathetic. Those girls were natural and they're all like the skinny little bit of women who know that they're hard gainers and you took steroids. So you could beat them for a fit model pro card. Go to the beginning and go to the hands show. What are you doing? That kills me. That's insane. That kind of shit. It is. It's morally fucked. And if you're somebody who's going to claim natural, especially if you can be the natural shows, you suck. You suck if you're on shit. Yeah. I don't like that stuff. Yeah. But I'm not going around. And assuming everybody telling me that they're not on shit with a good physique, I'm not assuming they're on shit. Why would you lie to me about that? Because people tend to lie. And the problem is that you're on the same way. Like I'm sure they do. Turn around. I remember David Butler had the same situation. Where I said, look, man, I need you to make sure you're 100% like I'm putting my reputation on it. You're not taking anything. I never take anything. I never did this. And then more I get to know the kid. And I'm like, no. So I'm like, okay, because they're in a piss test. You're going to piss test you. Because 100% are going to piss test you. Yeah. And he's not a polygraph. It's not this. It's not that's going to be a piss. He's like, okay, no problem. You know, again, 18, 19 years old. No problem. And then I had to scare them a bit. Like, you know, I'd probably want to podcast. And I scared the shit. I said, I will absolutely catch you. And I will tear you up if I find out that you like. But it was, you know, again, he was a good example. But there's people out there that just they don't care. They just want to cheat because, you know, she or she. And it's like, no, man, it's just if you're going to do it, go go do it with the big voice. 100% no point. There's good. No problem. Yeah. Obviously there's a lot of people out there. What you get is your choice. Yeah. But it's just it sucks to turn around and be able to do that. And feel like you've accomplished something when you're beating a bunch of people that are not. Yeah. So you had that same thing with him and I had it with Tristan. Nobody released Tristan's natural, Tristan in person. You look at him. He's 150 pounds and you're like, okay, makes sense. He's five six. He's literally your metrics on like, if you were going to say it right now, same metrics. He's way more shred than I ever was. Same metrics. Yeah. I don't know if it's the end of the day. Yeah. In one side got to know Tristan was like, this kid's not lying because he doesn't know anything. I'm saying what I talk about. It's like crazy. But blasting people, you know, but blasting people on social media constantly who somewhat do seem a bit prideful in the natural stuff. And you can tell it kind of gets to them. I don't know why that person would like to me. Maybe they are. Maybe they're not. Way to like a cot man. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. And I'm going to not trust you anymore. And you wrote a relationship in your life. And that's your followers. Yeah. You man. Like I don't know. That sucks for you. I'm not going to go ahead and say because this person is so passionate about their natural status. There's no way their natural look at that physique. Well, most of these guys you see them. I've coached the best natural bodybuilders in the world. I have multiple world champions. I know what it looks like at a high level. And genetics exist. And they are the most important thing. Isn't kind of your intern pro natural or something? Yeah. I think he did. And I for a hundred percent Ronnie Coleman did. And he did not get a call out. But he ended up getting on that stage. When at the time you do in the world championship. And then you would get automatic in bite to the Olympia. Yeah. And he didn't get a call out. They forgot to call them out. Yeah. Because he didn't look impressive enough. But he made it to the stage there. And then obviously things change after that. The type of shit exists. Yeah. Like it exists. There's the 1% of the 1% of the 1%. Yeah. Those guys that have 20 insurance before they even walk in the damn gym. And have 19 insurance before they walk in the gym. And you know, there are going to be 3-4 inches. Yeah. No, you know, it's crazy. So for me, the whole Nadir not stuff. Like I'm never, you're never going to see me do like videos on that show. I'm just, do how care. I don't care. If he's lying, he's a piece of shit. You're going to find out in five years, whatever. Yeah. All right, guys. Thank you so much, Jared. We had all the questions answered. We were absolutely hammered with our workout yesterday. So again, guys, if you haven't seen the workout, you definitely want to go check out the workout. We did, by his and tries together. And again, always a pleasure, brother. Yeah. Thank you for causing me. It was a good one. Yeah, I think it's going to get a lot out of this. You got, this was his therapy session. His therapy session. His therapy session. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Honey and Rambad. Jared Feather. That's the truth.

=== FILE: FINAL WORKOUT  OLYMPIA PREP [EOl3mFXW6XE].txt ===

Alright guys, we're getting the final workout of 2024 prep. I can't believe it's here. I'm gonna start off with Mr. Seabomb himself. Topfast up fourth again. I know he's good HK. I'm going to make sure that the one in the back is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm gonna make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. I'm going to make sure that the other one is fine. you very bad by to you were espectyorum Yeah, I'll look at that one. Gime is on top! It's okay, no lost hares! I don't know. I don't know. Is it lighter? How is it to stick out into the plate? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. You're a little bit more. Oh. I'm not a baby. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's okay. I think it's okay. Yeah. I think I'm right. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's okay. I think that's okay. Yes. I'm not a baby. I think that's okay. I think that's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, guys. Well, just got Derek in. C-bone's done. Could be as final work out. Heather. See, let's now focus on Derek and his shoulders. Slowed up the body. Just pump and get everything else that we didn't get the last couple of days. Focus on that. Let's go. Okay. Good idea. Matt. mammoth. It's fucking up to the point. That's what we're hearing.unintelligible. Peace. Nice. Kate. Mike. Mike. Spent your fingers right away. Kiimu is. Spent your fingers right away. You can do the same way, but so I'm gonna bring your hands in a little bit closer to the stretch around the earth. Right. Drop those elbows and then one of them is pretty good. They're getting close to you as possible. Good. And you have those upper doors. They'll both jump those elbows. Good stretch. Come on. Stretch. And then, you have the stretch. Good stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Shes the charm of your chest! Lets go tight. Good. Good job, dude. Come on. Let's go, bro. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Well this one has a good name. Mistly for me. Same name. No. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's it, good job. I'll do some fun. What about you here? Now it's all you. I got a post. Yeah, you took it a post. That's it. Thanks for everything. Good for you. Just a fourth here, man. A lot of... Sir, fourth show together guys, only a fourth show together. 22, 22, 22, 22, 23. The first two years, really actually count. Yeah. I mean, they count for us, but I mean, in terms of... I was two, 12 the first year. Right? Second year, we almost put out, I got sick. And then last year, we were going, which was great. So I feel like last year was like, kind of the first year. And then I was still learning how to be an open bodybuilder. And then still... Well, yeah. So we're always learning, but I feel like last year, so this year was the first time I think, sort of, clicking more and more and more. But thank you for your men. God put us together for a reason. And thank for you, did. I'm just really looking forward to the sweet end, and presenting a package that we've been working on for these past four years, when especially since we stepped off Lashers, Limpus stage. And it's all come to fruition now. I just hope that everybody can see all the hard work presented at a hundred percent, and I believe they will. So I mean, I don't know about you. You're coach, but I think we're right on track. Yeah, so fortunately, I'm good. I mean, I'll be honest, like, what I saw a couple hours ago. I'm looking really good. Now, we're just going to be able to make sure we're about 70 percent there. For the next couple of days, we've got to just turn it up and get to... Fill it up and dry it out and just make sure that it just has a right amount of fullness, and that amount of dryness is going by paying, but you said we're about 75 percent there, and that's... You know, Pony will never be more than 90 percent there. Most of... Oh, right. He'll never be like, we're a hundred percent. He'd be like, yeah, we're good. We were really good. But, you know, there's some things we could do. Spend them when it's all crisp. It's not horrible. You know what I'm so thankful for. Yeah, I appreciate it. I appreciate you too. Next time, make sure you stock up on those arts and be useful in the ring. Yeah, well, they had him back in the room. All right, guys. We're doing a final workout with Hottie. Once again, he's also doing shoulders, a little bit of arms. Just getting some blood flow in there, nothing too dramatic, nothing too drastic. Just a little bit of a barcloth, just to continue to keep the blood moving, and keep a circulation high. Yeah. All right, guys. So what we're doing is all we're doing is we're just going through the range of motion. Making sure that we're going to a little bit of blood in the shoulders. I think crazy. We're doing not want to produce a tear down workout where your body has to actually root for that big big workout that we're doing is just getting blood flow and getting good pumps so you can facilitate a good fight up. All right, guys. Do not forget to take advantage of the EVGDestrition.com, Olympia Cell. We got amazing deals. Also, the ZVC, the Keeb asking about the GDP extreme, a QRTV. Those oil customers that are spending $100 or more are going to get a free, free launch unit of the traffic splash. The traffic, the travel splash is a great flavor. Then we put together for the RTD launch and I just am very excited to be able to share it all the way to you because we're going to work on all your long and now we're able to. All right, guys. All right, guys. So we just did a little bit of straight arm pull downs and that's just how you can stretch out a little bit of his torso was feeling a little tight and just to open him up a little bit. So again, just a really good body pump. We're done. That's it. Done for the workouts. The 2024 now is time to get ready and go over to the open after the second. So that's for audio and Derek and then C-bombs got weigh in tomorrow morning at AM. It's going to make great. So I'm going to go back and check on him. Make sure that right there he was about five pounds over the early of today. So we just got to just make sure that we're starting to adjust everything on diet and water to be able to

=== FILE: FIRST BODYBUILDING SHOW TIPS AND TRICKS  EP. 115 [jqAjG2Ir_wA].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Hony Rambad, and I'm here to do another very, very valuable Q&A. We got a lot of people been asking for Q&A lately, and I did just literally do a million different videos with the athletes as we're getting ready for the Mr. Olympia, but I haven't had a chance to do as many Q&A's because of all the prep going into the 2024 Mr. Olympia, 60th anniversary edition, and I apologize. I apologize because I really want to be able to keep these rolling for you guys, and so we're going to go ahead and get this party started. And these are taken from both YouTube as well as Instagram. When I go from the Sunday night Instagram asking you for questions, I'm pulling those questions directly off of that. So let's go ahead and start off with Sigura Fitness. He has a question, one piece of advice for personal trainers starting their own business. First of all, make sure you get certified because you definitely want to be able to come from a place of education. Don't just get with another coach online coach and take that information and think, hey, all of a sudden you're a guru. What you want to do is you want to be able to start off with Nazam, ACSM, Ace. I mean, there were so many of them back in the day and they keep evolving, but Nazam is the one that I tend to lean towards even at EVGEN, where we have our customer service reps, get Nazam certified. So I would definitely get Nazam certified and as many of the disciplines as possible because they have sports nutrition, they have personal training. So depending on where you want to really focus on, get certified. That's number one. Number two, work with as many physics as you can. I'm talking about not just body builders versus men's physique guys. Work on men, women, different age groups, different types of functionality. If they're getting ready for maybe football or if they're getting ready for any kind of other sports and don't be afraid to try to become an intern at one of the different jams or one of the different training studios because you will learn so much by having an in-person mentor. So those are the things that I would really look into doing if you're starting out your own business and you really want to be able to really catch a lot of legs especially in the beginning. All right, next question comes from Frank Cadillac 96. What's the best way to lose weight without losing muscle? Well, obviously you're trying to lose weight, you're going to end up having a calorie deficit. So you're going to have to watch the nutrition portion of it. Using cardio is a great way to be able to burn more calories, but holding onto your strength. I talk about this year after year, I've used to write about this in the magazines back in the day, but really trying to make sure that you're not reducing either your intensity or the amount of weight you're using. You're trying to hold on to your strength. So the stronger muscle is a larger muscle, a fuller muscle. So do not work on just going into higher reps by thinking you're going to get cut. That was an old methodology that people used to think it doesn't work. What you do want to is you want to try to hold onto as much muscle or possibly even try to increase strength while you're dieting. So holding onto muscle is there's a direct correlation with strength and size. So again, don't lighten up the weights. If you are getting to the point where you're deep into the diet, you will lose a little bit of strength. 10, 15, 20% at the very, very end is very, very common, but you're trying to hold onto as much strength as you can. And again, that's in an extreme diet contest prep situation. Happens to my Olympia guys all the time, right during the last couple of weeks. They, you know, 10% 15% reduction, but also what they really end up changing is their stamina. Their stamina changes because they're getting so lean. They don't have a ton of glycogen in the muscle because they're trying to work on getting shredded. So therefore, you're not going to have the intensity in the first 15 minutes as you do in two hours or vice versa. What I should say is that you're going to have the intensity in the first 15 minutes and you won't have it in the second hour. So and that's why we also shorten up the training sessions because we just don't have that kind of stamina. So once again, remember, try to be able to continue to progressively either increase the amount of weight or increase the number of reps with the weights that we're using previously on the previous workout. So that's very important, but you will naturally taper down in terms of strength by anywhere from 10 to as much as 15 or 20% depending on how depleted you get. All right. Next question is from HD Swift, how soon can you start the selection process of those that signed up for the waiting list on your website? Obviously not during prep. Yes. So again, many of you have gone on to the Honeyram Bud site, my personal site, and put your name down to be able to be notified when I start my coaching platform. Well, that selection process is already started. So if you haven't been on to the Honeyram Bud.com, go to my site, you can go ahead and apply to become a client. We are reviewing all the applications. There's going to be some back and forth because I need to know what you're doing, and I'm going to be going through there with my team. And I want to be very clear about this. I am not doing this just by myself, but I'm bringing on other team members to help me with this to create a scalable model. So what I've done is I've waited a very long time to be able to finally be able to work with more than four or five people a year. And with that, what I'm doing is I'm building a team and they're here in the building with me and they're going to be helping me to be able to give you guys information to be able to become the best version of you and yourself. So what I wanted to do is focus on the Olympia preps, but right now what I'm doing is we're scaling this up. So again, the whole system is in place. I've been working on this for two years and I'm finally happy to say that we are picking candidates that had applied on my website. So if you haven't in your interest in being part of my program, then go to honeyrambod.com. Fill out the application. We'll get back with you, get back to you with a lot of different questions so that we can make sure it's the right fit and your goals are realistic and we can go ahead and vet the right athletes. So start off with off season only. I do not start off with preps and those that are wanting just lifestyle updates and being able to have that accountability tool in their system. So again, looking forward to seeing you guys online with that and being able to slowly build that up, something I've been wanting to work on for years now and we are finally launching it. So again, check it out, honeyrambod.com. Thanks for the question. Right, next question is from Anthony, who her tech? Sorry if I'm butchering your last name. First time competing, best advised for a nanny bodybuilder. So best advice is something I just discussed, making sure that you stay strong, make sure that you document everything. Get the notebook. Again, I have one in front of me right now. I always use a notebook. You want to be able to put together a plan and see how you're progressing and then you be able to go back to it to see what you could have done differently, what worked and what didn't work and make sure that you're constantly doing picture updates. In the beginning of a prep, I like to be able to start off at 16 weeks out with once a week, then go to twice a week around 12 to 14 weeks out, then three times a week when you start getting about three, about eight weeks out, that's three times a week and then as we get closer daily. So that's the protocol I use for my clients. That's what I suggest a lot of people use and then be able to track everything. Not only just your diet, but also your training. So you can see your lifts, your the weights you're using, the repetitions, any intensity techniques, if you're doing drop sets, if you're doing any of those things, make sure you put those down. You do not need anything super fancy to be able to do those things. A good ol' fashion notebook or putting it into your iPhone or your Android phone and being able to just document those things on the daily and how much cardio you're doing, obviously putting everything in there that you're ingesting into your body is super important, especially when you're an adi because what you want to do is you want to be able to say, hey look, you know, I'm taking this much creatine. This is when I took creatine. I took it before the workout. I'm taking it after the workout. This is when how many scoops of protein powder I've been using a day. This is how much beef I'm taking in, how much fish. This is how much, you know, whether it's other sources, egg whites. Be able to make sure that you're taking a look at it because if you go after two to three days and you're seeing yourself really progress and you say, wait a minute, I thought I was doing five meals, but I was only doing four and now that I've been doing five, I can see a huge change, reduction and soreness, muscle fullness. All of those things, you can kind of go back and say, wow, I can really track what I've been doing. So as simple as it sounds, many, many people don't do this. This is why being able to really put down and document the procedure and the process is going to make all the difference in the world. And that's why having coaches makes such a difference because they're going to remind you of all of these things, but if you can't afford a coach or if you're just trying to self coach right now for whatever reason, these are the things that you really need to do to be able to progress to the next level and you can learn from the previous contest prep. All right, the next question here, from mighty thunder, 5x, how much protein should we take per day? Again, it's very variable, but I tend to like one to one and a half grams of protein per pound of body weight. Now, if you are at a huge calorie deficit or you're trying to be able to do a major cut, you want to be in the upper range of that. Have I seen some athletes go to two grams? Absolutely, but usually when it's two grams, what they're doing is they're going into maybe two grams of lean body weight versus just pure body weight, especially if they're very heavy set or you're trying to come down from a very high-up out of body fat. But on average, if you use one to one and a half grams of protein per pound of body weight, you're at that point where you're going to be able to maximize recovery and as long as you're breaking it up, every two to three hours. I am not a believer and I've heard some coaches out there say, hey, look, it doesn't matter what kind of protein you're taking in. I do not believe in that. I believe it can't just be from way of protein all day long. I believe it has to be mixed sources. So, one to two shakes a day, perfectly fine, post work out, maybe a little bit of protein in the morning with your oatmeal, totally fine. Agwhites, you want to throw in an egg white meal? Great, but don't throw in five egg white meals. I feel that many of you out there speak in absolute and I do not believe in that. I feel like a well-rounded diet, even when it comes to protein sources is so, so important. So, therefore, a normal diet for me, consists of one to two meals of just straight beef, a lean ground beef, one at least egg white meal could be up to two and then the rest is either coming from chicken, fish or lean cuts of turkey and that's how I tend to build out my programs. So, nothing super fancy but not in absolute. Not when you're hitting nothing but egg whites or nothing but one type of meals. Now, there are some people out there that do really, really well with a lot of again, you got to be careful kind of fish you use, but at the end of the day, if you feel better because you just have less bloating and things like chicken tend to blow you, then you do want to be able to lean towards types of proteins that work well with your system. But try to be able to use diversification for proteins, but again, this also extends to carbs as well. So, when you're putting together a meal plan, make sure you don't go too crazy on the way protein, one at two shakes a day is fine, try not to go above that, make sure even when it comes to beef, you can do beef off season, but try not to overdo the beef either. So, one to two meals a day is fine, especially when it comes to the off season, throw it into beef meals a day's awesome, but throwing in salmon, same thing goes. You want to be able to do a salmon meal here and there, no problem, but you shouldn't be doing salmon all throughout the day and I've seen all kinds of crazy sent over to me and I just feel like making sure you have that variability and that flexibility, not only is it going to help your mind, but it's also going to help your body. Next question, from Team Big Monkey, why doesn't Hotty speak English? I'd have mentioned this and addressed it several times, but I'll address it again because some of you are new to the channel, and Hotty doesn't speak English because it's very difficult for him to hear himself being able to pronounce words in English because he's deaf. So, he has hearing impaired severely, he's not completely deaf, but we'll just say he's hearing impaired, and it becomes much more difficult when if you have to imagine this, try to actually speak a word that you would know how it's properly phrased or how it's properly pronounced, and enunciation I believe is the word for it, and what needs to happen is you be able to hear yourself, and he can't hear you say it properly for him to be able to actually say it and try to repeat the word. So again, the fact that he's hearing impaired is causing him the learning disability on when it comes to learning proper English. So hopefully that clear that whole thing up, it's not because he doesn't want to learn it, he has taking classes and he is something that he has picked up some more words, but it's very difficult with him because if you really pay attention, he's got two hearing aids in there and they do their best they can, but they don't always work. I've been behind him turning around, talking to him and he doesn't turn around because he doesn't hear me. So again, he has a major hearing impairment, and that's why. Next question, from Huzifa, Jujara, how to correct imbalances in cemetery of the lats. So if you have a lat cemetery issue, it's usually due to an injury or you could have some bound up tissue. It happens a lot. What I tend to do is really make sure that number one, you're getting muscle work done. Number two, and why say muscle work? I mean, we're talking about deep tissue, we're talking about ART, which is actively released therapy and making sure that you're doing things on pull downs, when on pull downs, instead of using it just a fixed bar. So putting a D handle on a lat pull down would work really, really well. I have pinotopieses of equipment. So what I do is make sure that we're unlocking many of the mechanisms because sometimes you can lock and we can use bilateral or we can turn around and be able to use one side of time with ISO. And that is super, super important because if you're trying to work one body part, it isn't more than the other, or it might give out and we need to do extra reps and sets, then we should be able to do single arm work. That even goes down to when I'm dumbbell rows, where you might have to be able to really do extra couple of reps even when you go to failure, rest for a few seconds and do some extra reps. Sometimes you even work extra sets. And again, I've been talking about this for many, many years, but you have to be able to work on it. It's not going to feel itself. So fix it with being able to get therapy, but also make sure while you're in the gym, you give it extra attention. Next question from Calvo Marcelo, honey, what are your three strategies to maximize recovery between intense training sessions? So three strategies I'm going to give you is number one, you've got to get enough rest. Make sure you're taking enough time between workouts. Make sure you're not training when you're still sore. So that normally is three to four days for my athletes. Sometimes it could be a little bit longer. It's usually not shorter. So you got to have that rest. When I say rest, it's also sleep. So I'm going to bind those together into one. The days between the workout, I'm using the same body part again, training the same body part again, but also making sure you're getting at least seven hours of sleep. So back in the day, we would also try to even nap after training. They would train, eat, take a nap, eat again. So again, in a perfect world, nowadays, so many people are so hyped up on pre-workout. It's hard for them to go out to sleep right after their training, but it was something that is super important, but now between social media, being able to get your posts, doing all the other things that go along with becoming a professional body builder, it's become much tougher. But if you do have that ability to take a nap after you train, that's going to also be into that rest category. Number two, your nutrition. You have to get the ample amounts of protein every two to three hours, especially when you're dieting. So if you're in a caloric deficit, it's especially important. So make sure you're getting your protein every two to three hours. The third thing is to make sure you can add supplements. Supplements work so well. I love essential amino acids, taking throughout the day. I think they work great. I think the B-Tain also helps too, because it helps with inflammation. So it really, really helps with taking all the different supplements that are available now. Creatine, which is one of the most studied supplements out there, helps with that strength, that torque, muscle fullness, works amazingly well, nitric oxide, boosters, precursors, work great for pump and blood flow, vasodilation, all of those things. So again, might have been more than three, but that's the three that I recommend the most. All right. The next question here, from Pedram. We got Pedram asking, tell us more about the FS-7 app, please. Well, I'm going to go ahead and combine that with the other question that was coming in right past that, which is about the app, but it was also about the video that I posted up around my Instagram talking about a day in the life. And some people were asking me why I did not post that on my public channel. Well, I'm giving exclusive content to the FS-T-7 app. So it's not just workouts that I put together, but it also has exclusive content in there. So again, I just purchased a vehicle, something that ordered a while back, finally showed up and wanted to show a little bit of a day in the life thing on the vehicle the delivery day. And I put that in the app. So again, not only are you getting workouts in there that are specific to body parts and it's constantly getting updated, but you're seeing some exclusive workouts and you're seeing some exclusive content in there, just like the day in the life video that some of you guys had mentioned to me, why is it on YouTube? Some of you thought that I might have deleted it. It's not been deleted. It's actually on the app. So if you're a member of my FS-T-7 app, go check it out. You can see the workouts in there, but you can also see some exclusive content. And if you're not a member, you get a chance to go and try it out right now. So go to honeyrandballad.com and download the FS-T-7 app. Good for iOS as well as Android and check out the exclusive content as well as the exclusive workouts. So again, appreciate you all. Honeyrandballad.

=== FILE: FST-7 ARM DAY WITH JARED FEATHER & HANY RAMBOD [GtOvfvbReIE].txt ===

If you die, Zee dies. We didn't do legs, this is arms. Oh my God. Oh my God. I have none other than the one and only Mr. Mohawk himself. The IFBB Pro men's classic physique. Competitor also known as Jared Feather, Jared. Hello. Welcome back to the Eveogen Gen. We've been trying to get you back in here for a while. You've been traveling all around the world. Literally one year. Yeah, like to date almost. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'll be down there. I'm going to be, I'm just going to be in this part of Texas and I come and see you. And then all of a sudden, it's like, I'm back in Vegas. Or I was filming somewhere. We got a call. We got a film somewhere. Yeah, you have somewhere else. Yeah, somewhere else. So just briefly, want to just make sure that everybody kind of knows. It's been a crazy year for you. Right? You've been traveling all around the world. You got a lot of stuff going on. Obviously, right now, you just came off of your last show. And what is the planet at this point? At this time, to really take an off season. And then, honey, it's going to be all my ass about that for the last year and a half anyway. And just really take time to come down, go into a maintenance diet for good eight weeks. And then start to kind of ramp things up and go to a real true off season, doing everything properly, like, tracked off season, dedicate the body building for a little bit. Because I, you know, I never really have, like, you know, traveling all like this all the time. And it's, it's impossible. But I'm going to, you know, stay in one place for as long as I can. Do a real off season, probably not prep for a whole year. Put on the size that I need you on my back and bring up the other weak body parts, like, what we're doing today. Yeah, we're going to use some arms. Jared doesn't usually do arms. But the other thing we're going to also do is we're going to jump on a podcast. We're going to talk a little bit about the trials and tribulations when you know just a little too much. Because, you know, him, we got Dr. Mike, we got to talk about that. When you end up having a bit too much information, just like moms and dads that are out there that might be watching this, you end up just completely getting in the weeds on every little thing when your kid gets sick and you're like, he could have 10 different elements from a common cold all the way to cancer, God forbid. But at the end of the day, such same situation that happened with Jared Feather, I feel this last year, where you end up bouncing because you know so much and you feel like you can manipulate so much. But there's some things that you can't manipulate and you can't manipulate time. So what we're going to talk about, even a little bit during the workout too, we'll talk about it, but especially on the podcast is we're going to talk about the lack of knowing too much and how that can be a detriment to you as a bodybuilder, but it can help your clients tremendously. But when it comes to you, you don't end up being able to fulfill the plan that you should be doing because you're too busy trying to execute everybody else's plan while you're trying to just kind of push yourself a little too much when you're in the middle of competing. So oftentimes you just gotta be, and that's why I say coaches, higher coaches, like you just gotta be lazy to fare sometimes, like you just gotta take the freaking hands off the wheel. And I'm excited to do that a little bit actually. Yeah. So we're going to talk a lot about that too, but we're going to go ahead and get this thing started. We're going to go ahead, little EDP RTD, and then hit a little bit of the Penauda standing total arm. And we're going to have a really good time hitting biceps and triceps talking about philosophies while we train. You ready? No, no, no, it's just right. So today we're going to go ahead and put Jared through one of my FSC7 arm workouts. Again, he's not used to doing bice and tries together. We're just kind of warming it up on the standing bicep curl machine, the Penauda. How's that feel? I love this thing. Yeah. Yeah, we have it a couple of gyms and maybe it's gotten popular now. Where you can find any Penauda now, officer, and it's popping up everywhere. It's great. Might add something to do with them. Yeah, a little bit. Let's go ahead. Let's say me and you have, I know you back in the day had really good pressing strength and good triceps. Yeah. So you're probably similar to me. We're starting with biceps. Yeah. But as somebody has weak triceps, you'd probably tell them to start with 100%. Yeah. And I like to lift a little bit. Do a little bit of a different variant. Many people out there will always stick to one type of curl throughout the single range emotion for that particular exercise. And what I like to do is kind of feel it through where if I want to get create a little bit more tension at the very top or lift the elbows, even at the last part of the actual exercise, being able to just lift because I kind of go by feel. Be able to say, okay, let's just lift the elbows on this last three reps of that given set. I don't feel like anybody needs to. If you want to, it's okay. But if you need to kind of fit within certain boundaries, right? So as you're doing a curl, if you feel like you're bringing your elbows up and getting a little bit more of that upper bicep tendon, you're kind of going in there, by all means. Yeah. I mean, that's part of the action of the bicep is to lift that front though, like that. Yeah, but you know what I mean to that. Yeah, but a lot of people also think that it's really just, there's only one way of doing something. There's so many different ways of skin and that. And that's the thing, like you said, with one variation. So like this is a pretty decent variation. Yeah. And I assume we'll do another one bicep exercise after this. That's probably more of a stretch-based variation. Yeah. Like whether that's a cable curl behind the back. Yeah, like I like doing that too. Yeah. I love those. There's a couple of different, you know, options on some panodic equipment too, that we can do. But I do. That's one of my favorite ones. I was having C-bumb doing those a lot behind the back cable. Yeah. Yeah. Really. So then again, same thing, lifting at the very top just to get a little bit more, even to get a little with that front belt as your, there you go. Good. Good. Good. Control that eccentric now. There you go. Good. So, that's it. Four reps there. That way we'll probably put me in the 15 to 20 range. What do you want? 10 to 15? Yeah. So a little heavier. Yeah. So I was what three or four. Yeah. So on the next one, I'll go to my working load, it'll probably tend to 15 pounds heavier. Right. And I'll do like one or two reps. Okay. And then that kind of like primes the nervous system with all the, sure. So then when I go into my working sets, I'm not, because you'll probably hear, we might have talked about this last time. People often say, oh man, set two, feel so much better. Mm-hmm. Especially with like squatting pattern. Yeah. Yeah. Because they didn't go in prime the nervous system for the working load. They'll go like 315, 415 and go right into a set. Right. If they were just done 415 or a couple, backed off, take your breath, get two minutes later, hit the set. Right. Then that makes the first set feel the best. Right. Right. So when we used to do that 25, 30 years ago, we would call that basically a set to settle your system. Right. So you're trying to sell your body. You're trying to make sure that your body's understanding of very heavy working load, especially like you said, squats going in there and doing three to five reps. And then turning around and priming the pump, saying, okay, my knees, my hips, everything you're settled, it knows what's about to come up. Now let's go ahead and let's start doing that in the higher rep range. Yep. Yeah. And people do that a lot to the, I say anywhere from like, in sports science with like actual potential, you have some stuff for sport athletes. It's like 5 to 10% over the working load. Uh-huh. Because most of that's like power based stuff. Right. So even sometimes with like a leg press, let's say, or bench press, I might, let's say working load is 315. I'll go to like 335. I'll hit a double. Okay. I'll come back down with your 15 and 2 to 3 minutes later, hit my working sets. Gotcha. Yeah. So it just feels way lighter. Yeah. And you can actually do more stuff with it. Right. We'll trick. All the shit we teach is like, yeah, the guys did this. They didn't name to it. Exactly. And then, exactly. So all this, all this dumb shit, all these names, mess of cycles, I'm like, do, everybody trains like this. Yeah. Everybody's putting their pants in names to a lot of things that we've been doing for a long time. And a lot of those theories just end up being, some of the ages even, bro science, and then they become proven a little bit later. 100%. Yeah. All the time. Especially in the end of all of the room. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. Can't do studies about that. So. Sorry. It's working set one for you. Let's go. All right. Come on, honey. Yeah. Yep. Oh, that felt good. It's like I'm trying to micle over those, like, and then the tank. Yeah. That's good. That's good. That's actually feels good. It feels good. It feels good. It feels a little stim in you. It feels like, okay, let's do this. You know? Yeah. What about you in terms of sleep and rats right now? Like, what are you doing? I don't see how I can nullify it until 1 a.m. I took a 3 a.m flight here, so. So it's very little. Let's go. Three. Good. Good. There you go. Good control. You notice he's controlling that eccentric? There. Good job, Jared. Is driving up? It's time to get huge, brother. Let's go. Good. Good control. Really good control. Drive it up. Control. There you go. Keep going. Keep going. Good. You got two more in you. Let's go. Easy. Up. Good work. Come on. Good. Keep going now. That's super easy. Drive. Drive. Good. Another one. Good. Not even helping you, yeah, brother. Let's go. Go. Again. Go. Go. Up. Up. Slow. Slow. Good job. That's it. Ooh. Here's my glasses. You're not lying either. Ooh. Good job. It's good job. All right. I got one more on this. As I see after this. Yeah. We're going to do is we're going to another. I would really like to see what you think of that. Yeah, pernata. Upright curl. Yeah. Yeah. See how you know, would do a couple sets on there and then finish on the stretch. We'll do an FSC 7 set on there in between with some flex. Two sets of each. Yes. Yeah. Perfect. That's it. Six total working sets of biases. That's about what I would cap. Yeah. Oh, bicep session. Which is. You know, you think about doing that four times a week. There you go. Yeah. I think you can get away with twice. That's one of those things. For sure. Where's we going to write this on the podcast. Yeah. It's about the volume and sensitivity relationship. Yeah. People can put it. If you can just understand that and love your training, you will make progress. It doesn't matter if it's while I enjoy the heavy fucking loads. And I'm taking every set of failure. And I'm all going to do six sets of body part per week. If you're having fun and you enjoy that shit and you have a good technique. You're going to make progress. I'm not going to tell you or not. Do I think a little more volume is probably better? Absolutely. Or if you hate it, absolutely fucking not. No. Absolutely. You know, even like right now, I want to do something where I'm going to be in that eight to ten rep range. Yeah. That's it. And I want to go as heavy as I can. And I want to really feel that eccentric like that weight. Yeah. So that it can really work on getting my strength up. So that when I can do volume, I'm doing it with heavier weight. Let's just go a little heavier. Let's see how that. Yeah. So much arguing online about all this shit. And it's just like that is the 90% volume intensity relationship. Two, three, good money. Oh, five. Come on. Okay. Three. One. There you go. You throw shoulders back. Stretch them by yourself. Yeah. There you go. All the way. All the way. My man. Come on. More. Come on. Make sure that's big stretch. Make sure that's big stretch. There you go. Yeah. Good stuff. Good stuff. Woo. All right. All right. Is this your second working? Yep. Perfect. So whatever weight you want, then we'll move that up just a tiny bit. Just because you're just about a half inch taller than me. After. Me and Mike are about same height, right? Five, six. Yeah. Here you're like basically the same height. How to. Just much better. I'll give you. Yeah. You're better looking. That's it. You heard that here. Mike. Much better looking you. That's it. Got the model, looks. Yeah. Jared trains the better looking Mike. That's it. Yeah. The Persian Professor. I love you. I love it. We got this. Is Rayleigh Professor? I love it. And we got the Persian Professor. Oh, let's go. Let's go. All right. Very good. Good. Notice how Jared likes to really lean back. What he's trying to do is he's really trying to maximize the stretch on his biceps. Keep the shoulders back out of play. Good. Good. Excellent. Keep it going. Come on. It's the last set on this. Keep moving. Keep it moving. Come on, Jared. Good. These are the winning reps right here. These are the ones that count the most. Right here. Another. Another. Up. Up. Up. Up. Now nice and slow. That's it. Nice and slow. Excellent job. Beautiful. Good. Good. That's it. Good. Good. That's it. Let's do it. No, let's do it. Another set. That's another exercise. And then we'll come in and we'll do some FSC7 flex sets. Oh, even the C2 one? Yeah. Yeah, you just said, I use it a cult fitness all the time. Which one do you have? They have the incline. No, they have the C-dits. I believe. They're upright. Yeah. Okay. Which one do you want to try? No, they have this one because we don't have armpits. Let's try this one. Yeah, let's try this one then. So you like to do it singular both. I like to do both. I like to do both. I like to do both. I like to do both. The only thing I usually do like an eye isolated, colon is the preacher. So I can shift my body in this direction. Yeah. If you have a big asymmetry, then I feel like being able to do one, especially doing some extra reps. And then maybe going back and doing next or set. Yeah. We're just the weaker arm. I feel like it's really, I think the issue with the preacher girl though is just a put your elbows here. Uh-huh. So your forearms out of line. So if you can just do a single on the preacher, you can turn it. Yeah, you can turn it. Four-sure elbow with this direction. And you can supernatment the hell out of it. My favorite one to do an isolation on them. These, this is a phenomenal exercise. I love these. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So now again, you saw me do about six reps. These are again, what I call a fewer sets. You're just feeling out the warm up because you're already warm but you're just trying to get a new range of motion. There's a new new machine. Usually anywhere from four to six reps, you feel it out. Yep. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Come on. Oh yeah. All right. You're not going to be a little trained for that couple of days but it's alright. So what happens when you start to work out with somebody who knows what they're doing? Because then you're like, okay, I got to step it up a little bit. Yeah. You're going to be a little sore. Yeah. It's okay. Yeah. Put some weight on there, big boy. Come on. Let's go. Boom. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's it. Good breath. That's it. Good. Again. Good. Come on. Come on, Chair. All the way. Good. Again. One more. Come on. Oh. Oh, it's slow. Slow. Good. Again. Drive it. Easy. Easy. Keep it moving. Easy. That was a lightweight. Again. You got this. Get him to grow. Get him to grow. Slow. Good stretch. Good job. See, I was a much better spotter than he was. He didn't give me all that extra. He just want me to get his biggest him. That's what it is. I'm holding you back. I'm not going to make a comeback. This is why Mike didn't win his last show. No, he didn't come back. Was it because of anything else? This is what happened. He always wants to be the biggest. Was the rip dude in the gym? Yes. I figured out the conspiracy. I thought when I was doing Nick, I just trained him. I don't train with him. Yeah. That's right. I'm going to clean up. I'm not going to win that one. That's it. That's it. Oh my god. That's it. Yeah. Very good. If we figured out the reason why Mike didn't win his show. That's a Jared's favorite. That's right. Let's start the rumors, man. That's right. I'm sorry. Watch and Mike get shit. Yeah. Directed toward my flash and mo walk or whatever. I'll put on for 55. So I think that was good for me. That was good. That was good. That was good for me. All right. So I said on this. Get this work in here. Quick stretches. There you go. Hell yeah. Come on. Come on. Yep. Come on honey. Go chill chill chill chill. Let's go. Yep. Yep. Yep. Nice to meet you. What? Walk if you're a horse. Come on. Yep. Yep. Beautiful man. All the way. Control all the way. Hell yeah. Ooh. You're gonna do your own flex sets. You're not gonna do that. I'm not that good yet. Wait till I get a little bit better. Then I'll start doing doing sort of doing some. Flies. I don't feel like worthy enough to. Flex yet. But I'm definitely not. That's it. That's it. On stage to. I was right at the cap to about 12 to 19 when I got on stage. Where do you feel about that morning at 2.17 so far has been your best look to date? Uh. I'll say. Nationals, Dallas, Europe, 2021 and our GV last year and this year. Mm-hmm. We're all very comparable and different ways. And I do for the love of the shit. So yeah. It is what it is man. I always have a good time. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good job, Jared. Good. If you notice he's also using his wrist to even stretch a little further, he's going into the forearm on the very bottom portion right there. And as he comes back up, full contraction, very top. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Again. Uh. Good. Good. Good. Good. Just one more. One more. Good. Uh. Good. Good. I'm just helping you. I'm just enough barely touching. Nice and slow. Slow. Slow. Good. Good job. Excellent. Good. All right. Good job on that. There you go. Now let's see what you look like. Get a little body fat on you. No for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Let's hit a front double and let's see what that looks like. Okay. Sit your legs. Okay. Good. There you go. Good. All right. And what we can do is we want to supinate the wrists a little bit more there. You go much better. Good. Bring your fingers in. Talk to fingers in. Good. And then turn that wrist. That's it. That's it. Good. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good job. There you go. Oh, it's done. There you go. Oh, yes. Your arms go look like they just got pumped up with it. The bicycle pump of the S nice. That's so. That's not of supination as rough man. Yeah. Yeah. That's what's going to get you really, really sore. Yeah. And that's going to help you get the peak. I mean, peaks are 100% genetic. But you can accentuate what you do have by making sure that you really accentuate the supination of the wrist. We do actually. We're seeing a lot of growth. Specifically occurring because of that really deep. Eastern trick. So for people who do struggle. Look what happened to Irres, right? Exactly. You know. And he probably just wanted it to. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure I don't know anybody else that was doing it. That was a top guy versus the guy he competed against the prior week in Italy. A quinted it again. You're ready to be quinting. Yeah. But he looked crazy earlier. I was watching it. Definitely need to up the weight. That was. You're going to probably need a couple couple more plates on there. Oh, here we go. Good. How's that feel? I'm going to overtrain my biceps. Oh, you're going to be fine. You're just going to. Yeah. You mean today we're in general. Today because I haven't trained for a week, right? Yeah. So this is a lot of volume jumping right back here. That's good. That's good. You're just going to have to just rub some anabolic. I'll be all going to be there. I'll be there. It's a little dull cam in me. No cam. But a lecture KSM66. I just got mine in the mail too. Did you? Yeah. Awesome. Have you slept on it yet? I took it a couple nights ago. But I was already up until like 11. Got you. So I took it and I laid there till 1230. Walk up to ours later. Walk up to ours later. Yeah. That was my own fault. I should've taken it like seven. Yeah. Went about it nine. Yeah. That was a good idea. I was going to take it seven to eight. Yeah. And then house kind of chilly out on it. I want to go back. Could also gone to supposed to be before the other sleep shit. Right. Take a meltdown in an hour after that and all other stuff. And meltdown makes me groggy. Yeah. So I don't always take it. But the effort gone to I can wake up at yeah. It just fresh for me. You know. So I get up much more. My HR visa better. Yeah. On Ashwood Gonda. Then I don't meltdown in as well. Yeah. If you can take the effort gone to. It's going to be clearly come off that phone. Like you said earlier. That's that's the hard part getting up your phone. And just chill and watch you know. Dem light room. Maybe it's in TV with the family. Yeah. And chill out. It'll put your ass to sleep. That's for sure. There you go. Yeah. You're going to have your. Yeah. Definitely got to go a little heavier for me. Because I thought it was going to be too heavy for the. The 80 it was too heavy. So I should have done 77. So I'll do 77 next set. I like these a lot for teaching people. Because when you get somebody who is used to. You get your entire guys all the time. You coach so many young guys. I'm going to do 77. I'm going to do 77. I like these a lot for teaching people. Because when you get somebody who is used to. You get your entire guys all the time. You coach so many young guys. And most of them like eagle lift first. Five years in the training. Six years in the training. It's all just moving. Show around. All right. Oh, I got a pump. Let's go. If you TV. It's training. Let's go. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Focus. Hold there. Excellent. Much bigger, bro. Definitely. You're later. Yeah. It's good. Good. Control. Good. Good. Good. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. You got two. You got two. Come on, Jared. Big arms. Big arms. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Good. Good. That's it. Good job. Someone can go ahead and get into the DMs. Somebody can help him. Shampoo his hair. Yeah. I need a little. I need a little. I need a little. I need a little. I need a little. I need a little. I need a little. And then that's it. I'm going to hotel hotel where it doesn't need DM me. That's it. I'll be gone by the time. We're going to put it up on IG. Put it on story. What a come watch. Good. Yes. Come over. I want you my ass wipe too. Good point. Holy sh. It's like when I trained Jay for the first time when we were getting ready for the 2009 Mr. Olympia. And then the first body part he flipped San Jose was arms. And we were doing an F.S.D.7 arm workout. And I had him flexing and we were doing spyar curls. And then he must throw up doing spyar. He's like never trained arms as hard as I was. Yeah man. It was just like good times man. It was a good time. There you go Jay Kelly. One of the biggest of all time on record saying he's never taken a set the failure. Yeah. That's it. She got to go close to failure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's a volume guy. 100%. Yeah. He did the right. Like I said, the volume to relative effort and intensity of the load relationship is he had an ailed man. Yeah. He knew he wasn't taking all of the sets of failure. So he did more volume because he could. Yeah. And not everybody could do yeah. But he training. Right. They didn't have the joint. They didn't have the overall muscle torque. And sometimes it's not even as fun for most people. Ronnie fucking loved it. Ronnie loved it. And if you try to do that with Phil I'd barium. He would have tore his rotator. And tore his voice. He was a basketball player with a versus Ronnie was a linebacker. Right. And a piloter. And a powerlifter. Right. And your resiliency. It's not something people talk about often. Well, that's part of genetics. Just that funny. There you go. Get that control. Come on. Yeah. Big stretch. Come on. Don't let it control you in the end range. You control it. Yeah. Hell yeah. I feel it's out of stone. Come on. Let's go. Beautiful. Let's go. One more. Good stuff. Good stuff. Yep. Yep. You guys don't realize how much he's grown in the last year. I mean, he's put on a good almost way. That'd be about eight to ten pounds. Yeah. Yeah. He's in between eight to ten pounds. And there's ways of doing eight to ten pounds of just mass and versus quality tissue. And he's put on quality tissue. That's why he's going to look really, really good when he just gets a little bit of muscle ratio. Yeah. Let's go. Good. Very good. Good job. Good. Good job. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Come on, Jerry. Excellent. Drive it. Good. Drive. Good, good, go, go, go. Good. This is it. This is it. Good. Control, control, good. Again, again, again, Jared, again, Jared, all the way. Let's go. I could. Begarm's on stage. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Good job, relax. Slow, slow, tension. Keep that tension up. Good job. Beautiful. Textbook, guys. Textbook. Wow. That's good. Let's go ahead and you want to start on. Yeah. On, you like this part? Yeah, this part is not bad. We can try that. See how you like it? I think it's really easy on the wrist. So I do a lot like Jay did. Uh-huh. I think it's the better stretch for the tries. Do you like them out here? I like you. I like you less stretch out here. I think this is actually my stretch. I like them here. And then what I do is, I create a variability where, if I want to come up, I'll do a couple of jobs. Exactly. Right. So I'll go into almost like a pseudo-scope pressure from there. And then if I wanted to create more stretch because then I can drive up here and go down. And then, but again, there's different versions of this. I think that's what people will call a mechanical drop set where you go from the hardest positions to the easiest. Right. So like if this variation where I'm stretching behind the body because this is way harder. Yeah. If it's whenever I fail here, I could like do what you said. Yeah, bring it up. And there you go, boom. Because that's easy. That's easy. Right. Exactly. Yeah, that's a good intensity technique. I like that. Let's go. Let's go. Let's start off. A little boy. Let's go, buddy. Come on. So I'm going to run through the warmer processes to the try. Let's go. Good. There you go. What I'll use on this. See how that feels? I haven't done these in forever. And again, I did shoulders yesterday. What have you for me on that shoulder press on the panata press? Yeah. Yeah. And I ended up getting a couple of really good working sets of 15 and then eventually down to 12. And just start to feeling really, really good. And then eventually like to get back into Smith machine and you know, to shoulder press on that Smith machine and try to get back to two to two and a half plates eventually. Would you, so this is a good question for you. Because we talk about frequency right? Yep. Would you because of that today? Yep. Reduce your tricep volume 100%. 100%. I feel my triceps. And so I still want to hit them because I didn't isolate them. But you do have to go off a feel, right? So what you want to do, a pump sticking, huh? Arms and plate of... Yes, it. Let's go. Probably the sushi I have before. Yeah. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Got a pump with one set. Drive. Good. Again. Good. Drive. Excellent. Come on, Jared. Good. Good. One more. You got one more. I'll help you. Let's go. Let's go. Big triceps on stage. Push. Easy. Easy. Easy. One more. One more. You got this. Come on. Come on. Come on. You got this. Come on, Jared. Come on, Jared. Show me. Show me. Oh, yes. Push down. Push down. Push down. Push. Push. Good. Right there. Oh, good job. You seem to come in hang out for a week. Yeah. Okay. 20 pounds. That's like Marcus Rul. He's taking that toilet. What's that? He's taking that toilet. Oh, yes. That's for sure. He's going that way. 100% Oh, Marcus. One time I was at a show like 25 years ago. And I saw Marcus Rul pull out. I think it was the Olympia. And he comes over and he has this big massive guy. And he's got this little cigarette. Oh, my God. With a little cigarette. And I was like, is that Marcus Rul? It's a European thing, right? Of course. Your penis, you know, especially back then you'd see him. And he's like, you know, we're going to shoot him and make a team of intellectual relax. I asked him show today. But there's a lot of guys that were doing it in Europe. And I was like, and you close your wake it out here. We've never seen the States, right? I was like, big old guy with this little cigarette. It was like, can we? Yeah. You know, my God. I don't know how you've got that to his mouth. This peaked for ridiculous. His whole body was ridiculous. He's not like the guys that couldn't really do this. No, not just said. It's far more than smash into his. Just go honey. Yeah, next piece. Come on. There you go. Oh, I'm so troll. Nice stretch. Here you go. Yep. Yeah, I thought drops. I didn't love it. It's like a bitch. Let's go. Oh, yeah, come on. Oh, nice. All right, guys. So when in use of standard push down technique, then went over to four facing almost like a, you know, a pseudo skull crusher that you stretch a little bit more that try set. Feel like you go close to failure with one range of motion and then going right to another one and then drop set that set fashion and try that home. I think you'll really enjoy it. So it changes in a load you just go into a more mechanically out of the position. One hundred percent. Yeah. The mountains are covered with a little too much snow in the spring. It'll dry up and snow. Snow. Oh, it's a way so you could see there. That's a phenomenal analogy. I love that analogy. I'm going to use that. The peaks of the Himalayas. Mine's more like some red rockers. Right. Right. Right. Just, yeah, just outside of Las Vegas. Yeah. A little bit of snow and then a little dusting of snow during the winter months. That's it. It's just like mountains. Your body was meant to. And your mirror, mirror the mountains. I'm off there. Yep. How's that way? Oh, I think it'll be good. Oh, good. Good. This is it. Last working set on this. Come on, buddy. Oh, good. Good. Good. That's it. Good. Super solid pump. Good. Okay. Push push push push push push push. You got one more. Come on, Jerry. Come on. Good. Make the reps count. Good. What? Let's go all in front. Let's go on front. Let's go. There you go. Good. That's it. Good. Bend the elbows. Stretch up. That's it. Good. Feel the burn. Feel that stretch and burn. Good. Keep it going. Keep it going. Good. Go again. Again. Good. Good. Go. Good stretch stretch. Up. Good. One more. One more. Stretch up. Drive. Give me two partials. Up. Off the top. Go up. Stretch. Go halfway down. Go. One more. Up. That's it. Fucker. Ha ha. Told you you should have chose legs. Well, having more fun. I'm stuck, man. That's awesome. That's honestly. Oh my god. I really firmly believe that you have to go through these types of workouts. And I call these workouts break through workouts because what they do is they reset your mentality of that body part. When you actually have a really good workout, it really takes you to another place. So you actually start to enjoy training those body parts that you weren't enjoying. Those break through workouts are going to retrain and remap your brain into thinking, I'm going to enjoy this workout. Let me do it. And that's what's going to help you grow because if you are constantly going, God, I really don't like that one that body part. You will not grow with that body part 100% guarantee. But if you can turn around and put a little bit more intent, put the phone away. Turn around. Go with intent. Make sure that you really feel the muscle group that you're trying to focus on. You will 100% be able to break those pothos. And use that just to try to like press out from this angle. And if that does bother shoulders or elbows or whatever, you can always do the neutral. I don't think there's too much of a difference in the activation of the choice up. No. It feels good. Actually, I think the fact that I did shoulders just actually actually helps a little bit, because it's not as tight. Good. Raise the weight for the next set. Yeah, it's just a nice variation for it, especially for like you said, short arm guys might have trouble getting those positions. You can pull this thing as far forward as you need to. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Good. Let's go, Joe. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah, I'm so not used for the range of motion that it's like, you started getting the shakes and it's good because it feels different. Yeah, completely. You know, you get that deep stretch in the triceps now too. Yeah, there's not like the long rope for these, because it's one implement and it feels a lot more stable. Okay. Because you're controlling two months at one time, so it's kind of like a similar like a tricep push donor, right? Like that two of these and you're trying to do them. It's going to be different. But it's not terrible. That's pretty light. Why should you do like six? And then what we'll do is we'll raise the weight. Good. Got you. Let's go. Go. Where did I have it on before? 30. So let's go 40. Let's see how that feels. Jacob, we could do 140 on these. Oh, let's do this. Let's see how it feels. Yeah, it leaves that position. You're not used to. Yeah, very much. Yeah. Feels good though. Yeah, good. I'll all yourself to feel it. Really control that. There you go. One. One. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. One. Ooh. I don't feel. Burning. Good. So what happens when you're not used to doing arms? Train arms. Feels good though. All right. Good. Two. You're right. Five. Five. All the stabilizers are kicking in. Yeah. So it feels good. But you can really feel that you got to be able to really work harder. Then it feels a fixed plane machine. Good. Good. Keep going. Come on. Good. Nice stretch. Nice stretch back. Good. Good. Good. Come on, Jared. Come on. Good. Two. Two. Two. Two. Come on. Up. One more. Right. Good job. Slow. Slow. Feel the burn. Burn. Good job. Good. Woo. Yeah. It's. It's going to be one of those things. You know, I'm going to be locking up tonight. You know, I'm going to wash my hair later. I'm going to be. Do you ever get that still? Yeah. Yeah. When you have a really good session, then your arms start to, like, start to, Yeah. You get all of the muscle fibers are just all the way to the end of the night. And then all of a sudden you're just like, oh man, I got to bring my head to the toothbrush and do this. So I can't like do this. I was having a huge, huge issue doing that when I was competing because. Just going. Oh, feels good. There you go. Don't let the position control you. You got to control it right there. Yeah. We need to get you to the position there. Yeah, honey. Okay. Enough. Go on. Come on. Two. Two. Two. Control. One. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it likes it. Whoo. All right, guys. So we're going to go give you a little F.S.E.7 tip here. So normally what we'd be doing, even if you're in the off seasons, especially when you're getting ready for shows, is being able to do those F.S.E.7 flex sets. So it's super important because what you want to do is you want to be able to do the one. Actual thing that you're going to be doing on stage in the gym, which is posing. Not enough of these things. So we're just going to get through those organizables, that are the best options when we switch back. Next. So, let's do this. Applying two things about doing business tonight, we may be doing thing. So we will do't do that. I'm gonna do free courses with me, today. it, to speak about a Digital Development. Third and foremost, we need to conclude our academic session,olina's, please talk to us about. I've brought you some advice, I'm just going to say something and share my interest over the clinic. You can always just discuss this. Less it. Good. Three. Five. Six good job. Five. Keep going. Go go go go go go go you got this. Come on two two two two. One more one more come on Jared come on we're doing. Good. Oh, oh wait all the way slow now slow good good stretch stretch stretch stretch good job. Oh yeah. Let's go. Let's see if you can hit aside try I mean again when you're off season it's harder. This is one of the hardest this is one of the hardest poses for you to do. Here we go. There you go right there. Did you got to take a soft. Come on let's go let's go. We can't we can't say covered up any longer there you go right there. Right there. Good job let's get to the other side squeeze down squeeze down just a little more a little bit more. There you go and guys if you don't have the proper range of motion because you don't have the flexibility. What you can do is you can do just arm down that way just like you're doing a single arm push down because if you can't do that a lot of guys just don't have the flexibility which is okay. There good. Two arms are sick right now. So so full. Honestly it's the biggest I've ever seen your arms. Okay let's get out of the catcher breath and let's do it for trouble. Let's go. Okay guys. This is it. Good. Super neat that wrist grab that pinky tuck it into your hand good right there not turn the wrist. Get that peek that's it that's it right there hold that hold it hold it there five more seconds five four three. Three two. Good job. Oh. Alright let's do most muscular too let's see how because I know you're pumped up in those shoulders and that chest. Do you know let's go brother let's go. There you go. Good. Just right in there box most muscular show your width that's it right there squeeze squeeze squeeze five seconds four. Three two squeeze squeeze jerk. Good job. Good job. Oh big difference brother. Yeah yeah that's awesome yeah yeah we just got to just book the week. Jacob book the week. Book the week man we're going to find a week get him out here and we're just going to. We're going to just train together. Let's know in the comments which body parts you want to see us do. Number one and what else you guys want to see us talk about so it's going to be really important because we want to be able to give you guys what you want. You know you should remember we can get shredded might to come now because no longer he's the fat Mike he shredded Mike. Now we're shredded Mike. Yes. Just like lettuce shredded lettuce. Yeah that was a pump. That was good. Yeah that's a good. I could say huge huge change man from a year like just shoulders back arms I mean everything is just exponentially grown.

=== FILE: FST-7 Back workout with Hadi Choopan & Hany Rambod [HTXs4Dlq49E].txt ===

Get ready to do another back workout with Mr. Holiday Chopin. Tonight would be two weeks out exactly to the finals. So again, 14 days there will be the results of the 2025 Mr. Olympic competition in Las Vegas. If you haven't bought your tickets do so if you're not going to be able to make it out there then definitely want to sign up for the paper view and for those that don't know yet the Dubai Chocolate is now available at eugenetrition.com. This right we drop this Dubai Chocolate especially if you have a nut allergy or if you're not sensitive in any way some people get a little bit bloated on regular nut butter or just nuts in general. This has got a great flavor system that is nut free. So again give it a try to buy chocolate now available at eugenetrition store as well as all eugenetrition retailers. Let's go train. All right guys we're doing the not a T bar road you can do these locked in locked out basically meeting that you could either have it as a barbell or a dumbbell pie so so you can do left or right right now. Farm it up we're going to go ahead and stick to the T bar just like it was using a barbell motion. Best part about this machine is to change the actual grip so that way you can go neutral or with a standard barbell overhand handle. Everybody asks me which handle is better. Using neutral or using the basic overhand honestly both you should be able to utilize both because you want to be able to utilize different angles of the same exercise to be able to efficiently work on different portions of your back. Yes also doing a mid variation where you do mid point or if you're super nating you can do that as well try to use several different variations to be able to hit different portions of your back so you don't end up in the same exact range of motion ever since. Big tip for you is fact that if you're doing bent over rows and you're doing reverse grip do not go crazy heavy make sure that you're straightening your arm pulling up control the weight down even if you're going really really heavy. I mean obviously you could do three plates we didn't want to go to three plates just control you're going to be able to really pull into that belly button and then right back down right back up again and just feel it. Start off with just a plate or maybe even a 25 and work your way up but just make sure you do not go too heavy because if you end up going too heavy you're going to end up being upright and then pulling your detracts. What we're doing is we're lightening up the weight we're going to go to a 2225 then we're going to do is slow it down a little bit little more of an angle bent over slightly and remember do not whatever you do drag the weight against your hips do not just pull a lot of people you see just kind of do this kind of weird, trug pull in bring the elbows back right to the right. So what I'm doing is I'm pushing his hips down because your hips are going to want to lift just like if you're doing a leg extension you want to try to keep your hips down so you can get better stretch towards the midpoint of the motion so you do that you gotta keep your hips down just a reminder we're doing updates to the FST7 app every week that means new exclusive workouts new exclusive Q&A's and all of my programs can be found exclusively on the FST7 app check it out just for a buck use honey, yt that's right code, honey, yt for a dollar for your entire month so go head over to honeyrandbod.com down look at the app and check it out here's the anchor down your hip so you don't lift your glue you want to stretch as far as can without losing tension there you go stretch good to get the maximum stretch single arm it's super important good good good finish up back and we're delts now do a little bit of cardio shut down for the day taking a rest tomorrow and then we have a leg to the next day so again final stretch two weeks out today thank you guys for following the journey little potty new to you myself it's gonna be a

=== FILE: FST-7 LEG DAY with Hadi Choopan & Hany Rambod [bTAecBPK4sA].txt ===

Guys, I just want to let you know these are some of the workouts that we haven't posted yet. So these were a build up to the Olympia, the last 14 days that Hottie was here. And we didn't get a chance to post them because things got absolutely crazy with the preparation, the last couple of weeks. But I want to let you know that these are actual workouts that we did not after the show, but before the show, we just ended up posting them afterwards so that we can give you guys a full view of what the training was like during the final stages of the 2025 Olympia crowd. And for those of you that are showing so much support for Hottie, thank you guys so much for this very, very close show. It was an amazing show. And again, I love all of you for all of the support. We love you all. Enjoy the workouts. We have a couple of them. Do not forget to like, subscribe, and definitely turn on your notifications because we have a lot more of these videos that we have in post it yet. So if you're interested in them, turn on the notification bell. And check them in the comments. And check them out. And check them out. And check them out. Now, all of them tell you. All of them tell you about them. And I don't lose them. All right guys. So we just got to do in the league extensions. You warmed up on that. I don't want you straight to squat. Trying to get in the heavy stuff because of the second to the last leg workout. So we usually do the last leg workout the week before the show. We are under two weeks now. So this is going to be the second to the last leg workout. So let's go. Yo. This is big quad training. It's really warm. All right. We're always doing sampling here. So they're given me even during the workout. It's just because of time. I mean, I worked 18 hour a day as lots of times. But at the end of the day, we're trying to make sure that we're getting everything done training and doing product development. So again, flavor extensions on this one. Just the right of it between the two. Come on. Awesome. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. All right, guys. Just a reminder, FST7 app update has been now live for the last 24 hours that you had not seen the updates. You need to make sure that you sign up through it on honeyrambod.com. Sign up for the FST7 app. You get all my exclusive workouts as well as exclusive questions and answers. And guys, the only place to find my official workout in all of my official content are on the FST7. So go to hiramod.com. Don't forget to use code honeyrite just to book the entire month. Make sure you check. All right, guys. So we're doing high squats here. For those who are just asking why is hot, choke on heavy. Actually, that's not as heavy as you want to go. He'd love to go even heavier than that. But what we do is we just kind of negotiate and do a tripset. So he just about roughly about four reps with six plates. Then goes down to five plates and goes on four and so on and so forth. But it's a way of him so feeling like he's engaged in super heavy weight. But not as heavy as he'd like to go because we do recognize the fact that it's only two weeks out. Less than two weeks out now. Second to the last leg workout. So for those who are asking about why he does so heavy, it's a lot of it is mental because he's used to training super heavy. That's it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Good job. Good job. How about you, honey? Good job. How about you, honey? Tell him. You're having a good one. He had to call you. He said he killed that tickler. He really gave him a good one. Hold on. All right. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. All the way down. Come on. Come on, honey. Come on. Make some effort.ank it, all the way around. I'm done. off. I'm done. Here. h. Sue. Allez, let you pack my bullshit. Gonna have some new one  We just finished up, we got legs and see it. Show him how to do the wall shake. Awesome. Full boot. Holy no. I got the usual. I teach you how to do that. You're saying that two weeks out, very, very good. Working really, really well. Really, I felt that he did not only a good job, kept the stamina up and the strength, and now looking forward to the final push. Again, guys, the only has another really good eight, nine days of training. Then after that, it's going to be just taking a couple of days. Rest right before we show. You have the press conference. You have the neat and great. We have all of those other crazy things that we have in the Olympia. Again, if you haven't purchased your tickets, go out there. I think they're still some available. If you're not going to Vegas, make sure you sign up for the paper view. It's going to be an epic epic show. Again, looking forward to all of you. And then also do me a huge favor. We're going to do a question and answer. Go in and let me know what questions you have in the comments below so that we can be able to answer your question. Thank you guys. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. See you in the next video. Thank you guys. See you guys.

=== FILE: FST-7 vs RP  JARED FEATHER [4tDs3LzLQew].txt ===

Welcome to podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I'm here with none other than IFBB Pro. I gotta say that because you pay them on each to have IFBB Pro before your name. And you deserve it. Jared Feather. Hey, brother. I know what's easy to do in weekend. I appreciate you coming out for that and we decided when are you going to get your buddy in here to do a podcast? Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For those that don't know, Jared and I got to actually meet in person. What was like five months ago? Four or five months ago with the nationals. Cappler on ends. Yeah. Nationals. And then where we met. Yes. The place that's unknown still to people. Yes. Five guys. Four. We saw five guys. I was there for eight and five guys with um, with I think I was there with Nick and we were down there and I was having one of my keto burgers that I love so much over there. And um, and then I was said and you just ran up early there and I was like, what are you doing here? Yeah. You came over here like through the glass waving and uh, I was like holy shit and you were here for nationals. And then we ended up doing a workout together the next day. That was great. And it was it was it was it was great because I honestly didn't realize that that was a first workout you ever done with somebody outside of your own programming. Yep. And I thought that that was really cool because for you to be open minded enough to to get together. And I was like, absolutely man. Yeah. What's not a, we can't claim somebody who really enjoys the science and evidence behind training and dieting and not be open minded. You know, you know, if you're super close to all of your own internal biases all of time, you let them sway kind of the way in direction that you interact with people, right? You're probably not actually evidence based, right? Yeah. Because anecdotes exist. So one of the best coaches in the world, why would I not use that opportunity? Yeah. No. I mean, and it was it was cool because it just worked out the next morning. You came in. It was like a, I remember like seven, eight, workout. Yeah. It was early to hell. Yeah. Because we've had to go national slater. Yes. And we got in there. How did great workout? Got you to do some FSC seven stuff and got you to be able to do a little bit of those FSC seven flex sets and all of those. And again, I mean, you're known obviously you coach Mike Isrtle. Yeah. We'll call it that. But you did for his shows. And you say that because you just not really 100% on top of the program. Is that what you're, yeah. And I mean, so when we say we coach each other kind of, but really it's just, I've always coached myself. He's always coached yourself. Okay. When we think about doing something really stupid, what would be like, we'll call each other. Okay. So we've got a couple of friends that we can do that with. Okay. Couple of other stands from a college early. Well, someone like Mike, hey, I'm going to take my corpse to zero. Okay. What do you think? I know it's stupid. But how what do you think? And he's not dieting. He's like, that's dumb. I have one with all the cortisol. Right. I'm like, yeah, you're probably right. So stuff like that. And then just you're giving Mike suggestions really deep into contest purpose. We'll tough. Yeah, he didn't exactly like to listen. What makes him not one listen now? It's more of a Mike question I guess, you know? I think I think he just kind of, he gets super deep in dieting. He gets in this head. He thinks he knows best a lot. And you know, a lot of us get that way. It's just like, it is super hard to coach yourself. It's why most of the top guys don't do it. Right. It's not that the top guys don't know what they're doing. It's that they rely on somebody to put the plan forward and just like be in athlete. And I just think that's hard for a lot of people to really be in athlete. But when you can, you know, give the reins over to somebody, obviously, if you're just doing what they say and they know what they're doing. Right. You're going to come out with a good look. It's just really tough when you're overly analytical and you're in this space. And you hear somebody say something that you might not agree with one or two times. Right. It's like, do I do they really know what they're doing? But to me, I still, I still value the input. Right. And I have somebody who helps me with my supplementation and diet at the moment. Right. And he helped me last prep. And I enjoyed every step of the way. Yep. Even if there were stuff on there, I was like, I don't know about this. Right. Okay. Why are we doing this? And we're like, well, this is why, you know, I know you don't really like refeeds too much. I know that they don't really do anything metabolically. But I think it's a good thing for cortisol reduction at this point in time. Just so we can let you stress a little bit about the blood. I'm like, okay, cool. So don't disagree. I still don't agree, but like, let's do it. You know, you're the coach. I'll take my hands off. Right. And I think Mike just has a hard time with that sometimes. Because Mike is, it's very obviously very intelligent guy. Right. And I think that it sounds like he questions a lot of things in general. Right. And the thing about bodybuilding is it not a lot of it is science based in regards to like, hey, by the way, I'm taking a philosophy on PEDs and I'm putting those philosophies together because there's no clinical studies to be able to say all of these things have been really put together. So if somebody has experience, it's not the same as doing a clinical study on a particular exercise and does it grow muscle versus, you know, again, using a set number of PEDs or PED protocol. So a lot of that that is a lot of trial and error is where I feel like, you know, high level coaches have to go through to be able to kind of manipulate. Yeah. And that's the way it has been for a long time. And I think the UK's a little more, they got their hands a little more on the human data behind a lot of this stuff. So that was one thing. What I do with the person I also do my stuff is typically just refer to it as like a safer use, just because it's only stuff that's been used in human trials. Things for like, whether that's breast cancer patients or burn victim patients like animal or stuff like that. Sure. No, I'll talk about not like PEDs. I do not talk about it. Well, I want touch the stuff that has been used in human. So like, harsh it. Like you've heard like, mint. And DHB. Mm-hmm. We don't know much about those compounds. I'm not going to put them in my body. Even if a coach was like, hey, I want you to run this for like six weeks. I'm like, I'm good. Yeah, I'm not doing that. Well, there's a lot of those things, right? I mean, what's your take on all the peptides? Because I, you know, I have a certain take on them, but I'd love to hear years. Because again, when you're talking about antibiotics, antibiotics have been around for many, many years. Right? All the derivatives. Oh, yeah. Winstrol, anovar, deca, you know, tests, all the esters of testosterone and the list goes on and on. Yeah, the trade, the the tree, the typical tests route and then you got the 19 noirs and you got the DHT. You said they've been around to improve pretty well studied for a very long time. Yeah. And so when you turn around and you say, hey, this has been, say, for 40 years, 50 years, 60 years, 70 years, right? It's been around for synthetic testosterone compounds have been around for a very, very long time. So you know, a lot of the different hazards that go along with it, right? High blood pressure can mess up your lipid panels. There's a lot of those things. Then you start to own in the anti-Ease and then obviously those can cause all also some different issues, especially like the lipids, especially your HDL levels. But when you start talking about all of these other things, so like when you, you know, the the sarms and you start talking about different things, besides peptides, a lot of these have not been tested for long periods of time. And when you're getting a lot of these compounds, it's for research only, right? It even says it on the research only, right? So it hasn't been given to a mass population for a long period of time or have been studied. What's your thought process on that? Because of that? Because again, you being so a science base and whatnot, I'd love to hear your take on it. There are a lot of channels that you'll see that do deep dives on different peptides and kind of the mechanisms behind them. A lot of really smart people, biochemistry PhDs and things, does that need to be true? I think the enforcement reality behind all that is they're looking at the mechanisms behind what it should do, what it should do and kind of same. Because of this, it should be safe to use and now I have a clinic throwing it out to everybody, right? I just don't agree with that much, if at all, I think a lot of the things like GLPs have been studied for a very long time. A lot of the fat loss agents and things is that in each of these. So there are peptides that happen very well studied. There are peptides that are being thrown out to the public that I probably wouldn't put in a client. I wouldn't put myself not just yet, not until they are. Actually, kind of a little more data comes out on them. Things like the sarm, like you're talking about. Those deaf had them studied long enough for me to be comfortable with them. For me to be comfortable with giving them people. As we're entering this age of like the new tech singularity and everything, it's we're obviously going to have better data a lot faster because of AI. And I think within five to ten years, maybe these things will be shown to be very safe and effective and why have even better stuff, like maybe even my old statin inhibitors and things of that nature. Hell yeah, that's cool. A lot of the things that people say on these peptide channels and what they're teaching is like, here's the mechanism behind how this should work. It should work. Exactly. It should work. We don't know what else it's technically doing though. That's when it could be acting on other cells. And potentially cancer cells. There you go. So that leads me into exactly why I've been talking about this for very long time since all of these have been very rampant for the last ten years. I've seen a huge spike in illnesses. I've seen a lot of people getting sick. I saw a lot of people in the Middle East getting sick when they were going ramp it on peptides. Right? And we have pre-op BPCs and disease and things on the nature. All kinds. All kinds. They were just all kinds. They were doing high high amounts and what was happening. I mean, vascularitis, people like tons of stuff. Because like you said, and this is what I said, I said, you know, you get gene expression. And what happens is when you don't know which genes are going to express, your body is constantly fighting cancer. It's constantly being able to do a self-check, almost like a virus check on a PC. And what it's doing is it's keeping your body in check. So if those cells go a little bit rogue, it cleans itself up and then it never really becomes cancer because of the fact that your body is constantly fighting that. And then as your antivirus software ends up getting as you get older or you have certain gene expression or you have certain genetics. Again, I'm speaking about it because my mom had leukemia when I was 14 years old. And she had a acute myel leukemia AML, which is the hardest, most prevalent version like to mean. It is most least likely for you to survive. Right? She had a 9% chance of living back in, you know, my sophomore year in high school. And it was one of those things that why I decided that I was going to compete naturally. Right? Because I did not know what kind of genes were going to be expressed. And being that I was very science-based and I again, my degree is in biology with an emphasis in neurophysiology by Ohio chemistry. It was I think that's what I geeked down on in college and got my degree in. And I was competing as a natural bodybuilder. I got into supernatural supplements to try to circumvent the hormones circumvent IGF1, GH. Any of those things that can express those types of genes. Because you can't go in there and express it and say I want to just focus on these cells. Right? Yeah. Yes. Not yet. And then when you get into some of these newer compounds, even more so. Right? So when you turn around and you start talking about these new compounds, it becomes very scary. But when you're talking about anovar, deca, test, all of these things, you know pretty much cause and effect. They've been very, you know, widely studied. So for me, that's the same thing is what you're saying, which is like, this is one of the reasons why I might do not talk about these things because these things, again, I've been able to be part of a lot of bodybuilders' journeys to win Olympias and turn pro people pro for a very long time. And they weren't necessary at that time. And so when people turn around and think that there's one singular anabolic agent, it could be insulin, right? Or it could be any of these peptides or any of these and then you go, oh my god, we have to do IGF1, LR3. You have to do this. You have to do that. It's no. Because again, as being a coach for over 30 years, didn't have to use any of those. Right? So now did some of the clients do? Yes, absolutely. But I was never a fan of insulin. Been very open about that. Jay Cutler talked about how I took them off of it. So now I talk about it. Yeah, I talked to Jay about it too. Yeah, what did Jay say? Same shot. Same exact thing you said because we had that conversation out here. So then when I saw Jay, we were talking about it. And as a guy didn't do for that Olympia. And it was one of my best hooks ever. I was like damn. Yep, that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah, but no, I agree, man. It's just because we know these things really well. Does it mean that the better things aren't going to come? And it doesn't mean that there isn't a peptide out there that is like kind of like a really strong agent that's going to help a lot of things. That's right. But I just don't think we're there yet. To promote it as heavily as a lot of people do. There's like all kinds of crazy shit with these healing peptides when we were mega-dosing BPC and mega-dosing TV. Do you know what's going on with the GI with that stuff? Do you know what's going on with just a little fatic system or they're just the ability to recover and really get off of it? Like I just don't think it's well-studied enough. They're really say, hey, mega-dosed this stuff. And then make it super available information for people to be like, oh well this guy mega-dosed it. Let's just go ahead and shoot up all this BPC and TV and whatever other peptides people want to put in on my pants. Oh that's a lot of shit. Yeah. Like you said what people didn't use it back then. What happened to like figuring out your diet and training and nailing that down? Yeah, getting your nutrition, your training and there's so many great, great natural supplements that you can be able to help, which is just being able to recover, help with strength, all those things. I mean, like I said, these peptide channels like they could, nobody actually has 100% but I'm going to say this as a example. They could be 100% correct about a lot of the things you're saying from the mechanistic standpoint and it could just potentially be just that mechanism that's occurring. I am not comfortable with seeing with the 100% certainty that that's exactly what's going on and nothing else is going to happen. That's right, which is why I would not do it with somebody. Yeah. Well it's on the person obviously, just like it's on the person to come to you and be like, I would be an instrumentaly beer. I know what it takes. I'm going to do the antibiotics. And that's there, you know, I'm pretty libertarian. That's their choice. Yes. I'm going to tell you about the downfalls, the pitfalls and I'm going to tell you about the same thing with like the peptides and if you choose to do them still, when you have like a a strain, I'm going to tell you why maybe you shouldn't mega dose it and maybe what dose it is are probably a little better. What I'm not, I can't make the decision for you. Right. Talk to multiple people about it. Maybe talk to an actual physician about it. Yeah. Take probably smarter and just hop in on the bandwagon. Right. And fortunately, I think a lot of the physicians just don't know either. Right. Because there's a lot of good sports med doctors out there now. There's new ones. Yeah. That are definitely learning from people who are a little more person, the biochemistry behind that stuff. So that's good, at least. Yeah. I'm going to get better all the time. And I think that those doctors are the ones, the best doctors are going to be the ones that have experience. Right. Because they have just like the clientele that are taking, you know, TB or BPC or any of those types of compounds. And they go, hey, look, this is where I found it useful. This is where I didn't find it useful. This is if you have these pre-existing conditions, diabetes, heart disease, this, and this, I will keep away from or whatever it is. But, or your lipids, you know, profile is this way. That's why I would not recommend ABC. I think a lot of that comes from again, trial and error. Because modern day physicians, the problem I have with them is the fact that most of them don't know anything about wellness. Most of them don't. It never been trained on nutrition. They're just really trained to go through medical school and have the basics. And then they get, you know, trained by a lot of, you know, farm reps. Yeah. At that point, you know, they don't go to the root of the problem when they have their issues. So when you go into any of this performance, then it's even less doctors that have any of those backgrounds. Right. But when you look at your, you know, clientele or when you're working with somebody, do you feel like you're sitting down and starting to look at it all holistically or how do you, how do you break it down? Because I know you don't have a ton of people that you work with. But when you're doing things, what, what catches your eyes is it, is it more of the training side or do you kind of look at all, you know, all of the things proportionally when it comes to nutrition, training, supplementation? Generally, it's all of it for the most part from most clients. Oftentimes it's just training. So I'm not just just training a diet because like yourself, I love to work in the naturals. I'm doing like 50 plus people pro and natural organizations work with tons of natural pros, tons of natural champions. So my biggest thing through school, obviously was the training and the nutrition. You know, the master's degrees and exercise physiology with the emphasis and exercise metabolism. So similar stuff by chemistry. Right. And part of that, like tons of training content, tons of training stuff. So when I sit down with clients, it's more of an annual plant basis. Like here's what they want to do. Right. Here's what smart to do. Here's kind of the general structure of it all. Somebody wants to compete. I think it's too soon. I tell them why. I say, here's a block of what we'll do for your massing phase. Here's how the general outline will be. You're going to be in a hypercoloric state. You're going to be eating more food than you're burning, burning, and they're going to do this with your training. Here's the muscle groups that I think we should emphasize or they're just natural and too small to give us shit about emphasizing muscles. So we just train the hell out of them. And then we'll go through a phase where we maintain you and I'm going to put you on a maintenance diet. And then we'll do this for the other block of training. And by that time you have like a pretty structured annual plant for a client. So that's the first thing you got to do is I can need analysis of the person. You see them down. You do needs analysis. You say, what do you want? What are your goals? Blob law? Okay, that's a great goal, but you're not going to be a Mr. Olympi. I'm sorry. So let's scale it back a little bit. And then you just like you discuss with them what they want to do after that you develop the annual plan. And then you kind of step by step, auto regulate what's going on from there. So it's not just like, okay, well, let's start training and dieting tomorrow. It's like, I want you to do a full deal. I want you to kind of get rid of the 50-garde carrying. We're going to go through this process over that week where we do the news analysis. I develop your annual plan. We discuss the annual plan. We agree on the annual plan. Right. And then from there, we go into the phase that we decided and we auto regulate based on how you're looking and if you change your mind. So like, so somebody could be in an annual plan whether like, I wanted to step on stage in a year. And then they're like, hey, I'm actually getting into grad school in nine months. Can we push that up? I want to do the show in seven months. And then it's like, okay, cool. We're two months in. Let's go ahead and do the maintenance phase a month early. Yep. And start to diet a little earlier too. Because you just have sort of this auto regulation. That's just, that's, you do it too. Yeah. And I think the cool thing about it is that you're just basically, you're putting a blueprint together. That's it. Right. And then you're working backwards. You're saying, hey, this is where I'm going to want it to be. And then this is, I'm going to need 12 to 14 weeks in this phase. I'm going to need another four to six weeks in this phase. And then I'm going to need another eight to 12 weeks in this phase. So we're going to go, right. And this is how we're going to turn around and do it. And then you put together the nutrition, the supplements, and then you make sure that all the hormones are regulated properly, whether you're natural or whether you're in hairstyles. And that's how you go. All right. That's part of the knees analysis too. Like, one of the last blood work. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, see what's going on. Those are musts, right? Those are musts. You know, and then I think, again, a lot of people always ask me, like, what is it that made my success? Yeah. Like, oh, like, the percentages of my hit rate so good, right? And it was a lot of it. I would filter out by talking to people and understanding the mentality and not trying to put a round peg in a square hole, right? And I feel like, do you go through the same thing? Do you do that? Or is it like, how do you kind of decipher who you want to work with? Because again, I would always, almost psychoanalyze somebody to understand, am I going to be able to make them coachable? Like, somebody like Mike, right? Just bringing him back up because he's such a, like, again, he's a brainiac, right? The guy is super smart. He's got so much going on. But is there ever a time in your head that says, like, dude, I can't coach this person because it's very uncouchable. He's very tough. Yeah. It's, I have to decide on how do I want to deal with that position or not? Yes, and no, there's a initial consultation where you're getting to know somebody to begin with. At this point in my life, I'm able to kind of pick and choose. So I generally know the people, like, either know them pretty well already, or they're a content creator of what's called them. Okay. Or somebody high level and bodybuilding, right? Or some, like, actor, let's say. And I know that they have a specific goal. I've seen their stuff. I've listened to them talk with an initial consultation. We talk about their goals. We do the needs analysis together. And at the end of the day, they're stressing me out, too, right? Like, how does this guy respond to my emotional state? How does he respond? Like, what's, what's his answers? What are they like? Are they concise? At the short? Is it kind of like a do as I say? Type of guy? Is that what I want? Because you're not for everybody. Right? Like, I'm not for everybody. I either the client might not be for me. I might be for them. So we're kind of discussing each other out. And I feel like, how do you think it went? And then, you know, I give them feedback. And I'm like, if I said this, what would you say? And same to them. They're like, yeah, I've had people who are like, I feel like you're too sympathetic. You're too entooned with, like, what I feel and what I want to do. And I just want somebody to tell me eat this. And I'm like, yeah, I'm not your guy. I'm not your guy. I'm just not going to do that. I'd rather teach you and mentor you. So that is kind of like the difference. Because you, I think most your client tell were like, do exactly what the hell I say. And you also had a really good, like, you were very, like, entooned with their emotional states. Like, everybody, everybody of coach that I've heard, they're all like, honey gave a shit. Yeah. I did what he said, but he knew when something was off. And he gave a shit. Yeah. Um, which is what a lot of people need. They just need to be told what to do. But they also need to coach it. Can't pick up on that shit. Yeah. Um, so what you do is amazing. And then for me, I'm not just do what I say to my guy. And if a client wants me to just tell them exactly what to do, it's odd. So even with like, let's discuss Nick, for example, I'm like, here's the exact thing I want you to do because that's how he is with your daughter. We're talking about Nick, Nick Walker, right? Here's exactly what I want you to do to train. If I put an exercise on here, that you do not like tell me, and I will change it to something that's very similar and stimulates the muscle in a similar way. And that's all he needed. Sure. If I was like, you have to do this. He would have done it for sure. Like, he would have just sucked it up. Yeah. But there's given you take. Right. You want that feedback? Yeah. Because you don't want them to feel like they have to do exactly it because what might work for somebody, not work for somebody else. And so therefore, you have to have that level of flexibility. A lot of people don't want it. Right. And then I'm like, I'm going to tell you to change stuff if you don't like it. Exactly. And then, and I feel the same way, I think that you do need to get that feedback, right? I do feel that sometimes, though, there has been times, you know, just to give a little bit of reference point to people, I have made a diet extra hard for people, not really the Olympic guys, but as I was bringing people up to toughen them up. Oh wow. And I did that because what I would need early on in my career was that people that wanted to turn pro was mostly the types of people that they wanted to just the easiest way out. Yeah. Right. And what I would do is actually find a harder way, because I'm testing the resolve in the in off season so that if I had to turn around and say, hey, no, I want you to do cardio. Yeah. And again, I'm doing it to see how coachable the person is. Yeah. Are they willing to listen? Because then when we go to war together during the last 12 weeks of prep for the USA, I know whether or not this person is going to do what it takes. So again, it's my version of Navy SEALs training. Yeah. And I feel like you have to be able to have psychologically that strength to be able to handle doing this. Okay. And it's one of those things where it's again, carb cycling in the off season, doing this, doing things that again, weren't really traditionally done 20 years ago, right? And I would do those things. And sometimes I would be a little more extreme with it because I was testing someone's resolve. And then when I was able to get them through that, what it did was it actually helped our bond in that trust. Yeah. And then when I was able to do that, when we go into the prep, we'd win the overall USA. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And that's another good point because that's a very specific clientele. Right. So with the body builder. Yes. That might be necessary. That is. That might be freaking necessary. Well, it was for me, for my formula. Yeah. No. And you know. And then. But not for like a regular person, right? Exactly. Not for a regular person. Like, you know, I worked with Ethan Supli, he was an actor. Okay. He was the big, big fat white dude on remember the Titans. Remember that guy? Yeah. He lost 250 pounds. He had like really cool transformation. So I worked with him for the last half of that transformation. And that was more of a guy who I was like, I want, I know your, I know your problems with food. I want to get you to a point where you are completely intuitively eating. You are eyeballing the shit out of your food and you're nailing it. And we got him down to that 250 brought him back up 10 pounds to 60 created a settling point and basically got it to where he was just eyeballing his food. And he maintained that body weight for a very long time. And that was like, if I were to be like, I'm testing your resolve to an actor who just wants to lose the body. Right. You would have been like, okay, fucking out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Because I wouldn't know that. Yeah. Well, no, but you know, it was like, but he would be struggling. Right. But for sure. He'd be like, I already did this to myself. I already did this to myself. Yeah. I lost 200 pounds. And then I gained 400 back. And then, you know, it's just like, he already did that. Yeah. There's a, there's a better way for that guy. Right. Somebody like a body builder. Yeah. I've done that to them. People too. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. The guys that would really get back in the day really sloppy. I would really tighten up the reins. And I'd be like, nope, you're too, you're too sloppy. You know, and you're not going to be putting on muscle when your body fat is so high. And then we're not going to be able to get you shredded because we're going to be so focused on trying to get you lean that will never get you shredded. So therefore I would tighten up the reins. And I would tighten up the reins. And I would be able to say, no, this is the kind of look I need you to have. I need you to have your abs barely popping out. I need you to make sure that you don't have any lower back fat. I need you to make sure that your glutes are tight and not shredded, but tight when we go into the prep because if you are so sloppy, I'm not going to be able to get you shredded. Because I'm so too busy trying to get you lean. And that's the thing. And that's why the guy like Mike, again, bringing him back up, it's like one of those things where he knows so much and I have the work with some people that, you know, are very knowledgeable. And those are some of the hardest people to coach because they want to question everything or they want to justify why they're not listening. Yeah, 100%. 100%. It happens. Yeah, but down to the tan. Down to the tan. Yeah. With more than just Mike too. Well, honestly, the tan thing was crazy. Yeah, what was that all about? This is why I told this to him after the show. So I don't care. Like obviously, anything I tell like I say, I would say to Mike's face. This is not me, shit talking. Yeah. I said, Mike, you're the worst person that I've ever coached because you hate bodybuilding. Bodybuilding as a sport. You love bodybuilding as a passion project. Right. But the sport aspect of bodybuilding requires you to exfoliate your skin. Yep. It requires you to do the athlete check in. It requires you to get a stupid fucking tan. It requires you to do posing practice. That's the sport of bodybuilding. You're telling me that you enjoy it, but you don't. You enjoy building muscle and losing fat. You're great at that. He's an amazing bodybuilder, but not a sport bodybuilder. Bodybuilding has a sport, beauty pageant. But he's bad at it. He's the worst. Because I will not do that though. He just doesn't like it. But this is the thing. You don't like this. Why are you? You know, I don't like golf. I'm not going out and playing 18 holes. Right. Like against people in a competition. Gotcha. Without practicing. I'm not doing that. Why are you doing bodybuilding shows? If you hate that stuff. Was he trying to show him pro? Yeah. He wanted to. Yeah. To turn pro. Like just to turn pro? Yeah. You know, we all got to like thing inside of us. We're all competitive. He let me use a black belt and BJJ. I don't know what I mean. Like he's a competitive human being. Gotcha. And there's something inside of him that like wants to prove to himself that he can do it. We all have it though. Like I had it too. Now I'm a pro. I want to be on the Olympic stage. It's still there. Like I still have the passion. Right. But you have the attention to detail and you're willing to do the homework. For sure. I'm willing to do the bodybuilding sports stuff. Right. Like last my last show. I had my my best tan ever because I actually did a tan two two days out. I did a pain in my skin. I had an exfoliated two weeks into the contest. I worked on posing. Like after we had our posing. Yeah. I think together. I was like, I got to practice more. That's right. So like I did. You can see the improvement by the thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did the bodybuilding sport stuff that I that I also hated. I hated that stuff. The posing routine all of it. I was like, dude screw this. Like why? Why? What the? Is the pageantry of it. Yeah. Kind of sucks. Yeah. But you got to learn to like it. Yes. Or you're going to hate the damn thing. And you're going to end up like how Mike did it his last show. Right. Like he was so stressed and hated all that all the aspects of that stuff. Yeah. He didn't exfoliate. He's going to get one base tan. Like he didn't even get a dark tan. And then he got just the whole check and process he hated. He wasn't enjoying being there. You got to fall in love with that part of it. Or you or you will not do well. You just won't. Like you can't hate that part. No. You have to cross your teeth and do it. Yeah. Like so I'll bring him Nick Walker again. Look at Nick Walker's energy on stage. Yeah. It's hard not to look at the guy. Yeah. You can hate him all you want. But when he comes out he's a kidding most muscular. I don't think anybody can't be the crowd. I don't think anybody hates Nick. No. I mean there's hate. I hate well there's haters because I think that they are fans or they were fans that were disappointed because of the situation because they want to see him on stage. Yeah. But I just think that now they rasm. Yeah. But I don't think they naturally hate him. I think that's a good guy. I just think that he's misunderstood. And I think that a bit of it has to do with the fact that they're just disappointed. Right. These fans are disappointed because they want him to do so well and they like them so much that they really want to turn around and be like, come on get on that stage and do what we think you can do. Yeah. And go out there's always people who hate on like the physique aspect. You're not a body builder because you don't have a chongroan shape. Yeah. You're not a body builder because your hair gets stupid and that's all I can look at. Like this is always that kind of shit. Of course people are there to do it's just but you know how you can do that. You know how you get around that? Are just ignore it. That kind of stuff. No. You know what you do? What? You kick ass. For sure. And that's what Jay did. Right. Jay back in the 2000s, 2010, 2007, 2008, all of the time when Ronnie was done up until the Ronnie, it was him and versus Ronnie. You were either a J fan or you're Ronnie fan. Right. And then when Ronnie basically got hurt and then he kind of retired as a last start shrilling up as a tricep. All that. What ended up happening was now Jay was the heir apparent. And then all of a sudden Jay was a refrigerator. Jay was this because he was no longer like second you know like the guy that was kind of like on the come up you know. And so what happened was a lot of people put a lot of just negativity and Jay. They called the refrigerator. They called them all of those things right. And when he came out and he won the first Olympia they were just like, yeah, you didn't really beat Ronnie. Ronnie lost because he just didn't beat the best version of him. So it was kind of a shitty feeling for him. I'm sure because of the fact is that you'd always want to go and beat somebody at their best. And but he's still one rightfully so. And then the following year the whole thing with Victor Martinez, then that create a ton of controversy. But I think what ended up happening was there was a lot of people just really didn't like Jay. Yeah. Really didn't like Jay. What all turned around was oh nine. And because of the fact that he was able to not just win his fans back, but he was able to win the people that didn't now respect him. They respected him now because they're like holy shit. This is you know, his best look ever. And what was cool was to see that it was just like the swell right the swell up till now even the foot stomping and I'm so proud to be a part of that. But at the same time the coolest thing was the fact that you saw all these haters. Guys that didn't even think he was going to be in the top five in 2009. And then it just changed. It just changed. Like the world just completely it was like Thanos' fingers got snapped and everybody loved Jay. Dude, to be honest that's like me and Nick Walker. Okay. When Nick was like coming up I was like I was one of those people was like this is he he's like blocky. He's super muscular. Great arms. Yeah. I just don't think he's going to do well as a pro. He blew his pro card out of the water. And they go oh well he looked good on stage. And he was going to do the Arnold. I was like I don't know about that. He won the Arnold. I was a holy shit. He just keeps proving people wrong and he kept getting better and better and better. When we came friends and you know we shared these stories and stuff because he's the same way with our peers like this science ship man leaving reps in the tank. What are you talking about? And then he ended up doing it and loving it and now he's made the best prior server. Yeah. And it's like so it's like funny because we both kind of had like similar genesis to each other. And that's exactly what Nick's done man. He just kicked ass like you said that's how you shut people that hold up. And I think that that's honestly what's going to happen this year because he's ridiculous right now. Yeah. I saw some updates. Definitely looking around for alerts. So you're doing what's training? And then Kyle is doing his nutrition. Yeah. He's doing his nutrition. And so he's got the both of you. And now he's no longer in Vegas. He's back and flooring right? He's in between. In between. Yeah. He's like yeah he has his house in Vegas still and he has a house in Florida and he's kind of like what we're going to at least see him every six weeks. So I went out there Startup rep. Here's about 306 and he's doing Pittsburgh Pro for those of you that don't know and I believe that's about 14 weeks Yeah, give or take yeah, and he's 300 right now. Yeah, and just a big boy. Yeah, it's cool to see man Yeah, so so I think that's why I'm saying like again Not being in the last two Olympias. I think frustrated a lot of fans. Yeah, and that's why but I think the minute he can come back Look great. I think a lot of that stuff is gonna be water under the bridge You know, I think it's cool because because again, I've seen it. I've been there I've done that. I've you know, I've been a part of that journey where I've seen people that we used to do that That's what I was gonna say like the cool thing about I'm just gonna go on a freaking rant right now It was a shit pisses me off Tell me how you really feel, Jad the cool thing about Training with you is seeing how similar the concepts we put in play are to how you train people People are always like science is science had a stupid as dumb whatever It's like no, it's not in everybody and their mom whose ever gotten into bodybuilding has tried to do the smartest thing possible to make the gains As quick as possible to improve their physique as quick as possible and they hired coaches to do that right and the coaches are Have a passion for training and dieting and self-mutation yep, and they're learning from people and they're learning about the science and They're implementing that into their training Everybody's done this you just don't like the guys who talk nerdy right you have a disdain for it I get it all good sure you hate the nerds all right cool your cool job. I got you yeah, and What we teach is principles when people say like the RP method? Even like even when people say FST 7 method like honey just teach us principles. Yes, and he tells you that If you add it in this thing you might do even better. Yeah, you're teaching you the principles of training Yep, and Minus the FST 7 you're putting someone through a session Yep, based on a bunch of principles that you know that's right as a coach. Yes, whether that's focusing on the stretch Whether that's you can be your tension whether you can leave one or two reps in the tank or if you're going to take it to failure Right and because you took it to failure now We're gonna back off in the sets a little bit because you can't do so much volume if you're all you're going to failure You understand these concepts these are concepts or teaching people people don't like that So then it'll be like the RP method it's stupid. I'm like okay There's no method there's no RP method guys right we're teaching you a concept that you then have to conceptualize Yes, and based on the things we're saying you have to understand what you're doing yourself and apply it. That's right There's no method no it's it's because everyone's trying to simplify it and they are trying to over-simplify it right and again when I come out when I came out with FST 7 it was really for the ability to create more intense workouts remotely for people Right, so I was coaching F uh fill Heath I was coaching a couple of other guys that were getting ready To try to get their pro cards and one of the things I realized was that when I would go down to LA and I had somebody getting ready for like the US I was like These guys are not training hard right and then I'm here They train hard then I come back I asked them hey how's the workouts going? Oh, I'm not getting a sore then I'd go back and I'm like they're not how do I create a System so that I can create more intensity remotely if I'm not there and some of these guys are also training alone Fill never trained with anybody you always trained alone So I always was always trying to think not just for fill, but anybody I was working with just how do I create a system? So I took principles of high intensity I took German volume training I combined those I love flexets I love doing things that you don't do When you're trying to prepare for a show because I realized that People would get on stage and when they didn't pose enough They wouldn't look the same they'd get watery when they would start posing and now I go I need to Institute posing in the training because you'll look better on stage This is a aesthetic thing There's been no clinical study on it. My clinical study is my clinical study for 30 years of Experience and just using the induction like I did it in the video right I was like oh you're doing it after one set So there's not really fatigue interference at the loss and you're doing it out to the last of the exercise perfect You're doing it when you're fatigued, which is what you're gonna be on stage awesome if you can hold a pose right now Holding it on stage is gonna be the easiest thing ever because I just said a whole set of chests You hold three sets of chests and now I'm having to hold the most muscular if I can do that under these conditions That's the most specific thing possible. I'm gonna be able to do that shit on stage You're like it's used aduction and I don't gotta be like well, there's no starting on national for you can't tell me that Or it's like no that clearly that's fucking brilliant it's not it's not Like you said it's an anecdote that you came to right that made freaking sense and you just used aduction and Now I've done it. I've done it. It's like yeah that works right and that's the force of I say when I looked at it and I say oh when my clients were not posing enough and even if they weren't posing in between posing Because again when we're talking about posing we're talking about like I prescribed posing for my athletes Getting ready for the Olympia 20 to 30 minutes right and we will do time poses We'll do mandatory poses. We'll do quarter turns. We'll do all of those things a lot of the amateurs Don't like doing those things so if I could incorporate it to the workout and be able to do it because when I wasn't and these guys We're going out there for the first time they would start flexing they would start shaking they were doing nothing in the gym That would stimulate the same type of muscles that were firing on stage in those Specific mandatory poses. So I'm just like okay, you're not doing that So now you're shaking you're sweating all of these things are happening because you're not conditioned in the actual Posing process so that's what we threw in so I as always putting all of the program together That's what it was and again that FST7 original fascist stretch training was so that when we turned around and we were like okay How do we stretch to probably elongate right to get full range of motion? But also what do we do also increase blood flow so that we can get the metabolites that we are going to help you with Being able to really peak all of your different biochemistry so that you can be able to really really Emphasize blood flow into the muscle that you're working So all of those things together was how I turn around and I put it all together when you guys created RP In a nutshell, how would you describe the philosophies? I know full range of motion is very very It's like number one thing that I keep hearing on the RP system is a really good stretch What else would you be able to like I was just defining it honestly just like again philosophy Yes We are term to use for it just because it's like Our philosophy is just that science is the sureest past of the truth and science involves anecdotes It involves this the literature of the studies and things of that nature and The more you can implement Best practices the better the results So you should probably do that that's Generally the philosophy for all of us right every coach and When you go into the training aspect of it all it's what I said We're just teaching the principles of sports science that we've applied to a Perchryffy training to help people have the correct terminology to discuss How to train properly whether that is saying RIR reps in reserve. Mm-hmm Whether it is saying Focus on the eccentric phase of the lift the most if I want the best results right we're just teaching people these the sports science terminology the periodization behind at home and It's up to people to conceptualize Multiple concepts together to understand like I talked about with the Well, I just enjoy training the failure more often. So hey cool your volumes gonna take a hit So if I say most people can recover from 10 to 20 sets per body part per week on average But you like to just train to failure all the time. Maybe that pumps down to eight maybe you're getting pissed because I said 10 to 20 and You're not taking an consideration 15 other things that I said right you're just mad because you like to train to failure Dude, I get it trained to failure. I don't care what you're gonna have to take a hit to your volume Yes, and you're gonna be mad at me because I said 10 to 20s the average and it's it's dude It's hilarious to watch these types of things like internet because it's everything that's ever been said is like a straw man Like no, we didn't say that or we said this thing, but you're leaving out this much context About people do it to you to 100% yeah, it's insane. Yes, we're just trying to teach you guys concepts Like you said to help you train hard when nobody else is around you right train properly when nobody else is around you Get the best out of your training because that's what you want for you We're trying to help you build muscle. We're not we're not trying to fight you Like it's it's crazy man. Right well, and again a lot of the things I didn't have is I didn't have The resources that you guys do now. Yeah, right? It was a lot of anecdotal stuff And it was a lot of this like hey, let's try it and see if it works right? Yeah, hi volume great It worked hit it worked, but what was wrong with hit a lot of athletes were getting torn up on it right and again It does it put on muscle absolutely, but it's going to more likely tear muscles. Yeah I remember talking to Doring about it and he got Four or five different bustled tears right and I said look man if you would have just backed off your you know Your intensity by 10% increase your volume by 20% then I think you could have been able to last even longer or maybe You know a lot of those things, but I also think The ability to have understand things at the time is literally the reflection is you know It's a Monday morning or back swing you know it's so high sites always 20 right But as we're putting things together I don't think that there's an absolute truth I think there's things that we're learning as we go Yeah, right and well this thing I think there is an absolute truth But it's here and we're all here and what we're supposed to be doing is This guy's closer so let me grab this guy's hand a pull-move the ladder and then this guy knows something I don't know let me grab his hand a pull-move the ladder and the truth's still over here But at least we're reaching it together But what everybody's doing is they're like fuck your hand get out of my way. Oh I think I'm gonna use myself. Yeah, I'm gonna find the truth myself and just like Look at what I know this thing better than you you know this thing and I'm willing to hear you out But because you're mad that I'm saying this thing and you don't agree with it You don't even want to you talk about like the training portion of it and saying everything There's like an absolute truth that exists but like you said we don't know it So we are we're just like trying to get there right and we're not going to No, we're never in their lives. We're totally chether up and that's what we have conversations like this Yes, so they're trying to like help each other to that absolute truth that we're never gonna reach But we want to get closer to everything every single day right and if you you're leaving the industry better than when you came in Yeah, hopefully we leave the industry better than when we came in and as somebody some 32-year-old is sitting across from somebody else Studying across from me one day. Yep, and they're telling me stuff and I'm gonna call him down. That makes a lot of sense I'm glad that he took what we we said and he expanded upon it and he learned even more Like I said the resources weren't there there's gonna be crazy resources that we didn't have now right and 10 years Like a I was gonna buy yeah, it's like Okay, yeah cool. I think we left this place better than we came in. Do you best little point let me ask you this Do you think because I know on the supplement side right? There is so much better technology out there oh god there's been 20 years ago when I was coming up 25 30 years ago I started bodybuilding in the early 90s and I feel like there's you know again I grew up in the Doreen era and it was just like man if you can get your hands on creatine It was like wow that was it that was it and creatine again is still the king of all products I think and king of all supplements. That's way yeah Yeah, 100% and but I do feel like now again I incorporate glycerol in several different products. I feel like you know I've been talking about for five years six years now other people are jumping on the banwagon and they're seeing that right We've been talking about for the last 20 years non-stem or very low stem to be able to make sure to Focus because again, stems help help yeah performance. They help with everything but at the there's limitations to it too Because if you go overboard with it again I was just talking about it with Sid and it would literally where I go I don't like to have my athletes to stem Out when we train legs. Oh for sure. You can't recover cut the caffeine so much for leg training. There you go That's something you've got to learn that's something you probably just learned because you coached a lot of people or yourself Right, and you were like doing a leg day one day like well, I thought hell is my heart rate 180 right and then it will come down You don't come back down because again if you're off season you're not as quite in good shape and Then the longer it takes you want your heart rate to be able to come right back down and you don't want to over stimulate yourself So that you can get back on the leg press and be able to hit it again But if you're so stemmed up that you can't get your heart rate down if then you're gonna have issues You're making your lungs a little bit of an effect you're instead of your the muscles you're trying to train that's right. What are you doing? That's right. Yeah, no, and that's you know at three to six milligrams of kilograms kind of like the range We give for people for caffeine intake and I think a people surpassed that so much like for me You know six milligrams of kilogram. I'm a hundred kilogram male I should only be getting six hundred milligrams a day at my peak dosages which is like into contest prep When I'm like completely zoned out on the couch and I don't want to move a muscle and I gotta take 500 milligrams pre workout to get the hell off my couch, right and that's the only time I'll do that and other times I'm usually three milligrams and below per kilogram So like three hundred's like my max usually I'll do a 200 milligrams pre workout and if I'm doing a leg day, it's like zero to 100 maybe Me when you're doing your pre workout right now. What are you using? of the I'm ready to drink the rate of drinks. Yeah, you have the gym ones the EDP extreme so good Well, again 10 grams of not even a product look But so good level so the reason when I do this role amazing the glycerol at 10 grams Because again when we when I designed the EDP aq it was a half a lid for 10 grams of glycerol Then when you start to stack that with the six grams of citrilline the piercitoraline the 3.2 of beta But also When you're talking about caffeine right you're saying hey look with my body weight My caffeine can be anywhere from one 200 milligrams always to 600 milligrams What I also do is take it a step further right I say we'll look Maybe what I want to do is I want to work that in synergy with yo Right so with yo-himbee and yo-himbee barca extract so I don't have to go as high on the caffeine Because I feel that yo-himbee is one of the few Vaso Dialators when it comes to actual stimulation and being able to work just In synergy with caffeine because before biagre they use to turn around and give you 5.4 milligrams of Yo-himbee you have yo-himbee CL and that was one of the things and that's one of the reasons why I picked that and that's why I don't have In that RTD 4500 milligrams of caffeine I have 200 with 1.5 of yo to be able to work the synergies of the stimulant effect But without as much of the constriction effects of back and in the day it was one three was a big one Sure, and then you'd feel like super Superman, but she would end up having no pump because it was a crazy Vaso constrictor and then even your dick wouldn't even work Yeah, right but that's why all of that I would geek out on right it was about that supplement science of going Okay, let's run 10 grams of lissoral Let's go ahead and let's make sure there were on 200 milligrams of caffeine Not anything higher and then let's also make make it so that the caffeine is time released So let's put a couple of different versions of natural caffeine in and then let's go ahead and put this together With the yo and then you're gonna be able to feel it and then you won't crash But if you just go straight and hydrists boom you go right down and you crash and these are things When you turn around you get those little nuances of being able to maximize what you're trying to get out of the workout and get super 3D Right because you want to get that pump that muscle pump. Yeah, it was gonna make crazy pump right I'll even add in like an extra five of the liquid clush Because you want to go yeah, yeah, it's addictive. I mean honestly I've been doing it since like grass school well when we rebuild your program We're gonna pick you up to 10 so you'll go to 20 grams total. Oh, hell yeah, yeah, that's the way you got it She's a good stop. I got you I got you this is a new stop here Yeah, so you get to add in the new flavor in there and you can just make it amazing. What's your favorite flavor? I Was like the blue razz one like it's always a great flavor the tropical punch. Yeah, what is called? Yeah, I dropped his flash That's the first one I had super good to entangerine and then the entangerine that's the one that like some of the citrusy stuff gives me a little bit of heartburn Yeah, yeah, yeah House-haward is yeah, yeah, yeah, but I do love I love all the flavors. Amanda. It's all you nailed the taste. I appreciate it. Yeah I think that like I said I got some stuff while you're here. I'm gonna I'm gonna share with you Yeah, we got some stuff I work on that you can't wait to geek out on it. Yeah, but it's When you're now putting together the programs are you also what's how do you rate the top three products that you like right now? I mean would you put creating this number one? Oh, I just like the ones the most data. Yeah, yeah, obviously Creatines up there or way protein islets up there big time because it's no fads I suggest things. Yes amazing Casing proteins are really good obviously just things to have actual data to support certain are the only ones I really use But I love Argentine and I love the citralines For foam and the glycerals are as phenomenal at least the liquid glycerals especially because I was using powder for a long time We had the conversation about liquid and white smarter and I was again a mixed law sentence And then I got to have the product and I was gonna do the shit's way better right because I would have to do like 20 The scoops of the powder the powder is usually it's a small percentage right it's anywhere from 35 to 60 percent maybe 70 percent and then you also have all of the binders that they use to be able to make sure that it dehydrates the product so it doesn't clump because it's notorious for clumping So then you have something there that's dehydrated you while you're trying to you know hyper hydrate And so when you're doing that it doesn't tend to work on another thing for supplementation If you count like a hydration product into the supplement line of like what works Having something that is high in potassium magnesium and sodium Especially intra and pre workout is a very smart Especially for guys who are running in a ball mix and running insulin because guys are running insulin You gotta have higher potassium So the hydration supplementation is amazing like we do of the RPU tube LMT also since it's packet So the element packets and then you'll I also get the hydration stuff from you guys Yeah, it's like I'll just use both. Yeah, and I don't think Element is a problem the reason why I didn't do a gram and I'll actually talk about this I have never really talked about it Was so that because I personally like the 500 milligrams dose because I want to be able to If I have to cut from a thousand milligrams down to 500 I don't want all the core elements to be also half yeah, so that's why if I want to double up I want to double up those core elements right that's like a mega ampose right yeah, yeah, so that's what element it's like No, no, and have one of them morning maybe and if I take more than I'm gonna shit all day That's where magnesium's just like to the roof and then you got a gram of sodium Yeah, and if you cut the gram of sodium to 500 milligrams then maybe all the core constituents are now in half So that's one of the reasons and then also throw in city-kooline To give you a little bit of that hero cognitive. No, it's good. Perfect But I feel like it's one of those things where you don't realize how it was I was I'm not gonna rough diesel about it right because we were training the other day. I don't know if he's all the video But yeah, he'd come in and drove four hours from Houston Yeah, and he was just he was pumped but he didn't get super 3D and I go you're dehydrated And he's like you know what I haven't paid and I haven't done this and I'm like yeah, and then so we gave him some hydration powder And then through that in 16 ounces through another pack in 16 ounces and then all of a sudden He got strided right because he is When you're dehydrated your skin actually starts to look like leather right because it's not stretched and it's not hydrated to the point where You can actually see the muscle start to separate Minute he put that in his next set all of a sudden he went 3D and then it was just like crazy He's like holy crap man. Oh, like his arms are like this shoulders are pumped up He's like man. I'm ready to do more That's like pulling sodium and and fluids before stage is just like really dumb Yeah, for most people yeah, well again when you do that Again, it's a technique right everybody has a round but when you're cutting I taper taper yeah, I taper yeah, and then what happens is then depending on the look of The actual athlete and how much sodium I've kept in from the core Earlier in the week then I will turn around and you know be able to titrate upwards or Keep the same depending on what's happening at that point so Your body and the biochemistry of a person changes show to show you can't do the same cookie gutter program Two years in row you can pick someone the exact same way and it'll be a different outcome under person Wow, and that's why you have to read the road Right you got to be able to understand when you look at somebody and after a meal or two If their body is starting to get you know Washed out are they washed out because you cut too much fluid? Are they washed out because they're not eating enough or are they washed out for something that they might not even be telling exactly And then you come and walk in and they got that weird look on their face like I just caught And I've done that a lot of times when I walked in the room when they did know I got in the room Because they gave me an extra key or the wife let me in or something else and just during head lights brother And I said that happened a lot of time You're frustrating oh That what you're doing That's why like battle testing and we're really all probably makes a lot of sense well that's kind of and again It doesn't cut that out completely but it does cut down on the incidents. Yeah, that's why You have to build that trust so that they turn around and go look I got to make sure I tell my coach everything that I'm doing So that you can make reasonable decisions in the moment because at that point that peaking process ends up becoming 90% of that outcome You know, right you're gonna be really really close and then you can get him to 90% But if you really want to hit that touchdown whether you run the ball in or you pass it in That last four days is everything and I'm sure you went through it in this last couple of months especially right Yeah, yeah, yeah, my last one was probably like pretty didn't I was also some of my leanest ever though so last peak was a really good and it was very similar to how I peaking the past But we Increased sodium quite a bit more which was because I had to right like I was getting that kind of like washed out look in the morning I was like we got something yep, and then we kind of looked in the sessions against definitely a sodium issue So we just increased the sodium and like three meals pre-stage and it just came to life as a coffee Hey, we're good Yeah, that happened two years ago with Seabumb and when his body was all over the place The second year I worked with him because he had tore his lat And so year we didn't know whether or not he was gonna make it or not and he couldn't train for about three weeks Especially his his poster chain and it's like back and everything else because he was doing those RDLs and I think he was doing like four plates And when you called me and you just I just really just draw it right set and I'm like whoa Whoa, whoa can be that bad and then he told me what happened to go shit. It's pretty bad But it was one of those things where then his body was always having kind of issues because The other thing that a lot of people don't realize having a J2 in 2011 and he tore his bicep and when your body goes through trauma Your body especially if you're if it's even you know closer to the show Yeah, you end up creating a ton of inflammation and that inflammation now you have to deal with that inflammation Oh yeah, and so one of the things you got to do is you have to account for that While you're having that person go through their peak week He didn't tell me to like God to Vegas that he tore his bicep Yes, because I said hey man, you didn't send your last set two weeks ago You sent your last set and I go a week before the show and so for those final five days He didn't send me the updates Oh, I'll see when you get here don't worry. I'm just I don't have time and I got there and he's like Bro, I didn't want to show you because I knew you're gonna get really upset I'm gonna get upset but I need to know right right There's a lot of shit that you know about it right It's not a matter of I'm gonna be upset about it. I got to be able to know and I remember he was he was Lesting at the Mandarin renal and he just you know moved out and other's house and then he was you know I did different kind of living environment as well and I just looked at him And I'm like okay, how are we gonna do this? What happened? You guys I was doing a muscle tech shoot and I was putting the dumbbells back And all of a sudden rip and ripped as my son And I always like something don't yeah, and he's like yeah, something for that one buddy and I'm like nope I got to figure this out right we're gonna have to like and then just kept getting worse Yeah, the black and blue was just kept getting worse and worse and worse and worse and so But again then his body wasn't drying out Right, it wasn't drying out so then you have to pick a path at that point and say okay Am I gonna try to dry it out or am I gonna try to take the full look? Yeah, and then so exactly I did the same thing with C1 the second year and then I'm like okay I'm gonna go with a full or look I'm gonna really take him to another level to be able to get those body parts full that are just not as big Because of the fact that he had injured the lats and that's what really that's what we did So I paid off the two or three thousand calories before Let's say it had to be crazy because he's still had to make way Well, no, he made way to ready so it was the morning of the show five AM his body was just not working and it was like We had to be After taning at 637 and he was on stage at 930 and and it's 5.5 30. I'm his room and I'm like having that O fuck moment Right, and I'm like this eat The fuck up fairy was that the word she was trying to knock the door down and I was like I had my shoulder in there and I'm like I ain't letting this bitch in I am not letting this bitch in she was trying to show up and I was like I haven't seen you in a long time and I do not want to talk to you today So then all of a sudden I just You know got Courtney to make a big bowl and I'm like mix this mix this mix this add this and then it was just like You sure I just ate this I don't care eat this too and all of a sudden it was like the Superman theme song came on I'm like Yeah, it was just his body started coming around but that's decision how you had to make and be like okay drink this Eat this put this much salt on this Do this and bring liquids back and let's get that body and then all of a sudden just everything came out And then but time he hit the stage. I don't remember Jim Manney coming over to me. He's like what is that? That's awesome. I get a really good way. That's awesome. Yeah, so it was but again It was just four five hours before that. It was like oh shit. This is not gonna look good on stage Yeah, and we had to go ahead and pivot but that's what you do It's a number of times to figure that out That's what happened to Coach President always a big deal. Yeah, and you gotta have a very clear mind and you gotta be have clear concise Coaching and you got but you got to also have that person Connected with you to trust you to turn around and do that. Yep, and say eat this eat that because I was like You know He easily if he wasn't Didn't have the full trust and you could have been like we've never done this before so why would I do that exactly? Oh, I don't know what I do that like we didn't do this last year with the year before that And I've never done it before thinking about a coach why would I do this right? But since he trusted you was right all right Good man. Let's do this no and we talked about it and I said have you ever had to do this and you So as well we've had kind of something like this and I'm like well, we're gonna do something but you know a little more drastic But it comes there a couple of things. That's cool, man, but but yeah, and then you know going into all of the stuff that you've been doing and you've been learning I guess Now what you're starting to see more and more of these studies come out right and I see like even Jeff posting Jeff Nipperd right and he's posting things and are you close with Jeff or no? Yeah, yeah, we put him through a few workouts. Okay. Yeah, he had him up in Nernagan go to Canada That kind of stuff is he is he getting some jujitsu coaching from from Mike? I don't know I was probably should I yeah Jeff if you're listening this or anybody knows Jeff I'd love to have him on the podcast being a natural body builder and he's like I think yeah, I'm sure you love it. Oh, yeah, he's in there. Yeah, he's he's he's a guy that is very interesting because he was posting something about about the form right and we're talking about form and how Similar amount of muscle was built whether you were super strict or you're using a little bit more body English and A lot of the things did you see that study? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, well, he made a video about it. Yeah, he made a video about so what do you what do you think about that? Is that like counter-intuitive versus are you seeing it? I think the biggest issue there is the fatigue accumulation Okay, and like you said with people getting beat up from hit yeah I think if you can put muscles in a more dissatisfinitated position Uh-huh, you're able to kind of get that same amount of mechanical tension that the muscles are affecting and it's probably safer It's probably more effective especially if you can lean into that stretch position and not do the heating and holding With noticing the stretch is a little more important at this stage we kind of know that Doing some kind of body English on like a concentric phase and people like power up like a barbell And then lower it slow it could lead to potentially really good muscle growth. I'm not gonna say that you should never do it I think keeping technique is strict as possible Is this the best bet for basically everyone we're not all Dorian Yates who should have torn more muscles Even sooner in his career with the training he was doing yeah, he's just injury resilient which is the biggest factor I don't think people talk about when it comes to genetics There are so many examples of people Where it's like do you remember that one guy who was prepping for nationals and everybody thought it was gonna be the next big thing And then you just never heard about him again because he blew his pack off for people was quite off We're squatting in a photo shoot and blew both his quads off the phone like there's all kinds of shit like that right But the guys you're seeing at the top are crazy injury resilient too Because when you're doing some of these compounds and you're super dry yeah and you're like Ronnie Coleman You're telling the answer pounds three weeks out, but you're also on a win straw and you're doing all this crazy Yes, it's Ronnie Coleman Yeah, the reason isn't to care hamstring is cuz he's Ronnie Coleman right he's injury resilient You could be just a strong as Ronnie Coleman, but you're not Ronnie and you're injury resilient He's probably not as high you would pull hamstring So to say that's the smartest thing to do is probably not right and we shouldn't be looking at the athletes for the answers Probably more of the coaches scientists So yeah, you can definitely build a lot of muscle doing things a lot of different ways It's more about the fatigue accumulation in the longevity of the career that's right and that's that's the biggest thing I think if you can promote career longevity and be able to walk around when you're doing bodybuilding unlike a lot of guys Probably a better bet for you right I understand enjoyment and I understand being in early 20s I wanted to have you shatter around cool get out of the way, but if you have the ability to step away from the ego Yes, and understand what could probably be better for you. You know do that as early as possible Don't have the injuries Don't don't be like those guys right because you're gonna get just as much muscle growth if not more by focusing on these little details So yeah, could you put on a similar amount of muscle obviously? Yeah, especially whenever you're in a ballaxe involved you can look at a can wait and put on some muscle Depending on who you are right, but that doesn't mean it's the best no. No, I agree with you 100% I think you know how deep comes a mind right so guy like hotty who trains like an animal You know, I mean huda turn around and put two or three plates and do walking lunges with it He needs to do six plates Oh, we got because in his head, but I'll be okay. You're not doing a straight set. We'll do a strip set Because I have to now becomes like a hostage negotiation because he has his point of view It's but in the last seven that's cool though because your guy Operating on those anecdotes and you just said you put him through like a strip set instead These are techniques that As somebody who looks at the literature and kind of like Understands the physiology behind all the stuff like you do it's like okay They're do implementing these form of ecology. Yep. They're this fatigued They're this brittle and they're joints in the connected issue. I'm already implementing a periodized approach where There are more intensity techniques in that last four to six weeks Then earlier on in the prop So instead of allowing him to do six plates for five working sets You were like we're gonna do one intensity technique right strip set. Yes, it that's what we're gonna do. Yes It's gonna be intense as fuck It's gonna hurt right. It's gonna be a lot of metabolites in the tissue right and that's just a really smart way to work around Athletes like ecology because they need that hard grit bullshit right that they want to do that you know It was not smart right now and Because you are very aware and you've done so much of the stuff you get that and I could make that as nerdy as I want And talk about it in the study terms and why that's intelligent, but we've come to the same conclusion right. Yeah, it's brilliant right brilliant way to get into the mind of an athlete and be like hey We're not focused on the low right now. We're focused on the fucking pain and the muscle and I'm gonna make it hurt Yeah, so get on with the squat rack and let's go. Yeah, and look he needs that stimulus right I'm trying to give him that stimulus so that psychologically he doesn't go home afterwards And he says I left it on the table because he is literally an animal, yeah, right? But if I can turn around and manipulate that thought process and say hey look we can get time Under tension we can turn around and take a little bit longer. We can turn around and do more reps And we'll be able to get even more out of it with less injury likely to hit our injury Let's do it this way, okay, and you know and you can hear me and Farcie say hey look dude I don't want you doing this, but we're gonna do this or whatever because I have to turn around and try to back him off It was the same way when we brought him from 212 to open You know everyone's like oh, what'd you do what you doing go less volume less? Cuz he's crazy because he's crazy. He would train two hours a day twice a day and then he would want to do cardio on top of it And then when I said look your number one problem is you shouldn't be training twice a day You should be training once a day and instead of three hours sometimes up to three hours I need you to train for 90 minutes on the big body parts and then up to an hour hour and 15 minutes for a smaller body parts And that's all just that alone helped him win the Olympia because we cut back the volume his weight stayed high He didn't break down so much muscle because he wasn't recovering and again and you know again It was also like hey, take some EAA's do you know do more protein powder You know let's increase your protein because your ability to absorb it's much higher than you think Yeah, it was afraid to eat and then it's it's just cool to hear you say these times to think because it's like It's not that you don't know That him not being a psychopath in the gym Would lead to better outcomes instead you know he needs to be a psychopath in the gym. Yes, and you know The volume then has to come this way That doesn't mean he won't get better results if you could do this it just means that he has to do this or he's not gonna be happy with himself That's right and you've modified it to where Okay, we're gonna get the results we can get because you like to train this way and we're gonna knock that down You're only gonna train this long. You're only gonna do this much volume. Yep, and that's His optimal right that's his optimal Yeah, so when people like you're trying to talk about out on this and optimal that and it's got to be tuned to 20 sets like I said earlier It's like no, no, it's it's athletes ecology dependent for fucking sure that's right and That's the cool thing with Nick Walker as well. Is he loved the training so much? I got him on board We started the train. I started to increase that's a little bit and he's like I need to do a couple sets Where I'm one in the tank at least and I'm like volume's coming down then it's a bunch of concepts Put together to understand Where these things fall right it's not I'm telling you you have to do this I'm telling you what could be the best this could be better potentially for you Right, but if you're psychology's telling you know then it's not better for you. This is better for you So you got to understand that too and that's where a really good coach comes in a play And that's why you're one of the best coaches of all time We're not the best coach of all time. No, I appreciate that But that's exactly where I'm trying to get more people to understand. You know it's You got it also look at it as Chess moves ahead, right your body's going to be constantly resisting things And you have to think ahead about what you do if you up your cardio how is that going to affect your recovery? If you cut back your calories how is that going to affect your recovery? And then if you want to do one of the other Exactly exactly right and again doing too many stimulants I always like hey, but that'd be careful of that So doing those things right and and and and those techniques of what goes on like I like to start Fatburner sometimes with some compliance really early Right and people go oh got to get you got stressed about their adrenals No, I need to cut their appetite back so therefore I can get them going So you got to think of the human aspect when it comes to the psychology Of what you're getting trying to get this person in the other clients that are like no no this this client Need to get more fat off at the beginning of prep yes because when they get to end of prep They will push too fucking hard. Yep because they will see the fat they have left and even if I know they're gonna be on track They will add fucking cardio and I know they will do it so I'm just gonna put it in right now And we're gonna cut back at the end of prep That's right and they're gonna be ready for weeks out instead of two weeks out and they're not gonna be suffering psychologically and have more cortisol response So this is like a lot of that kind of shit in there. That's crazy. You have to read the room And that's what makes the difference between a good coach and a great coach You have to do these things because if you know this person is gonna turn around and do what you just said and add more cardio more volume more of these things Then you have to turn around like hey, you know what I would normally have this person only on 300 grams of carbs over 350 now I know this guy's gonna be training his ass off so I'm gonna go ahead and bump that up a little bit because I know I got to feed the machine So all of these things are all unspoken truths on a version You know So again, you know, we don't get too much into this type of detail on this podcast because most of the time I have an athlete sitting across the way not somebody who's a coach and somebody who You know an exercise Scientists who turn around and be able to really break it down So for us to be able to geek it up together I appreciate it because Yeah, absolutely what do you think is the number one thing that that you know is that most people do wrong When it comes to being able to like whether it's a competitor or somebody who's getting ready for a photo shoot What do you what do you notice that especially now with you know with kind of that fresh eye that you're seeing? Yeah, what do you see? in terms of Training yeah, in terms of training right now What is the number one thing that you think just wanted to make sure that like do you feel that this up that? Is it too much volume is it technique is it range of motion? What do you feel like is the number one? We've put Tons of top pros through workout to this point I've got been reached out to about so many other coaches in the industry like can you help this athlete can you do this? And every session we've ever done on YouTube it's technique it's technique like people have been taught just garbage training technique for the longest time and When you Get your hands on somebody The first thing I'll ask him is how many sets how many movements you do and how many sets you do And they'll tell me something outlandish and I'm like we're gonna do half of that today and you're gonna have the better pumped than you've ever had in your life In the promise and every single time it's like how the hell do you do that? And it's the same thing you do yeah, it's like I need you to Instead of being taught in high school feet forward and sit back in a squat I'm gonna have you do this a little bit point of toes. I'll open your hips and get deeper And you're gonna feel that as you have more for more for knee flexion and now your quadrucks are getting Simulator really well. There's no clue it's into anymore and you're just gonna have a really bad time What a good time You're speaking from self Evidence like I mean this is like again that's what you did right? That's how you used to train 100% yeah, yeah, we all you know we all were taught in high school like right do this exact thing is like okay cool get great Right, you don't question it and then you start to question a little bit and that's what gets you really involved and interested in it You're like okay well they said this but it was wrong. Oh, there's a science to this right and that's it We all took that path you know what I mean so it's the biomechanics is probably the number one thing I would say that and just like straight up just not knowing how to train properly. It's just People go into the gym with the all-enough thing mindset. Mm-hmm. It's just so as backwards like Doing too much is real like you yeah, just set with hotty. Yeah, it's a real thing it is and I think especially for people who use the gym as an escape or for people who Went to the gym and when you're when you have good genetics, you know Because within six months of training you're putting a more muscle in all your friends you have this sick pack You have like little delts popping through and you're like oh, I have good genetics You don't you know conceptualize it that way, but it's obvious and like you stick with it because you're good at that thing It's like if you jump into the pool and you swim a facial app then everybody you tend to be a swimmer You go toward the thing that you're good at and When somebody is going ball so the wall because they went to the gym as an escape and they're putting on the ton of muscle They think like okay, so I know what I'm doing right now. I know what I'm doing and they're just doing way too much Most of the time so the technique Doing too much are huge issues and I think if you could just Break down everybody's technique and and tell them that they don't have to do so much like you do with hotty They're gonna make a lot more progress, right? Just is what it is, you know Especially for the people who've been training a long time, right? But I do feel like a lot of people again Who are starting out and if you're listening to this podcast and you're starting out What you want to do is you want to learn the proper technique because if you like a bad golf swing if you learn Improper positioning and improper just form you're going to have a problem for a very long time Not going and you're more likely to get hurt, but you're also not going to be able to grow And you're not getting full range of motion and you're gonna end up hurting your knee You're gonna end up having some kind of issue with your shoulder and you're not going to be able to really take yourself to the next level And most people don't have good genetics Yeah, unfortunately right most people come to me and go hey honey. I want to be like this guy or I want to be like this guy And I go look you don't have the genetics of that guy So you may be able to get a lot better But you have to be able to be the best version of yourself So what are you doing wrong? You know again getting a training session in Being able to watch something being able to get on an app being able to do those things because when we started out a long time ago It was like magazines and encyclopedia modern body building Arnold Schwarzenegger all of those things I would read every yeah, right? Like a starting position of the exercise and a stopping position there were no videos It was just like oh, so that's how you squat then Yes, exactly and then you would learn from the biggest guy in the gym Right, that's where I learned we didn't have YouTube We didn't have any of that stuff when I was growing up right you would have maybe a strength and conditioning coach in high school And if you be lucky you turn around and you know the guy would know a little bit Yeah, most of them didn't unfortunately, you know, and then if you really want to know about nutrition Then you nothing right I mean I had one of the my strength and conditioning coaches was about He knew I had really read up on a lot of training nutrition supplementation because I geeked out about it when I got into it When I was 12 or 13 years old and he goes yeah honey You know, what do you would you suggest we do for Carp you know some extra carbs and this is that and would be like we do pasta and we turn around and do sandwiches We just I mean I mean we talk about like peanut butter jelly sandwiches when you can just to keep weight on during double days and I mean we're pasta, you know one of the old tropes from like a lot of the football coaches was like God drink chocolate milk after you lift man Was that one of them? No, so my guy huge man. Oh, you do it all say it was like He's like honey, what do you think and I would to be like hey, you know you can throw in some pasta you can throw in this We can throw in all you know When you're making your protein shake throwing up banana throw in you know the nut butters throw in all of these things So you can be able to end up doing higher calories and then he would turn around and the guy is like my gosh He goes yeah speaking of bananas Guys make sure you're hitting the bananas all the time and I was just listening over to the Test yeah, well, no, no, this is what he said honestly God he goes and we're all sitting in the weight room and he turned around and he'd be like And I'm like okay Like bananas and I'm like all right like it's great snack, you know like it's easy It's this maybe that's why he's like and then somebody throws a hand in a coach Okay, well how many bananas? He's like Judas means you can and I'm like whoa right and then just like and then he goes Coach can I ask you why you know so many bananas and he says well What a grilla is he oh Mike and that he said you ever see a small gorilla I'm singing girl is he bamboo bro They eat that but those are the things that I wrote within the early 90s that is like some straight up old hat body But or not it's logic though. Yeah, like we'll look at running we'll look at Dorian It's like no look at the coaches right where did they say and do it? What are the scientists saying? But that is so funny because that is like if you break it down that's literally the same logic It is so funny. It's just that's why this kind of this kind of stuff's important Yeah, and we're talking about it and that's why it's like You know everybody wants to know the magic cycle. Yes, what's the magic cycle? Yeah the magic cycle I'm going to share with everybody on this podcast for the first time Is the least amount of drugs that you can take and still recover quickly? That is the magic cycle Absolutely, okay. It could be two 300 milligrams a week. It could be just a little bit more it could be a combination of a couple different And about the types but what he is to take the least amount and get the most out of it because your body will eventually Acclimate to those dosages as in these you get bigger You'll notice that you don't give the same dosage as a great name as you do a chihuahua Right and then you may take more but if you have room for that because otherwise what you're going to do is compound side effects So the best coach is the coach that can get you as far as possible with the least amount of gear That is the best coach so when you turn around and you can be able to reproduce that's a great bright power by product A good Michael because you can turn around and procreat Yeah, I think in our Our field it's tough we get a lot of guys Because we're able to like pick and choose yeah who have done this stupid shit And now we're able to do the low stuff yeah But because they did the dumb shit They got as big as they did yes, but they got there and they weren't healthy no So they took a shortcut to get some more quicker But now they're dealing with a bunch of sides And they don't talk about and that's what you want to avoid correct so we're unfortunately Same thing with the training I'm unfortunately getting guys who are injured already The guys who are like oh yeah trained super hard core for 10 years and I've beaten my knees up Be my shoulders of I tore this muscle I did that and I'm like yeah, see and then they'll go through a session like man I was short of known this 10 years ago Mickey still wouldn't have done it You wouldn't know anybody wouldn't have done it you even the guy you talking shit on it. What's the same thing with us with the compounds? It's like I Know what you did because I saw what your old coach gave you right you're never gonna fucking do that again Right ever because you have the size and we can maintain that size with much less Right so it's hopefully people are able to and this is cool because Again leaving the industry better than we found it like There's not there was not a lot of access to like understanding what coaches knew what about what cycle and design and things of that nature What there are a lot of guys out there now that are really smart and they use these like safer use models and they do exactly what you just said and like I could name drop a ton we could talk about it But like it's just if we can keep having these conversations and leave the industry better and that capacity Especially because that's the most dangerous aspect of all this shit It's just better for everyone and it's chat GPT is really good at extracting data at this point If you put in like eight clients lab work and you put in like hey, this is exactly what they did Can you find a trend line? I guarantee you it could find a trend line like this is why it's pretty crazy My only problem with that is where is that information going like deep sink Right sure it's going to go that now deep It's going straight to Beijing right it's like it's going straight there They noticed it they went and followed the data and it's going right there Which had GPT where's that information going? All these people's blood work, but yeah, that's a little bit that's a little sus you know, but 21 and me you know, I think Google and a bunch of other Maybe some pharmaceutical companies about that information. Oh, yeah 23 me yeah, yeah, the swit was 23 me yeah, and all that stuff so it's like all that shady shit's going on Like you just like what the hell if they're using it to make the world better I don't give a shit take it all. Yeah, I don't think they're gonna make it to what You try to sell everybody what they think they're gonna need about 10 to 20 years hey, man Hopefully they're you know, they're they're it's cool some of the things that are happening with the eye They're like a Reverse in your cancer cells million cancer cells like they're coming to solutions which is amazing Yeah, well, you hear about this vaccine that they have in Russia and they turn around Yeah, Putin said that he has a vaccine in Russia. That is an anti-cancer vaccine and again Didn't get into too many specifics yet or it's supposedly that's gonna be coming out I do want to ask you one thing about your take on the JLP one right and Have you had a chance to play around with them at all like those I'm bigger any of those types of On myself, no On clients so when you use them I'm fortunate to know Mike's wife Dr. Crystal who's a sports medicine physician She obviously knows about all this stuff prior to hitting actual gen pop and They've used them very successfully Dosages keeping them low micro dosing is probably better than just taking a mega dose All that stuff titrating up down depending on what were the bodybuilders at They're only getting better and better Treasuppot died retatratide So maclotimes was the first you'll be one another actually on several pathways and The side effects are going down and down and down and again they've been studied for a long time It's not just like they just whip the shit up and they're like all right, let's send it out right like it's been It's been in the background for a while right like it's the same way with the internet like it was kind of happening before it was happening So yeah, they're helping people lose weight A lot of people freaking out about like the bone mineral density loss and things that nature took it well that chick wasn't training She wasn't eating protein of course that fucking happened. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah, that's the number one thing I think that people have wrong with because there's a lot of people that just think it's a quick fix You don't realize there's always something that has to be able to Connect to be able to get the best out of something. Yeah, and I think that's the cool right about just like anybody You can't have all kinds of sitting out on the couch at home. You can't take it in a box and train and not eat protein You have there's always there has to be a community like a a cumulative effect that has to occur right I think the biggest thing with those is just especially your body builder if you're a bodybuild using those things you're training you're eating protein and if you can learn pure desation nutritionally What a settling point is what a set point is how that works in the human physiology and You can use these to help you get to there post contests and not be a fucking balloon animal after you get off stage And you don't just shit They're really they're great for post comp stuff. They're great for like read doing that post show period. They can help people into the shows People getting upset that it's like a Like a quick fix seemed to be the same old hat bodybuilders who are just like we'll just book and suffer man just what the hell right why Why there's a solution? They can be less hungry. They can play with their fucking kids two weeks out. They're not an asshole Why that you just want them to suffer because you did? Okay, right gives a shit like let them use it if if hunger is like a huge I have no hunger Like some of the pharmacologists and put it for me Cushes my fucking app is out already. Yeah, and also just the over count of fat burners too You can really cut that back. Yeah, you know, and you want to eat because that's what's anabolic the most Anabolic compound is being able to eat it's protein right is it? And if you can't eat that's I think that's the number one thing the takeaway that I want everybody to hear is the fact that You got to eat and when it shuts it down completely of course your new muscle and you're going to be able to do that exactly So let's think if you can't eat because you're on too much yet You taper the shit down well if hunger is your biggest issue in a contest prep and it really really has held you back Have the conversation with the coach have it. It's fine. I'm gonna still try to help you Find better ways, but if you seriously need it I'm not against it at all, but we're not gonna just bump up to the two milligrams You can like 0.25 and maybe 0.1 like Three times a week and then you tell me how you're feeling right and if you're like I'm having a hard time getting my meals and now I'm like, okay, well, hunger wasn't your issue The issue is that you have cravings and you're giving into them and you're being kind of a pussy Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, well, that's the whole thing That's what you try to cover up with stuff like this right sometimes. Yeah, and I think I think most of the time But again, I'm just good. Yeah, and I just think that people want just an easy way out Yeah, but you know when you dance I mean, my thing is dude if we can get if there's a medication that comes out right and It preserves all your muscle and it speeds up fat loss by like a hundred times Yeah, and you can now walk around at 4% body fat all the time and you don't risk injuring your muscles You don't risk injuring a joint you don't risk any of this crazy shit that we have to worry about no hormonal issues If that drug comes out and I'd look at somebody and I say oh you're taking that Why like oh you're taking the easy way. I don't give off fuck Take the fucking easy way out. You want to look good naked. I don't give a shit Like the fact that people get mad about that kind of stuff. I'm just like dude Okay, I get it yourself for harder than I did. Okay, you're the man now that that's out of the way I'm gonna go back to taking this You know that yeah, if you can turn around and be able to do that You know and I'm sure that's gonna be like we're about let me look at this about 10 years off right from something like that right Yeah, I do think that they're gonna be able to come out with something Absolutely my my inhibitors are already being looked at like big time They're actually pretty close don't think given my secrets bro I talk to you later on tomorrow We got very close that's it don't tell Dr. Mike Yeah, you know his wife supports met physicians. So yeah, she's kind of prepared all this information. Yeah, and he's Russian And he's Russian He's got the vaccine already That's it. No, man. It was awesome. I'm glad that we got a chance to do this and we love you being a part of the team And I love it. He's able to give all the amazing for generally how do you like I've turned on every sponsorship I've ever been offered My thing was always giving back This is one of the biggest reasons that I did it getting you on our P podcast Like I told you straight up. I was like I don't need like the monthly stipend. I don't need that the country. I don't need this stuff I just want to People like us to be able to have these conversations because people put us in camps And it's weird as hell because we all made each other and we all like agree on so much shit, right? But then we have people commenting like honey Rambot thoughts and it's like do you have thoughts? Do you have a thoughts about what this guy said instead of just tagging me and asking me to put my input here? And it's when you when guys like that have been put in these separate camps show people that it's it's really more like a We're all in one. Yeah, camp helping each other out. Yeah, it's just better for the Community absolutely and it's like what you're trying to build with the community with the athletes and here and the coaching platforms and stuff Yeah, it's just it's cool. So and this is the exact reason why I wanted to sign with you guys Because your products are fucking delicious first of all The formulas are actually back by science, which is amazing and The team is just it's just a bunch of great people you're very intelligent and I couldn't be more grateful. It's cool Man, thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for the kind of words and and I feel likewise I can't wait to jump on the RP podcast It's gonna be on me. I'm yeah. We're gonna call this one like RP versus FSC 7. Yeah, yeah, so we can get the clickbait You know, I love it. Yeah But I don't know how you just agree on it. That's right every thing that's it But yeah, that'd be good thumbnail. We'll put that together I'm gonna have luck, you know, I'm gonna have life. We'll never let them know that's it I don't know in real life it'll definitely be the other way around But but no and it's been it's been awesome I mean we're gonna have some really cool stuff and I can not wait to do more training stuff More collab just talking about things walking through them and really setting the tone for the rest of the industry and Being able to have more candy conversations like the one we just had So again honey ram bod Jared feather and that's the truth

=== FILE: FULL ARM DAY  OLYMPIA PREP [C9d1JbT2Y1A].txt ===

Concertion I think that's the first time I've picked it high school. All right guys, we are here for the last workout before I go back to Texas. Why sets and try steps today? I know you've been normally we do three days on one day off, but because of the fact that I'm here for the entire workout series, we're trying to throw that extra workout day in, so we're in good arms. And I know you're tired. A little bit, but I think we're good arm, too. Anything for a good arm, then. So, we're going in there, smash the sharp dip. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going, Chris. No, no, no, no. Up, up. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. We are doing biceps and triceps, just finished up triceps, did close grip bench on the incline, then we came over and now we started triceps extension, then we turned around and finished our exercise, we started our first biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls. We are doing biceps exercise with the back of the local league curls.

=== FILE: FULL UPPER BODY WORKOUT w Ruff Diesel  3 Weeks Out [diqUogKAZqc].txt ===

But you got today, you wanted to do some, no? You said upper body, like an upper body. So normally I'll still have my usually go back and forth, it's going to chest and back. Then I'll do one more chest and back and then thighs and triars. OK, OK. Well, you choose. OK. The exercises are, no, you choose the body parts. Because I get, I mean, that's how I normally do my upper day. Oh, I mean, I don't know what you're doing. Everything. Yeah, yeah. Oh, OK. So you're actually doing like a chest and back. Yeah, yeah. And are you doing shoulder two? Kind of like an older. All up. Yeah, yeah. So the way I kind of structured it, I have two, two up a days a week. One more like Dorian style where he would do chest back and delts. And the second one I usually do chest back and arms. Yeah. The way I get a little bit of delt in is I do like a upper, upper, an incline for us. OK. Got you. I wanted the chest movement. So like something flat and something like a high incline. That way I get a little bit of delt in nicely. OK. OK. So let's do this. Let's go ahead and let's work on just some standard flies, warm you up, get everything all warmed up through your chest. And then from there, we're going to a press. And then, preferably an upper press so we can keep that upper chest really rolling and even that fullness right from your collarbone. And then from there, we can kind of play it by here and see how you feel. OK. Sonic Plant sounds good. All right, guys. Just literally a couple weeks out. So again, bringing in a whole new package. We almost got some we trained together. Couple months out. 10 weeks ago. 10 weeks ago. So again, just over two months ago, 10 weeks ago. And since then, continue the momentum. Yeah, I was there some good energy after that from here. Yeah. Yeah. Really, really good. Like this whole prep has been the best prep of my life. Yeah, that's awesome. Well, the updates look amazing. And I think that you had some really good momentum when you came and then just kept pushing to the next level after we got together. And I feel like you just kind of like, yeah, man, and wrote that way. So again, we're just a couple weeks out. So maybe we'll get a chance to see a sneak peek. Yeah, how am I? Yeah. We'll do some closing at the end, for sure. See the transformation from the last, the last go round. Yep. So I'll put some before and after, which I next to you. Yeah. All right, let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do this. Yeah. Good. Good. How's the way? Is it too heavy? No. It was good. How's the way? Is it too heavy? No. It was good. I don't know why it'll be too heavy. It's going to pull me back. Okay. It'll pull me back before it's too heavy. Okay. So how much heavier are you? Now, then you were in the past three weeks out. 14-ish pounds. That's my competed. That was 169-70. Right now, I'm around 185-ish. Nice. So it's been pretty good. Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, just 14 pounds. That means a lot of people are 14 pounds. Yeah. Wow. Last time, I got a compete out of fifth. That 17-ish. Let's see how things go. 14-ish pounds. 12 product calls for the 10-12. Got you. Good. So as you go backwards with your hands, go forward with your chest. Like that. There you go. So that's going to force a little deeper stretch. That's good. Good. Just slightly there you go. Good. Your feet planted. That's better. That's better. Now, bring your hands up a little bit. When you come up, bring your hands together. A little higher touch point. Good. Right there. Yep. Straight here. Good. Good. Don't forget to breathe. Good. Hold it right there. Hold it. Good. Good. Watch your rocking. You have natural tendency when rock back don't. Good. One more. Good. Now, we're going to do a little bit higher. There you go. Give me a couple reps there. One. Stretch. Good. Two. One more. Good job. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. All right. Let's do this set. We can tap. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Feet or flat. Perfect. Base is strong. Good stretch. And dry. Excellent. You can go a little further back. It should just a little forward. The act. Better. Good. There you go. Good. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Go back and forward. That's it. Good. As your hands come back and be forward. That's better. That's better. That's better. Good. Big difference. Big difference. And we're seeing go to the little higher. Good job. Come on, T. Good. Good. You able to open hand. Open hand. Hold it. Good. Again. Together. Hold it. Good. Stretch. Control. Good. Go two more. Two more. Stretch. Good. Watch the rocking back. Always lean in. There you go. Lean into it. That's better. Good. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Don't need too much. Just lean into it. Your hands go back. Go back. Go back. And you're just good. Again. That's better. Good. So as your hands go back. You just want to make your chest forward. Good. Stretch. Good. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Open hands. Open hands. To get other touch. Touch. Hold it. Three. Two. Okay. Two more reps. Just like that. Go. Okay. Now we're working. Good. Good. With my help. Right there. Hold it. Three. Two. One more like that. Go. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Excellent. Excellent. Control. Control. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's good. Good. Good. So again. It's all about hydration. So he's going to be just sipping his water. Whether you're doing essential amino acids, water. Very, very important. I like to be able to mix between the two. Whether you're some people just don't like a little bit of the serpiness of the central amino acids. Or they can go back and forth and have either two shaker cups or just one shaker cup of water. Then the next one with essential amino acids about 10 grams. So what I recommend. And just using that as an anti-catabolic during the training goes really, really far. So just make sure that you're constantly staying hydrated because as good as caffeine is for focus, it is a dioretic. So just remember that all throughout the day, whether you're energy drink, pre-workout, fat burners when you're dieting, you're doing stuff before you do cardio, you're doing stuff before you train, you gotta stay hydrated. So between the electrolytes as well. And we had that lesson the lesson you're here about electrolytes. And making sure how important it is because water do not contain electrolytes. You need to be able to add electrolytes to get that water to stick, especially when it comes to the muscle. Definitely. All right guys. Just a reminder before we go into the next exercise. If you're looking for my coaching services, the truth system is now live and taking applicants. So if you want access to me and my coaches, all you gotta do is see the link below. Click on the link below and you get more information on my coaching services. Let's get back to this workout. So we're doing a neutral incline panotta press. So what makes it neutral? It's the hand positioning, right? So instead of a basic overhand barbell style press, what we're doing is we're doing a neutral. So you can see me doing this many times with a lot of athletes with dumbbells. And on this particular machine, a little bit more in terms of safety than a dumbbell. But it also gives a little bit more stretch because you're not afraid. You have a self-spotting mechanism as well as me being right above. Boom. There you go. It's fancy. Yeah. How did that feel? Feels good. Feels good. Yeah smooth, right? Yeah. You want to work with the Lieutenant, I got you to say it. Yeah, you can have another play. Okay. This is. So the question was, was Wesley just here? Well, the video that I shot with Wesley was actually in Germany, right? When we were at the people Expo, after the Arnold, we had talked about doing a training session together. And obviously it made sense for us to be able to do it in Germany, him being there for the Expo, me being there for the people Expo, afterwards. So, last week we got together after the Expo, we know we're both there for eight hours days, long days, long days, long days. Super long days. But he was just super excited to want to get a workout in. Because he talked about possibly coming to Dallas. But obviously, that's a big logistics thing. That's a lot for him coming from Europe. And I'm already in Germany. So we got together. We went over to Ivo, Lange and got a good workout in there. Did legs. Obviously, you try to show him a lot about trying to really stretch and probably go for an engine, but really good FST7. Exercise is we did a preload with the quads on the lay extension. We gave me a little bit of the old Andre vibes when I used to have to push him back in the seat. I don't know if you were excited to video with me, pushing Andre back in the lay extension. Yeah, with that thing, it's probably got about 10 million views somewhere. But one of the things that we did was really focus on just mind muscle connection in the quads. And then also going back to squats, because he has a squat in a very long time. I feel like even though he's taller, he needs to squat. Because if Chris can squat, Wes can squat. So it's something that's massively important. And so we did some squats and retrain that mind muscle connection to do that. Super nice guy. And I know that he took that into Matt. And I think that's going to kind of fire him up a little bit. Okay. So again, I think it's a blessing. I mean, it's kind of sucks because he didn't qualify. But I think it's actually a good thing it's a blessing in disguise because with him not qualifying, now he's forced to take time off. Because it was on a ticket either way though. Supposedly, but they say that, but sometimes athletes change their mind because now they qualify. If you were to one, he would have recqualified. And then he would have been hard for him to take it. I've done it twice. I don't have any issues. If I say I would do some, it's done. Because yeah, he qualified, but he lost three four guys to meet. And in my mind when I happened to meet, when I went from six to nine, I was like, I'm going to love you. And in place night again, I'm not having to progress enough to beat the guys that beat me last year. Right. So like, I guess if I could, yeah, yeah, I'm to the point where like, if I'm going to do something, I say I'm going to do it because if I don't like that, that short-term gratification will happen back on stage. Being on the lump of your means is nothing. If I play his 10th or 11th to 12. Right. Well, no, I agree with you 100%. I also think that West is spoke about like, what are the things that need to change in my opinion? I just said, look, the ratio of upper body, lower body, his upper body grew again. So it also made him even more terrifying if the top note. But it's actually not allowed his upper body to grow and put that weight. Because again, the classic, you have weight class, you got to be careful. You can't just keep blowing up. You need to just make sure that all of that weight goes as lower body measures. It needs to be an X-frame and not a V-frame. You got to worry about the lower as well as the upper body. He's so wide. I love how to work to do it. To get that with. But he can do it. I really do believe he can do it. It's just a matter of if he's going to have to put that time and effort and get out of his comfort zone. But we had a really good leg workout. If you hadn't seen it, go check it out. It was a really good workout with Wesley from Feebo. I don't know if you got chance to see it. Now, yeah, I saw the picture of you guys together. I was like, oh, somebody's not going to thought, I don't know why I thought you guys were here. But no, no, I have to check it out for sure. I like, I like I said I like Wesley a lot. Probably my favorite guy out of the top top guys to talk to. Yeah. Not that like that. He's the worst. He's the most charismatic, but like me and Wesley are more like low key chill guys in my opinion. So we connect a little bit a little bit better, you know? Yeah. Yeah. We love hers too. I didn't even get a chance to see him this weekend. He was too busy shaking hands and kissing babies. He's like the sea bum of Germany. So he comes to it like all those fans out there, you know, between him and Marcus Rul. Oh, yeah. That's what got with love to me. That's he's one of my favorite all the time. He's a monster monster. Okay, completely different physique than mine, but. Which is actually pretty pretty. He's surprising for you to say that because most people would be like Flex Wheeler Sean Rey. Somebody that's kind of very like you can emulate, but you like the mass monster. I appreciate people for what they would do, you know? Like he built his physique very, very well. Like I'm like he's Nick Walker fan. Because of how he keeps his waist tight on stage because everything is his power that is best. Okay. You know, so I don't really. Which is your favorite athlete of all times. I think we're at Lea, Brada. Really? Yeah. I don't know. Great father. Great husband. Great businessman. Great bodybuilder. No injuries. I can't think I literally can't think of one bad thing to say about. Yeah. Yeah. I love Lee. I guess Bowser. Very, very good. Very excellent. Good personal look up to. Appreciate it. All right. So to the set. All right. We're doing a phenomenal, incredible. We've got Terrence in the house. He's going to show us how it's done. Good. Good strong core. He planted good stretch and drive. Even though the weight's gotten heavier, he is not satisfied by some of this form. Good. Squeeze. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Drive it. Good. I'm going to help out. There you go. Good. One more. Help him a little bit more. Just two fingers right there. Go. Not one. Him to stop. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Don't stop. Keep driving. Keep driving. All the way there. Good. Nice and slow. Nice and slow. Get the most out of that negative. Good. Down. Good. Good. Money. All right. What do we learn? He literally kept a textbook form through the whole bio mechanics above the range of motion on this line. Press. You can use up to about a 10% variable and still be okay, especially on those every sets. So if you're giving a little bit of body English, it's okay. But as you saw, he gave very little to any difference compared to his lighter weight. He got good range of motion. That's why his chest continues to grow. But not a guy that I knew could have done it. 10 pieces. You know what's crazy? Like I feel like we're in the air. Now we're like, these equipment companies keep loving it. Because I feel like 10 years ago with kind of static. Like they wasn't like that for the last few minutes. Yeah. Okay. So yeah. So 100%. So everybody just had their version of some kind of row. Some kind of pull down some kind of press. Yeah. Inclined. Now what's happening is they're starting to get competition. Yeah. Competition. Competition. Competition. Yeah. Competition. Competition. Competition. Competition. Yeah. Competition. Competition. And then the I so Smith machine right. And everyone's like well, so then everybody else tries to come out with a version. Then they turn around and they up it and they're like, hey, by the way, our new one has got tell us, Scott, what kind of handles so that way we can go if you're wide or you're narrow or depending on if you're may or theme or that's the other one. So yeah. So that's going to be a new addition to my gym. So that we're going to be doing that because again, these are all upgrades right. When I had given a bit of feedback on the standing crew machine, we're interchangeable Well now there's three different ones getting ready to be a fourth one. These are things because everybody's stepping up their game Then when we're a fibo we announced that there's going to be a reboot of the change ribbon series Which is called the fantastic line So Lee Haney trained on that way back in the day. So now Lee is back with Pinnata and they are doing this really cool marketing collaboration So she was there and then I got to hang out with Mr. Hate time and lean ever goes anywhere Being able to hang out with Lee Haney. Okay eight time Mr. Olympia is absolutely next level So being able to see him on the new machines that's a reboot of an old machine But with new technology is next level. So again Seeing some of that nostalgia of Change ribbon but with the new cam technology next level. I have a trivia question for you. You might not get it. Okay What man has the most Olympia's? The man that has the most Olympia's is Well if you're trying to just open Olympia's house open open you have Ronnie with eight and you also have Lee any with eight now go ahead So the trivia the question the answer is Lee Haney and the reason is Lee Haney is because he has a daughter No, it's not his name Olympia there you go boom there you go So that's not an extra one for the extra to add on to the title Very good Good squeeze squeeze Good you're going Well and there you go contract good good that contraction is so important stretches amazing contractions on point good It's arching and squeezing good Good job Put it back and we're gonna place the week one more time a very key point to FST 7 training is during your final sets The working sets to take enough time for your body to rest so you do not hit Fatigue but you hit failure so when we did is we're taking a little extra time So we're gonna add even more weight so we went from one and a half plates to two and a half plates Because we're gonna wait up to three minutes totally fine Go a little longer with your rest break so that you don't get tired You want to make sure with this particular type of training is that when you're using that heavier weight You want to maximize your rest time so that you can be able to maximize the number of reps for the heaviest weights This is it. Oh, yeah, let's go Last work instead make a count in one control control it two excellent two three Good Good good come on tea Good Strations through those traps Know you can lean bro. Do you want to keep going go go go go go go go go go go go go go good Partial from the bottom stretch halfway up go one good again two again Three you got one more pull pull pull bring those out was back Excellent, who Nice It's y'all All right, so let's just do maybe like a feel or another feel or set just make it five reps good Good one more Good all right, right there. Let's do this guys here's a pro tip for you if you feel like it's light because he wrestled a little longer What are we doing? We're not gonna go to do 15 or 18 reps because then cardio That's that's going to fatigue We want to go to failure when you get to the failure at that eight to ten reps with a couple of partials thrown at the end That's gonna help you grow so do not continue stop five six seven reps Then add the weight rest again and then reset all right guys latest flavor of ice a jack just dropped it tastes just like a payday bar is called salted peanut butter candy So if you're into that payday flavor candy bar, you're gonna love the new ice a jack check it out Come on Let's go boom Great contraction nice stretch stretch good. Oh good Licks are locked in stretch in the top good Excellent again again Good Again Good good going Cool good trope trope and give him just enough help get him so he doesn't stick all you that was all you good Down down down low deeper hold it slow slow. It's good stretch good now down right there hold it slow slow on the negative We're gonna work on the e-centrics now go one last one hold it hold it hold it hold it We're gonna do a five second hold for Three two now go up up we're gonna do a stretch and we're gonna do partials off the top good pull one Two one more Daxom Good Last bread Good Pull it out chest up good with your shoulders a little bit like that not pull for NASA right there hold that hold that Good squeeze that five second hold for three two Good job that's rough Good Don't be afraid to bring your elbows forward a little bit there you go Good Good Good Keep that the more tight start working on your breathing from now that's it grown It should be on that stage you can have a lot of food going into it and you can reach your elbow just a little bit at the very end But that's better It's okay, good Good Keep going we want to get good warm up on the set Okay, it's the first mice effect exercise with this one you do want to warm up thoroughly Good Has that contraction feel that's good Good Try good Two more Good one more Hold it good job Let's go Good Six good Some good Squeeze quick good contraction good Good now turn your wrist up a little bit more on you go my past better good That squeeze good Again, go go go go go go go go good one more one more come on Terence Try it up drive it one more you got this ZZ take deep now now it's time to dig deep now it's time to deep you're gonna be on stage in three weeks you got two more go again Come on We're gonna do this one. We're gonna finish up as a dropper Go go down You got this come on soon some to grow those arms into the show here you go get it good We're not going that much later down to please Let's go Good Good Squeeze good come on Terence good Go go go go go go Good one more one more go go go go go go Right there now hold it now go slow on the way back Let's go slow on the way back go slow on the way back got it Good Right Hold that hold that five second hold five four three two Good job let's go relax for second and go right into your front last minute. I know you don't do these Let's see what it looks like no, I think you should do everything pose good Drive Squeeze what your arms Hold it hold it hold it Good relax. I'll finish it up with one tricep movement. All right good Then we'll see what it looks like to good Great good four five six seven eight two ten eleven twelve thirteen You definitely need to know what to say 14 you keep telling me please that's it that's like I'm just doing tell me hey bro that was like you got to tell me if you won't I can I can start telling you a way that should do it. Yes. Yes. Can you talk three reps to fill it out? Good way yeah good that's three four keep going five stand six good good stand Good good good two more two more Good good good one more one more one more come on Hold tight hold tight squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze Now go back slow control deliberate really good good job good job Terrence Excellent Let's go Good That's that tricep get the separation from the biceps tricep really good delcat rear delts are looking on point that's full because he just got done to him back That was the primary body part so again super full through that triceps can really see that the little bit of the extra carbs are really getting him's body to push great separation on the tricep great horseshoe all the way down deep that's getting this is very genetic some people don't get this all the way down and he's also in shape so that looks really good Oh Hold it hold it right there just like that five seconds fourth three two good job I'm gonna show you some little iron but that's good right there Yeah I saw that hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it Good job Okay caps up good hamstrings split good good good there you go good Three just like to stay there all day long control good that looks really good Let's go right into the act of wiser right now position Set it up Good Good Bees Check it now Hold it So, let's just put  model on everything we do, now we make the car through . . is it good turning angle? yesda, but not a sen but a fan it is strong now it's pretty good ourILUTRE just looks like a normal car Good. So, it's good. Shoulder should twist a little more. It's like, try to do it straight there. Boom. Like, there you go. There you go. Then hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Just bump. Good job, relax. Really good. Thank you. Yeah. Good job. Thank you. All right, guys. We just got them doing chest biceps. A little bit of tricep. Yeah. And that's right back as well. Yeah, so we did all four. And just over three weeks out from the Pittsburgh Pro and believe me, this show is going to be stacked. How is it work out? It's great. Fantastic. I got the tricep new pieces, which is always really nice. You know, my name is good stuff. And they're hard to find in some places. You know, he's in stuff. Yeah. Really nice. Yeah. Well, you're, like, so, as you before, man, you're always welcome. We will see him in Pittsburgh. I mean, got to see a little sneak peek. And so we got to see what kind of shape he's in. He's already looking right there. I mean, he's at 90%. The only thing that he's got to do is just continue to keep just chiseling away the micro detail. Work on the posing to be able to show it all off and be able to put that on stage. So it's just a matter. Just landing that plane perfectly at the very end. And being in such good shape this far out is going to make that more possible. A lot of people rush and try to peek perfectly during the last week is not which recommended because then you have more of a chance for error. Yeah. So you want to be in shape a bit early and then kind of cruise in during that last week. But what I really like is the fact that it's been about two and a half months. Since we trained together here at Jim and being able to see him not only get chiseled, but also holding on to his size and growing into the show. You've been doing a fantastic job in your coach and it was great having you here. So again, let's see how Pittsburgh goes because this is going to be a really good dogfighting show. Yeah. Yeah. So and then after that we'll decide on at that point you're going to be announcing what you're doing next. There. Yeah. Maybe another show we'll see. Okay. Yeah. Keep it on the rest and have a bite. Okay. Let's see. Okay. Well, again, some exciting news that's going to be coming out then. And make sure you check out his page if you're on a writing follow him. Then, you know, T is next level. He's definitely putting out a lot of really good content. So again, watch the road to the Pittsburgh pro because you are not going to want to miss it. I will be there myself with the team, EVGEN and making sure that we see greatness that's about to occur. Because this is going to be a dogfighting. Yeah. Yeah. So like she showed us that's what I hear. So, excited to make my comeback at it. Yep. So again, make sure you check it out on your round body. Tarendt's rough and peace.

=== FILE: Full FST-7 Shoulder Workout with Andrei Deiu & Hany Rambod [Rut6ny63GOs].txt ===

I'm here with none other than the man himself, the child boy Wonder. It's still like the big baby because all you guys have seen the leg extension video from almost like eight years ago where it's probably gotten maybe like a hundred million views if you add up all the different sites that I'm still sore from the workout. For me years ago, that's it. But we're here in Dubai. So again, a little bit of a reunion Andre hit me up beforehand and said, let's get a workout session in and he is getting ready for the Romanian pro. So first of all, congratulations on the seventh place, right? Seven places. Seven place finish. I know the goal was to try to beat his original top five. But again, the lineup is even tougher now. So again, it's just every year. Every year, it just keeps getting tougher and tougher. It's not a top of that. It's like three years, though. Yes. Yes. And he had three years off and I use both to do classic. So let me know in the comments below that whether or not he should have done classic. I still think he should have done classic with this kind of physique. But ultimately with men's physique, three years off coming back, he's hitting seventh place in the world. Amazing. So good job to you and step on. Now you guys are a great, great job. And now we're here in Dubai. How are you feeling, brother? How's it? How's it been since the Olympia? It's a little different because taking so much time off. I feel amazing. I feel like I got the fire back. It's been a lot of the three years of the last few years. I've been traveling, partying, and stuff. Now I kind of got the fire back and motivation to I need even. To be honest, my goal for Olympia was to be in the first pullout. Yes. So I'm so excited because this was one of the hardest line ups, especially for me. So we've already for Olympia champions. Right. Yes. So we've already beat up gold and now the gold is to win a Romanian show. Yeah, my home country and qualify for the next year. I saw Olympia. So Romania is very close to my heart because that was this first show ever that we worked together. So that was amazing. We did our pro debut there. I think you went like 200 bucks. You know, we just spent on foot. You know, it was like, you know, it was like, you know, it was pro debut. You went qualifies for the Olympia his first year. The first time we did a show together. And it was amazing result. So again, I think you're going to look amazing because I've seen some of the videos. We're going to do shoulders today because he's got shoulder day to day. He's getting a little bit like getting over a little jet lag, right? Jet lag, yeah. I literally just been a week since I got back from big ass and the time difference, like Joe Bowers from Dubai to Las Vegas on to trying to get back into my team in routine. And it's been hard to be honest. I've been tipping the last week or so like three for hours and I'm not from painting a meal getting done. And we can only have two or three of the stuff. And then we kind of need to relax a little bit. Yes, yeah. So again, sleep super important. It's going to pick your body dryer and you'll be able to continue to get leaner. If you could have a lack of sleep, you're going to definitely have issues with drying out. So again, he's going to have to reset. We talked a little bit a little bit earlier today. Giving him some tips on how to be able to get some really good sleep so that it allows his body to kind of just dry out again. Because again, when you have high cortisol and low sleep, you're going to realize how much more water you get. And sleep. Yeah, yeah, you get a washed out look, right? So these are all things that are normal, especially when you travel 15 hours back from the states like he did. And now he's trying to reset and be able to get past all of the different types of, you know, basically jet lag. So right now, again, good hard workout, but he's at the booth all day today. So it was a crazy, crazy day today for everyone. And now we're going to get a good shoulder workout in. I was trying to get him to do legs, but he said no, he said he's still sore from eight years ago. No, this time. But let me know in the comments below if we should do legs. Because I know a lot of people ask me all the time when the video's out there about legs, right? No, we would have to do legs at some point. Yes. But no right now. Yeah, maybe we do it together. I would put you for my legs. Yeah. I don't think I'll say that. Let's go hit on. So we'll definitely go to do it. You ready? Let's do it, bro. So what we're doing now is obviously he's warmed up lateral head. Then we're doing the front head. We're going to do then posterior. Now the other thing that's really important is the fact that this here, what I've noticed about his physique is that taking those three years off, especially focusing on not getting his arms. That's literally what he had to do. Make the body part smaller to be more competitive because his arms were taking over so much. And again, I'm a kind of guy that I was hoping that he was going to go classic. So we kept his arms a little fuller. But now that he's focusing really on just solely men's physique, his arms had come down, which is better for that class. Again, I think he's got a great upper body classic physique. This leg's, he's more legs. Maybe one more run at the classic, bro. Come on. One day I was going to try and hit myself after I was 35 or 40 years old in the after I went to Romania showing two weeks. The plan is to actually focus on my legs. They've been improving, but because I didn't kind of like the proposes, you know, extra calories and stuff. That didn't train properly, they said I want to really focus on legs. Yeah, you come to Texas and then you get a little barbecue and then we're going to head and we'll train legs. We'll go in there and my gym. My gym. Like all times, we're going to do like a one second pause at the top and then we'll come down, start just to give it really good focus, archer back. Yeah, there you go. Hands in front, hands in front. There you go. Now get your lats out. There you go. Shores up. Bend the elbows a little more. There you go. Shores up a little higher. Like that. Now go out and turn. That's better. Good. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So if you notice what we're doing is we're really trying to focus on that lateral head. Elbow is slightly bent. You do not want to straighten out your arm for that. You want it slightly bent. You want to pull up with your pinky and twist slightly. Just like you're pouring a pitcher of iced tea at the very top. Andre's always had amazing shoulders, but now they're actually as he's getting more muscle maturity because he's almost 40. No, I'm just kidding. He's almost 30. Go. Two more. Two. One more. One more. Go. Now twist one more and twist your wrist even more and go out farther. Good. Slow. Good. Joulemur. One more. Go. Hold it. Good job. There you go. The way he counts. You say it's too much. Yeah, double your six more. Yeah. The Persians are Romanian to have exchange rate. The exchange rate is one American rep is equivalent to 10 Romanian reps. It's right. It's Gypsy counting. It's Gypsy counting. One for you, 10 for me. That's it. Good. Good. Only one sitting there. I'm actually getting more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Again, we're not going to kill the volume because what we want to do is we want to stimulate and then we want to be able to go right into recovery phase. So what does that mean? That means we're going to spend about 45 minutes doing this workout. That's it. 45 minutes. Because we want to be able to really focus on the deltoids and then we want to be able to get him food another meal and then to bed. So that way we can reset because he hasn't had that rest that you need. And remember, you don't grow on the gym. You grow outside of the gym and while you're sleeping. Really important. Good. There you go. Good. Down slightly. Straight right there. Chest up. Good. Good. Good. Really good delcap. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Perfect. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Out. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Up. Two more. Up. Good. Now right there. So now only your left side. Go. One. Two. Three. Good. Now rest for a second. Now we go together. Chest up. Chest up. Now together. Go. One. One more. Good job. Good job. All right. So we did there's he has a little bit of asymmetry. He's had it for a while, right? From a shoulder injury a long, long time ago. So what we're doing is we're trying to get his left shoulder to catch up to his right shoulder. I'm sure he hasn't been doing much. Oh, yeah. And we used to. We used to. So again, just trying to remind him because that's the strong shoulders is right. So we want to get that left shoulder to really fire to be able to catch up. So we're doing his extra reps on that left side. So again, remember if you had that asymmetry, focus on the weight of the weaker side at the end and then we'll throw is we're going to end up doing an extra set of just the weaker side. Yeah, put your hands on your hips. Stand right there in the light in the middle. Good. Good. There you go. shoulder caps. There you go. Now really focus on your left shoulder first then set the right shoulder. That's better. That's better. Good. Good. Squeeze right there. There. Hold it. Hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Good job. So for those of you that want to know how to get really deep striations, it's about that mind muscle connection flexing is going to help that tremendously. Many bodybuilders now are so lazy they do not focus on flexing and posing. That's why the detail isn't there because pure laziness. The more you flex, the more you do those flex sets, the more you're going to have separation, the more you're going to have those muscle insertions to really pop. You're going to have deeper, deeper separation that makes that more impressive, grainy look that a lot of those physique have gotten away from just because they're not spending enough time posing. Watching you guys could be in this bottom action learning from you. You're not so cool. You're not. Because I never. I'm one of these lazy bodybuilders like you fucking go follow me. No, but when we're together you follow me. Yeah, when we're together. When we're not seeing you, we're not seeing you. Well, even doing it, you were doing it for years. But you got away from it a little bit. But I still see you doing it. But not as much. Yeah, but I still see you do it. You know? Yes, last set. We're going to do one more set. Last set. Let's go. Okay. Good. Perfect. Right there. Good. Good. Keep that eye on that left shoulder. Boom. Good. Good. Good. Good job. Good job, Andre. Good job. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Turn that left for us, too. Boom. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Now just the left. Just the left. Two reps. One. Two. One more now. A little higher. That's it slow. Slow. Now together. Finish it. Good. One. Two. Good. Good. That's it. Good. Good. Good. One more like that. Go. Down slow. Down slow. Good job. There you go. There you go. Okay, there you go. So boys and girls, what you want to do is you want to be able to get in that flex set, but you also want to be able to get negative. So the negatives are going to be able to help because now you're going to take your body to the complete exhaustion failure that we're looking for. Don't go to fatigue. If you're looking to break plateaus, go to failure. If you have a good workout partner, they're going to work that through you. You can watch many of my videos for in the last 20 years and we've done these flex sets, but we've also done those four straps at the very end. And again, it's been a minute since I did them with Andre, but it's something that you should definitely put into your programs. So, all right. Up. Now squeeze, chest all the weight up or up or pecs. Squeeze that. Or up in your bats better. Squeeze that. Five second hold. Five, four, three, three seconds. Two seconds. There you go right there, right there, right there. One more, one more, one more. Good job. That's it. Yeah. Good set. Yeah. I'm shitting me. I'm almost ready for some of this. I'm just going to catch his breath right now. Stay hydrated again. Do by heat. It doesn't matter what month it is here. It's still dry. It's hot right now. Usually in the summer, believe it or not, it's actually hot and humid here. But right now, you're just constantly not able to drink because when you're at the booth, you can't take bathroom breaks every 30 minutes like you could when you're at home. So now you got to reel to make up for that last time by adding in much, much more fluids. So he's doing that right now as we speak, electrolytes, making sure that you're getting all of the different amino acids to help you with recovery. Now we're going to take a few like about two minutes rest before we go into a shoulder press. We're going to go into a machine shoulder press and we're going to be able to really, really blast some heavier weights and we're going to do about two working sets. It's a good time getting back together with Andre. Again, as many you know, I don't have a lot of clients all through the 30 years plus that I've been coaching people. It's been something where we built such a bond and relationship way above and beyond competing. That's one of the reasons why we are still so close because whether it's about family, whether it's business, whether it's friendships, whether it's just basically shooting the shit. It's one of those things that we were able to do. Andre was like my little brother and it was always really, really good to be able to have somebody who not just appreciates you but also has always been respectful towards your craft and your time. And that's one of the reasons why I really love being able to spend as much time as I can whenever I do have time to be able to see him at these events because it's such a good vibe. It's just always positive vibes. Like I like why it's enough to be grateful to have me to be able to be one of the lucky guys to be able to be trained by you. But not only do I have this kind of connection because even though we don't work together enough we always keep in the one thought we always get whenever we together in the same conscious things we always get together. Yeah, that's a big drink. It's always a good time. Let's go. Okay. Feet flat. There you go right there. Pressure. Good. Elbow is forward a little bit right there. There you go. A little deeper down. A little deeper down. Good. Okay. A little deeper. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Down, down, down. Perfect. Good. Good. Good. Good. Two more. Good. Good job. Nice and slow. Perfect. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So again. So what are we trying to do here? What we're doing is we're going full range of motion without losing your the tension. So if you go all the way down and you relax the muscle, that's when you've gone too far. You want to be able to go right before. So just get that range of motion so that you go right above the stopping point and then all the way up. 10 to 15 reps for the first set, second set, a little less. And then when you start going into your third set, which should be your first working set, right about there, then we can be able to go down into that eight to ten reps range. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Notice how he's pushing off of his legs, keeping the core tight. All the way down. He's dropping his elbows before you right beneath the wrists, which is perfect. You don't want to drive too far forward or too far back. You want to be below the wrist and you're driving right up with full power. Good. One more. Good job. That's it. Now we're going to go ahead and rest and then we're going to go into that really good working set. What do you think you want to try to do a dime on top of this? Another ten? Yeah. Okay. Time to work. You ready? Okay. Push with the legs, core tight and drive. There you go. Good. Good. Two. Come on Andre. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Come on. One. One. Six. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Don't stop. Good. Good. Good. Drive it. Good. Good. Good. Two. Two. Two. Two. One more. One more. One more. One more. OK. Make our slow. Slow. Slow. Good. Good job. Now what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and rest 90 seconds, a minute and a half, two minutes, then get the second working set. But on that set what we're going to do is we're going to go into one of our previous grips that we used to use all the time, which is the neutral grip. So that way we can work a slightly different portion of that shoulder. Really important to change up the grips whenever you're doing some kind of press, whether it's inclined, presses on dumbbells, using up a change up of grip will change a lot of where you feel that tension in the muscle. So again we're going to wait about 90 seconds through it two minutes, then we're going to do the final working set using the different grip. There you go. Control. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep that. There you go. Keep the tempo. Good. Keep it going. Keep it going. Go. Good. Now we're going one more, one more. Up, up, up higher. Now slow. Now I'm going to help him with a positive. Up. Now we need to slow. We got one more just like that. Come on. Right there. Slow. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. There you go. Good. Good. Good job. There you go. All right. Let me see your most muscular right there. That's it. Squeeze. Good. Now hold that. You got seven seconds on that one. Squeeze. Chin up. Chin up. Chin up. Squeeze. Upper chest. Super pumped. He's got his deltoys that are popping. Loss of good fibers. Loss of good separation. You can see the delt all the way into the upper pack. I'll hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Three seconds. Two. Good. There you go. So guys, again, I go over all of these techniques on my app. I've been updating my app every week on the FST7 app. So if you want access to my workouts, go to honeyrambaud.com, check it out. Been doing updates all the time and who knows? I might get him to be able to come in and do a couple workouts on me. I'll throw some of that exclusive content up there when he comes out to Dallas. Next year. I'll be right there. So I'll be right there. Yeah. Where's Lixation? That one is going to be Lixion. What do you guys? You're hearty, right? There you go. Exalted. That's it. That's the proof. Yeah. It's on the camera guys. That's it. Otherwise, I'm going to take his IFBB profile. And I'll give it to one of you viewers. When are you subscribers? Make sure you like and subscribe. And don't forget to share. A lot of people think that this is just a workout is going to create the Andre workout. You've got to have good genetics to start with. But it's also what you do with your genetics. It's really important that you focus on being able to utilize your genetics to its full capability. And what that means is that you really focus on number one being consistent. Number two, using the right bio mechanics. Number three, the right nutrition. And number four, the right amount of rest. So you can grow. Just remember when do you grow not in the gym, but outside of the gym. So when you put all those things together and you maximize your genetics, you end up looking like that. Well, it's because of your, no, no, I just hope I helped you. But mom and dad first, second, you wanting to be able to proof yourself and others, what you're capable of. You know, because that's the coachability aspect that you've got to have. Being in the gym, you can have the good genetics by if you don't have somebody to teach you. Sure. You got to have a good mindset. You need things. Right. Then you just waste a bit of your needs. That's true. I do. Yeah. There you go. Looking sick, bro. Looking sick. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Drive it up. And then control it on the way down. Excellent. Good. Then to raise a little more. Bend over a little. Right there. And then now drive it up. Good. Perfect. That's what we're trying to focus on right there. So again, by being able to just lean forward a little bit, we're going to be able to really see the human anatomy chart that he's creating right now. Being two weeks out. Squeeze. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Two more. Two more. One more. A little higher. Come on, Andre. Up there. That's better slow. Slow. Last one. Last one. Up. Slow. Control. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's it. That's it. Right there. Good. Do you have front relaxed? Okay. No. Do you have fucking bodybuilding? But that's it. That's it. Well, that's it. Boom. That's it. Now let's see it front total by set. No, no, no. I want you to do the way I shot you. Shoulders out. Squeeze your chest. Together hands crossed. And then now go into that slow into that front total by set. Good. Now twist that by set and show me your peaks. Give me those Arnold peaks that you have. Perfect. Hold that. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Oh, that's better. Good. I think we should try classic. That's it man. Lastic. Yeah. Yes. Classic. No. Coca-Cola classic. Coca-Cola classic. So for all you lovely ladies out there that are well. We're asking whether or not he's going to be able to wash his own head. He will not. So you can volunteer. We'll go ahead and go to the phone number below. 100 get Andre. Wait. 100 get Andre. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Focus. Good. Good. Good. Good. Got. Right there. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on here. Good. You can see all that diesel right now. Good. Oh, good. Focus. Focus. Look at that. Drive. Oh. We use good job. Go Andre. Good. Good. Little higher. You got this. Good. That's it. 33. One. Oh. Okay. We're going to go old school now. Okay. Fire parcels from the bottom. Half way to the top to my hand. Let's go. Come on. Five. Five. Go. Four. Higher. Three. Two. Two. One more. Up slow. That's it. Good job. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Right in the mirror. Side chest. Good. There you go. Set up those legs. Good. Okay. Good. Right there. Squeeze that. Twist. Right there. Good. Back. Twist that shoulders. Good. Twist your shoulders. More. Pull that. Hold that. Hold that. Hold that. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Relax. Good. Catch a breath. Now we're in the other side. Good. Come on. You got this. Come on. Come on. Let's go brother. Let's go. You got this. Come on. Good. There you go. Good. Right there. Right there. Hold that. Hold it. Delt. To pack. To tell. Hold that. Five. Four. Three. Two. Good job. Good job. Good. All right guys. So we're doing rear delts here. Now we're going to do is we're focusing on that rear delt by keeping the pinkies up. Now you have a palm down position and then a pinky up position. The main difference between the two is that the pinky up position tends to feel much more isolating when it comes to being able to focus really on that rear delt. They both hit rear delt. You tend to go heavier. Be able to go heavier with the palm spacing downward. I recommend doing both. But specifically for Andre, where we're going to do right now is focus specifically on that red delts. So I'm going to pinky up for all the sets today. Good. And you definitely can't go as heavy with pinkies up. Three. Good. And he knows he's not swinging and he's not just letting go of the tension. He's keeping tension on the eccentric. As well as really concentrating on concentric motion, which is on the way up. Good job. Can you get your ass? Can you get your ass? We're going to do our final set here. Again, we're just going to really polish off these rear delts focusing on that rear delt with a pinky up position. Keeping it at 8 kilograms, so it's just over 16 pounds. You don't need a lot of weight. Just need to be able to really focus on that mind muscle connection and keep that eccentric on that way down by not swinging. Good. Good. So right in here. Good. Keep going. Come on Andre. Good. Now, I'm going to do some extra reps. Right when he ends up going to failure, we're going to end up doing three extra harshles at the very bottom. Go. Go. Good. Now we're going to start our partial scope. Half way up. One. A little higher. Two. Three. Two more. Two more. Come on. Just like old times. Two. Two. One more. One more. Good job. One more. One more equals five. That's it. Colin, thank you. Yes. Yes. We're doing, uh, we're doing Durham to E.S. dollar conversion rate. Three point six. That's it. Let's get one last set of flexing right there. Let's see it. Let's see a front last spread. This is one of my favorites on Andre that he never does. He only seems to do this one with me. So it's okay. I'm sure. Yeah. Okay. We're going to go right in there. Archer back. Archer back. And then we're going to pull out shoulders up. Shoulders up. Shoulders up. Boom. Right there. Hold that. Hold that. Hold that. Hold that. Now squeeze the chest now. Squeeze the chest. There you go. Good. You're seeing the lot. You're seeing the delts. You got the arm pop where you have bicep tricep. You have the breakie allus. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Four seconds. Good job. Woo! That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Well, work out courtesy. We've also got Toby in the house owner of the locker right over there. Toby. Thank you, brother. We appreciate it. You're giving us an amazing gym. If you guys are in Dubai. Make sure you stop by. Get a day pass. It's absolutely worth it. Great vibe. You don't have the riff raft. You don't have as many people out there with all the tri-pods getting knocked over and all the other bullshit. Again, I'm allergic to that shit. But he did a great job building up this gym. What year did you open up the gym, Toby? Five months ago. It's not even been a year. I'm over here real quick. I want you to say hi to everybody. Toby's the owner of the locker. Thank you so much, brother, for allowing us to do. I'm not sure to have you go through here. No. We opened just five months ago. The lighting looks phenomenal. You did every light by yourself. Yes, no. You did absolutely phenomenal job on it. Also, like I said, just not too busy. Some of the gyms have gotten way out of character because things look like a damn big as nightclub. I love the fact that you can focus on the physique, focus on your training and not focus on the lighting and feeling like you're going to go into a seizure because you have going on in the background. So again, great job on the gym, brother. Yes, yeah. I can buy it. Stop buying it, see you on the gym.

=== FILE: GROWING BOULDER SHOULDERS FT. RUFF DIESEL [IdZLVzA3H-Y].txt ===

I'm supposed to be all you two. Come on. Come on. I got eyes on you. Let's go. See? Oh, now I'm gonna help you. Huh? Drive it up. Drop it up. Drive it up. Oh, my God. I'm gonna get it to the three more with me. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. One, one, two, one. Two, one. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. What's up, guys? What's up, guys? I'm here with none other than Mr. Ruff Diesel himself. I'm sorry. God am out here in Dallas to be able to train. We've been talking about this for the last year. Yes, sorry. Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm excited. I've always seen this guy for years. I mean, when I started in like two down 14 or 13, I had been seeing you. And this is like a drink. I'm true. So, you know, I'm excited to see what the FST 7 is out about. Yeah, man. So we're going to get to put him through an FST 7 workout. We're going to do primarily shoulders. These shoulders and arms. We're going to get to do a little bit of both, which is amazing. And I know he wants to try out some of the chest equipment to panata. So we're going to have some really good fun. But, you know, and again, if you haven't seen the podcast, we just did a podcast right before this. So it's going to be awesome. We're going to throw in some loud raises here to warm up and then work our way to process. Sorry. Sorry. Good. Good. There we go. Good. Good. Good. You should bring the jewelry. Good. I want to stand top of the breathing. Good. Good. Good. Now what you're going to do is we go up. Go down a little slower. Okay. We'll do it some more. Yeah. Yep. Now we're going to do two just like that. Two more. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Go up up front front front front front. There you go. Good. Good. That's it. All right. Go in, rack that. Next step we're going to do is we're going to do some rear delts. We're going to do some rear delts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You like that on? The pumps already coming. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Two is we'll take the 18. You're just going to bend over our shabak slightly. Then we're going to do a lateral raise here. Okay. So again, just try to keep your palms facing downwards. I'm this side. Okay. So I'm going to worry about the negative. Go on the eccentric. Make sure you control it. A lot of people get it wrong by going in just dropping the weight. We don't want that. Okay. Okay. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Here we go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So we're going to do the same thing. But we're going to do the same way. But we're going to do it with pinkies. And it's going to isolate a little bit more of that rudder. Okay. Your pinkies up. And so you're going to be dumped together. And then out. And you're doing a great job bringing it back. Nice and slow. Okay. So just that's the key. Because again, the number one mistake people make on these rear del exercises is they just drop the weight. They end up just relaxing too much and not having the eccentric tension that's needed to be able to really activate that rear del. Two. Excellent. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Perfect. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You're going. Good. Good. Keep going. Two. One more. Good job. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You feel that? It's been short a little bit. There you go. Nice and wide. Like that. Last week's. There you go. That's good. Good. Hold that. Hold it. Good job. So what we're doing is we're going to really focus on the rear del because I feel like I need some rear del. You need some rear del. But what's going to do? The rear del is super important because as you go into the side to be able to really look at the process on that side pose, you need to have more depth. And that's where I feel like you're lacking a bit. Okay. When you start to really organize the workout, the prioritized rear del at the beginning, you're not tired. Like you would be like, it's like, it's like training paths. Yeah, we can. We should be doing them at the beginning workout. Not after you're doing quads and hamstrings, right? Because you're not going to do it or you're going to barely do it. So what you want to do is you want to prioritize the weaker muscle crew. And at the beginning of the workout. So that's why we're going to go into heavier weight and do the same exact exercise again. I'm going to troll it and really hit more rear. And then go into the stronger body parts. So we'll start off with the weaker first so we can get more benefit. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. There you go. Just to get that better isolation. You feeling that? Yeah. Control. There you go. That's it. Control. Yes. Come on. Good. Good. Oh, wow. Keep going. You got four. One. You got this. Two. Three. Good. No. That's for safe. That's for safe. Maybe three. Okay. Our Quebec. Just a go. One. Go. Two. Go. One more. One more. Good job. That's it. Cool. There you go. So again, what's so important about this is that as he stands from the side, we want that depth. You want that bowling ball look, but you want it to be complete. Not just the front, not just the side, but the back to roll into that turtle shell back. You guys all want. It looks like you just literally got a turtle shell that's been just bolted onto your back. So as you're starting to fill that out, you have to be able to make sure that on the side poses that your rear del keeps up with the front del so that you don't end up having that slope shoulder. Good. Good. Good. One more. One more. You got this. Good. Nice this long way down. Perfect. Oh. Good. Nice this long way down. Perfect. Nice one's motion and drive it. Boom. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Watch your tries to kick it into with your top. Boom. Keep going. Good. Come on, T. Good. Good. Come on, T. Good. Good. Come on, T. Let's go. Keep rolling. Good. Good. Good. This one more. Good job. Should we put down? How you feel up in the quarter-off? Yeah, yeah. You're going to keep it to eat 10 reps. I think it's enough. Yes. All right, yeah. All right. Be sure to think of how your shoulders are going to the con state. Think the front relaxed. Very good. You want to get that thickness in the belt. That's what this is going to bring out. Okay. All right. Let's go. Top. Top. There you go. There you go. Forget to breathe. Two. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Breathe. Don't forget to breathe. Good. Good. Good. Good. Drive. Easy. Go again. Go again. Good. Good. Good. Good. One more. Good job. Feed down. All right. So this is where now he's getting the rhythm of the machine. And now he's actually getting stronger. So what's important is that we're going to actually add a little bit of weight now. I think she had nothing too crazy. Maybe like a 10. And then throw that on there. Okay. You know, how do you feel? You want to go 10 or you want to go ahead and put it played. We didn't put a play. Okay. There you go. Okay. You got this. He's 10. Let's go. Boom. So you get a stronger with every set. Two. Good. Three. Good. Good. Go. Four. Good. Five. Good. How far there are six? Good. Seven. Eight. Nine. Okay. Now we're going to really work two more reps. Okay. Let's go. You got this. Good. Easy. Good. Good job. You got to have some weight on their brother. That was easy. I'm so, I'll give you a reference. When I've lived there with like Hunter and Nick and I'm Nick, I've done chest that with Nick and I'm pretty much on for her. He does a few more reps with same weight, same with, I don't know I could do more with with a lot of stuff than really. Yeah. Yeah. And then I want you to put your pounds. I don't think I need 100. I think I need 100. Yeah. He's like 280 right now. Yeah. I don't think I need 100. He's like 280 right now. Yeah. He's pretty really. Yeah. Yeah, man. Let's go. Oh. Oh. Drop it up. Good. Keep going. Good. Come on. Three. Good. Good. Oh. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. That's a strong one. Keep moving. Keep moving. You got it. Oh, you. Yeah. Come on. I got eyes on you. Let's go. See. Oh. Drop it up. Drop it up. Good. Oh. Slow. Slow. Nice and slow. Good job. Good. Oh. There you go. Good. Go on. There you go. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Doubting a little bit more. Good. I just want to go on this all the way down. down to right before you end up having the stack on top of another. You do not want to let it relax. Okay, so what we'll do is just go ahead and stop your set. We're going to rip it. Add away. And but don't don't cut yourself short. Make sure you come all the way down without the stack losing tension. Okay, and then from there, arch it back and just drive up. Again, and the key is not to go too high because you don't want to end up kicking in too much without trap. Okay, so I want to go just slightly above parallel ground. Okay. And then back and arched so that you don't end up throwing in too much of your traps. Okay, you do this. You can just start and it's almost like a, you know, like doing through more of your delt and then throwing it on the same as shrug. Okay, we want to try to really hammer those delts. And if you're more upright, you need that lateral head and that's going to give you even more width. Okay, up on stage. Okay, and it'll be like man, that one workout. Yeah, one first of whatever. You have your own FZC set workout before. That's it. Oh, good. Leave the elbows. Good. Down, down, down, down, down. Right there. Good. Keep the tension on there, but go as close. Low as possible. While keeping tension. There you go. Now you're working. Now you're working. Good. Now you're working. Go. Keep going. Now you're working. Good. Go. Good. Go. Yes. Two more. Two more. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, good. Good. You got one more. Good. You're chest up. Good. Slow, slow, good job. And then we got one more set. Breath for another set. We'll do it. One more set there. And focus on, we're going to focus on keeping your chest up. Keep your core tight. Same thing. Perfect height. You're doing it exactly great, great pace. And awesome tempo. Yeah. Great shot. Just remember to breathe in. Good. Good. Don't. Good. Let's go, Terps. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Go. Go. Good. I can guarantee you you can do three more. Go. One. Two. Three. I guarantee you can do three more with me all the way. Two. Good. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Now good. Slow. Good. And then we can go off the bottom. And you can five parcels go. Go. One. Two chest up. A little higher. Good. Four. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Last set. Make it work. Go. Higher. Higher. Higher. That's it. Woo. That's it. I love the count as good. Oh, yes. One more. Yes. That's what we call that. The Persian exchange rate. So US dollar exchange rate. It's a very, very skewed exchange rate. It's like one and close guys sometimes five. Sometimes it's skequel to ten. You know, whoa, that's it. That was good. That was really good. Good job. Good job. Just a little water. Stay hydrated. Get your water. I think I'll let you know. Over here. They put looks and you're skin and they look. It looks to me like you might end up having under hydration shoes. Like you're not hydrated. I'm not hydrated right now. Honestly. Yeah, I'll tell them like, I didn't, well, obviously I didn't drink. I want to travel. I don't like to drink you much. Yeah, they got pullover and they drive. Also, but just make sure you stay on top of your water. Okay. If you use really something else. I need it a lot. I sometimes do need to go. Yeah. How could you tell? That is kind of like, I can tell why it's kind of what about this? What about the skin? It just dirt. It's a texture. Yeah, texture. And I know that if I blow you out, I mean, like if you have your super hydrated, your skin's going to look thinner. And when you're flat, you're going to have this almost a thicker skin look. Okay. Okay. And I can get little bits and pieces of it where I can see it. It's certain areas. And I'm like, well, I know if you made it up having two or three more of those, you're going to have a whole different look. Okay. You're going to say and that's the best thing. Yeah. Well, that's why I'm saying it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got filtered water out there too. So we're going to refill that for it. Okay. We're going to get you some more water. Go grab the uh, sit us in that room. Yeah. So just right here. So and then um, so what we're going to do now is I'm going to let you drink the hydration for like down to like half of that. Yep. And then when you're done with that, then we're going to do one FST-7 set. Yeah. So that's why I want to get you to rest a little bit. But also hydrate. And you said you were cramping a little bit. And I said you look at the hydrated. And then you said, oh, yeah, I was camping earlier. And again, it's a good time to just hydrate it. Then as you get a little bit hydrating, then we're going to go ahead and hit a good set so you can get a pump because you are not hydrate properly because you've been taking non enough fluid or you're not enough. You don't have the electrical light balance or you're taking too many stems. Yeah. And then you end up even with this. Like I told you, I'm not used to even doing like that. Like 200 milligrams out off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when you start doing a lot of those things and I feel like get that rolling, we'll push it all into the shoulders and then we should get really super 3D and just forget to blow it out for the shoulders. I'm not F.S. He's having a sack. Yeah. So we're going to have some fun. All right guys, so we're going to do a reverse drop set on this one. So we're going to start off with probably about 22 pounds. How much do you normally go up to on your ladder raises? I can probably get up to 35. 35. Okay. So we're going to go go do 22 26 and then 31. Okay. And then as we go higher and weight, we're going to go down and reps. Okay. So we're 20 20 reps and we're going to go 15 reps and then we're going to do 10 reps back to back to back. Yeah. I'll do my best. How about I'm a little like a food. But I let's give you all right. 22 for 22. 22 is my two sort of better for for 20 reps. Yep. All right. I don't do my best. Okay. There you go. Let's go. A little slower only. There you go. Good. Good. 15 16 17 18 19 slow down slow. Good job. Okay. One two six. Ashcrut for second. Good. Now grab them and we're going to be doing 12 or 15. Okay. One two three four five six seven eight nine 10 two two two two 11 and 12 good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's your breath. All right. We're going to go from the 26 to the 31. Okay. Okay. Catch your breath. We're going to go down under eight maybe six to eight range. Okay. Let's go. All right. Go. Make sure you go wide. One two three four five six seven eight two more two more partial one one more Good job. Good. All right. Good. Right over here. Come on. Right there. Okay. Let's must you over this hit it. That's it. This squeeze. That's it. Good. That tight. There you go. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze three seconds two seconds one good job. Oh. That's it. And then just turn around and see the little striaches in there. Yeah. You see how much more striped you are and how tighter you are. And that's just that's room the great pump but it's also from hydrating. Right. So I said I can tell that you're dehydrating your skin looks so thick and how you can see the striations and I said see what you're going to look like after you drink this much fluid and bowl. Right. So again, something that you got to stay on top of. Make sure you stay on top of your hydration. Now either it's not wide you can long drive. You didn't stay on top of your water because you don't want to pull over it by mess. But at the same time, but just make sure you go into the gym and make sure you're hydrated and make sure you've got your intro fluids going to. I'm going to go. And like more chest up or just right there just in the back. Good. Don't swing the bottom. Good. Keep going. Put on it. Go go go. Go go good. Go this is it. Go ahead. Good see more. One. Oh, two. No. Good. Good. Okay. Get your breath. Get your breath. Get your breath. Get your breath. Get your breath. Sorry. You have a preference like on this way or this way. Oh, both. I like to do both. So here you do is on the one that you're doing right now. Your palms down. It's perfect. Give me the last one we're going to do. We're going to do a ring with thumbs up. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Two. Three. Three. Three. Two. Go. Two. Two. Six. Go. Go. Two. Two. Two. Two. Three. Two. Two. Go. Good. This is it. You see it? Okay. That's your breath. That's your breath. That's your breath. That's your breath. That's your breath. All right. So instead of going heavier on this one, I think you're going to end up doing like four by breath. Yeah. I'm going to give you the same weight again. Just get your breath. And then we give you the same weight again. But where do you see it? Thumbs up on this one. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Good. Three. There you go. Good. Three. Three. There you go. There you go. Go. Go. Good. Good. Four more. One. Good. Go. Go. Three. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's how you do it. Okay. Wow. Oh, good. That's good. That's good. Amazing. Amazing. Good. Good. Just a moment. Good. Good. Good. Good. Just a moment. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So hold it. What I want you to do is don't bring your forearm into the biceps. Okay. Open it up because what you do when you're narrowing yourself up when you start to really get your forearm Touching the bicep. It starts to make you look a little bit narrow. Okay. Open it up a little bit wider. Okay. So a little bit. There you go. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. Yeah. Yeah. If you just right there because when you start to go too far in, you start to end up losing lines. Okay. Right. So just open it up just a little bit. There you go. Hold it. Good job. You're so long. So up to the shoulders. Yeah. You're just like this. It's filled like I looked down. Yeah. He's like. Yeah. Now do a side chest right here. Let me just see what that shoulder looks like from the side right there. Good. Good job. Good job. Good. Good job. Good. Good job. Good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Super 3D now. Much, much, much forward. Yeah. Good job. You're going to have to remind him of the breeze. You're filming him. Good. There you go. How was shoulder? He's gone. Yeah. You feel it? I'm especially up in the open. Yeah. It's more so than it. Yeah. It's more and less a lot. You're just like, yeah. I mean, your chest looks like it's pumped up. Excuse me. Excuse me, chest. Oh. Yeah. Like this. Go in there. You go in there. She's not. There you go. Hold that. Hold that. Hold that. Good job. Much better. There you go. I'm full. I'm not asking where's getting. Good. Great. Keep moving. Keep moving away. There you go. You feel the five. My steps? Good. I think that's pretty challenging. You only do it. I could probably go at one. I would keep it. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to tell me how to do the on. Yep. So both together go. One. Control. Two. Good. Hold it. Now back down. Together. Go. Up. Hold it. Now just the left arm. Just the left arm. Go. One. Going. Two. Three. Now hold it. Now you go side. Go. Four. One. Two. Three. Now together. Go. One. Two. Three. You got two more. Now you got to working. One more. All the way up. Higher. Higher. With me now. Go. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. Right there. Now slow. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Slow. Good job. That's how you do it. Oh man. Oh. Always a good time. Good. Just. Just. Just. Just. Superning to risk a little bit twist on the way up. Okay. Just a little bit. That's much easier. Just enough. Okay. That's much easier. Just enough. Just get that to really far. Good. Good. Squeeze it. Good. Good. Keep contraction time. Good. Good. Come on. Keep going. Yep. Keep moving. Keep moving. Go. Go. Go. Go. Okay. One more. One more. Good. Now right here. I go slow. One more. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Oh. Good. Go! Go! Good, go! Go! Try to try to try to try to try it. I'm gonna help you. Now nice and slow away. Hold it, hold it, hold it, slow. Oh, nice. Good. I'm just going to the right. Just right, go. Go. Ah! Go! Go! Go! Come on, come on. Come on. Hold it right there. Hold it. Oh, slow. Good, check. Go! Go! Go! That's it. That's it. Good. Go! Go! Go! Good. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Focus! Focus! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Good job. Come on. Come on. Come on, speed it up. Square pishovers. You're going to get your shoulders. Square pishovers. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Do. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Help you. This is your weaker side. You're going to blow. That's it. Come on. One more. One more. Good. When we're getting a bit of a... I'm going to help you right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good job. Ooh. How do you know that's my week of sex? I didn't tell. There you go. Oh, yep. Yeah. It's still getting a strength back over there. Yep. Yeah, but you got a nice and nice and full. Put it in the squeeze out. Do the most of my studio choice. Watch out, Ralph. Let me see. I can put a little bit of some. I'm going to put it right there. Good. Good. This is 14 weeks out. Yeah. 15. Good. Good. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good job. Good job. Ugh. It's a good job. Let's put it out. Good. Good. Good. Good. Hold that. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Four seconds. Three. Two. One. Good job. There. There. Good. There. And there. There. Hold it. That's it. Hold it. All right. So we just got done doing shoulders and biceps. How was it? It's amazing. Completely different than what I expected. That's why you want to do that. You are the best. Yeah. The pump was covered in that. guys yeah so the pump was crazy I got some little heavy wigs some things I didn't have to go with heavy which probably helped out my joints quite a bit you know even with the elbow stuff I've been dealing with didn't feel any of that with the hem across the knee and the other nice I think that again didn't go crazy properly warmed up also noticed he was dehydrated so give some hydration powder make sure you can hammer that but notably he ended up driving four hours didn't want to pull over every two minutes but at the same time it's so important that it doesn't matter how much you know metric oxide precursors you take if you're not hydrated it's you're not gonna get a pump or you're not gonna get the full potential of which you could in terms of muscle fullness so super important and also what was really cool is the fact that we got to do some posing yeah and your 14 15 weeks out right now yeah and from the Pittsburgh Pro looks great for worries that obviously he's gonna come down in another almost 20 pounds yeah right so 20 more pounds so we've got to definitely have you back so you can be able to come over and see some you know progress yeah in shape next time yeah yeah so we can get a little bit more out of the bowing to yeah yeah but tweets a little bit opposing cases some things to work on but now man I appreciate you of course of course yeah yeah thanks for coming by those are great time honey randomized rough dec ked

=== FILE: HE GOT BURIED!!!  INSANE Leg Day w Julian Fitzgerald [wsTECny9xAA].txt ===

I'm going to throw a Wizzichash guy. Uh, hi, why'd you do this, me, man? Alright guys, I'm here with Julian Fitzgerald, our new, you've been an athlete. We're getting ready for our second workout, ever. We are ready to bid shoulders. Yeah. And again, when we were in the gym together, uh, that video's gone off, because everyone's talking about all the different things you mentioned. But before we get into that, and before we get into this workout, I do want to mention the floods of 4th July, weekend here in Texas. In South Texas, uh, entire kids' camps got wiped out. The floods and the rain came in the middle of the night. And what we've decided to do is, Evegen is, be able to take all the proceeds for the shirt that we launched that weekend. We're going to continue to keep pushing this. Everything that we are going to sell regarding this shirt is going to, all the proceeds are going to go to the victims. So we're going to be working with the county and be able to put together a, uh, there's a victim fund, and we're going to be able to give all the proceeds. So if you go on the Evegen website, and you purchase one of the new, uh, Evegen USA shirts, all the proceeds are going to go to them. So again, really appreciate any support on that end. It was devastating disaster. And, um, I cannot even imagine losing my child, losing parents, losing, you know, just these kids, there were so many kids. So if there's anything you can do or you'd like to do, then this is what we're going to do. Even though we're about five hours away from where the tragedy happened, we want to be able to do whatever we can with the team Evegen to be able to help out. So again, guys, all proceeds, while the shirt lasts on the site, all the proceeds are going to go towards the victims. So, um, appreciate you guys all for all the support and all the outpouring, the text messages because they didn't know how close we were to those floods, for all the friends and family that hit me up and hit up all of our loved ones. So again, we're praying for everyone out there. Um, that's all we can really do at this point. Um, besides this, we are trying to do whatever we can to be able to help out. So again, any health on your end would be tremendously appreciated. So going into that, we do want to get our lake workout in and, um, how is after the shoulder workout? It felt a little fuller. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, yeah. So again, working out here, um, 19 year old phenom got kid that's got amazing genetics. Um, he's going to school full time, uh, in the University of what? Uh, I go to the University of Hampton. Okay. So, yeah, it's HBC and Virginia. Okay, in Virginia, getting his degree in business? Yes. That's also something. He's going to about to be a come a sophomore. So that's also very, uh, admirable. So he's sticking to body building, but keeping in the education front. And, um, the big muscle group that he really wants to work is his legs because that was another body part that we really wanted to bring up. So he's build up a shoulder. So we got that shoulder workout in. So if you haven't seen it, go check it out. Um, and the second one that we talked about is really bringing up his legs because he's about five foot almost five 11. Yeah. Yeah. So about five 11, about 200 pounds. And again, has never competed before. I want to compete has crazy, crazy goals. And some people are taking back by these goals. And again, I don't mind it. I remember when Phil Heath used to talk about, like, him wanting to win 10 Olympic titles. Right? Now, when you say that sometimes, like in the beginning of your journey versus after you turn pro, again, some people are going to just be offended by it. But at the end of the day, you do want to put these things in the universe. But he also does know that it's going to be hard, right? Yeah, of course. Yeah, it's going to be hard. Yeah. It's going to be difficult. I got lots of work on this a lot of mountains of climb. Do you have any problems? First show at some point. Yeah. Then you got to turn around and be able to then that first show has to qualify you to become somebody who can compete nationally. Then you go over there and try to be able to do that. If that's the next step. Sometimes you do junior nationals. A lot of Phil Heath and there's some other, so that did junior nationals before they went to a pro qualifier. Then you go to either the USA, the team universe, or the nationals, that are several different pro qualifiers, then after you qualify as a pro, then you have to turn around and be able to qualify and win a pro show to be able to qualify for the Mr. Olympia competition. So there's a lost step to this journey. But we want to do whatever we can to be able to get you involved and show you the journey and be able to the trials, the tribulations, the ups and downs. We want to be able to share that with you. So I'm very, very excited to be able to do that. Again, last the times. You guys see the end stages of trying to keep a Mr. Olympia title, or you're right on the cusp to become Mr. Olympia with a lot of the athletes that I've worked with in the last several years. But it's been a while since we showed it from the very, very beginning. So we're going to be able to do that and reset it. So again, hope you guys enjoy this. Let us know in the comments below what else you'd like to see as part of the series. Because we're listening to you. I'm going on to the comments. We got Julian going into the comments too. And he's reading them. So it's a little bit of a movie. Motivation too, right? Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. So again, now we're going to go ahead and blast legs. So again, thank you for all your support. God bless. Let's get this work out going. All right, guys. So one of the things that I don't show much of, because it's always considered known, we're going to do today, is actually talk about the warm up. So getting Julian on the bike and white bike versus treadmill versus basically a sit down recumbend bike. Well, because I like using a setup bike because you put a bit more tension on the quads and hamstrings. And so therefore warming up. But if you want to be able to do one of the other ones, by all means, you can do either of the cardio pieces as your warm up normally. It's about five. Sometimes some guys like to do like eight to 10 minutes. I like to do a minimum of five minute warm up just to get some blood rolling in there. And again, this is something to get your body kind of, just be able to get the blood circulating. But it also helps kind of prime the pump on your quads and hamstrings or calves, just to be able to make sure to get a little bit of that tension while you're doing the warm up. So again, do not forget your warm up, a little bit of light cardio before you start hitting quads, hamstrings is a really good idea. So do not forget that. Some of you get those legs to grow. I'm excited for it, man. It's always been some of that kind of, well, not really loud. That was the number one requested video. Yeah, because he knows, he knows my weak voice. He's trying to call me, yeah, it's okay, though. Yung, call me out, because it's like, right? Is it that you just train upper body more than life? No, I have a background in football. So, all right, like, with that being said, the train is for strength. So it's like, we're not doing aesthetic workouts, we're doing for strength. So like, low reps, high weight. Yeah, so the way I train my upper body was, because remember the main reason I started was because I pulled my hip flexor. So I couldn't walk, I couldn't run. So I was doing pushups. So that's why I'm not being in a train aesthetically. But how my legs are still, huh? How long goes that? That was a while ago. First started, like around 14-ish. Okay. So that's when I started training for upper body and getting aesthetic and stuff like that. But then, because I didn't have a trainer, I still train my legs the same way. So as you can probably see, like my legs are pretty strong, this is just don't look as strong as they actually are. You know, it's big, because you're not hitting the fibers. So again, just in summary, bodybuilding versus football, in football, they're not doing 10, 12, 15 reps plus. They're doing three reps, five reps, trying to get strong with squat. So they can turn around and be able to either, you know, what position you play? The other. Okay. It's going to be some big dudes. So I've had it. I have the base, you know? Yeah. So defense event. So that's a position where you're dealing with some big, big guys. And you've got to be able to have a lot of power in your hips. So that's why they got you under that squat bar. But again, to be able to get bigger, you don't necessarily need to be that strong and say, I'm going to do a single or a double for X number of pounds, which you need to be able to do is do time under tension and get that volume. And then the key is to be able to do that with heavier weights to get the ultimate goal, which is big, powerful legs. So now, not forget to hit your pre-workout. Today, we decided to do non-stim. You want to do on something? Tell me why you didn't want to do caffeine today. Which is totally perfectly fine, because I prefer non-caffinated or low-caffinated pre-workout. So again, if you do too much caffeine or any stimulant, you can end up having a muscle constriction. So I'm a huge believer in lower or running non-stim. But tell me why you decided to do that today. So I have ADHD. So caffeine kind of hits me kind of weird sometimes. I don't have to explain it sometimes. Did you keep your heart going now? Yeah, he's been a little bit, but it also makes me tired. And I crash like 10 times harder than most of the people. And in addition to that, I like to fill the pain. So when I'm working out, I want to be able to know that I'm giving him something not so on the comments. The last video was like, oh, he gave up. He had two or two more reps. And for me, that's one of the biggest criticism that I can get because I'm like, oh, yeah, y'all, right? I'm not giving him my, oh, I need a strength in my mental fortitude. You know what I mean? So I'm working on doing that. So I always love when I have an opportunity to strengthen my mind, because that's what we're working out really does. I feel like a strength is a mind more than the body, really. So I don't do caffeine because I just like to be in the moment that I like to really know that I'm doing what I can do. Yeah, exactly. I mean, the key is to be able to utilize some of those comments. Again, some of them are going to be super negative because some people are just like to be negative. Other people are going to be constructive criticism. And you take that and you be able to run with it. And one of those things was those comments talking about that. So again, thank you guys because giving that motivation, seeing that saying, hey, look, you could push that extra couple of reps. You guys have all seen me coach many, many people throughout my career. And it's all about me trying to push them to the next level. So he's going to have to learn that mental fortitude and be able to instill it within him so he can be able to go above and beyond. So let's get this pre-work out in. So we can get 3D and be able to get those quads really full. So we're doing just over a half a lid of the EVPAQ. And we're going to go two scoops of the 3D for the maximum dose of the 6 grams. So sit really in the 3.2 grams of beta alanine. Then you still have them tropics in there, like the lines made, the DMAE. They're going to help with focus with out the stem. So you're going to feel much more focused, but you're not going to have your heart beating. And again, I've talked about this before. When it comes to doing lays, your heart rate tends to go at the highest amount of beats per minute during squats, leg press, any of those because it's your biggest body part. What you want to do is not be overstimmed also so that it allows your heart rate to get back faster. So you want to be able to bring that back down. And if you're super stimmed up, it's going to make it even more difficult to bring you to be able to catch your breath because your heart rate's going to be still elevated. So that's another reason why you've got to really limit your caffeine and take on some of these body parts. So all right, I'll let you do the honors. Shaky Shake. Thank you. Thank you. There you go, sir. Thank you. That's why you've got to be a sponsor. That's because you've got to buy this. That's because you're a bottle, man. That's it. That's why it's called Patriot Pot. I'm like, that just feels spray. All right, guys, here's your FST7 tip. Whether you're a beginner or a advanced. You want to make sure that you're taking your pre-workout. And it's okay, whether you want to drink half of it or the whole thing before you start. Everybody keeps asking me, do I have to finish the whole thing? No, you don't. You can take half and then sip on the other half during the first 10 minutes of your workout. I prefer to drink all of it to try to get the full effects of the nitric oxide and the focus before. Therefore, I get maximum amount of blood flow during, but there's nothing wrong with drinking half of it and then sipping the rest. But I would urge you to finish it in the first 10 minutes so that you can be able to utilize it during your entire workout. So do not forget your pre-workouts and there's no wrong way of doing it. Just make sure you do it. Oh, wait you fast. Okay, slow down. Take your time. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. So we're going to do some warm upsets here. First thing he did, which very, very, I'm sure it instinctual for him, is explode. Right? And what we want to do is we want time and attention whether it's on the concentric, which is on the way up or the eccentric. So what we want to do is we want to control that. So you do not want to be able to just throw the weight up and then just let it drop. You need to create that time on your tension by being able to really control the tempo. Okay. So you're looking at about one to two seconds on the way up and about two seconds on the way down. Right now during the warm ups, you can go a little faster, but ultimately that's what we're going to do during the working sets. We're going to be doing between 12 and 15 reps. And that's the first set. We're going to do another set. What we're going to do is we're only going to be resting about 45 seconds. So 30 to 45 seconds on our traditional FST 7 sets. So we're going to do 7 sets with 30 to 45 seconds of rest in between. And this is what's called an FST 7 preload. Many times you've seen the FST 7 set at the very end of a workout, where you turn around in whether you do curls or whether you're doing a press or a fly, being able to do it at the very end. So this is also priming the pump on a preload by being able to do it in the very first exercise. Because what we want to do is the weakest body part on him is his legs. Again, his taller takes a lot longer to fill those in. He's been doing workouts with a lot more weight, a lot less reps. Where we want to do is create continuous tension, time under tension, and we're going to do that by doing these FST 7. Good. Good. Don't forget to breathe. Don't hold your breath. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Good. Go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Breathe. And then those out through the mouth. Three more. One. Two. One more. Good job. Good. Good. So we're on the clock now. That was set two. We got five more to go. Two. Good. Good. Good. Good. Just go all there. There we go right there and then back in. Good. Little slow on the way down. Little slow on the way down. One thousand one. One thousand two. Good. Little slower. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. Again. It's a little bit more. One. Control. Two. Good. Now slow. Slow. One more. One more. Good. One more. Good. Good. Up. Up. You got this. Come on. Go. Good job. There you go. Learn how to get past that pain threshold. Right. So that's it. Now use to it. Yeah. You can get in as soon. Now this time we're going to do is we're going to point your toes like a ballerina. You can straight. You feel a little bit more in your upper claw. Okay. Let's go. Good. Two. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Now toes can go upward and ceiling. toes up to the straight one. Good. Come on. Come on. Come on. Go. Go. Past the burn. The strength is there. You just got to get past the burn. Two. Good. Again. Two more. Good. One more. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's called lactic acid buildup. Very natural, but I don't feel you're used to being able to go that far past the initial burn. Usually stop. Yeah. Low ribs. I love any ribs. Yeah. So because he's been trained to be able to do just low ribs, getting phenomenal genetics, phenomenal physique, but you're trying to get to that next level. You're going to have to learn how to master the burn. So again, I can tell by the fact that his body is not actually going to failure. His mind's going to failure before his body is. So that's why I knew he could do one more, one more, one more, one more. So when you're watching me, whether you're on the app or you're watching one of my YouTube videos, it's really dialed in to be able to get someone to push past that point of pain because your body is not giving up. Remind this. Two. Three. Four. Five. Super strong. Good. Good. We're going. Keep going. Okay, now. Okay. You're going to relax for a second. I'll tell you when you do it. Put your toes towards the ceiling. Okay? You're going to keep your foot like that. Okay. Go. Go. Again. Good. Again. Good. Again. Good. Rest for a second. Catch your breath. Good. You got two more. Go. Go. Good. Good. Good. Rest for a second. Catch your breath. Catch your breath. All right. Again. Go. Three more. Go. Go. Good. Good. Good. We got to go. Okay. This is a scene. So when you go into that ballad arena, style to his pointed, you tend to feel a little bit more of that upper quad versus when you point towards the ceiling. You tend to get the overall quad. So again, just to be able to mix things up a little bit more and get that body to be able to really upper legs to fire just a tiny bit more. You'll notice a difference. So try to at home. I guarantee you'll feel the difference. All right. So if you're looking to increase your intensity, like I did with Julian, what you want to do is be able to do their partials. If you have someone that can be able to help you, you can do those or you can do by yourself. What I just did, you can either do that with your workout partner or you can turn around and be able to do it yourself. You stop rest for it, rest pause for a second. Two maximum. Do another rep. Do one or two. Then rest again. So again, it's all about getting to that point of failure. Now on this one, I want you to see if I can give you a little more range of motion. Let's see if that gives you a little more range of motion on your heart on your head. Same way, right? You have the same way? Yeah. All right. Okay, last set. Let's go. Good. One. Good. Two. Good. Three. Good. Four. Good. Five. Good. Six. Good. Seven. Good. Nine. Go. Come on. Come on. Ten. Good. Can I rest for a second? Okay. You're going to give me two reps already? Yeah. Let's go. Show me. Show me. You're going to go one way down. Good. That's better. You're going to rest for a second. You're going to be two more. I need you to control it better on the way down. Go. Two. Go. One. Good. Again. Two. Good. Good. Good. You got another one just like that. You're going to give me another two count. Okay. Really control the negative. Go. Up. One. Two. Good. Now you're going to give me partial. You're going to only go halfway up. And I want you to give me three like that. Okay. That's it. Whoop. All right. Remember what I just did was those parcels at the very end. You don't need a coach or a workout partner to be able to add those in. So make sure you go to that point of failure to get maximum muscle growth, throw in those techniques and I guarantee you you're going to break your loose plateau. So second exercise. We're going to go into a hamstring curl. So on the hamstring curl we're going to use the Pinata lying hamstring curl. It's a great great exercise. We're going to go ahead. We're going to do four sets on that two warmups and two working sets. And then we're going to go into a compound movement. So let's go ahead and get rolling. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You want to go all the way down right to there. Good. You don't want it to touch. You want to be right before it touches. And then back up. Good. You go down a little lower. You can even look to your side. You can see how far it right there. Perfect. That's perfect. Good. Keeps constant tension on the muscle. Good. Again. Come on. Come on. You got to be a lot stronger than that. Do you do these? What? I'm using a stick to slide. You just sit at the car. I can tell. Alright guys. So make sure that you are not a mirror warrior. What's a mirror warrior? Somebody who trains all the body parts in the mirror. Hamstrings are important. You need them on the side poses and on the back poses. So his response when I said have you ever done these and he was normally do squats. Well squats. Great. They do a little bit of hamstring too. But they do not specifically isolate the hamstring muscles. So if you want to specifically isolate the hamstring muscles, lying lay curls or even seated lay curls are going to be fantastic. Then you have also straight lay deadlifts. So it's going to help tremendously as well. But you need to focus on those hamstrings because that's going to really help thicken up your side poses. And that's another reason why your legs look a bit thin because you don't have enough size in the back. This exercise is going to help that. Okay. So that's why you need to incorporate them immediately to good. Great. Very important portion of this exercise is lining up correctly. The joint point for we call the cam is going to be lining up with your knee. If you're too higher too low, you're not going to need to be far enough motion. Oh yeah. You're going to be living on the position. She's getting one of these dorms. Come on. Come on. Hold it. Hold it. I'm going to let go. You're going to go slow. Slow. Slow. Come on. Slow. Good. Good. Good. Good job. All right. Have you ever used it up machine before? Not off to. Not off and sometimes it might be interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Anybody ever seen National Geographic on the Baby Giraffe's born? The legs are like whoa. That's a love thing. Baby giraffe. There you go. The key is to always try to feel a bit of new sornus because especially because what you're trying to do is break plateau's and the way to do that is to create an enduceding list by giving a new exercise slightly new angle or whether you're using a different cadence or you're using a different technique to increase intensity to be able to constantly be able to shock the body and the growing. All right. Second exercise is complete. We had basic hamstring curls. Again, I consider it basic. He's barely doing them because he didn't have it in his college. But you need to figure out a place we're going to be able to talk. I think there's a couple of other gyms nearby. We can be able to get you some of these exercises done in those gyms. But when you don't have that, we're going to also create some different exercises so that he can take with him. So when he doesn't have the ability to be off campus and he still has to train where you're going to build some work around. Have you done straight leg to the list? No. Okay. Is that already us? Are they different? Very similar. Yeah. So what? I hate those actually. Yeah. And I don't like those at all. I feel weird. Like on my back and stuff. So we're going to do this. We're going to go into the next movement. But a lot to learn guys as you can notice, I mean, great, great genetics. I've been able to take this as far as he's taking it. Now to be able to take it to that next level, we're going to have to build a really good training base. So we got a lot of stuff to teach him. All right, guys. So we're here doing a Pinnado super squat machine. So again, he's used to doing some free weight squat. But right now, while we're using the Evigen Gym, we want to be able to utilize some of this great equipment. So this is one of my favorite pieces of lay equipment. I've posted myself doing this and a lot of other athletes doing this machine. And it really helps simulate a squat. And let's get you under the bar facing towards the gym. We're going to get 10 reps. Good. Two. Two. Good. Keep going. Four. Good. Keep going. Five control. Control. Good. Good. Good. Good. Great. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay, you got two more. Go down a little slower though. Slow, slow, slow, slow. Good. You got to go in a little slower than that on the way down. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. Good. Good one more like that. Good. Drive up. Good job. Lock it out. Good. Easy. Easy. All right. Four slower. Good. Good. Good. Good. One. Two. Three. Up. Good. Again. One. Two. Three. Good. Slow. Three seconds. One. Two. Three. Drive. Good. You got two more like that. Go. One. Two. Three. Good. One more. Good. One. Two. Three. Now halfway up. And you can go down. And go halfway up. And give me three like that. Go. One. One more. Come on. You got berries. Let's go. Strong. Good job. Good. There you go. So you have to remember, dude, you're much stronger than you think. Okay. So again, this is that mind versus body. He's definitely less stronger than he knows he is. He's giving up a little bit because he's definitely getting more fatigue. And he feels that burn. It's okay. He's going to have to learn how to get past that. Happening extensions. Hamstring curls are a whole different world because he's never done number four. He's done very few. Hamstring curls. You got Bell that really focus on that. Also doing the super squat machine. We're just using a basic shoulder width and being able to really get good range of motion. He's getting a good range of motion, especially being almost around 5-11. Which is great. But making sure that you're keeping constant tension in the legs, especially on the East Centric, he's so used to being explosive with football. Everything is about being explosive. And it was pushing when you were doing dumbbells with shoulders. Then he was also pushing when he was doing leg extension. But it's got to slow it down on the way up as well as on the way up. I did get very, yeah. I was able to push back though. Yeah. Okay. Good feeling when you're in the corner a little bit more. It's right there. Good. Go. Excellent. Up. Go. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Watch your feet. Good. Go. Drive. Good. Come on. Come on. Can you get buried? Three, three, three. Okay. That one. Start up. Go. Come on. Up. Good. Again. Drive. Drive. Come on. Good. Good. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. You want to do? You want to play bodybuilding? Let's go. Let's go. Go. Go. Let's go. Three more. Go. Up. Drive. Come on. One more. Pull out. Get two more. Let's go. Light now. Good. Up. Good. Again. Up. Good. One more. Okay. All the way through. You do not stop. Drive it up. You should go. Good job. Lock it out. You don't play bodybuilding. Let's hit. I don't just serve. Oh. I'll try to serve up and maybe you. Got a time. Pro card. I'll throw some extra onions on that. I don't want to go ahead and supersize those Mr. Olympias. Yeah. Yeah. Make it like four or five. No no. Let's go for six. Let's. See what I'm at. Six. Yeah. Well, Tom was like a failure. Ordering it up like he's going through a drive through. Shout out to Tom. It's nice. Easy. I mean, I expected to be with. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited for it though. I know. It's good man. Let's go. It's like a breather. We got like cows next. We're working. Cows next man. We still got another. We got a nose. Yeah. Oh, how about that? That's a face. You say this. Oh, okay. I might use the word. My ears feel weird. Yeah. I feel like faint. Like faint music in the background. It's a great music. Yeah. I can tell how loud it is. Those are the trumpets from the angels. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Those are the trumpets from the angels, bro. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You're going. Good. Go. Go. You ever do this before? Nope. No leg press ever? Go. Good. Good. Okay. One more. You've got this. Come on. Good. Good. Again. Come on. Okay. Right. That's the squeeze. Go ahead and unlock it. You want the good news or you want the bad news? Bad news. That was like the bad news is your week at this. Yes. The good news is it's because you never done it before. Okay. So what I just realized today was that you've never really done a lot of hamstring work. You've never done leg press work. Sounds like you've done maybe extensions before. And mostly you're doing maybe some kind of squat. Well, so you used to doing it. I do a tip of doctors. Okay. Well, I just started that when I got back from school because they didn't have that machine. Okay. So I've been doing a hip of a doctor. Is there a reason why you don't do a leg leg press? Is there a reason why you don't do leg press? Or is it squat, that was the same. Okay. No. How does it work for different angles? Yeah. It's going to work the muscle differently. So again, all of these pieces of equipment, whether it doesn't matter the brain, they're going to work slightly different portions of your leg. So you've got to look at your anatomy as forward, sideways, and back. So as you're doing things and your legs start to grow, like whether you're squatting, whether you're leg pressing, whether you're doing hacksquats, they're all going to hit some different angles of those legs to help grow. So now you know, like you've got a lot more size you've got to put on those legs, right? To be able to get them really full and really to be able to max that upper body of yours. So now that's one of the reasons why as people are going to go through and say, hey dude, this is not an easy task because you have to go through these really painful workouts to be able to go to that point, but it's just not a matter. It's just a matter of doing it every week, every week. There you go. You get used to it, but you're going to have to just be used to being able to deal with the pain. Yeah. Good. Control and up. Right there. Good. Perfect. Good. Again. Good. Right there. Right there. Back up. Right there. Good. 3. 4. 4. How many you do? That's 4. Go. 7. 5. You do 7? 10. Okay. Come on. Come on. Good. Control it. Control the only down. Drive. Good. Control it. If you're hip-stown. Drive. Good. You got four more. Let's go. One. Two. Three. Okay. Control. Good. Good. One more. You got one more. Come on. Good. Please. You do two more. You go off to your nose. Let's go. Up. One more. Good. Up. Good. Go ahead and relax. Oh. Yeah. I was tired just watching. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. All right. So. Didn't go crazy. Just going through. Learning process. We learned a lot of things today. We learned that you've got to be able to work as hamstrings. We've got to do different exercise besides just a base of squat. So leg press. Definitely hit him pretty hard. How did you feel? So great. I'm going to sleep when I got home. You get a lot of food. And I'm ready. Get out again. I have that opportunity to. So yeah, I'm thankful. It's good. And I know I need to work. So. So matter of getting back in here every day. We're going to work on any of what we're working on. But I need to work on. So yeah. You did a good job. Again. Also, we learned that your body's a lot of work. Your body's a lot stronger than what you thought. Right? You pushed yourself. Right? Because you would have stopped probably with half the reps. Right? Yeah. So right now, he was just talking about how you want to eat and pass out. And it's a, I don't know, like four o'clock in the afternoon. It's like 350 p.m. Here in Texas. So again, guys, this is going to be an incredible journey. You're not going to want to miss this. And I promise you, it's a huge learning curve. He doesn't know what he doesn't know yet because that's just what how it is. But he's willing to learn. He's very eager. Obviously, he's very genetically blessed. But at the same time, he's still got a long ways to go. So. Yeah. You think else you want to share with the fans out there? Uh. I just want to say, I'm glad that we did this video because you all able to see my week plans right now. You know what I'm saying with this new journey started from fresh. It's important that you all are able to see both the ups and the downs. And some glad that you're able to see me start off, especially how about we can points that we can see. I feel like I'm better throw up. So I know you can see growth. You know what I mean? You can see the process. I'm going to throw up. Where's the charge? You guys. Uh, hi. Why did you do this to me, man? Yeah. I'm sure. Oh, shit. I think I'll get actually. I just so about here. But I'll finish right here just in case. Maybe not. Um. Yeah, I'm glad they all able to see the ups and the downs and just follow the journey. Like I said in the year from now, you see how far I can go with just hard working dedication. Ah. Ah.

=== FILE: HE'S BACK  Hadi Choopan Demolishes an FST-7 Back Workout for the 2025 Olympia [USqnxpMEW-g].txt ===

We just got Hottie's Visa booked the first flight out. Got him in the air. Now, he should be arriving this morning. So everything is happening super super quickly. And we're headed to the airport. So hopefully, he makes it through with no issues. There's always chances for things to go sideways because of just the Visa that issues can always pop up at any time. So there'll be here once he's here. So those people that travel a lot, they'll know what I'm talking about. So we're just hoping he has a smooth flight and no other issues. He's already been into by-for a month longer than he was expecting to be there, waiting on this visa. Visa. For those of you that don't know, the process is extremely complicated and difficult to get a visa every year for Hottie because it all starts back from scratch. The other thing that you gotta remember is this year, there's been a lot of things going on in the Middle East that are basically creating a lot more adversity when it comes to being able to get the visa. Being there for over a month into by waiting to get his visa has been something that has been quite challenging and being able to train and being able to do all the things that he needs to do. While not knowing whether or not he's going to be able to come to America when he's already been here at like six, seven times. So it's been very, very difficult this year and obviously the political requirements have been really, really just tumultuous to say at least. But just we went through a tonne, so shout out to Nick Erby, the guy that is behind it all. He's been my right hand man for a very, very long time who's helped a tonne with everything that's related to Hottie. So again, thank you Nick, I'm going to do it without you bro, love you, and all of the support that we have. Because again, everybody wants to see all the athletes be able to compete, not just select ones, but just want to let you know that we're really pretty good today. Today we are three weeks out from the Olympia. We have not cut it this close. Ever except for right before COVID where he came the day before the show. But again, that was COVID here. So normally he's here a month ago. So we're going to go there. So we're going to go there. So we're going to go there. Two, one. We're going to go there. We just made it. They were circling around, they guess, for an hour and a half. They didn't land some kind of issue, but finally they got it. They landed. He got off the plane. That's why I have the delays. Now we're getting ready to be able to get him settled in. And schedule food, work outs, all of those things. Now that we're three weeks out today. Like I said, we've been bringing him in six or seven weeks out. So he should have got here a month ago. Now I'm relieved. And I'm excited to just relieve from now. We're going to go there. We're going to go there. We got it, this is how you for this. We come for this. We come to collect. We're going to run some aminoz as well just to help minimize muscle breakdown during the workout, especially after a long flight. But he did eat throughout the flight. Again, almost 18 hours, about 22, 23 hours in the airport from Dubai to Dallas. And straight to the gym. Good. Good. Good. Off. Okay. Great. Okay. Wow. I'm just doing it. Five. Keep going. Six. Seven. That's it. Good. Good. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Good. That's it. You're not. That's it. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. That's it. That's it. That book? Five. Sixth toucher. Two. One more. That's it. That's it. Three. Four. Five. Six. Five. Here's it. Three. Come on. Five. Five. Six. Two. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five... Two,inge up? I think I'm right. Five. Okay. Seven. Every second one. I have to... I have to... I have to... I have to... I know... I have to... ...but a quarter... I have to... ...and two... ...and three... ...and one... ...and six... ...and seven... ...don't... ...don't... ...and one more... ...off and... ...good job... ...two... ...three... ...four... ...five... ...six... ...seven... ...eight... ...nine... ...two... ...one... ...good job... ...that's it... ...one... ...good... ...two... ...good... ...three...good... ...four... ...five... ...six... ...seven... ...eight... ...good job... ...good job... ...you're kidding me... ...you're kidding me... ...how more about it... ...we'll do one more set with that... ...one more... ...one... ...good... ...two... ...good... ...three... ...let's go... ...four... ...five... ...five... ...seven... ...one more...one more... ...eight... ...good job... ...good job... ...good job... ...one more... ...five... ...one more... ...two... ...three... ...four... ...five... ...six... ...seven... ...eight... ...one more... ...one more... ...seven... ...three... ...two... ...four... ...not like good... ...then... ...I'm up... ...you're up... ...that's... ...okay... ...four... ...five... ...six... ...seven... ...eight... ...that's it... ...good... ...good... ...good... ...good... ...good... ...good... ...good... Alright guys, we finished up... ...the first workout of 2025... ...three weeks out today... ...from the 2025 Olympia... ...it's good to have hotty... ...stateside... ...it's been waiting for again... ...a month for the visa in Dubai... ...finally got that... ...got him on the plane... ...got him here to Dallas... ...and now it's all about just trying to focus... ...he just got done training back... ...and now he's going to do a little cardio... ...reset his body after that long flight from Dubai... ...hudts cool... ...took... ...oh my god... ...oh my god... ...you know what I'm gonna film up... ...hudts cool... ...I should have... ...love you all...

=== FILE: HEAVY BACK DAY W HUNTER LABRADA [BT-uJbH5Wd8].txt ===

All right guys, we are just two days away from the 2024 Texas Pro. But this man happened to decide to go out and have some pasta and Italy instead this year. So year about what three weeks have? Four in Sunday. Okay, four in a salary of a Sunday. And he's coming up to be able to be a part of the show, help support the show. And hit me up and said, hey, let's get together. I said, great. It'd be good. The last time we did that was it. I believe we did. Really after AFE, me and there. Yeah. Yeah, it was at year to last that I imagine. The LeBraude headquarters, which was awesome right in Houston. And this time now, the show is only what ten minutes away. Yeah, it's so much nicer. Ten minutes away. So take advantage of being able to get a workout together, also show them some cool pieces of equipment, and also talk maybe a little bit in between sets about what he's doing a little bit different getting ready for this show so he can be able to basically be qualified, right? Exactly. So headed out there to my goal application. But yeah, man, he's shut out to Heidi or honey. I won't talk to Heidi, honey. I won't talk too much, but last year I came out, they had just moved into this building. So did come back this year, just a year later, and see what honey is turned it into. It's pretty damn cool. I'm stoked for today. I haven't used a lot of putna to stuff before, and I know he loves it. So excited to get put in the dirt on it by him. It's going to be a good day. Let's get honey. Let's get honey. You got better pressure for the Houston here. It takes a little bit of an hour. We have a very good, good, pressure population in the young. Good stretch, good pool. Good stretch. Good stretch. Do you have a difference with my wrist? No, I do. Yeah, sure. But the nice thing about the nervous, so this is smooth. It's a very smooth thing. You don't have any of those dead spots. We're somewhere here. And I'm going to say the profiles really nice, and it's heavy, or it should be heavy, and it's like that too light. Or it should be light. Right. We're sometimes you'll be like, okay, I'm pulling in like it's real light. And then you're like, oh, I want you to go to the back. So it's a light. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good stretch. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You're going to do some poses in the very bottom. Good. There you go, okay? Just like that. Perfect. Just a 1,000, 1. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on, Hunter. Good. Keep your shoulders straight. Don't be. Your shoulders straight up. Now pull. Good. There you go. You do the difference. Yep. Go. Hold it. Good. Again. Stretch. Stretch. Good. Good. Square. It's going to don't lean. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Good. One more. No. Go. Come on. Drive down. Drive down. Right there. Good. One more. Good. Square up those shoulders. Good. Go. With me. With me. Now I'm going to help you. Right down. They're not holding that. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good job. Did it. Yeah. It's making sure. Yeah. So what you're doing is you're actually shorting your range of motion because you're going to get your shoulders so much. So what you want to do is you want to square up your shoulders so you can be able to get a really good stretch. Okay. So when you start doing this, you start to kind of create a little bit different by the final. Yeah. Flexion. You're going to hear. It's almost like doing it with your spine instead of your lap. And you're able to, everything's kind of kicking in this way. And then what you want to do is you don't go to the core and your motion with your foot through. It's allowed. It makes pretty good. That's all. Yeah. Just. Where's the shoulders? Good. Good job. You're on the positive and every effort is once you say so. Right. And now we'll just next. We'll just have to talk about the third quarter out there. You go. Good. Again. Come on. Good. Good. Good. You go to the shoulders nice and square. Oh. That's it. Pull. Pull. There. Good. Again. Pull. Pull. Good. There you go. Go. Go. Go. Right there. Hold on. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull back. Pull back. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Good. Good. Good. I got one more set. Good job. Good. Good. Good job. Good stretch. Good stretch. And pull. Yes. Good. Come on. Come on. Come on. Okay. Excellent. Good job keeping shoulders square. There you go. Good. Good. Cool. Cool. Yes. Good. Come on, make it happen. Cool. Cool. Made it happen. Oh, back. Stick with it. Arch. Good. Get fit. Wow. Exactly. Exactly. You're going to get a little smelly. I don't know. I know. I said, you like it. Now you can make it. Grab that smell of such a fucking shit. Get rid of that. Watch it. Can you? I can Pavlov's dog. I'm going to show the teeth now. It's a final push. You know. Come on, let's go. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Again. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Good. Good. I'm going to show the throat. Go. Go. Good. Good. And pool. Come on. Get there. And pool. Right there. Little bit. Right there. Hold that. Hold it. There you go. Slow. Slow. That's how you do it. That's how you do it. Good job. You know what I'm thinking about? How do you want that back to live on stage, right? All of that. Let's go. Good. Good. Cool. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. Not too bad. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Good. Just up. Orch. Back. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Good. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Good. Just up. Orch. Back. Cool. Cool. Pull that. Cool. Cool. Good. Stretch. Bring that elbow back. Bring that elbow back. Be back on stage. Come on. Come on. Cool. Pull. Right. Pull that. Slow. Slow. You're strong, man. You're real strong right now. One more. Come on. Let's go. Go. Pull. Right there. Right there. Slow down. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Three partial. Let's talk. Halfway out. One. Go. Two. Good. One more. Pull. Pull. Little lower. Good. That's all. That's all you. That's your breath. That's your breath. Take your time when you're doing your workout. Make sure you're not trying to do it within a certain time. Get your body at the same time. We're back home training the three of us on our unilateral stuff. We'll do like one side each. Good. Then go back and do the other one. Work like two in a between touch. Exactly. Super fresh. You're not trying to sit here and you're not trying to do a marathon. You don't want to go to the team. You want to go failure. And so you're not building an or a capacity. That's right. You want to build a muscles. Good. Come on. Come on. Time to work. I've worked with the McGee. Good. Square of the shoulders. Good stretch. Pull that out. Pull. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. 1000. 1000. 1000. 2. Good. Good job. That's awesome. Really good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Come on. This is how you work. This is it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Chess board. Dressed. Good. Good. stretch. Now, partial's. Go, one. Good hunter. Go, pull. Two, good hunter. Good. Ooh. Little lower, little lower, little lower. Good, two. Yep. Thank you, sir, man. I have another. Good. Thank you. That's the first texture, sir. It concludes the first warm-up set. Okay. If you're here in the candy store, go ahead and use a neutral grip. So, just like if you're doing a warm-up, don't they'll roll? Go into that. Stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch. And then you're going to pull. Go. Go. Beautiful. Beautiful. Go. Good. Excellent. Keep going, hunter. Good. There you go. Good. Stretch. Are we running this one? No. Not bad. Just sit and just sit and just want you to feel hard. I think you're not going to be able to get into a worky session. So, I have a little piece of tape, bring that maybe a little heavier. Has it given a great good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good. Stop so working. Come on, hunter. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Time to get it. Time to get it. Stop. Good. That's it. Really good contraction. Really good contraction. Great. Good. Pull was up and something down. Good. There you go. Good. Squeeze it. Excellent. Good. Stretch, stretch, round down. Pull. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on, hunter. That's a good. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You got two in you. Come on. Pull. Good. Slow, slow, control, control, stretch, stretch, and pull. Good. Good. Right there now. Stretch, go down. Stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, round down. Go, go. Go. Go again. Three. Two. Keep going. Go on. One more, one more. Now, just stretch. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. We're getting better range of motion in the last year. Yeah. That's it. That's also what's helping you back the moment. You're not going to say? Yeah. I spent since the Olympics year really tearing things down and going, taking everything through full full extreme ranges of motion, especially on my push day. Yeah. Like really spending some time in the stretch. Just made my shoulders. She'll so much healthier. Everything feels so much better this year. That's great. Yeah. It's just you don't realize. And my body's responding to it too. Why? You can see the difference. You can see the difference. Stretch it out. Stretch it out. Pull. Yes. Good. Again. Again. Jordan, you're lost stronger in this man. I can tell you all in this way. Good. You're literally limiting yourself. Bro, go. Go. I can tell. You got two more. Show me. Show me. Go. Everything you got. Oh, that's it. Good. Now you're working it every day. Pull. You got to the home. You pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Pull. Good. That's slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. And partial. Come on. Three partials. One. Two. Good. Bring those elbows back. Pull. Three stretch it. Stretch. Stay in stretch position. Good job. Good job. Cool. Good job. Good job. Good job. I said. Good. Good. Good. All right. So we're taking a little bit of weight off. This is one of those really good teaching points. For those of you that are working out with guys that are stronger than you, do not try to keep up with their weights if you're losing form because you're just going to be able to just move with momentum instead of actually putting that muscle through really good time under tension. So what he did stripped off a weight, put the ego at the door so that way he can grow. Proofs in the pudding. Rolls started training with me like six months ago when he first got in the gym with me. Try to use my weights for everything. He did it for like you know five or six with not the best form in the world. We finally made him check it and he went down to weight so he could do nine, ten, eleven, twelve reps with perfect perfect form. That was six months ago. Now he's stronger than he's ever been with that good form and growing quicker and he's ever been. So one of those take a step back to take through three steps forward kind of things. Try it. Good. Stretch, stretch more more more more more more more more more more more more more more. Cool. Good. Come on. Do you have a one? You have a one? You have one? You have one? You have another one. You got another one. Come on. Cool. Cool. That was back. Good. Now I'll give you a more. Are you pushing? Are you back if you can get a weight? Yes. Good. Really good. Good. One more. One more. One more. Cool. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. Stretch. Stretch it. Good job. Good job. Yeah. That's good. That's good. You're right. You're right. You're right. And it means you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. That's why you're one plate set of difficulty. You're right. There's so much fiber recruitment on all the other exercises. You need such a good job with it. You've got to go. Here you go. And to be honest, the other tip is that if you're working out with somebody who's much more advanced than you are, you don't have to go set by set. You can skip a set if they're doing two working sets and you do one because you're starting back up. Don't feel like you have to do exactly what they're doing. If there's a set, you know, if they're sitting there doing dead and you haven't done dead in a while, then you can go ahead and not consider yourself pushing out. What you're doing is just making sure that you're going to be able to get back in the gym and two or three days and do that body part again. But you know, or in four days and do that body part again. Otherwise, if you're so completely erect, you'll either get yourself hurt or you'll be out for so long, then you're not going to come back because you're now all of a sudden. So sore that's going to take you all week to recover. Not about what you do, it's about what you can recover from. Don't worry, I'm just going to help. Two, three, go. Go up. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down from the top. Go up. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Good. Good. Pull. Push. Good. Really good. Good contraction. Let's go, Hunter. Pull. That's it. Good. Stretch. And pull. Excellent. Excellent. Again. Again. Let's go. Come on. You got three. Three. Come on. Up. One. Come on, Hunter. Come on, Hunter. Come on. Go into. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Up. Up. Hold it. There's more. Come on. Go. Come on. Hold it. Slow down. Slow. Good. Good. Down. Wow. That explosion up. And then truly catching it at peak control. That happens. Well, that's the other thing. So what Hunter did was he was slowing things down. On the latter part of the rep and through the range of motion. So from here down on the stretch. So what we did had him do is we actually had him slow it down from the peak contraction. And then he felt it. Yeah. Instead of, you know, because you're going to be explosive out of the hole, not like dynamically explosive, but you want to recruit the whole muscle. So everything you got out of the hole. And then like Hunter said, first couple of reps. It was everything out of the hole. Then I kind of like catch it a third of the way through and then control it known. You saw the difference when exploded out of the hole. And you know, caught it within the first 10% of the negative and then wrote it all the way. It made a big difference for sure. So again, he wrote it. The eccentric portion much further through the entire range of motion. And that's what's going to make you be able to really grow and be able to break those potatoes. And pull good good contraction. Stretch and contract. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Good. Keep it moving. Keep it moving, brother. Good. Go. No. Good. Again. Good. Again. Again. Oh. Good. Stretch. Stretch. Cool. Come on Hunter. Good. Good. Good. Cool. And then slow on the way down. Cool. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Stretch. Stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good job. Good job. Good job. Excellent. There you go. I'm stuck. There you go. There you go. There you go. That hot quality A2O. Good. Good. High quality A2O. You could put this in a warm and lime gatorate and I wouldn't know the difference. This is really good. Good job, honey. Yeah. That's super refreshing. It really does taste like the gatorade. Really that is good. That is flavorful files. I'm not even an illusion. Yeah, totally unbiased review for me. Don't listen to Jordan or honey. Totally unbiased for me. Guys, we got this coming out August 16th. We have a new Eve generation. I've been working on this formula for the last eight months. Very happy with the way it turned out. We got some different aspects of the electrolyte and the actual sodium to potassium ratios as well as some other Metropic, but I added to the formula to be able to give you focus, give you hydration, but also give you clean crisp tastes. So again, look at four to hear and all the feedback as always. Make sure you go ahead and put it into the comments. You know, I've done so many versions of this I've done. Like you can ask, you can ask for like version after version because I wanted to taste a little of the sodium, where you can understand where it's at, and also there's you know hydration formulas that I got a grant. I like to go up, but I don't want to go backwards. So if I go a grant, and I tell you, you say, half of it because I don't want you to have to. So do you, we'll guess what, everything else just got half. Right? So that's why I didn't do that. So that way I go one and then if I want to be able to double up, I can take two and you have also extra material. But you're not getting half past that everything is right. That's right. And it's got citricoline in there. So the C to Coline is actually going to help you with nitropic with healthy cacophine. So that way you need my muscle connection or if you're just working throughout the day, you want to clear up your head. Now you have something that's going to be a neutral, a nitropic that doesn't have any stimulants. I think I'll say a couple of scoops for this and a gallon of protein go down. So yeah. I honestly was playing around with it so much that I put it up and mixing the flavors. And I put strawberry lemonade with the lemon lime. I'm like, oh, this is pretty good. I'm like, oh, this is pretty good. I'm going to put it on the lighter, put the protein mixture. It makes it pretty well. Yeah. Because I don't make mine syrup because most of our customers and athletes, they take multiple products. So I always try to make it less syrupy so that they don't end up having the acid in suggestion. You don't have acid reflux because I know that they're taking three or four different of our positive signal and all this citric acid in. So I cut that way back to try to make sure we're like, digger guys like me who need three or four scoops of the intre, a lot of companies in trizzly take that much. It's like the stomachache and a shake or a cup. Very good. But great attraction. See how deep is getting into that contraction? How is going to really really deep bring those elbows back to the hands of them? That's what you get to work on. Good. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good job. Again. Good. Do you do a little go? I don't go. Go. No. The more more more more. Right. Hold that. Hold that. Hold it. Now stretch. Go. It can be one more just like that. All the way down. You got the power. I see it. Let's go. Go. Go. Right there. Hold that. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. Stretch it out. Stretch it out. Stretch it out. Stretch it out. Partial. Go. Go. One. Deeper. Two. Good. Right there. Hold that. Right there. Hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Good job. Do. Yay. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Stretch. Good. Good. Good. Five seconds. Up the body. Come on. One. Three. One. Two. Right there. Four second. Two. One. Three. Two. Go. Go. Two. Two. One. Up. Stretch. Five seconds. One. Five. Four. Three. Two. Good job. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Oh yeah. Good. Put. Good. There you go. Pull. Good. Control. Stretch. Stretch. Pull. Good. Pull. Rage. Good job, Hunter. Come on, Hunter. Straight up. Come on. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Bring those elbows down. Again. Lower. Lower. Lower. Right there. Slow. Slow. Slow. One more. Just like that. Down. Right there. Slow. Slow. Okay. Now you're negative. Go all the way down. Right there. Hold that. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Up a little higher. A little higher. Right there. Hold it. Five. Four. Three. Two. Right there. Five. Four. Three. Two. Right there. Five. Six. Four. Three. Two. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Control. Good job. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. One. Good. Second. You start pulling a big chest. Come on. Interact the shoulder blades together. Yes. Good. Cool. Good. Good. Come on. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Stretch it. Stretch it. Help him all the way down. Go all the way down. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Five seconds. Let go. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. One. Stretch. Stretch. Partial. Let go down. Go. Go. One. Like that. Stretch. Good stretch. Stretch. And pull. Go. We're more like that. One more like that. Come on. Pull. That's it. Good job. That's how you do it. How many of you just have salad number two? It's really race all the games. Talk to you about that. Second half of my life. You're drunk. That's it. Okay. Now on this, go out a little bit more like an angel. Pull that. That's it. Go. Go. Now go. Good. Good. Now get four more like that. One. Two. Three. Good. Slow on the way down. Two more. But you got to slow that that he sent her. Well, there you go. Now you feel a different burn. It's only going to be like your weird delish. Tarrish. Good one more like that. Good. Good job. That's better. Yep. Yep. Yep. You feel a different. Yeah. Yeah. Chest up a little higher. So that's it. Good. Oh. Good. That's it. That's it. Good. Question. Question. Look. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job. Good job. Two. Good. Good. It's a good roll. Good. Good. Good. Go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Okay. Good. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Two or three. Two. Two. Two. Good. Good. Go. One. Good. Good. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Go. There you go. One. Oh. Later. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go, buddy. There you go. Come on. Yep. Good. And turn your palms facing each other. Now go. Go. One. Three. Two. One. Good job. Good job. Good job. I guess. Just got done the last thing back with none other than Mr. Lebrada himself. That's me. Well, I got to call you that shirt. Now you're healthy now. Thirty two. Well, because he was a baby coming up and been watching you train grow off and on the stage. So it's been really, really cool and being closer now with us being in Dallas and you being a Houston. And it's great. You know, we had the boys with us too. And they're getting ready for their shows. You got national's coming up and how many weeks now? Eighteen weeks. Okay. Eighteen weeks. Awesome. Awesome. And then you're next show. We're always going to have a big 2020. He's being patient in a good way. He knows he has a step on stage so he can do some damage. So Roy's in the growth mode. We Jordan's getting the I'm about to get shredded and try to get a pro card mode. And I don't know what my name is right now. Yeah. But it was a good time man. It's always a good time hanging out with Hunter and just being able to actually to shit. Now you're going to get a meal. We're going to do a podcast or what? Yeah. Yeah. Can we go? And now he's a two- McKiebee. And he's pushing a peep. Right way down. We're moving. Yeah. put it in a hole right off all of thisamas pretty nice a little bit stirring So, you have to go. Nice. And so, we have to borrow just separated from the building. Oh. OK. Yeah. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. Thanks. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. We have 30 checked language and i mean. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Perfect. Great. Excellent. Good. Great. Great job. You can see how much more density you have. Yeah. So, I think the quality of the disease doesn't matter. Thank you. Especially especially back and then you know. Okay. And then everything else. But I just wanted to learn it through here. That's the training of the end of the push-up. It's right. Appreciate it. I absolutely got it. It took really good.

=== FILE: HES BACK! HADI CHOOPAN 6 WEEKS OUT [u6FmnYrE8Hs].txt ===

Can you follow him?ck Good for mu'mo run Drive Drive Drive Bad Hai Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. What's your name? Washington. I'm a trucker. You have something to tell me. I got it. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. What is happening? All right. We just got Mr. Hardy Chopin in the house. Twenty twenty four Arnold Classic Champion. Come in and finally. Again, we definitely, it's always a stressful situation. But being this is the first time he's coming twice in one year, it's even more stressful. Because we had to jump through even more hoops for the visa situation this year. But we'll get down to the details on that. Just happy he's here. Twenty five out of this. This is after noon. You want to go or get some food, but it didn't go train. So again, the hotty mentality just no breaks. Just keep going. So we're so happy to have him here and let's do this. Welcome, hotty Chopin for the twenty twenty four. Sixty anniversary Olympia Prep. We are six weeks out today. To the day, literally, he would be getting on stage in a couple of hours from now. Six weeks and about three hours before you'd be on pre-judging stage. I just got in from Dubai very excited because it's always a challenge to getting him here. But now putting together the stack, putting all the pre-workout together, and seeing how he feels, trying to figure out exactly. I definitely don't think he's going to go straight into a leg day. Something up her body related, giving him a little time to get his pre-workout in. He likes to try to sip his pre-workout, get it kind of in, get it rolling. So it kind of kicks in before he trains. Some of you use like to sip it while training. He definitely likes to hit it and hit it hard. It's just good to scrape having him here. Again, nobody knew whether or not we're going to be able to bring him out here. Because again, every time it's difficult, but also bringing him twice in the same year with the Arnold Classic and now the Olympia. It was very, very difficult. But again, thanks for Nick Erby, who couldn't do it without you Nick, who would give the man, the whole TVC in team. Everybody that really just steps out when he comes to situations like this. And also shout out to, if you guys are watching out from Dubai, the consulate. Again, thank you guys so much for everything you guys do. So again, now it's time to do what we do. Let's go do it. We're going to do a couple sets warm up. See how he feels before we go into a machine. Good job. Got how he could have my kind of view. What is the point? As in 20 years, that is actually, that is the fact that you're gifted to dad. And he is out of looking at your relationship, I've also seen that coach of graduation. So guys, when I'm talking about this, we're just changing a little bit of just slightly changing the angle of his wrist so that we can be able to kind of go into more of a pronated like a barbell type movement. Because right now, he's like almost a slight 3.5. So what we want to do is kind of open up a little bit. Good. Let's go. Let's go. All right, we're doing the panata super vertical chest press. So basically, this is kind of their flat press. So there's a decline, there's a flat and there's an incline. We just got to do an incline dumbbell presses. So now we're going into that flat focusing on that. Come on. Come on. Yeah, we should get that, I don't know. Okay, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to. So I don't mean slow, so trying to go slower on the eccentric on the last couple of reps, just to be able to get a more time under tension. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Go. That's why he went from a quarter to a plate. I was going to put a 10 on there, but he's like, oh, no, this is going to be easy. He doesn't understand what this panata flying machine. It goes up exponentially when you have that weight on there. Okay, let's go. Oh, just one. Some join him alone? Except for him. Teleatrox. iinrsg While I was real out, itz was just too hot to warm the kidily and there was a Hot Syring accessed the floor into the tub still themed like the other children still had this Ramadan game Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think one of the types of electrolyte formulas that they give to patients back in the hospitals there is that flavor. Yeah. That is crazy. Yeah. All right. So, we're doing this penata horse on a multi-press. It's really deep. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

=== FILE: HIS FIRST TIME EVER BEING TRAINED!! [KsiIa8X5QC8].txt ===

Okay, go. Come on here. Oh, yeah. All the way through. All the way through. All you. All you. All you go. Go. Finish it. Finish it. Right? Right? Yeah. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. All right, guys. I am here with a special guest. We just happened to running into each other last night. We'll use, I'll tell you, where on a different occasion. Maybe because it does not go along with a gym. But it is something that everybody's been doing. It's a good club. Exactly. I'm gonna say this stuff's so bad on the show. It's gonna be so good. But Jared Feather for those of you that know it's either Jared Feather when he has this haircut or checkleadel. And checkleadel is definitely not as big as Jared is. What do you check on him? Yeah. But Jared. Yeah, definitely. But you definitely look better than he does. In terms of bodybuilding, Jared is very known for RP. I guess, you know, degree in physiology. Master's, he's done a lot of work. Just really, really, very, very smart, individual. Very studious who loves to break down and build up different training systems. And don't each other for several years. But never really got a chance to stay on talk. We did last night. And he said, hey, I've got a, you know, he was gonna work out this morning. I said, let's go. Let's do this. And came by the Jimmy was staying like what? Four minutes away. Literally. Yeah. I was right behind the place where I saw you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm telling you this story about the, where you saw me. But yeah, just quick little background on your bodybuilding career. Where did you learn pro? So I was a natural pro from like 2014 to 2018. OK. And then I went, I computed in the NPC and I turned pro in 2020. OK. In classic physique. So I've been in I've been a pro for four years now. OK. In my last place is like fifth place and my credit bureau. So I'm okay. So yeah. And that was when was that 2022? That was really, OK. And basically right now, how far are you from the cap? Like two or three pounds. And like three or four weeks out. OK. And right now three or four weeks out from the either, I'll do your row bar. I'll do the RTV, which is an account. OK. So that's the 31st or the 14th of September. OK. So it's three or four weeks out. And nobody's ever put you through a workout. No, man. Never. And you're 30, 31. 31 years old now. No one's ever put him through a workout. And I think that a lot of you might have recognized him or RP and Renaissance modernization with Dr. Mike Isratell. And you guys put on a ton of really cool content. They really, really cool stuff. And definitely got to get together with Mike. Because this is going to be a good one. I'm sure he's been on a little bit of peanut butter and jelly right now. Yeah. Well, we both have a lot of respect to him. And we bring up a lot. And especially when we're talking about great coaches and industry, so this will be a great time outside of the world. Yeah. It's going to be a good one. And obviously we'll put the link down for all his social and down below. So that way, you can go ahead and follow Jared on his journey because I can't wait to see how you do because I know that he's always in shape and he's always training hard and always working on trying to get the maximum out of his physique without the use, heavy use, obviously, of the farm side. And which I'm a huge believer on as you guys all know. And I preach all the time. You want to get the maximum out of the natural part of bodybuilding, which is the healthier part. And now there is a dark side to it, but you try to minimize that by being able to really rely on the gym and the kitchen and being able to dial that in properly so that that way you can people to have a long, really healthy career. So let's do this. Oh yeah, let me hear. I'll be here and I just push my chest out. I'm coming back. Okay. And then same thing as you, excuse me. There. So with us. Good. Like what you do? Yeah. Like you said super smart for people who are especially on stage, they're hard to do poses, which I honestly am probably one of those guys. Yep. We emphasize a lot on the deep stretch portion, right? And we hang out on the bottom for a while. So you'll see a lot of my stuff. I'm like hanging out back here, hanging out down here, same with curls. I'm really trying to get the deep stretch. So you're basically doing it way under load. Right? Where? Yeah. Got it. So always, the first couple of sets here, what I believe is just kidding, what going, just warming everything up, again, we need to do a lot to warm shoulders or anything like that, which is kind of going through it. And using the first couple of sets, just to really increase blood flow to the area, nice stretch. And work on your breathing, not holding your breath. Especially a lot of beginners. They really tend to hold their breath in multiple reps. You don't want to do that. You understand, I just just Pacific warm-up. Okay, so I'm going to do a lot of general warm-up, I thought it looks like some risks curls, I'm just really, yeah. And because they're doing those nice and stretches, the nice thing about it is you probably don't have a lot of children. So the key is, especially if you're a beginner intermediate, start getting that full range of motion now because as you get bigger, you're going to get tighter. And as you get tighter, you're going to be more injury prone and you're not going to be able to get really maximum muscle growth because you're not getting full range of motion. So two things happen. Number one, you're more likely to get hurt because, again, you have to just short range of motion. And number two, you're not going to get all of the development. So when you're doing those partial squats, you're not going to get full development of your legs. And then when you're doing all of those short ranges of motion, you're going to be definitely not increasing the muscle size and fullness that you could with a deeper stretch. Full range of motion. Right now, carbohydrate-wise, we are, let's say, the light build is just like a regular gypsy. So this is a carbeline base. So 25 grams of carbohydrate per scoop comes in several things. And you said, we have unflavored, strawberry lemonade, it is probably the latest risk. It's great what-this is-the-great year. She's all right and that's fine wine. So that's a great year. You can have me picked one out. So you're fine wine. How does that taste? Six million kilometers, okay? That's really good. ...the heroine. All right, honey? What would you try on you...? I'm kind of close to the for you. It's a hydration product about a two and a half to one ratio of sodium Good potassium, but it's got a nitropic in it. So it's got citricoline and it's also You've got about 1.25 grams of tarry and then it's my hydration product even all prep friendly because everything that design is all for So even the two to one ratio is more yeah Well, you don't want the potassium to high is you don't want it too high because also You might hope when you're loading with it You don't want to end up having to throw off a potassium ratio when you turn around and you pull your water Your potassium will be high especially when you're carving up with high potassium foods like potatoes So what's up guys honey rampod here 24-time Olympia winning coach and I want to introduce you to the newest product in the Evigen family of Products we have the new hydration if you're into hydration like I am you really know the importance of making sure to add Electrolytes back in before and after workouts Which really important is not just the electrolytes, but also the fact that it's sugar free caffeine free contains no artificial dies and I added in a new trope I put in CDP otherwise known as C2Coline to be able to help you with focus without the use of caffeine So it comes in two amazing flavors lemon lime as well as strawberry lemonade Check it out eVageenutrition.com as well as all eVgenolete retailers worldwide So we're gonna go ahead and do this set Think pick a wait that you feel that you can be able to do about 10 to 15 reps with and what we're gonna do is We're gonna go a little bit beyond that just so I might give you some four strokes And then we're gonna just change up. We're gonna do a couple of reps that are just standard reps With the regular range of motion Then what we're gonna do is you're gonna just follow my hand and I'm just gonna put you through a little bit different variation of being able to try to go through a little bit lower mid and up Oh boy And don't forget to open that set There you go. Good squeeze Good Light wing. Let's go. Come on, babe push good stretch good squeeze great range of motion Good Good One One more that's it now we need a little I need a down Put Good Back Squeeze together. Go, go, go, go, go. Good. Again, a little higher stretch. And squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. Again, again, now we're gonna bring down just a little bit. Go down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, together, come on, come on, come on, come on, go and go lower. You got it down here, you can do it down here. You can do it down here. Go, again, again, come on. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, together, hold it, hold it. Now slow, slow, slow, slow, good, good, hold that. Hold that stretch, hold that stretch. A little bit forward, a little bit more forward. Squeeze, squeeze, push. Right there, hold that, hold that, hold that, hold that, and back. Okay, good, that's what I would consider the first working set. Okay, and we do one more that. What was that face coming up, face? There you go. Oh, good, good, how'd that feel? How'd that feel compared to what you're doing? So they can get it. Well, reference one. So we're big fans of like, reps and reserve, depending on where we are in the training sector. We say I have three more hard weeks, and I want to be able to progressively overload. As far as volume goes in the gym, I'm not usually pushing that close to failure this early, but because of the working sets are so low, genuinely that's fine. So my R-I-R is generally like three, two, one, depending on, why should we explain my R-R? Just reps and reserve. Okay, so like week one or two of my mess of cycle, or what people consider like a training block, I'm doing something like three in the tank for most of my work he says. It might get done like two. Okay, so just so you guys know, let's go into our failure. Okay, so again, you're speaking your language. So reps in the tank basically means that you can do three more and you're stopping. So just so you know, that's basically, again, love language. Yeah, it's a lesson to take people who in power looking call it, or they call it RPE. Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah, so every training perceived exertion, exactly. So again, there's a lot of acronyms for it. Basically, I like to simplify things. But you would, where you would be able to do reps and reserve would be, I could do it done three more. If I pushed all the way to absolute failure. Yeah. Good. Make sense. There you go. Good to go. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So now the one thing that I do tend to do is I, what I preach, is making sure that you get your heart rate down. Yeah. So, okay, get up. Yeah. He's not used to being coached. He's used to being coached. Now we're way longer, so I'm just like, yeah, you want to go now? No, no, no, no. We would late, wait, because again, on the FSC7 portions of it, what we're doing is we're trying to do is we're trying to actually work within a set amount of seconds. It's 30 to 45 seconds. These are not FSC7s. These are straight sets. Now, for me, straight sets for me means basically that you can take up to two, maybe even three minutes, because what you're doing is you're trying not to go into fatigue, you're going to failure. So you do not want your cardiovascular system to be so taxed that it's going to lower the amount of weight that you normally could have used on your next set. So rest up enough so that you can be able to maximize the poundages. That's it, open your mouth. Good. Ah, it's good. You're not just going to do that. One more there. A good job, good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. S confidential. Okay. S its temporary. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, you got one more. Come on, you got just in you. Come on, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, all one more. Okay. Stretch and squeeze. I'll keep it down. Good, good, good drive, drive, drive, drive, drive, hold it. Squeeze that chest, you know? Right there, right there, squeeze, slow, slow, slow, slow. Good, now partial, go. Good, good, good, good. Again, again, go, come on, you're, again, two more. Two more, like that, squeeze, come on, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. One more, one more, drive it together, together, go. All the way down, all the way down. All the way down, all the way down, all the way right there. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, good job. Good job. Good, catch your breath. All right, catch your breath. Now think yourself on stage, do your call out. Right, let's see what, the most most clear we're going to go ahead and really put some time to attention in there. Okay, so see how you're coming in, don't do that. Get your last out one, that's good. That's how you go. There you go. There you go. Relax, relax, go. Relax, go. One last pose is going to be your most muscular. We're going to come in and I want you to do a crab loss, my skill. Let me see what that looks like. There you go. Good chest up a little bit. Right there, squeeze that, squeeze your chest, squeeze your chest, squeeze your chest, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. Squeeze, come on, don't let go, don't let go. You got five more seconds for three, squeeze, two, one. Good job. There you go. There you go. So that's your second working set. And that's also basically just really focusing on making sure that you're building your conditioning for stage. Because many people don't do that, that's why they start sweating. That's why they're not making, they're shaking. Because these are the things that you actually do on stage that you don't do in the gym, especially when you consider it homework. Because most people don't like to do their homework. I think three or four years ago commenting on a lot of our videos like, somebody needs to develop a Smith machine that's like a chamber bar. And then I think that years we've been not a criminal at this piece. I was probably basically having that. Yeah. So that's cool that he did this. Yeah, the dual Smith machine's awesome. Yeah, again, we love Smith machines. You know, there's a lot of really good things, but what if we want to go pass that with the point of view shots? Was there a line that had something like this when you were going up and body building? Yes, there was. There was. Well, the signer saw it. Not on the Smith side. There was no independent Smith. That was very novel. Not that I had seen. Everything that we really like was like old non-lissers cool, you know, whether it was pullover, whether it was like, you know, some of the flex equipment. That flex press is amazing. Yeah. Chris has got one of those at his home gym. And those are really, but none of them were Smith machine base. I know. Not the ones that I ever saw. Yes. Yeah. That's really fast. Smith machine base. There we go. Good. Drive. Good job. Good. Good. Just blow. Good. Good. Driving. Good. Drive. Good. Good. Driving. Good. Driving. Good. Driving. Good. Driving. Good. Driving. Good. Good. Let's go. Let's go. One. One. Good. Good. All the way through. All the way through. This is all you. All you. All you go. Finish it. Finish it. Right there. That's it. Oh. Look. Huh. Huh. I was tough. Yeah. It's like he's got like five more and then just like no one. Yeah. All right. I'm going to drink. You got to get right the ice cream sandwich. Yeah. Frozen. Let's go. Next. Good. Have you had an edge of creamy? Yeah. You do? You have an edge of creamy? Oh, but let's get it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to do it. Yeah. Yeah. So she'll use that one and then she'll use the term. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Yeah. It's all about the shit. Yeah. It's term to sue isolate. That's off of it. Like I said, it's over. With this, it feels like it's part of your cream. Right. And that's why I incorporated into the FST7 Flexets. Right. Because when you incorporate it into part of training, you don't feel like you have to go with a secret, traditional, losing 30 minutes. You can turn around and get much more out of it. Of course, you're doing it when it's the hardest. Yes, right. Which is awesome because you're already taxed. Yeah. And if you're messing the poses up when you're just posing, but you can get them perfect when you're doing a flexet. Like you're probably going to do the perfect on stage. It's going to be an effortless. That's right. So it is, it's really cool. It's, it's sports signs. We call it specificity. So it's the most specific thing you can do. Being tired and posing with perfection is the most specific thing that you're going to do on a body of the stage. Well, people don't understand it smart. It's such an important part of bodybuilding. But nobody wants to turn around and build a do it. And it's just like ridiculous because you either they won't do it or they'll do it separately away from the workout. And then they don't understand that what you're doing is you're trying to actually do it in the way. And then the thing that you're doing is you're going to be the most taxing, which is when you're training. So you don't do any of this on stage. But you do the stuff that you're supposed to, which is posing on stage. And but nobody likes to do that. But that's the actually what the rent, the end result is supposed to be. I think so this is actually a really cool snippet because I can say one of the things that I got wrong in my essay is that I said one of the bad things is that flexing is really hard. Between your sets will lead to set performance decreasing in the session, which is bad because you want to put all the effort and the glycogen for the session into the sets. And that's how you maintain your muscle tissue. But I also was going to be assumption that the rest periods were all shorter. So we're resting long enough between the sets that when I do that. And it's at the end, it's a last set. It's not actually interfering in that much of the session right now. So that's really fucking cool because that is definitely one of the things that I got wrong. While going through it is what I mean to the big difference. I understand that's why I was like, hey, let's do this. Yeah, it's cool man, I really pisses fun. That's awesome. All right. Let's do this. Okay, let's do your last work in set. So what we're going to do is we're going to go through to failure. And then we're going to go ahead and be able to really, I'm going to help you with sitting some positive positive. And then we're going to get you going really slow on last civil negatives. Okay, let's go. Good job, Territ. Up. Good. Here you go. Try. Good. I'm going to move it. Control and try. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Try. Drive. Drive. Can you help you a little bit? I'm going to be going to have nice slow slower, even slower. Even slower. Even slower. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. Now just slowly come down and there we're going to lock it on the down position right there. Right there. Okay. All right. That's the reference again. All right. Let's do a box-post muscular right there. You guys are good lighting here. Good. I bumped it back. Hold that. You got five seconds right there. You're going to hold it and push it right to that chest. Push it right to that chest. Five, four, three, two, three, four. Relax. More. Like that. There you go. I'm taking this up. Pull it in. Good. There. Squeeze that chest. You need to squeeze your arm. Go. Now you're going to pose. Now you've got five seconds from this point. Right in there. Five, four, three, two. Good job. Relax for a second. Catch your breath. And it's your catch-up. If you're going to have a lot more food on your own state. So you're going to have to keep that core tight. Good. Good. How are you going to that side chest? There you go. Archer back to it. There you go. Good. You take your tight. Squeeze that upper chest in here. Good. Squeeze. Squeeze. That's it. Squeeze it. That's it. Squeeze it. Look at that pump. Look at that pump. Hold that. Hold it. Three, two. Good job. Good job. There. Right there, squeeze. Squeeze. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Eight to ten. Yeah. Eight to ten. Ooh. So Mike's never put you through over now. So if he does, it's something I pick. Okay. So like the first time that I met him in the gym and college, I was doing work I already. He's like, he's like, he's like the first time I kind of showed me crazy orange emotion stuff. And I was already doing like barco curls and he changed a couple of like techniques that I was doing. So like that type of thing. Yeah, I've done. But like letting somebody take over my sessions completely and like, I'm going to do something. The first time I'm up to cherry. Absolutely. It's good though man. It's like how was this telling him in the camera? Mike Ramall could put anybody. They she wanted through the heart assistant of their life. Sure. Because all she got through is pointed to machine and then ask you how you feel afterwards. Go do that for like five sets of 10. How do you feel? I'm fine. Put that one. Right. And he's walk out of the gym. Messed up. Right. But that's not what we do at our pee. So you do you're trying to teach people stuff. Correct. You're trying to actually take something away from the session. Whether that's see how hard posing is during your sets. Right. See what it feels like when you have a pump and you continue pushing the tab lights into that tissue. Yes. So it's not just like a chain of trainers pride themselves and that type of shit. Yes. Would you train me man? You're going to mess up your week. Okay man. Yeah. It was funny because I understand being yesterday. You guys trash myself more. But I just feel better today. I'm just, you know, just, you know, the only any attitude you know, stimuli doing it. 100% doing it. And 100% really about because it's about what how much you can recover from. Yep. Right. And that's the key. You want to try to create a little bit different stimulus so that you can be able to grow because you should something slightly different and that's why I get the posing for me as part of it. And being able to do those types of things. But at the end, it's really about making sure that you can recover from it. Because if you're so trash, the turn that can be back in the gym for so long. The chances are you're not going to come back for a long period of time. I'm trying to stretch. I think I'm ready. Yeah. You're not ready for the posing. Yeah. This is going to, yeah. You're really thinking about it. Which is daunting. You're going to start loving you. Let's go. Love, hate relationship. Let's go. Come on here. Stretch the squeeze. Right. We're going to go all the way. Perfect. Good. And drive. Good. Good. Such a deep stretch. Good. There you go. That's it. Good. Squeeze that. Good. I've got to drive it all the way. With that mind, my connection and drive. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Drive it. Drive it. Drive it. Drive it. Drive it. Okay. Come with me now. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Hold this way. Hold that way. Good. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Slow. Slow. Slow. Hold that. Hold that. Hold it. You better hold it. You better hold it. Good job. Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god. Yeah. Right there. You know that? So, okay. So, what you're going to need to do is when you get home, your right lap is bound. Okay. It's bound up into your territory. Your left isn't. So, you can see that. So, you're going to need to get some muscle work done on there. So, an RT on that. I'll show you some stuff that you can do on that. That's not what you're going to do on that. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. I like to tear the muscles. But I do not want to be able to create some act of therapy that's going to help stimulate both because it becomes like velcro, right? Those muscles are so bound up. You really need to get some muscle work done. So, we'll talk about that. But that's something that needs to be done, especially on that right lathe. I could tell. Yeah. And it's probably hindering your growth. I feel when I'm doing like any sort of right. And you've been, basically, your back is probably the place you need to grow the most. And that's something that can really help the growth because you feel and to get that muscle work done. We'll create that client ability to build a help grow into that. And that's why you need to get some deep tissue done and an RT done. Because from bodybuilders being wide and sleeping on their sides, they tighten up a ton through your upper lathe to your terries. And that's why you end up getting a lot of bound up tissue. Good. Still kept the fullness of your chest in natural. I know, right? Yeah. That's awesome. Good. Good. So now we're getting into that. So we should get into that. So we should get everything into the right medium. Little bit on there. You go. Yeah. Just there. Just keep it right on that. And just do me there. Just a little bit. A little bit. That would be nice. Very good. Good. Not showing you something little more. Because now that you're bringing the help of also doing it. And we're going to go into that right. And we're just going to get that. It's making some noise. So what do you think we do that such as? I hate the way it makes me look. Like, nice. I don't know. I've always been kind of more crunch so that I'm showing off a week. Yeah. But look, you need to. Yeah. So when you're going into that, you're getting really deep. So what I suggest to you is going to be. And then. And then that way is dynamic. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Okay. So. So when you go into it, set your feet. Always go casa. Good. Push it. You're not picking your death. But some way. There. Now you're pushing the way. You can get so that when you're sandwiching the two. Perfect. So you say, if you're first. Yep. Go. And then. Yeah. And blow that out. If you've been a portrait back a little bit. There. What you got to keep that in your mouth. Good. Like that. New routine. Like that. Oh. That's better. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Okay. Hold that. There you go. Time right there. Good. Don't let me. Good. Hold that. Good. Oh. Look at that. Watch. Yeah. Go. Go. Go ahead. It's struggling front. Go ahead. And you're in a low row. Good. Condition looks good there. And then. Hold. Hold. Hold. Chest. Yeah. Chest. Oh. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Again. I just had a lot of work on my own. And I was just like taking like information from kind of from body orders and the gym and just trying to put it together. In my own. And you know. And I just. And I just. And I just. I did. So when you were younger. I got a coach. No. I didn't. You're like that was it. That was a close. I ever had. And he just kind of taught me some basics of just like posing and stuff like that. And I was just like. I don't know how to be like. So what I did was I just try to like. I started from the basics again. I'm a teenager. It was barthor Jones. It was like, you know, it was all of those. You know, men's are hard for Jones principles. Learning about dad. And all the aspects of nutrition, stuff. And how arching and the more. And you know, the. And you know, the. And that's the. Because everything we get is natural. And that's what I'm. So I'm. I think. So when I was 14. So I was always afraid of drugs. Yeah. I was like. I'm probably. So I was. That. That. And. And we should do that. Yeah. You know. So I was just like. Now. You know. And that's. Why? Why? Because I fucking obsessed. We're lying. It's all just sugar. Yeah. I'll just product to the sugar. Yeah. That's good. That's really. I'm. I feel bad. There. There. Look at me walking away with all the. Put the lottery here. Two. Hell. Isn't nice. Yeah. Good. All right. Guys. So we just got finished up. What do you think? So. Seriously. First time again. Anyone point through a session. A lot of things I said as far as like. Somebody who is here to teach you stuff and not just like. Mess you up. Rack you. Yeah. Which is super easy. And that's what have to people do. Like any guru that ever seen. Putting people through sessions on YouTube or whatever. It's like. Okay. So if they're just doing 80 sets of. Whatever. Right. So this is nice. Because it's very similar. What we do on the RPG channel. Teaching the techniques. Telling you why. And not just throwing the ball you. Kitchen sink it to you. Like it's truly for purpose. So I appreciate the hell out of the thoughtfulness. Yeah. So we have a lot to go into. You know, a little bit of the stuff. Even your supplements. Like it's really cool. Now. And it's great to have you because again, having that dialogue was huge. Because most of the time. My guys are either deep in prep or we're sitting there just being. I'm sure we'll shit back and forth. But we don't get to talk a little bit about the science. Imperical evidence. All of those things kind of mixed together and being able to really geek out on it while we're training and being able to see someone that's also doing it. So, you know, I respect this shit out of you because you're doing both. And again, three and a half weeks of show. And maybe one more. Question. Yeah. Maybe do like some more. Awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.

=== FILE: HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT! YOU WONT BELIEVE IT [p2KFQGkcqRk].txt ===

So it's time for a workout. We're going to go see Rudy Pinnata, the man. He just got done with work. He got his meal in and now we're going to go and meet him at the gym. And there's a bunch of athletes coming. So it's going to be cool. We'll see who's there. We're going to go see the coach. Three months. Alright. I'm okay. You're going to go for me. No, then we can go. What are you saying? So they're going to go for the shot. How do you remember the shot? It's not the three shots. We were in the week. We're here. We got to go to watch. We're going to the World War. We got to go. Yeah, we can do it. Yeah. We like it. Now we're going to show you the workout. And we said the weather. Do you train it? Yes. We always have to relax. Yeah. Wait. Yeah. We're going to show you. Yeah. You're going to show me. Good best to one. Yeah. That's still light. It's still light away. It's still light away. Come on, really. Nice work. Nice work. We're not going to do it. We're going to do it. Yeah. Make this decision. Yeah. So. So. So we're going to do it. So we're going to do it. Oh. Oh. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on, really. Come on, brother. Good. That's it. Go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Excellent. For my. Yeah. For my. Let's go. Come on. Come on, really. Light. You're going. You're going. You're going. You're going. You're going. Yeah. You're going. Yeah. For example. Light. Keep going. Yeah. For example. Light. Keep going. Sure. Go. You. You. You. Or you. That's it. I'm looking at some. I'm looking at some. Yeah. Yes. Find the human made us. We have to get it again. You saw a problem? Yes. Rob. Yes. Rob. You don't have to mean to. That. Good. All right. So we just did legs with Rudy Pinnona. He ended up doing some leg extensions, leg press, seated hamstring curls. And the guy is strong as a horse. He's 74 years young and he's strong as an ox. Can not believe how much strength and power he has. He really like I've seen him cook a lot of people, including some bro. I am here back at the Pinnona factory in a piro Italy. And it's good to be whole. Let's go. And this here is the Pinnona showroom. I'm sure you've seen it before here and there on some videos that I posted in the past. And now you have all the updated equipment and some stuff in the back that's got some really cool new stuff that is yet to be seen. This is one of the new machines. This is a 3D ad vector machine. So this is one of those I definitely want to try because then it just come out recently. There's a couple of other pieces that I've now in production. I wanted to turn around and try out. But Disneyland. It's called a fantastic one. It's all the change of the things from 19. Is that crazy? This isn't saying. And this one would count reps. That had a robot from way back then. And this is how far back it was. All right guys, we're adding the brand new pieces that came to Pinnona. So we have the super vertical press. So this one is this multi press that you guys have seen us do on our back. Well this one's really nice because it's slightly different angle because you're upright. So definitely wanted to try this and got to try it. Love it. So definitely coming on the list. So I got to make more room Kevin. Something to make more room in the gym. Oh set. The mind muscle condition. My question. My question. Weight is important. But not everything. The important thing is to have enough weight but not too much because you have to use good form. Squeeze. Good form. And form range. Yes, like real. Yeah, full range. Full range. Not short. Not short. No, complete range. Yes. Full range. Yes. And the list. The list. You hear it. Oh, lightweight. Heavy with lots of reps. Yeah, and the different. Yes. One more and the back. How do you say? Remo. Remo. Row. Oh. Pass them one time. How do you say? That list. They list both. Yes. On the gander. Uh huh. All right. Polyway. So three exercises. Two three exercises. Three weight. And then two three exercises. With machine together. And they say. Three say. False. Two working. Okay. Two. Two working. They got it coming. The. The. It was. Effective. Real. Two real. Yeah. One more. And the. Repeat. Repeat. Yeah. Massimo. Fish. Uh huh. Minu. Eight. Eight. To 12. All right. Guys. So one of the machines is coming to the Evision gym is the vertical. Press. Now you guys have seen this one. Before it's on. And now it comes in a vertical form. Again, a little easier to get in and out of. So I'm going to be bringing this in. So I'm putting the shopping list together. All the things I'm putting together for the gym. A bunch of new equipment. So mother pieces. I want to show you guys. All right. Over here. So. You see the power. Smith dual system. I have this as well as the inclined slash vertical version of it. Now there's an updated version. Let's kind of again. And this updated version has two different. Unique pieces to it. One is it's gotten a adjustable. Hand grip. So again, the other one felt a little bit wide, especially for women. Now you have to be able to adjust it narrower. So you have a two position on that. And then the second thing it has is it has a corner balance. So that makes it a bit lighter so that when women are using it, they can feel like they can be able to utilize the machine as well. And it doesn't feel too heavy. So now you have those two different add-ons for the new updated version. So that's also coming to the Evision gym. So I can't wait. Hurry up. Get it in Evision Blue and let's go home. All right. Last but not least, super power squat. So I have a bunch of late press machines. I have a vertical leg press. I have a 45 degree. I've got super leg press. But I do not have a power squat. So be able to work really, really well in terms of being able to hit a different angle on the leg days. So what we're going to do is really focus on bringing in a different piece of machinery to be able to get that. Extra pump that we're looking for. Great machine. That's going to be added to the collection. All right guys. So many of you have seen a lot of my videos. And for several years now, I built out the Evision gym with exclusively Panata machines. I think there's a lot of great equipment out there. There's a lot of great companies out there. But I felt that Panata was the best. And that's why I wrote a check for it. Now, after two years of working with them, I've taken the relationship to a whole other level. We are working together. So I am now officially part of Panata. So there's a lot of things that we're working on. We're going to get ready to announce. And I cannot wait to show with you. Coming soon. I just want to thank Rudy Panata, Edward Panata, Kiyara, the whole Panata team. I really would appreciate all the faith and trust you have in me. And I cannot wait to show all of you around the world. What's coming next? Thank you all.

=== FILE: How to Build a WIDE Back FAST! Ft. Eric Janicki [PykooCCSDN8].txt ===

All right guys, honey Rambot here, 25-time Olympia winning coach, and I'm here with none other than Mr. YouTube himself, Eric Janikis. I call him Mr. YouTube because this guy is one of the hardest working guys up on social and putting it a ton of time in when it comes to content. And he's putting equal amount of time into his physique and going out and trying to get that pro-card. Just missed it. This is again, the third time in a row, but hey, we're going to get it at some point. I'm not a Mr. Zero Olympia over here, but social media body, but they're so... Hopefully I'll change that, that stigma soon enough. Yeah, but honestly, tons of really good quality. A lot of really good stuff. His channel's popping off. Not just because of the fact that he's entertaining, but he's also giving out a lot of really good information. And today what we're doing is we're focusing on back, and we're going to throw in some buys. But what we're going to do is just kind of move around a little bit of the movement, maximize some of the PenoDoc equipment that we have here, and be able to kind of walk off of this walk away from this with a lot of really good information. That he can take back and be able to get that coveted pro-card that he's been looking for. So, let's do it. So, I'm ready to soak it up, I guess. Let's do this. So, what you're going to realize is the bio mechanics of the PenoDoc pieces of equipment. I feel like a second to none. You're able to get through full range of motion with time-under tension. And you don't get those dead spots where you get with a lot of the other machines. As I was talking about, love the rec center. We go to as a family, but you don't get that time-under tension with some of the other machines that you have in regular gyms. So, when you do have the ability to find a really good piece, you can really get that mind muscle connection that will help you grow in great platoes. So, as you can see here, you're going to start feeling much more than you normally would. With just the handle position. There you go. Good. Good. Normally when you're warming up, when you're reps, you normally do when you're warm-ups. Well, let's see, like, probably, eight to 12. It's really a new gel that's like sitting that stretch position, too. Mm-hmm. Let's get everything open. Get your hips down. You're going to be able to stretch. Yeah. There you go. I like that. I like that. So, guys, make sure exactly what Eric said. I love the fact that he likes to get into that stretch position. He doesn't have to just rip on reps. He can keep that stretch position. And also, the big thing is do not lift your ass up. You want to keep your hips down so you can get that maximum stretch so that you can be able to really warm up the entire muscle. You're... Is... I like to personally square up a little bit more here. A stretch. And then pull and then dry. That's it. And give it a good stretch. And pull. Almost like you're doing a rough... When I'm done by rope, you get that lawnmower effect. Where you're pulling that lawnmower string. And then you pull. And dry. Good. Good. Real delivery. Real delivery. Scrooed. It's good. Good. Notice how much heavier that weight fell. Pull. Yes. There you go. Good. Yes. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. What do your thoughts on grips? Um, I don't like using them until you start getting to heavier weights. Because I feel like especially most people who have need a forearm development, they use it on the lighter weights. And then on heavier weights where your grip wouldn't normally give out. That's when they're needed the most. But if you've got big arms, arms like you do, not as much of an issue. If you have smaller arms, stay away from straps or grips until you really need them. So you get more forearm recruitment. I think it was interesting to hear the methodology you want to come up to using grips. One of the things I really started to emphasize to is not completely straighting my armoured stretch, because I can keep tension in the lower lap. Yep. Yep. Good. Good. So what I like to do is exactly that, but every third breath, we're just, yep, and stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, and then up one. There! Just so you can get a little bit better stretch the very beginning of that point right there, right there. Good. Good. Good. Good, good, good, good, good. There you go. Handful. Excellent. Keep it moving. Yeah. There you go. How many reps we should have for a work in good? Good. Good. Good. Between 8 and 12. Good. Good. How's that wreath you? Nice. Good. Again. Good. Good. I would just do one more. Just do one more. Good job. That's it. Now let's add a quarter to it. And then let's do a working set. Quit. Let's do the other side first and then we'll come back and then we'll go into that work and set. We've got this pump cover off after that. It's still, do this machine. That's so thick. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Come on. Show. Show. Good. Just think you're on stage. You bring those elbows back. Showing those really thick lats. Boom. That's it. Good. That's it. Good job buddy. Good drive it down. Good. That makes a stretch. Keep those hips planted. Good. You get that hip plant. Perfect. Good. Again. That's it. Excellent. Good job. Check it out. Good. Good job. Good. Good. That really nice. Yeah. That's nice. She is just like, yeah. So good. Yeah, now what I'm very big into is real my most connection. So in between sets, like going into that next set right now, just literally bringing your elbows back right now and just feeling those lats contract. Just so that you get that good mind muscle connection and set your body up to be able to get those neurons, everything to fire for the next set. Do you see all of this this coloration and then you're bringing it back there you go together right there. Good. Again, another one more time. Now we can stay waiting for it and then bring those elbows back. Good. Backscat. There you go. Good. How could you have fingers back? And let's go ahead and go a last spread all the way out. Just, uh, boom. There you go. Lift it. Lift it. Like that. Right that. Hold it there. Good. Now lose slightly forward right there. Just like that. See how. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good job. So not bad. There you go. Especially when you nailed it. And again, you're getting so much blood in there, which you want to do is you want to be able to control and move me and then be able to get that my most connection of what you're doing on stage and you're trying to be able to converge on both of the pieces of what you're doing here that you're not going to do on stage to what it's going to look like on stage. Yeah. So that's why it's so important that you be able to master both. Absolutely. So many people don't do posing and they want to know why they don't look right on stage because they're lazy. Good. Good. Oh, it's you. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good stretch and pull. Excellent. Good. Staying right on that lap. Pull. Good. Good. Hanker those hips. Good. And pull. Good. Keep them moving. Keep them moving. Go on air. These are the reps are going to make you grow now. Keep it rolling. Again. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Again. Good. Good. Pull. Oh. Easy. Good. Pull. Right there. Hold it. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. One more just like that. I'm going to help you on the positive. Go right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Slow. Slow. Slow. Now go into full stretch. Excellent. Good. Now catch your breath. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Let's sink into the gas. Controling that eccentric. Concentrate. Concentrate. Exclusion. There you go. Pulling down all the way. Great range of motion. Great contraction and drive. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. And drive. Good. Good. Good. Impulse. Good. Keep moving. Again. Good. Good. Right. Good. Good. Come on here. Come on here. Good. That's all you. That's all you. That's all you buddy. Come on. Little more right there. Slow. Slow. Good. Good. Again. Again. Down. Control. Control. One. One. One. One. Pull. Right there. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Good job. Good job. Good job. Last call the set. That was awesome. Woo. Another second place set. No, no, no, no. Those are, that's it. Those are second place sets. That's like fucking quick. That's it. Let's go to work. Yes, let's do it. Okay, you got this. And go. Go. There you go. Good. Lightweight. Good. Good. Oh, there you go. There you go. There you go. Go, go. Keep those hips back. Keep those hips back. And then pull. That's it. Good. Again. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep those hips forward. Oh. Right. That's it for this. Right there. There. That's good. Good. And drive. Excellent. Excellent. Keep going. Keep going. Good. This is a working set. Good. That's it. Again. Good. Drive. Good. One more. One more. One more. One more. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. That's it right there. Slow. Slow, slow. Slow, slow, slow, slow. Slow, slow. There you go. Yeah. Good. Good. Now if you're doing that you gotta just really arch that back as you bring those over and you try to elbow back You got an arch as a pull That's better That's good that's really nice Feel the engagement right there good Nice that said come on Eric come on Eric show me show me That's better Good You're gonna polish that off all the way good Again Drive drive drive good you have more you have more you have more go Keep going Keep going Good drive Easy easy keep going keep going Stop saying bag and go pull that's better come on come on time to grow time to grow Again Come on Good After breath that your breath and that feel Got a lot It's not back to getting good Drive it back Get it back Good Right there Squeeze Good Good Again Good Again come on here Good Absolutely engaged all the time good job though good Good Good Keep going keep going keep going Keep going Keep going Good Watch your hips, watch your hips don't let him lift Good Keep going keep going keep going Keep going Then strong Then strong Then strong Good go go go go good Good keep going Good up up Slow one more one more one more Good I'm going to help you with the positive Slow slow slow slow slow slow slow Slow good job Slow there's almost down Yeah then I push forward Got your towards out Yep So I could still do it as this is a little bit more about the act So you see I get more strikes Lots Yeah it's a whole different motion Compared to a basic reverse grip Dorian style bar bone row But you're doing is you're getting a lot more stretch And And then movement There you go Have angle when you let's see about go ahead and come down And then right to there right there And who drive control Yep and then a slight hot spot Oh Good Archipack There you go Good Oh there's almost stretch That's it And there you go Excuse me Good One more Good job The back is in the perfect It's really nice I like that one Good Good That's what I'm doing back Alright let's go there Control perfect Still just feel that you're tired Good Let's go Get to position there Perfect into drive Excellent control Good Good Excellent control And drive Excellent perfect Drive Oh control There you go Good Good Good Good That's good Good You drive Excellent You going Good That's it Good This is a working set now Keep a moving Three control control control that you sent Control control One more Slow That's it Good job Good job Good job Good job Good job There you go Good job There you go Okay You got this Excellent Good job Right there Control Right there And back up Good control Right there Good Good Good Come on here Chesa Come here Hold that Two two two Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Good job Good job Good job Good Have a light Well We got smile in ourrafats Thank you Check out You know I just didn't see a I do I don't And that's better. Now pull. That's a great arch. As I feel. Nice. It's good. It's going to smell so fast. Yeah, they smell it. Yep. Mm-hmm. Just see the same thing, because I don't want to lean elbow and not lean can. Yep. Yeah, like that. So good. I can drive more elbow in the last hand. Because I thought I was going to push you. You can put your hands through those hoops that you want. Drive. Mm-hmm. Good. Good stretch. Good job, Eric. Good stretch. Good stretch. Open up those lats. There you go. And pull. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Good. Now you're looking like an athlete. I'm trying to think, oh, I'm on sometimes. That's it. Mm-hmm. Good. Keep going, brother. Keep going. Keep going. Good stretch. Good stretch. And drive. Good. Good. That's the culture you want. You want to be able to get that bring down squeeze. Our shabak bring those elbows down. It's good. Big back. Big back on stage. Good. Good. One more. Good. Squeeze. Good job. Good. Let's relax it. And let's add weight. Yep. Put your arms there and square. Can you say? Cool. Mm. Okay. How's that weight? Is it feel heavy? No, you can't. I said you're just a little bit. Okay. Just get it. Good stretch. Good. Drive. Good. Just complete it. Good. That's right. That's not good. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Mmm. That's it. Oh. Oh. Come on. Come on. Come on. Pull. Good. Come on, Eric. Come on, Eric. It's time to work. Good. Driving. I think that time started like that. You're really scared. Let's go. Come on. Go. Good. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. All the way right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. That's it. That's it. Good. Slow, slow. I'm going to have a little more stretch. Little more stretch. Right there. Good job. Oh. Yeah. Now it's time to work. No. It's better. That's in and out. Better? We should build machines or something to do. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. That's good. Come on. Come on, Eric. You should get like in contact with a high level equipment. Make her. And like, you should maybe do a partnership where you can help them build machines. Let's keep them crazy. That's it. Especially if they're Italian machines. Let's go. Let's go. That's it. Good. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. And drive. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Slow. And drive. Come on. Good. Control. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. I have a little bit of scratch. Good. Good. Good. Good. Now down. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. And down. Good job. Last one. Come on, Eric. This is one for growth. For number one. Let's go. Drive. Drive. Slow. And go all the way up to the top. And I want you to partial from the top. You have a talk to him. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. That's good. Again. Again. Good. Good. Two. One more. Let's go more. That's good. Come on. Come on. Come on. One more. One more. Good. One. One. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's see. That's good. There you go. That's good. You got this shit. Let's go. Easy. Easy. Easy. Easy. Strong. Squeeze. There you go. Do it. Oh. Five. I survived. Oh, man. I'm so good. What? What? What? That's good. Much better. Good. That's good. Very strong. Good. Good. Do it. Now let's go rear of my square. Good. You got it from the last square. There you go. There you go. There you go. That's nice and wide. Good. Stay wide. There you go. Hold it. Stay wide. We've got just a little bit right there. Show us a little higher. A little higher. Right there. There you go. How's that look, guys? That's nice. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Awesome. Good. Good. That's just up to start. This stretch and drag. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze. Right. Good. Good. Mm. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Two more. Come on. Come on here. That's on the work. Good. Up. One more. Come on. Come on, brother. Travel it all way. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Up. Up. I don't care. There you go. Hold right there. Good. Out slow. And you got one more easily. And much stronger than you think, dude. Travel. Try. Travel to. Travel to. Higher. Right there. Now slow. Not slow. Not slow. Good job. Good. That's it. Oh, of course. And again. Partial. Partial. Good. Partial. Good. All right. So those partials work amazingly well. We want to increase intensity at the end when your body cannot do the full range of motion. That's why we've got invented partials. Oh, good. Good. Good. Come on in. That's it. Good. Good. Operation don't have tiny arms here. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. This one actually is better stretch than that one. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Every person who's bobbing can't sort of different depending on your height and the arm length. So that's why as you go through the range of motion, you're going to notice a certain of machines or you give you a little bit better stretch. And this one seems to be really good. It's dream. Good. Drive it out. Yes. Good. Which is going to do one good set here. That's all you need. You're ready warmed up with the biceps. Everything's been primed. Now we're going to do that ultimate contraction. All the way up. Good. Good. Good. Again. Again. I can see the tricesterone coming through the veins. So it's what I'm doing. Good. Good. The tricesterone coming out of the veins right now. I can smell it as real turn. Yeah. It was perfect. Again. Again. Drive. Drive. One more. One more. Yes. Good. Good. Drive. I'll wait. I'll wait. Right there. Hold it there. Hold it there. Five. Four. Three. Two. Two. We have an exchange rate with tariffs. One. One. Okay. What was that, Dr. Canadian tariff exchange rate? That's why we do extra because it's not exactly $1 for dollar. That was very mean. That was very mean. That was very mean. Good stretch. Good. And I think on this, you're going to get a little bit better stretch because we're able to drop you a little bit further. Where's the first exercise? There you go. Try to feel the tug. Twin peaks. Brawl. Twin peaks. Let's go. Good. Squeeze. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Push in the hands, also out towards the bed. See that? Yeah. Go. Hmm. Do you feel that peak contraction? Hmm. That's a funny question. Yeah. Let's go. All the way. Try it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. And drive. Good. Good. Good. This is only going to be a one set wonder for you. We're doing one set. We're going to turn around and absolutely chill in. Hmm. And that's it. One set on this exercise. It's because we're going overboard because you get a chance to be here in the Pinata Pumpland. Let's go. All the way. Go. Go. More more more. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Hold that. Hold that. Keep contraction. Not work. No. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Seals fibers. They're dancing. Good. That's it. Good. Good. No. No. Not a good one. That's, best for my entire life. Like, besides, you're like, a close first or second. It's like, everything's so acts really design. I think I need to just a little more stress. More stress. But the force curve. Yeah. On these the way they're set up. You're just taking a talent. Somebody that actually understands bodybuilding. Whereas. a lot of machines are like, for example, a pulling machine. That one, all the curve is here. A lot of these camera shapes, they go the opposite way, they curve like this. You're like, like that, it's like, no, it's not how, like, you should be driving low in here. And then half the machines, they do this up, like up to down there, they're like this. It's like the opposite of what you want to do. It's just like madmaning, so when you see somebody actually like, get set, gets very fun to use. Right, I want to surprise you, but don't get too excited, because I want your class out. But I'm going to show you this extra room in here. Let's go. This is not the lighting here, it's so noisy. Good. I thought it was a little like that. There you go, stay away, stay away, stay away. That's it. That's it, good, right there, right there, like that. See how hard that is for you? That's it though, good. Just got done doing some posing at the very end of the back workout. Your first FSC 7 workout, how was it? I met it last, it was like definitely taxing, definitely tough, well, like everything felt super safe, very acute, I learned so much, but I think that's like the big thing, like open-mindedness to learning something new and trying a new stimulus, because I think if you go to the gym to do the same for exercises, like it's lobbed in my experience, you're going to like make games for the first like six, eight, 12 weeks, but you continue to try to progress me over the same moments, you're going to just try to do a wall eventually. Yeah, absolutely. And remember, this is just an example workout. I tend to do is take half of the workout, keep it the same, and if we're going to do a variant, then switch up the second half of the workout. So you have some consistency in the workouts week to week, so you can see where your strength points are and how it's tracking. So again, utilize this information, check out Eric's channel, he's given out a ton of really good information as well, and like always, let us know in the comments below what you would like to see on the next workout. Honey Rambud, Eric Jannigate, we're out, peace.

=== FILE: How to build a 3D chest with Hadi Choopan & Hany Rambod [c9s7m9qcXhs].txt ===

Getting ready to hit chest with Mr. Hottie Chopin. Work out number two, day two in the USA. Two scoops of EVP 3D, because it's about 430 in the afternoon. I don't need to stay up. Him on the other hand, he's doing extreme, because he's an extreme kind of guy. We're both using about a half a lid of EVQ. Work out two. Let's go. It's actually really good. I like it because it's got a little sodium bicarbonate. It gives you a little bit of that effort bestance. So, you just gotta keep your finger on the top. It's why it's called PageRip Pop. You're gonna have to do that. You're gonna have to do that. You're gonna have to do that. You're gonna have to do that. You're gonna have to do that. You're gonna have to get afty, huh? Yeah. You're gonna have to get afty. What he, who you're gonna get afty means is that you've learned well. So, again, in FarC. Keeping his hands open. Now he always then he slows down. When he's in Dubai, he's doing 14 plates on shrugs. And he comes here and asks, he's gonna be in the form. It's gotten way better. Something happens on the flight. And the form gets a little bit better. Whenenge there. When definited... It's got the punch resusually.zeich Bet Ahjdu ni sh Xiaila ph mijn! The formula is correct. Yeah. Guhahahaha. Ohhhbridge yummy. Let's go. Three, go. Slowly. three You better runs. Javun means young. He's making fun of me. Gonna need some, get a need some cell cam here, actually, see, you know, cam, so cam, I'm gonna go all over. Loaded up. Keep up with this guy. With. Let's go. Off that ain't. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Thurn in some amino cam. The essential amino acids with S7 because this is going to be a good. I'm gonna get cooked on this one. So you gotta add more. Oh, cheesy. That's what happens. Yeah. Same thing. You're sad. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go, honey. Let's go, honey. Good. Good. Control. Two. See, oh, now he has to warm up with two plates. Oh, my gosh. One, two. One, two. Meem. Meem, you're caught. That's us, huh? That's us, huh? Oh, buddy. That's trying to give you, like, extra help. Two. Three. Up. Six. Seven. Little longer, respires. When you go heavier, you want to go to failure, not to fatigue. So, if you're out of shape like me, take your time. If you're in good shape and you want to be almost like a pseudo cardio while you're training, then take the shorter respires. But if you really want to try to work on getting the maximum poundage on those last working sets, take a couple of minutes and between those last working sets. What the money? What the money? What the? What the? What the? I got my own training section. Yeah. Habib, cuis rein. Where's Habib? Where's Habib? You're good, you're good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. Ah. Up. There you go. Ah. Let's go. I started like, hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Knock it off. I'm trying to help me on the end. Check it out. Check it out. The new Evevision shorts. Do not forget there's been another weekly update on the FST7 app. So if you're looking for all of my exclusive workouts and my exclusive content, go download the FST7 app head on over to honeyrandbod.com and for just a dollar we'll give you full access for the entire month. Use code honeywight for the whole entire workout library as well as exclusive Q&A's and podcast head over to honeyrandbod.com. Don't forget just a buck honeywight. Hold it. Five. Six. Seven. Yeah. You can get your ticket. Pop. There you go. Five. Eight. Eight. Four. Four. Five. Five. Five. Easy peasy. Fersy's here. Let's go. Let's go. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Good. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Two. Two. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Six. Seven. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Four. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Postworkout, sell-Kem has the full dose of KSM66 as you know. I've been a huge fan of KSM66 for over six years. I've been using it on the Evo Boost, the test optimizer, and now available as a stand-alone the KSM66. One capsule is a full dose, 600 milligrams. You can be taken postworkout or in the evening time when you're winding down to help you lower cortisol levels and get you into deeper sleep. Go ahead and try that out, and you will not feel groggy when you get up. You feel actually refreshed. So if you want the stand-alone, it is available now at the Evoygen Nutrition website as well as all Evoygen Elite retailers worldwide. Check it out, now available. It's just finished up chest with hotty day two in the books complete. Now, it's just a matter of three exact weeks from this evening. We'll be the finals of the 2025 Mr. Olympia. Make sure you go out and buy your tickets. While you can, it's gonna be a hell of a show. And now it's on to do a little bit of cardio. Peace.

=== FILE: IS SETH FEROCE MAKING A COMEBACK!  EP. 118 [GrK8OuSv9SQ].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honny Rambad. After a little bit of a break after the Olympia after the announcement of my retirement. Oh, there's the first one back. Yes, this is the first one back. And after Prague. Hmm. Right. That was a good time. Looks like a good time. It was a good time. That's right. With Mr. Sebum himself. And now I'm here with none other than Seth Frossey. Welcome to the podcast that. Thank you for having me. I'm having a good time. You know, I found out you're coming in town and we've been talking about getting together and training for a long time because every time I'm in Pittsburgh, we'll get together and we'll train. I'll come to your gym at your headquarters at Axon's ledge or I'll get together at the exercise warehouse. Yeah. What's cool? Like old times. Exactly. And then I said, dude, you gotta make it to Dallas. You gotta make it to Dallas. You gotta come over and train with me and you're like, well, I will bro. But and then all of a sudden this year, we see each other in Mexico of all places. We were out there at that fit weekend. Yeah. And that was a great time. Got to hang out a little bit. But it was one of those things. What's the same thing? Hey, you motherfucker. Come to Dallas. So you can come over and we can train. And I'm not anti-social. No, you're not anti-traveling. I'm not anti-traveling. I don't like to travel that much. I don't mind traveling. It's just getting me out of my head. Like when I'm in home, I'm working, working family. Like that's all it happens. But then once I get out of him, like, oh man, like today I was like, man, that's felt like a fucking vacation. It's beautiful. I'm having a good time. Well, it's crazy because when last time I was with you, and I can't remember where we had exercise warehouse. Yeah. And Pittsburgh. And even like the last, that was 23. Right. Right. 23. Yeah. Not even this year. But what did happen was that we were there. And when was it when I was at your gym? Was that 22 or 22? And when in 22, I was in Pittsburgh. And I think it was there for the Pittsburgh. Yeah. And then I came out a little bit early. I traded your your your gym. And the crazy thing about it is that ever since then, the internet blew up. And they're like, oh, look, there's a little bit of a spark there because I was kind of like, you were functional and comfortable. Whatever you wanted to call it. Yeah. No, I was. Right. And then I said, dude, you need to eat. You're eating like a bird. Look at you. Well, again, because I know what your genetics are capable of. Yeah. Right. And when we looked at it from there, and you fast forward now two years later, things have changed. Yeah. You went from like, I'm not doing a bodybuilding show to I'm kind of looking that you're looking more like a bodybuilder. Yeah. I'm trying to like one out to tell me what you're doing different. Yeah. No, it's so I turned 40 this year. I just turned 40. 15 years ago November 21st, 2009, I turned pro on my birthday with you. And you were 25. Yeah, turned 25. And then now I was like, a turning 40. And I've been super healthy, taking care of myself, making sure everything's under control for the past five years since 2020. And I was like, say, I'm getting a little older. Like the 40 thing got me. I was like, you're getting older. And I have so much like unfinished stuff on the stage, unfinished business. But it's not like I got to go do something show profound that it breaks everything. But it's like, what was, where's my potential? Did I actually live to the my, my fullest abilities? Did I soak it in as much as I could? Was I as present as possible on stage at those wonderful moments I had? Turning pro at nationals and one of the deepest bodybuilding lineups ever until that point, like my birthday, like there's I remember glimpses winning my pro debut in Dallas in 2010. And it's like here. Yeah, and literally right the road. And then just getting in my head, I got in my own head. I'm my own worst enemy, especially when I was young. And then I'm like, man, I wonder if I still could because I do miss it. That's the one regret I have in life is not fulfilling as much as I could with myself. And I missed it because of how much fun it is. So I was like, hey, I'm going to get, you can, my blood worked on again, make sure everything looks good. Everything looks good. I might take another stab at this. See if the body could handle it, because I would love to do a show and be completely present, feel it all, and see if I could stand on the Olympia stage. Just because I never did qualified for it, didn't do it. What kind of asshole qualifies and doesn't do it? The one sitting across the street on asshole that thinks they're going to be back over and over and over. Because everyone tells you how fucking good you are. And it's one of those things that I tell a lot of young guys on my run with the opportunities. Don't get inside your head. So now I'm like, okay, let's just take some steps, little by little, and you've been doing that. So is there a one moment in the last two years that triggered that where you really just had a moment? I think it was recently. Yeah, it builds in my head, it built up before the Olympia this year I was like man, I was like the 60th Olympia sounds really cool. All that and I was like I never did it. I'm like turning 40. And obviously I still love posing. I just love body building. I love it. It's just in my blood. No matter how far I could try to run away from it, no matter how many fucking mountains I hike or whatever I can't get away from it. And I'm like run with it dude. See what you can do. See if you can do it. Like just now, be mindful. Just take the necessary steps. And then whenever I watched the Olympia, I was like, man, like Hannah and I watched it together. Adeline was watching it because of Seabumb. Like she's just like I want to see him because she got the meat him at the Pittsburgh and hang out. He recognized her and melted her entire life. And so we watched it and I was like man, that's like, that's the shit. I love that's my shit. I love it. So, yeah, that was kind of just it was like it was a moment when I said, I'm turning 40 and am I going to do something extravagant or not. I was like, I'm kind of an extravagant, exciting person. I guess you could say going after something big. So I'm going to try it again and just take those steps. And you've been discussing that on social. Even when you've been saying that you're taking the steps for those that haven't seen all of the details, what you've been talking about is just breaking it down. Yeah, I, you got to go about it. Like in 2020, before, let's just say in 2018, 2016 whenever I came back on a social media after my hiatus from 2012. And I was like, I'm just really four years later. Yeah. Well, I just appeared four years. I thought it was two or three, but you're right. I think when you really look at it, back at it, it was four. Yeah. Yeah. So for those of you that our listeners and don't know the history between me and Seth, Seth and I met in 2009 through a friend, a mutual friend named Bill Comstock. Bill Comstock was a photographer. He had seen Seth. Seth had just done his first bodybuilding show ever in a key. Yep. And you had won your class, but lost the overall. Yeah. And he had, Bill had it reached out to me and said, hey, honey, there's a kid. He's 23, 24 years old. And he just won his class, but I think he's got great shape. But if you can get in some conditioning, I think he'd be really good. Yeah. And Bill always had a good eye of obviously being a photographer in the bodybuilding world. And then he connected us and you were like, hey, I think I want to do the Pittsburgh Pittsburgh was my, I was from Pittsburgh. And I was like, this is the biggest amateur bodybuilding show on the East Coast. I'm in. Right. And so, you know, we told the story a couple times, but if you haven't heard it, we were talking, he would send over some pictures. I gave you a little bit of information. And then we were kind of going back and forth. And you're going to do the Pittsburgh. And I was going to be there anyways, because I was going to be there with Phil and Jay, because I was, you know, coaching Phil and Jay at the time. I think this is 2000 and what? Nine. Yeah. This is 2009 and you had just done the other show earlier about four weeks, four or five weeks before I ran. Right. It was like a month or two, whatever it was. And then you said to me, look, man, I'm an effing mess. And I go, what do you mean? And you're like, I can't keep my head straight. I don't know what I'm doing. No, no, I'm doing. I'm stressed out. I hold a ton of water. I look good. And then all of a sudden, I just become a bag of shit. But water buffalo. Yeah. And we used to call him to Tonka. It's to Tonka was the way that the Native Americans would call water bottle flow. And I got that from a very, very classic Kevin Costner movie. Yeah. To Tonka. Water bottle flow. What is that? Water bottle flow? And so, when I got there to Pittsburgh and you're like, I'm coming, you know, I need you to look at me. I'm like sure, you know, we're, and we were talking for like, again, the last three or four weeks before that show. And as I was helping you, Jay and Phil are like, who do you even go look at? Who do you have in the show? And I say, I got this kid. His name is Seth Frosty. And they're like, okay, we don't know who he is. Because nobody knew who you were. And they said, okay, well, you know, we're going to go out to dinner a couple of hours. And then I go over and I meet you in my room. Yeah. And after the day at the time was the holiday and those across the way from soldiers and sailors. Yeah. And you were all of what you said. I'm mess. I'm mess. Super watery. Everything just that that went sideways. And when we, I said, okay, first of all, you got to calm the fuck down because you, it was like, you're all over, like, yeah, like literally cracked out of your mind. I don't know, we want stems then. No, I think it was, no, it was, this was, remember, I didn't know shit about fuck, right? You know, I mean, I'd ever had a coach. I just lived like a bodybuilder. I just read the magazines, lifted the weights, ate the food, and did what I thought was the right thing to do. My friend Drew had helped me for the, for Kentucky, Kentucky, but you know, he's, he was just helping me. And then I get there and then you're like, ask me questions, I'm like, I got no clue what the fuck you're talking about. Right. We didn't have the lingo. You didn't know the definitions. No. And therefore, that's why I was like, and I'm taking Glenn Beater off for the first time. I'm like, I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do. Right. And then you were like, okay, calm down. Yeah, calm down. We're going to get the water off of your body. Yes. As much as we can. And I'm like, thank you. You made me feel better. Yeah. Like just basically. Yeah, just by saying those things, I'm going to help you get this off. I'm like, please do tell me what to do. Right. That's that super naive thing that's just like, you tell me what to do. I will do it. Right. And then we got the water off. Someone. Yeah. He got a lot of it off. Well, got a lot of it off. I felt it. Yeah. Yeah. You won. And then I won the Pittsburgh. Yeah. And then that was the exciting part because I think he also won the overall too. Yeah. I won the overall. Yeah. One of my light. One of my light. Have a way class. And then won the overall. And that's like, I want to do nationals. And you were like, hey, a lot of work to be done. I don't care. I don't care. Yeah. I do not care. And it was, it was, yeah. Then what, from May, there, because I really, I was good. Right. But it wasn't like jaw dropping. You're going to go to nationals and take it to the other place. No. Right. You were like, and then, uh, and then as it crept forward, it was like, yeah, I'm from May to November. Yeah. And back then, guys, that's where I got to nickname the pro creator because I had so many people that were treating pro. Yeah. And so what was happening was I already had like Tamerl Gundy. Yep. Getting ready for the USA. Yep. He had just won, but didn't get his pro card. Because at the time, not every person in their class got the pro card. Yep. And then Mark L. V. C. Mark L. V. C. Who I had who won the pro. One and got the pro card when they go overall. I don't know. So one of my guys. But then Tamerl said, I think I'm going to do nationals. And I'm like, okay, but you got several other people that are coming in. Yeah. And it wasn't you as much. I think he was worried about. He was more worried about Brandon Ray for sure. And he said, you know, Brandon's more like more 3D, but I come in better condition. But Brandon was roundlear, roundlear, arounder, arounder just more bubbly. Yeah. Yeah. Structurally. Yep. Incredible. And again, this is for the light heavy weights for the USA. So a lot of people who didn't get the pro card of the USA would just go straight to nationals. Yeah. And you didn't do the USA because we were trying to get you all dialed in to peak at the national. And everybody was pissed that we didn't do junior USA's or junior nationals. And you're like, no way to go to shut it down and get ready. That's right. Yeah. And he, you're like, well, I think this is going to be good too because it's the weekend of my birthday. Yeah. And I'm going to turn 25. And I'm all excited. And I'm like, okay, well, like, you know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I don't care. This is great for a movie. Right. And but at the end, it's just more about are you going to be mentally and physically ready. So as we were getting ready, all of the pressure of you saying, hey, like, you put on yourself and trying to learn the lingo, how to be able to train, be able to do all of those things, getting together, or being able to get a workout in, putting in those workouts, trying to create structure on your structure, was what was important. And then you fast forward to the show. I think it was in Miami that you're right. It was in Miami. Or a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. And then, um, I think it was you. And who else I have in that show was me, Tamer, Brandon, right. I don't know who else I think that I have. Super. I think I was that Billy or did he, no, no, he already turned pretty turn pro. Yeah, Bill one more return pro. Yeah. But I think you guys are the ones that were in the Kuklo was there. I didn't know if you were working with Kuklo at that time. No, Kuklo, King, uh, uh, the first time I worked with Kuklo was the USA's and he won the Super heavies and the overall the first time I worked with them. It's probably 10 or 11 then. Yeah, that was 11. And that's when Tamer eventually got his pro card because it was Kuklo and him and they both got their pro card. I don't know. I can't remember where we did the photo shoot at the USA's and it was 2011. Okay. And that's when Kuklo got his pro card and so the teamer eventually. Yeah. Because he won the USA twice. But the second time is when he got his pro card. Yeah. But um, but it was it was a good good class and you ended up coming on stage. Stubborn shredded. Stubborn. And I was back when I was working with Fuhua, Mr. Podcasting himself now. Yeah. Fuhua, obviously odd. The famous podcasting uh, a number of the team. He is who, he is who coined for Rosie shredder. He is. He is the guy who did it, which is funny. Just because even that show I remember going in the nationals and like you're like, hey, like it's gonna get a little ugly here at the end. And I'm like, yeah, yeah, whatever. You know, I'm like getting naive and just whatever. And uh, you're like, no, we have to get you to a point where your head doesn't not affect your body. Yeah. And I'm like, well, that's gonna take a lot. Second, well, that's what I'm thinking. And this is funny because back then there was no cell phones weren't what they are now. There was no social media. It was forums. That's where you saw everything that you checked the edge of your head. And also the hammer, and the hammer. And yeah, that was it. Yeah. So um, but I remember you saying that that's whenever I was like, okay, and I'll never forget to do in cardio. And uh, uh, as posing my dad was there. And he's like, he's like, hey, how do you feel? What I'm like? I feel good. He's like, do you? And I'm like, no, I feel like shit, dude, but I feel good about how I look. He's like, I look at the guys on those forums and they don't look like you. And I'm like, well, thanks, but they're pretty fucking good then. He's like, I don't know, because we were at this point like maybe 11 or 12 days out. Uh huh. It was peored. And uh, and you know, I've never done a real carb up. Yeah. I've never felt it. I didn't know anything about it. Yeah. So it was just a really cool process. And uh, and again, those are the things that I miss talking about these things and looking back at it. And it's because it's really, really hard. This sport is mentally brutal. It's mentally difficult. And off season, it's mentally difficult in a health phase. It's mentally difficult in a prep. It's like, what in the fuck is wrong with all of you guys loving this so much? And you're like, ah, that's why we all get along to some degree. That's why it's just it's their feelings that you cannot get anywhere else in life. Because it has a lot to do with you as an individual person. But then also having a coach, having people along for the ride, build the memories and the feelings and like your experience with me, my experience with you, my experience of myself, the people that were in the room, the, the, just all of it. It is, it's, what I love. And hearing about other people's stories as well, like whenever someone else is telling a story, I'm like, ah, yeah, that's just great. Like, because you're in the hotel room, like, everybody has the lighting or where they were the city, this or that, and it's leading up to it. And you're like, man, there is so much heart and passion and excitement coming out of you telling me this story that I just can't help but be like, love it. And I think that it goes along with other fans of sports and everything. But for us, his bodybuilding fans and part of the sport, it's, that's what's exciting. And that's really kind of why I'm like, kind of getting, getting dragged back into it because I think I'm like, man, as I could, it's, it is cool. It is fun. And I love the fact of inspiring people to go after something that they've never done. Because this is scary. I mean, going into do a show, like, it's, you're like, I don't know what to expect. People are nervous about it. Yeah. People like, what should I expect my first show to be like, whenever they DM me or say on a live or anything, I'm like, go have fun. Just go have fun. Work your ass off to get to that point, do everything you can, then go have fun, experience it all. Because you're going to meet so many cool people backstage that you're going to be like, I think I like this. It's hard to have fun when you're, you're a personality though. So yes, yes, it is. Well, especially because, again, I didn't do a very good job of it. No, no. And I think that that's why you going back is a tale of a different tale, right? Like, it's a, you're telling a story that stopped abruptly. Yeah. You are Derek, but not nearly as successful. He reminded me a lot of Derek when that was, when he, well, in that situation, having the pressure of it, right? But you didn't end up winning the two, 12 or even competing. Because back then it was the two or two, but I don't know those things. But the anxiety of, of going through it was very difficult for you. And what I mean, the whole thing about the Derek thing is that he had such a, you know, this crazy rise in the pressure kept building from two, 12 champion to second the Olympia, to winning the Olympia. And now, having to go back and try to defend again. I mean, there's just crazy amounts of pressure. Then you have social media now and you have sponsors and you have all these things you're trying to make happy and shock up exactly. And I just remember with you, it was kind of like, okay, we win the Pittsburgh. And then everyone was like, wow, this guy's really good. Is he doing junior nationals? Is he doing USA's? Is he going to wait a year? We do nationals. And you come and shred it, right? And you win. Are you even got some first place votes in the overall and you, you know, got, got to rest a soul. We're going up against Senator McMillan. He won. But like some of my guys, even this last Olympia, you had the conditioning. He had the size. Right. Yeah. And that's what happened. That's why you didn't win the overall, even though I still thought that, you know, it could have went your way. But it was, um, and then when we got ready for Dallas, that was your pro debut. And that was 2010, year. And when you look at it, and people saw the pictures, whether it was nationals, or you're coming up getting ready for Dallas, I was working with Philadelphia the time also. And he would just call me and he's like, just get me for rosy shred it. Like that level of conditioning. And I was sort of laughing and I'm going, and he would just be like, no, no, no, I'm serious. Like, what do we got to do? And I'm like, you kind of suffer. And you are willing to suffer because you were so determined. But even though you were determined, and again, you're, you're only 25. And you'd only competed in three shows. Yeah. You won your class in Kentucky. You went the overall in Pittsburgh a month later, a month or two later. Then you ended up five months getting your pro card. Now we're going for your pro debut. You win the Dallas pro, the 202. And again, this is before 2012 when the weight class limit was 202. And at that point, everybody was coming at you saying, you're the next dooringyates. Everybody was like, they, I was the next great white hype. Yep. I never heard the dooringyates thing until you brought it up to. Yeah. Yeah. That's what people would tell me. They're like, dude, he's like the Dexter because he's grainy. He's this. That's like, that's like, that's the thing. Like, going. And when I say during the eighths, I'm talking about like a 202 version. Obviously, it's not it's 250 on stage. Not the same. But just wanted to put it out there because people were putting so much pressure on you. Well, and then also being a young man that had no money. I was broke. I did anything to make ends meet. And I got whenever it was to win the, whenever I was going to Dallas, it was if you win your pro debut, all of your contracts double will pay you twice as much and give you a bonus. That's right. So I'm like, yes, right. I do not care what it takes. So that was the more added pressure in there that nobody saw at the time we could talk about now. But there's just, it was a lot. It was constant. So. And then from there after that, I qualified for the Olympia. Yes, you know, win the 202 and then the Mike. No, no, no, I, that's not my goal. I want to, I want to take you your off and put on size and I want to go to the open. And meanwhile, looking back, I'm like, you done son of a bitch over zealous. But that's what success can do to a person. Yes. It can start to go to your head. Yes. It can start to get to you and you think that like you're better, more special than you are. And it happens. I don't care who you are. If it's the first time you're tasting it, you're going to have it a little bit. You might have it a lot of it. You might have it whatever. And I was still, you know, grounded in my morals, but in my head of being like, I am fucking good. I'm going to get better. Look at me. I'm achieving these goals. I'm going to go more. But then there's so many other aspects of life. Your home life, your support system, all those things play a role. And in my head, I'm like, okay, here it goes. I got paid. I say, we'll make some real money. I'm 26 years, 25 years old. I was going to, I was making over $100,000 a year of mailbox money. There was no posting on the internet. No. It was just train and do shows. And you will get it check in the mail. And you're on the cover of magazines. Holy fuck are you serious? Yeah. Yeah. It was way different world. You know what I mean? There was no codes to be used. The only places you could buy supplements were certain online vendors and stores. Directed consumer wasn't even like a massive thing. No. So it was, um, there was mailbox money. And I just, I was like, all right, I made it to a certain degree. And I think that's really what bit me in the ass. It made it hard for me because trying to always balance out keeping not being the thief of joy. Sure. Like I can be. I'm sure everybody, every person I've ever worked with will tell you that because I'm always trying to keep being people humble, but still hungry. Yes. And it's weird because if you do not, if you're not able to recognize that, you can build up resentment towards you. Yeah. You begin to hate them on their fucker because exactly, but you got to be open to it. You got to understand what that actually is. I'm not here. Well, that's what happened with me in Dallas, Macarver. It happens with a lot of people. Yeah. It happened with me in Dallas because I wouldn't give him the runway that he wanted to go as big as he wanted and as fast as he wanted. And it became almost to the resentment portion of it where he didn't, he's like, you're going to hold me back. And then he died two years later. And that's a whole different, you know, in a cast. But it was very similar actually because you just reminded me of that because I have the ability to make people very, very anxious when I say you need to slow down or you need to take a little more time. You're not looking to tell people good job. No. You don't do a good job of that. No, I don't. You look at people and say, this is how you need to do this. I mean, that's a compliment. Yeah. Like your compliments sometimes feel like derogatory statements to people because you're like, you need to work on this. Oh, so that sucks. No, no, no, no, it's not what it could be. You're working hard. But you don't say those things, but it's like if you aren't able to choke those things in, whenever you're telling me, hey, dude, you got to work on this. Like, look at you. You're not doing this. And I'm not saying you suck, but you're better with this. You need to work on this. If you don't work on this, you're not going to be better than you are right now. Right. And if you can't take that constructive criticism and you need your ego and you need something to blow you literally like to say how amazing you are, you could look at me and say, hey, he's the outlier. I don't want to hear what he has to say because everybody else is telling me how great I am. And I'm sitting here and saying how you can be better because I'm here to find your flaws and make them no longer your flaws and how to build your strengths. It's hard. It is hard. It's difficult. And that's why whenever people talk about coaches and bring in someone under their team and their support system and what it is, it's like that's what makes a, that's what makes it difficult because sometimes the coaching philosophy doesn't work for some people. Like, yeah, they're not coachable. They're not coachable. They're not coachable or that it doesn't, it's not a conducive environment because they cannot understand the way of coaching or do things. And it's, and it's something that even being a parent, you know, being a parent, like I'm not, I'm not looking to be my child's best friend. I'm not here to be your best friend. I'm here to be your dad. Well, same thing as being a boss. Yes. I'm here. What you do in the decisions you make is a leader for a company. Okay, you have your company I have mine. You have to make hard decisions. And it doesn't mean it's that you're trying to be the best friend of an employee. You're trying to do what's best for everyone to make the right decisions for the company. And it's not going to be conducive of just making sure that everyone is super happy. I feel good every day. Yeah. You're like, man, this is what I got to do today. Yeah. This sucks. Right. You know, but at that same time, if your goal, if your heart is in the right space of this is who I am, my goal is to make things get people better, challenge people. Because I think that challenging someone is like the one of the coolest things in the world, to get someone to be better than they were yesterday or better than they thought they could be. Because you did that to me. My dad did that to me. I didn't understand what was occurring at the time. And now looking back at it, I'm like, it's right in front of my face. It was happening the whole time. I was just kind of bucking the system because of my own personality at that time that I couldn't absorb all the information it was going on. And then that's how you can fall into a rut, fail or lose and then think the world's ending like I did whenever it's like, no, you learn so much when you mess up. You learn so much when you don't win. And just because you lost today does not mean you lose forever. And just because everyone sees this win or sees this loss doesn't mean it's like the extreme of each side. Like there's always tomorrow. Just because you win today, I tell this to my kids all the time. Just because you win today does not mean you stop working tomorrow. Just because you lost today does not mean you can't win in the future. It's such a simple concept, but I didn't have it in my head. That's why I'm so confident in saying it. What's up guys? I'm here with Hottie Chopin 2022, Mr. Olympia, 2024 Arnold Classic Champion. And I'm here to tell you that we are having an amazing FST 7 leg day. And if you want to see any of my workouts including in the leg day just like this, check it out at the FST 7 app. Go ahead and use code. Finish strong for your first month for only a dollar. Check it out. Like Emmy is my my 10 year old daughter phenomenal gymnast. Yeah. This kid is one state's every single year she's competed in states four straight years now four or five she went states every year. Every year all around its states like that's unbelievable. And it's like I'm like okay I just have to continue to let her know. Win or lose you keep working. Your goal is not just to win states here at level 7. Your goal is to continue to get better and push yourself to get to the next. Even if you take third place it's not the end of the world. But somehow she's able to just compete at this high level and blank her mind out and perform under pressure in all these things and I'm like man you're 10 years old. I couldn't even do that when I was 25. Mother fucker. But it's cool it's it's um it's just as I've gotten older you just the old and wise thing is real. It is it's a thing and it is in uh I don't know it's it's exciting it's fun. It would just kind of push in me continue to push me and endeavors in life. You feel like you're getting all your 40s it has not I'm about to turn 50 a couple weeks. Yeah you look really good for 50 though. You don't know man you look really good for 50. You look better once I get the stress anymore further. You know how do you felt have you felt personally like this to come down from announcing a retirement you know I felt a lot of things. The first thing was when I decided to finally announce it I was in Prague with Chris and I told them we were in living room with the house that he'd rented for the event and I said I think I'm ready about I think I'm ready to announce. He says you sure and I was like yeah I've been thinking about it for a long time and I mean he obviously knew and it is a pretty I don't want to say it's a pretty difficult decision it was probably the the hardest decision I ever made because I know I have one. I know there's more Olympian wins I can you know be a part of I know there's more goals and aspirations for athletes that I can turn around and be able to be a part of their journey. It's something that's really really special to me because it's been my whole identity for the whole adult life but I also felt like it's taken away a lot and I feel like I have so many other things I want to share with everybody and I know that as I only have one child you have several and knowing that Cameron was looking for me to finally be able to connect with him at some point and the me saying okay I can connect with him and I say connect guys I don't know if anybody can actually you know really understand what I mean by this unless you have a child but to be emotionally present is very very difficult and when you're someone like me who is constantly be thinking I could be here in the office and I'm thinking about haughty or Derek or Chris or any of the things that in this constant when I'm doing the preps it's not something where I have to just be on the phone with him and I turn it off and I heard other coaches mention that where they say oh you can just spend 20 minutes and then you go to the next person do that that's not me but it's never been because I obsess you know I'm thinking about their training I mean when I was working with you I would hit you up and be like bro I think you should be able to do your triceps this way I think we need to work on your rice I was at Brachialis because I saw your picture and it was we had a rate checked in a day or two and then I'm just calling you and saying by the way I've been thinking more I went back and looked at the pictures again I want you to work on your bicep with I want you to work to hammer curls I want you to do this this and this but we had just done an update but it didn't matter I'll just call you and just say we need to do this and this is one of the reasons why I wasn't able to really like scale my coaching right like oh I 50 hundred client and nothing like that right it was always a handful or you know just about that and I just wanted to always wanted to say don't regret a situation that you could change now later yeah because there's one thing that you can't go back and do and that's get time back and so I wanted to be able to say hey look if I want to have my summer with my child he's on break and not worry about having to fly somewhere to prep somebody for a show to qualify for the Olympia or go to a particular event I want to be able to decide that and I always felt like I couldn't especially during Olympia week you know 12 weeks for sure so do you think I will say this like from the outside looking in knowing you like you just explaining that that's why again people have a hard time because after we just had a check and you're like hey I think you should work on this to hear like what again that's that's what makes you great and when when you know with looking at from the outside in like Cameron's very involved in everything you do like we were talking the other night you were like that kid could probably prep someone for a show yeah he looks at somebody and he knows because he's been around the best in the world watching you work and even though even though you weren't emotionally present with him he was very emotionally present with you soaking in how you handle your guys soaking in how much love and attention you're giving them and you guys you fairness and cam having a relationship well enough she is not saying he's always with them he's always with them it's not that he's always with them and it's not time with you it's what dad does that's how he works this is what he does this is his craft this is how good he is he is the best at it man is that what a what a thing for for a young man like you're sending look up to so even though you might not have been emotionally present over the years and you wish you were more but I think him you know just hearing all the stories about him I think he's very emotionally present whenever he gets to watch you work because he looks up to you a tremendous amount for sure and I think you saying that I want to spend more time I'd like to give that attention I gave to those men to my son you can only make a better child out of that you can only be that much more of more of an effective dad like that saying it's time for me to do this because if you put that attention in him really great things are probably going to occur as well so I think that just hearing about him especially as demeanor from you and other people like he's definitely he definitely appreciates you yeah you know yeah I do think I'm as hero and but I do also think that it's one of those things where building those memories together we were just a win-wistler right yeah and he went skiing for the first time and he was able to really enjoy it we went to the gym we went to the in Vancouver we were over at Ron's gym so shut out to him and his crew out there awesome so hospitable up there in Vancouver the guys the athletes the Canadians yeah they're awesome man you know I don't know I think we're gonna they're gonna be our 51st date from when I heard because Trump said I did something I was like I'm gonna be able to go up here no worries yeah and but I'll not it was an amazing trip because I wasn't stressed about it so to answer your question I want to just be there and not have to sit there and check my phone to see if someone his injury something is going on with somebody I want to be present and this was the first time probably ever where I got to spend time with fairness and cam and it was literally just us and there was no meltdowns going on there's no hey what should we do what's going on what we said like was it a wild feeling it is yeah it's it's it's a new feeling it's a very new feeling because you have to reprogram yeah you have to reprogram right and the first time you probably like I don't this was different I like this but do I exactly exactly like I used to I used to you know joke about it with Sebum and be like well you don't even seem stressed out and he would be like well I don't need to be stressed out you stressed out for me just like that's very true right you know and it's such a true thing but now I don't have to stress out about those things that I would obsess about yeah and that's where you don't realize the toll and like I said me getting ready to turn 50 and me being able to now sit down and say let me take a deep breath and enjoy all of these things and um like it was really hard dude yeah yeah I mean that's what I mean it's the first time you're just oh I'm not going to check my phone it's what a great idea what a great concept but whenever it's been your life your life for not like a year or two or five but decades decades my whole adult life it's yeah so I mean it you should now it's your phone it's super convenient but it used to be emails used to be getting a uh a file of pictures that were taken on a shitty camera and being like hey you need to get better lighting yeah that might be another day right you know I mean so it's like now I can only imagine this new feeling will be like I'm gonna have a nice week with my family and not check my phone and you're like yeah deep breaths you know of course says men we keep a cool on surface yeah but inside our heads there's probably like a okay I'm done yeah it's got to be new cool exciting but difficult at at that same time like the reprogramming's gonna take time I imagine a lot of time I think yeah it's gonna be very different I mean think about it even when you stopped right and you stopped it went haywire for a couple of shows you know after you and I stop working together and it kind of like yeah all that shit happened yeah and then it's like you're trying to figure out your next move right what am I next remove and you're and at that point you you're going through it there's there's different levels to this and the level for me was the fact that I am I know there's so much left in the tank but I also know is the juice worth the squeeze and I'm seeing they're going no not for me anymore and right at least not right now while my son needs me to be there could things change down there are absolutely never you never know especially as a coach it's not like I have to worry about like my knees and my blower back and this and that you know yeah it's not it's not that a little different for you because that's what you have to think about I think but but again like you said like as we've gotten older you can't don't ever say never right don't do that yeah you do that like just in general for the population don't say it right because then you're going to catch yourself because you never know like it things change things change in life where it might put you in a position for to do that again like all the sudden like you might you might spend all this time grow your business but I put all this attention this extra attention you had splitting it up to some of the business at home more present like all this did five years later you might be like man I have changed my life I really do you see that nice that new young kid that came out or you might see some kid at the gym one day or somewhere when you travel there might be like hey you know honey sons and college yeah he's doing this there's just young kid I think he'd work really well with them this kid's there this kid's that it might occur yeah so that's why I like never saying never but it it'd be at a time whenever you're like bring it on yeah might feel good it might just be a thing with you know one guy might be a couple and I don't know I think that a lot of the internet today like everybody assumes things are always black and white absolutely everybody wants absolute right and it's like no no come to bricks and like with this with me like people like oh when you come and back I'm like guys right guys I had five year high eight is a bodybuilding training right I'm just testing the waters again I'm having fun I'm doing this because I want to because I want to see if I still got it because I'd love to do it and if it all pans out you're gonna see me go but if something happens like I use the analogy in case you didn't want to get to video whenever you and I were talking you're like hey Seth you're like an old muscle car like oh and I like old muscle cars you're like your not a young sports car you're not you're not a brand new one they just came off the line you are not you're an old muscle car and that old muscle car can still rip they can still rip but every couple laps got checked at dipstick every couple laps got to go check and make sure everything's good on you got to do it once or you might have to do a thorough check but along the way something might blow dude everything might be going perfect and something might happen yeah an injury can occur uh something in life can fuck it all up all these different things can happen oh man what a great analogy because that's how in my head I've been like step-by-step let's see if these let's see if the super supplements can do what they still do does my body still respond is it still there okay let's let's make sure they get set in and the next let's start pushing some food let's start pushing some weight let's start seeing how my body adjust to what we were discussing in the gym Seth you're doing great with training but you're not putting on you're not putting a serious load on your muscles yeah you got it you got you got to thicken up yep go to work on the density it's like okay that's the next step so people that are getting excited like when's the show what I'm like guys yeah first step next would be to make sure everything after this uh get the blood worked on take a look shut it down check it do once over the car yeah and then do an off-season really work on the density really work on the thickness really work on everything and again just keep taking laps keep checking the oil keep checking everything and then go from there and but it's you know the absolute sub-itter people like you should do you should do this show to my guys I'm not we're not there yet we're not there yet I don't I want to make sure that it responds the way I want to and what I want to achieve is the fun the the fun I want to make sure that I live every step present every step as I go through it and and make sure that you know the fans and everybody on YouTube watches something and watch as something evolve the good the bad the potential really ugly right but you have to put yourself out there for it and you have to be mindful and aware that something might go wrong something might go really great if it goes really great it's not going to be fucking pumped right but if something goes wrong you just had to be like yeah that's just how it goes yeah but today like everybody only likes to look at the positives or the false severe negatives yeah the ride joy the ride the journey the excitement the fun and and that's where that's my you know positive outlook on so many things and why I love watching other people's YouTube videos or I love watching something or seeing someone's journey or paying attention to their stories and being like oh man he's in the shit like leaving into the Olympia yeah you're seeing it occur with people yeah this is awesome and that's the exciting part from a fan standpoint you know I I think that's the biggest thing is you're still a fan you've always been a very big fan and you're still a fan and I think that's what makes you really want to continue the the ride and and I think just to sum up kind of what you were saying Pia so many people look at absolute of winning and losing they don't understand the lesson in between the lesson in between made you a millionaire yeah right and it did and it was not fucking easy no it was scary it's really hard it's still scary to this day right I still find myself doing stupid crazy fucked up shit like this right still go and after trying to do something bigger with a company bring this on do that yeah you went and started the clothing line and then on you expanded on it with subs but the reason why I want to bring this up is that people don't understand because when you speak in absolute it's very black and white when it comes to certain things that's why I call it the treat podcast right it's always people want to just say this is the pure yes or no nature of life and they don't understand that you have to pull out those aspects of the journey that are going to be learning lessons to help you grow and become a better human being to become a better father to become a better leader to become an entrepreneur a businessman any of those things and I don't feel people really understand how powerful that is because as you told me the night when we were talking the amount of things that you learned from the process of us working together is what helps you be able to go to the next level with being able to win off the stage yeah so it was like a blessing and a curse and I feel that's one of the reasons why you kind of want to come back because now that you've won it life you've got a great family you're you have a great business and then you go well you know what I have some unfinished business on stage that now I don't have to think about whether or not I'm going to have food on my table yeah whether I win or lose if I decided to do a show honey yeah right and that's something that's super powerful because most people that are 25 years old have to worry about that yeah because they don't have the shit together no especially ones that want to become a professional body builder and have a contract with the supplement company a clothing company or anything else but right now last time I checked the guy that runs your company isn't going to cut you if you don't win the show no and that's in it's the truth it sits there's like you said I have I have I have said it multiple times but I have every single thing a grown man could ever ask for you know you mean yeah like what more what more could you ask for out of life I'm pretty this is pretty significant an awesome as it is it's also incredibly if I would have gave you a book a folder blank sheets and a pen and said I want you to screenplay right screenplay of your own life do you think you would have been anywhere close to where you're at now no no if you gave it to me when I was 18 19 20 years old I'd have been single maybe had a girlfriend no kids um pro body builder traveling the world traveling the world just competing soaking it up um I don't know that's that was how I that's how I viewed myself that was just it and then um you know I got my x-wife I got my girlfriend at the time x-wife now pregnant when I was 22 years old in college yep that changed everything you know you mean it just I I made I made as many mistakes a grown man could make I made him so it's like I have you know all this really nice like I said I got everything a grown man could ever ask for however I'm also my personality is wild crazy kind of fucked up and I will do off the wall shit just to see how it feels just to see what it does um and in in 22 when I was 22 years old I got my girlfriend pregnant that's where Adeline my 17 year old comes from I'm 40 she's 17 right I was 22 I turned 23 couple you know a few weeks after she was born and it's like man I remember I was in diapers running around yeah we're so I mean and it's it's these things that you know that was something that all right my life changed so that script or that folder we were talking about yeah that one's out to windows so now is my life over no no no no no no no I want to keep going I want to keep trying but now I got a how I'm going to work harder is now I got to feed this kid because I remember telling my dad you know I was like hey dad I got my girlfriend pregnant he's like oh okay I'm like you don't seem mad and he's like what's there to be mad about nobody's dying you're bringing a life into the world now you got to become a man I was like I thought I was already a man you know in my head I'm thinking this right and but then I kind of like I didn't say anything and I was like yeah I was just looking out of him like okay you know this feeling because he when he was 19 he had my oldest sister but you know back then you know in the in the 70s it was like you had kids when you were you know late teens early 20s and you just worked right shut the fuck up so it kind of like that was where it's said in but you know from there I was like okay this is a surprise I'm a stake you can call whatever the fuck you want to call it was what it is so in that helped build you know my mentality and at that time I was you know my ex and myself at that time we're making some bad decisions partying a lot into drugs we were at college just living it up that's kind of how you have a kid right you know so me I'm doing recreational drugs I'm you know taking gear to get huge but then just being a wild man because you're in college you do those things when you're young right and and that kind of led me down the path of the mayhem to follow but um no I wouldn't say I would be where I am if you gave me that folder then and then at that point at 22 I'd know clue I just know I wanted to be a bodybuilder and I was like I'm gonna do anything possible to get there so yeah do you feel that when you as a partying and just let me know if you don't want to talk about this but this is something that obviously comes to mind when I was coming into the room and you guys are still together E-Rex look very sickly yeah it never stopped for her that would happen that was the hard part the hard part is like the life aspect of it all like I made those videos steroids drugs and life and like I said I'm I've lived a wild life people look at me now and they're like oh my god Seth you have a beautiful family three kids all this stuff you have money yeah nice cars but at that point like back then I you know stopped parting a lot I was like hey I got a graduate college and get a real job my dad looked at me and told me I had to be a man 22 years old and I'm not a man right so so I stopped and she'd stopped to some degree you know had the baby everything was good Adlands healthy wonderful child born but then like you know you have to change who you are to some degree you're no longer you're not a parent yeah but we're still in college I'm still in college with a kid buck I graduated so there was still that knows outside you guys in stop you hasn't just say hey look we're having a kid I better stop so she guys both were still in college oh yeah yeah we both still in college there and I graduated in 08 oh 8 I graduated because she was born in 07 graduated in 08 and then moved to Cincinnati and at that time you know we weren't we weren't partying crazy nothing like that but there was still there's times whenever you know she'd go in partying I mean like I'd say you know you're still young we're still 23 years old still doing dumb shit and me I'm like I want to be a bodybuilder so I directed all my attention towards that and that was my outlet because I've told I tell people still to this day like lifting weights keeps me on a trouble right like if I don't lift weights and do something physical I will find trouble yeah you told me that too when I met you you said look I was a big partier yeah and the only reason one of the major reasons I don't partying anymore is because I focus on bodybuilding keeps me out of trouble right it's not a joke like whenever people say they use the gym to fight fucking demons yeah and it's some stoic fucking quote for all these young people to say in that like there are people like if that is your outlet stay there stay in the gym because I'll find drug I'll find fucking problems and drugs, alcohol women all those things that was like just how it worked and that's I think common for a lot of bodybuilders because recreational drugs fall right in hand with it but they will fuck your life up and they did to me and whenever we got out we got out of college and it was here and there but then the intensity of life kids money life in general got the best of her and she knew that I wasn't into it anymore and then it turned in from like I did a bunch of cocaine in college like that was my drug at choice superman drugs anything that made me feel like I was invincible I was into and I started the opposite we went and trained two hours ago and you're like dude give me your nons to him give me three weeks I do not want a coffee at all not even like a scoop in a scoop and mix it together and you're like no no zero give me no coffee I have one cup of coffee in the morning yeah yeah and that's it let's wait you said you said I have a one cup of coffee in the morning and that's it and when I yeah but it's so going through it and then like there's times you know you it's tough and she hit it from me and then there were times whenever I was like I know it's going on and I'm like fuck I'm wrapped up in bodybuilding as it but it's okay it's okay it's not that bad it's not that bad it's not that bad it's not that bad I just kept saying it's not that bad because I didn't want to deal with the problem because it was affecting my life and my life was I need to win this fucking show to make money I remember and then in 2012 before Toronto Toronto was a shit prep my head wasn't in it and I was a mess didn't know what I was doing because home life was also a problem yeah so I'm in my own head and then everything going on and before we left for Toronto probably about two and a half two to three weeks out I found a bag of percussive 30s or little blue pills I found a bag of them and I was like oh no this this is a way bigger problem than I thought it was it completely floored me and I'm like fuck me dude this is where all the money's going this is this is a big problem that's a lot like it's not a few to fucking bag and then that's why after Toronto me taking six place fall in a part everything being a mess and seeing what you saw and being like man that's you even said to me they're like hey is everything okay and I'm like oh yeah I think I don't know like I just blew it off you did you did I mean because who wants to admit there's something wrong that you can't control right and I think that the pressure between dealing with your home life but also dealing the pressure of saying I'm gonna skip out on the Olympia that I qualified for in the 208 uh 202 and then I'm gonna go do open because I want to go and I need to be able to take on even more pressure and more because I am gonna lift this weight on my shoulders and I had you and Bill Lillmore in the show and I remember I'm like wow just not getting as shredded as you know they do yeah and I was like what's going on you're like no dude I'm doing everything we need to do and and everything else but it wasn't working and it turned out obviously and I'll let you kind of talk about it but it was I was Mike Ela they called me yeah you're a workout partner yeah you know and he said look man congratulations to you honey Bill my you know other client that you did the show with you one and then you play sixth and everybody's very disappointed because they're like wow what happened why was this conditioning right what was going on and I'm like I don't know I don't know what went wrong I didn't you know figured out and he's like I just want to let you know he was eating after the after the workouts peanut butter and jelly sandwiches rice cakes rice cakes what and and he said you're drinking a bunch of glyco yeah too much too much like oh right and obviously we would you like to check all the time we don't use it times but you were afraid of being small I was afraid of being small right and I think the pressure about all right that pressure it was one of those things where you're just like do you feel like you were you almost self sabotaged at that point yeah in regards to yeah because that was compensating got you you're compensating for it and that's something that people don't you know they think they like to understand about addiction and things like that when it's in your life whenever you have someone in your life like that especially you know you're your wife at the time yeah the person you're sleeping next to and you're like you start to compensate for anything you can do in life to make you feel better and that's how relationships get worse because you start looking for other avenues to make you personally happy and what is make me personally happy the gym being huge and jacked and jammed sauce out of your mind but then also like the pressure of being like well I'm going to the open now I can't be small I can't be small so there's just so many and being a young man at that time there was just so many things that I had no guidance of what to do because I was also hiding those facts that are going on in my life yes first time I'm even out of all these years that you told me the purpose of that story there's no but because nobody you know no he's proud of the situation and it doesn't feel good to talk about and who wants to say you can't control something in your life whenever you're a big bad fucking bodybuilder or an alpha male or whatever you want to say it's those things happen in life and they will eat you the fuck alive so whenever like with like you said self-sabotage you'll find things that will just you'll do anything to compensate for this hard part of life right so after Toronto that's whenever it was just a fucking complete mess and that's how you and I fell apart our relationship ended because you were like hey I don't think everything's cool with you and I never I was like fuck you I was like this is bullshit because I wasn't willing to step up and admit that there was more shit than I could handle going on in my life right so I was like I just looked to point the finger at anybody but myself whenever it was like it was like I can I will do anything to point the finger at someone this is it's it's you it's you it's this it wasn't this because I'm trying to protect my home and not say that my wife at the time has a severe problem that I can't control and I should be taking the time to fix it and then it was the demise of 2012 and then just fell apart completely at the Sarah Soda show my body failed because I was taken as many drugs as possible to compensate for it drop back down to the 2012 blackman was like if you don't win this you're fired I lost he fired me lost a 50,000 50,000 or $1,000 contract overnight and I'm like oh my god it's all happening it's happening I'm losing everything I was king of the world six months ago now it's all gone and I and not only was it all gone I couldn't even control my home life it was a nightmare it was terrifying and there was nobody there and I didn't I didn't talk to anybody about it because who's going to say hey I got this going on in life which I do and they're not going to have any experience they're just going to then criticize you and talk shit on the public and tell everybody oh Seth's wife does this Seth's this Seth's this and I'm like my holy crap you don't know what to do and it's it's it's terrifying and at that point that's whenever I was like fuck it I'm out checking out dude this is not for me I need to fix what I have going on at home and I need to get out so I think it was like a month later I called muscle tech I called Andrew Garvin from muscle tech and I was like hey that's like I'm done is like what do you mean it's a mouth I'm not bodybuilding anymore he's like let's take a step back here no we're not we we love you but I'm done and he's like Seth he's like I think you're acting rationally I was like I don't want to take your money anymore and they're like you're going to keep taking our money because we're going to have another conversation in a couple months okay I'm like I don't want it no he's like I'm not you're going to keep getting a check I was like okay but I'm not doing anything and then two months later he called me and I was like I still don't want to do anything he's like let's give it till the beginning of the year I'm like dude it's it's October I'm not doing anything next year nope two months three months January he called me and he said how do you feel I was like I'm not I'm not competing I'm not doing this and I was like I'm taking your money he's like okay he's like I'm good with that but we'd love to keep you I was just mesmerized at that point that's that as many shit stories as there is about muscle tech they were like behind me the whole time and whenever I did whenever in Toronto whenever that did happen even though I was super pissed off Dexter Jackson, Kai Green they were there and they had a lot of really nice things to say to call me down I was at one time I had a real conversation with Kai which was pretty wild because that's something that I never thought would happen but it was like man cool but after that like that's whenever I was like in 2012 I was like I'm out I disappeared you know people thought I fucking die you know people thought they didn't know what happened they thought I killed you yeah they thought you killed me that was something that we talked about in 2015 and my hey how you do and you're like you're alive yeah what are you doing they're like yeah the stories on the internet were like yeah he's got permanent organ damage that's why he can't compete he has this he has that honey gave him a messed up protocol or whatever it was and it was just crazy because I knew you were going through shit because I was hearing it through Mike and through some people that were close to you and they were like dude he's going through a lot of shit but he's just got to get through the other side yeah and and from that and then you know whenever I stopped so 2013 you know I went got a real job I did anything I could to find a job I had a safety degree I had I started a landscape company because I couldn't find a job and safety because I had no experience I had a degree but I had body voting experience so I got a degree no job what even do in the past few years body building what a fuck should I hire you right so I started landscape company just started doing manual labor I was cutting grass building versus lock walls you you name it I was doing it just hard work and mother fucker and and I just turned everything out and in that time I was at home trying to fix anything I was just putting my life back together spending more time with with my exit the time to help her but what's crazy about addiction is you can't help somebody don't want their own help don't want their own help you can't help you can't help them and then you know I did the the other dumb fucking thing have another kid to try and fix your problems did that and that was Emmy was born in 2014 so again what the fuck are you doing you think having a kid's gonna fix your problems it's gonna cause more nope but as a young man just compensated yes you'll do anything and this is something that's very common in today is that's why people will buy a dog whenever they just break up yeah I had a kid you dickhead and along that there was some problems that happened along in that route it's pretty touchy but it it sucked that it wasn't it wasn't good it was it was ugly and not fun so it never stopped I thought it did she got better at hiding it and then in 2020 so Emmy was born in 2015 2014 I got a job as a safety consultant so I got a job making really good money I was making started out at 55 and then went to 75 and then went to 95 you know I mean I was jumping I was just because I was just hustling as a consultant I traveled all over and I was just meeting all kind of awesome people in the industry of construction oil and gas manufacturing production my kind of people like Western PA ignorant hardworking motherfuckers and I loved it but at that same time I started realizing that I can't fix what's going on at home and I really miss being me I miss the love of body building and I was like I'm going to start lifting weights again I'm going to I need to start taking care of myself and I don't know what's happening at home it seems okay it doesn't seem okay and so then I started lifting weights I got back on a small protocol and I was like and I feel good again and then Jason huh hit me up and he's like hey how you do it I'm like and I haven't heard from you in years and he's like I was just calling you because I think the industry misses you like what do you mean it's like the industry misses you it needs you and I'm like what the fuck was so great about me he's like just good dude man you're you're open good dude it's like cool now I'm good I'm just lifting weights now I just started taking a little test again and then a couple weeks later he called me again he's like I think you should come back after having the conversation you're lifting weights again he's like have you been on Instagram like no I don't have an Instagram he's like dude you got to check it out it's awesome I think I don't know what that is I don't know if it's a good idea and a long story short with that that was the process of me looking at Instagram what Jason was doing when I was like hey I might come back I was like but if I do I want to own everything I ever touch I want to make the money I don't want everybody to cut me ever again so that's where the All-American Roughneck brand came from yeah it was driving around as a consultant thinking about man if I came back I should have some t-shirts and some hats and I'd come back as me this fucking ignorant hard work and dickhead that just loves working out and loves intensity in life and the blue color aspect of me it's like here's my boots that I wear every day and all this silly shit and just be yourself unapologetically just be you and I was like yeah so that concept was formed but at home things weren't the greatest still and I came back on this or me and you in 2015 I was like but if I come back in here I'm going to make a couple phone calls you were one of them the phone call to you would be like hey I'm really sorry I fucked up you're like dude you have no idea what has been occurring and so you were going now and what people said about me I was like dude I I apologize I was like I'm I'll make sure I tell people and you said please do yeah you need to tell people the real story and I was like I have no problem because at this time I was much more self-confident in myself to say I fucked up because it's okay to make mistakes you just have to own up to them and grow which most people don't like to do especially body builders because it's they're so egotistical yeah and they're such narcissists sorry guys but you are but it's true it's okay as long as you're self aware and then the scary part that happened after that coming back everything all American roughneck it has grown into a tremendous brand so millions of dollars worth of clothes it's cool and all this and build acts and sledge but in 2016 is whenever the demise of my home life occurred that's whenever it all fell apart I spent all of my money trying to fix this woman I spent over fifty thousand dollars when I was 31 years old started these companies I had five thousand dollars to my name and 2200 of it was to start at all American roughneck 2200 dollars started that company me and Bob and it turned into a multimillion dollar brand and all that money was spent on rehabs and clinics and going to all of these different things and just trying to figure out like what the health what to do and what I realized was that you can't help somebody that doesn't want to help themselves and it got continuously worse because whenever she finally went into a rehab she went in and came out and was more experienced that's why I disagree with rehabs like if you don't go to a top rated good rehab I think that you're just going to go become more educated on how to do drugs really yes how do you mean by that like how like educated more on how to do drugs how connections it's a networking system wow think about it you're going into a rehab say it's not a top accredited like like we're we produce results here if you put your significant other or someone that you care about you should put them in a rehab that has that produces results if they do not produce results do not put them in there because they're just coming out of more educated and networked in networked with a bunch of other people that are basically maybe going in just a cell and find people that they're going to find clients they're going in because it was state they they had to they were either going to prison or rehab and they chose rehab prison or rehab which one you want to do I'll go to rehab okay either not fixing themselves or just doing 30 days there just to get the fuck out of jail so they don't go to jail got it and that's what happens so whenever she came out she was just that much more networked because it was like everything was she came out of rehab everything was great color gained weight all these things and then two weeks later I was like huh that oh no oh no this isn't happening again but it was happening in a way that never happened before because there's always things whenever someone takes drugs you can tell that if they're not eating if there's certain tell signs they're pupils in this and that but the next one she was doing the next drug I was like man she's still eating I was like you're still eating usually whenever you would do pills you're it's not pills you stop eating wouldn't eat but this one she was still eating and I was like I knew she was fucked up she went in just doing pills and then came out more networked and got soaked into the system even more and she started doing heroin oh wow and that's whenever I was like okay life is real and that was in 2016 and 2017 so and whenever finally everything stopped was I realized it was heroin because I started finding it all over my house because she was really good at hiding it whenever I found heroin in my kids laundry I don't do laundry that's a one thing I don't do so she knew that she could hide it there and I'd never find it and then I was searching because I was like something's not right dude I got to find it I got to find what the fuck is going on and I found the paraphernalia in the kids laundry and I'm like oh Seth you have a real problem yeah this is a problem oh okay holy shit and that's whenever I was like there's no fixing this there's no turning back this is where this is the drug that you don't turn back from nobody comes back from this you don't and I was like okay here it is I don't know what I'm gonna do and at that point that's whenever I was like I started talking to people about what's gonna happen or how do I how do I how do I how do I get this out of my life and then she ended up getting caught with a bunch wow and then arrested and that's whenever I was like I'm done it's all over it's over and I was able to get custody the kids full custody the kids and I was able to start to move on with my life it took a lot but I was like it was just whenever those things happen you just don't know what to do and the days are wild and there's so many fucked up horrible stories in between but my whole slogan in life the hard work and mother fucker and I don't have problems just more work to do that's whenever I learned what a problem was like my dad whenever I got her pregnant my dad was like nobody's died right just become a man and whenever that occurred I was like I realized I had a problem because it had a potential of harming my children and I'm like oh my god that's a real problem that's a fucking problem yeah and that's whenever I was like I have to take the necessary steps to make sure nothing happens and it's because at that point when you have a problem in your life you don't care if it's Monday you don't care if it's Sunday and the Sunday scary's you don't care if you're like oh my god I got to I got to go to work today for 12 hours bitch give me a 12 hour work day please brutalize me for 12 hours I would love that to not have this feeling I have right now and I gained a lot of perspective later on going through that because now whenever I see someone going through something that I've never gone through I've empathy because I'm like you wish you had a 12 hour work day right and I think that those those things of experiencing those things in life have put me in the position I am today because that's why I'm not really afraid of too many things I'm like man I don't have problems it's just work so I got to go to work today is it going to suck sure it's going to suck but whenever you have something like that in your life go on you're like I don't know what to do I have no clue what to do and it's it's why now I have like not a lot of people know those stories about myself because Hannah and I've been together for seven years we have a Sunday together that girls they they're wonderful they're great in every way shape and form their healthy they're beautiful they're smart they're intelligent they're crazy good at gymnastics and all these wonderful things so a lot of outsiders that see us for the first time we're like look at this beautiful American family right he owns a company and he has all this and I'm like hey eight years ago not eight eight years ago I didn't have this yeah eight years ago I didn't have any of this I was in a completely different spot and it was gut wrenching it's horrible and I think that those adverse things literally build me into who I am today because and why I'm very positive and why don't like talking a lot of shit about people yeah because whenever you see somebody that's in a bad spot or going through something you're like how know what you're going through yeah if you want to talk to just give me a call sure I'll set up all night because there were a few people that during that time Dave Murray is one of them anytime I saw that guy he's from my gym he'd pull me in make sure I was good to shoot the shit with me and I'm like man like there's certain people that aren't even in your circle every day they can help you through things but yeah the adversity in life I think is something that losing being at rock bottom isn't necessarily like a bad thing I don't think it's necessary but I think that it's useful because it was useful when you go through it like we talked about earlier what happens is you can it's a learning lesson and I feel like that's what you gotta be able to turn it into instead of being a victim because now in this world we have a problem with the victim mentality and it's still going on and it's strong as ever and people want to become winners but only at a very little price at the cheapest price and they don't understand it's the most expensive thing and the most expensive lesson you'll ever learn on how to be a winner is how to make your adversity into an accomplishment and how to be able to level that up and those people don't understand that no and you said you can't you can't blame them for wanting to get as cheap as possible but that's the learning process you mean and whenever you see somebody that has everything you have here like rather than be envious of it it's like hey man good job this is fucking sick how to get it all how can I learn from you what can I soak in from you what what what what we're in asking questions that's like the old guy on the rocking chair you know you mean whatever you see the old guy on the rocking chair you're like I should I might want to go talk to that guy I'm the old guy in the rocking chair that's really sad is giving me ten years older than you and now I'm the old guy I'm just saying but that's it but it's because when people see things that they yes no yeah I think I think it is I think you used a really strong word it's called envy and it's crazy how I've seen that in people that I've known yeah and how many people have known you and they come around and there's some people who are honestly wanting to be like wow man I'm so proud of you for being amazing and other people staff that know you and say look what you've done but they're envious to a point where they can't stand you bro yeah yeah it's a fucked up thing it's very real yes it because it's also like you you don't know how to handle it because you're like why am I like if you're self-aware why am I having this feeling right because I think a lot of stuff online like we mentioned it comparison is the thief of joy yes like you can't always compare yourself to someone because then you're never going to like live in the moment of what you've done right and how incredible it is right and that's what I think like podcasting has been a great part of a lot because we're able to learn a lot about people and then you're able to be like what's my greatness you know I hear these guys talking about it and you're like man that's that's great but and here a story like my story yeah some people right I don't want to deal with that shit right but then there's other people that have more than me that have never dealt with any of the things that I have this is my story what's yours where are you going how are you going to achieve what you want to do in life and it's hard to not compare yourself to people yes it's very difficult to do so however at the same time be aware enough to take a step back and be like think do fucking bad just it's it is it is difficult because whenever I see something and I'm like man how that happened and then you're like okay pump the brakes you could learn from that person you're gonna phone you're gonna contact that knows that person trying somehow get to that person and talk to him right rather than just be fuck him talk to him bigger it out maybe can help you well it's because your person that would like to stop and ask for directions instead of running around in the middle of the hood trying to figure out which way to go I've done that before but but it's very similar right yeah it is because of ego yeah if you can put the ego aside and ask for help and be coachable then anything's possible but if you're not then it's really hard to figure out the formula of winning you know yeah and it's like man how does that work how did that happen and you're just chasing a thought process of saying the guy was lucky the guy was this you don't really know you don't know the formula you don't know the adversity that was created that that person turned around and made into drive and that drive has been taken to a whole another level and then if you surround yourself with some really good people and put together a really good team then you can really level up but if you're gonna constantly be envious because of they have something that you don't and you think that they had a formula where they had a silver spoon or if they had something that was given to them and you want to play the victim then you'll never get to be a winner because you're always just gonna sit there and just bask in the fact that you're a victim and you didn't have the things that the other person did and I'm sorry but you know it's just like when people come to me or they they talk about me and they say he just cherry picks his people I cherry pick you you know people don't remember the people that I brought up I'll VC you all these other people like they just did just see the fill he's in the J-Cutlers because I got to a place where those people connected with me or we connected somehow J you know J fill I mean again even with Jeremy all of those people that I've worked with and Hottie and Derek and all of those things about way back in the day when I started it wasn't that way I just was able to pick and choose later because I wanted to be able to really focus my time and intention to just a couple of people every year while I was still trying to grow with this business which is crazy for people to blame you for doing so well and they blame me and then they say well he's not that skill he just has these people that are really good you know and it's like well those really good people I have to get them to trust in my decision making ability that's number one because you got to build trust sure and the reason why they were able to trust me is because they all came to me to some degree they put their faith in the me I didn't talk of them into hey work with me because I'm gonna make you a champion yeah so I didn't do that and says some degree it was bad for them because they couldn't handle it and it didn't work out and that's okay but it was one of those things I wasn't willing to do because it wasn't part of my formula but I'm not gonna sit down and sit there and say yeah you know I got to cherry pick of course you're seeing the highlight real you didn't see all of the others that just came from nothing to maybe the midpoint or a really good national competitor but they maybe they didn't turn pro but they improved tremendously but you're not gonna make chicken salad at chicken shit it doesn't matter how good of a coach you are but you can go from good to great but you have to be good to great and then if you're really great then you become legendary if you have the work ethic and it's it's also like people don't see all the losses or the hard times they just see the results as they're like the results are just because of this right crazy home it's assumptions or those things happen that it's like no you didn't you don't see all the losses in the hardships how many how many ups and downs there were because it's like if if that was so then other coaches that have other genetically gifted beautiful bodyboars would be winning more so that's not the case because it's also like you said you have to build the trust within athletes and that's probably something really hard right now for your athletes to accept that you're no longer there you know and it's and but that's the reality of the situation it's like yeah this is something that this is what makes a difference and it doesn't mean that you're not ever going to do well it just means that you're gonna have to adapt in life yeah you're a grown man this is the next steps of life here we go it sucks but this is it and this is an adverse point in their life that they can take one of two ways right and it's not gonna be easy but it's just where we are yeah and I'm my roles as evolving right I mean when I worked my athletes hotty Derek they're part of e-vigen so I'm always gonna be there as a sponsor I'm always going to be there especially with the gym yeah I said the gym is open just like I trained you today yeah right I don't know I don't want to and I said look man just because I'm quoting quote retired I mean we can't train we can't shoot the shit let's go into posing room yeah I'm going to give you my feedback yeah right now I'm just not trying to go out there and get back on this right this is my addiction that I need to be able to put away right and this phone and being able to make sure that if I want to be present I can't be glued to this and checking on this every three minutes and that was the problem is that what's going on who's texting what's going on what's their problem let me fix it because I am the fixer of things and that's what I got the title of and and and and I was pretty good at it I was gonna say pretty good at it and whatever a guy is good at something and we gravitate towards right and that's what you lean into but I think that it's what it's really about is understanding how to create a formula that's winning and winning now isn't about how much money as much as clich as a sounds is not about money money will create happiness through choices but eventually what you're gonna need to fill the bucket is going to be a complete life and that is trying to be able to have really good people around you that you can love and appreciate the times with I mean when we're in the gym together we're talking about like tamer and fill and jay and talking about all of these cool moments yeah right and those are things that I absolutely adore and love and I'll never forget those moments and those are moments that actually I'm actually able to relive now more than ever because I would never allow myself to really just concede in the fact that hey look if I focus too much on those accomplishments I'm not going to focus on being able to replicate those accomplishments and that's why I never enjoyed them so now it's time to enjoy it or sure time to post up some pictures look at some memories talk about the stories and do some of those things and like you said you're not you're not completely away no no I'm just evolving yeah that's all and it's just it's still because your your your eye your your attention to detail with training and ideas like training is really what you know I love the most about bodybuilding is because just the fact of building something and that's where like your I mean you're good at everything you do but like the training aspect even just together you're like this this this is what you should be looking at over the next few weeks here pay attention to this look for this feeling here whenever you're doing this you're not ready for this you need to start here and work into this that's like man it's just fucking fire in a way and you're like man that's like how cool is that and that's what's fun and that's why like I love training with all different people because like whenever you go train with something someone you might learn something new that you're like man absolutely you do that just that little tweak man that's fun yeah I think that's what you know doing YouTube videos and collaborations with other other athletes and talking through it and the in the public being able to see like YouTube train a little bit differently but you got together and we learn something from it yeah so that way like the the fan can actually get into it and say I'm going to go in the gym and try this these two ways because these guys did it yeah like that's this weekend with all the guys coming in just seeing I'm even going to see Derek I'm excited to see him I haven't seen him since Mexico right you know so I don't know it's exciting it's fun what I love about body building well I'm just glad that you're going in the direction of possibly getting back on stage if I think you have some unfaulfilled buckets that need to get re-assigned in a way where you can add a weight to those you don't need to go out there and do everything in regards to like hey look you don't need to go jumping it shows and try to do this and that and I guess what I'm saying is that you can just go through the journey yeah and be present enjoy it with less pressure and just be able to watch yourself evolve physically people those I like the buckets think by the way I love how you've been using that it using that analogy because it it is true and if you try to fill your happiness bucket with bullshit and ain't going to wear it now you're never going to be happy which is a really difficult one to fill because it's hard to figure it out but people online like with me doing this they're you know I'm doing it for the experience I'm just like yeah man like I love this let's have fun yeah and there's people like man the 212 here you come and I'm like guys if there was ever a time for someone to not come back it's now right one of the most structurally beautiful physics of all time is in the 212 key on yep and it's like yeah look at him but the whole thing is is let's have fun this is what body building is I want to go see what I'm capable of doing personally like it would have been a better idea to come back three four years ago yeah I know I think we talked in 2018 I saw you and I think I was with Phil or somebody we were in Pittsburgh yeah and you're pretty jackass huge and you were talking about like yeah maybe see what happened what happened there just got you got you got you fucking spike in sales and then the inward grinding yeah the ability to grind with the business and make money that I've never seen before right where it's like am I gonna go start this company and ride the lightning and push as hard as I can to make as much money as possible right or am I gonna go on stage and try and make 40 grand right I was like no I'm gonna go push right and that's where it was and I was like and again again the learning process 2018 remember 2016 I had no money right 2018 lots of money started happening 2019 2020 it was like whoa who right no one knows what to do with the million the first time they see a million dollars everybody likes to think they know what to do with that right but they actually don't and that's another learning process that people go through that's like oh what a fucking problem to have yeah but you don't know what you're gonna do or who you're gonna become because money stress what does say money power and stress those three things are very dangerous because they will make you do very uncharacteristic things of yourself do much money too you give someone all the power in the world what are they gonna do you don't know you give someone too much money I don't they might become someone that you don't know like you give money and power it's like who the what could they be right and stress can make someone do very uncharacteristic things of themselves so and at that point but I look back at that and I look at pictures of myself and I'm like oh my god Seth you were 245 fucking pounds pulling a vacuum yeah huge yeah and it's like man you were a thick son of a bitch you did some you could have went in there but again hindsight's 2020 and that I think about that story as well like dumb but it's it's all that's why this is a ride that's why this is a journey it's like I'm having fun I want my if if things continue to go well it'll show that my kid it'll show my kids that like hey if you want to go after something it's not gonna be easy be diligent you stick to a plan it's gonna take time you grind at it you just continue to work at it and that's something that's a challenge for me as well as to continue to stay present in my life with my kids so and I'm like okay I have to have my meals train if I do those things I'm fine so I just gotta make sure that I put those into my day I can do that and if everything with my company continues to go in the direction that's going I should be good there and I just have to be a present for my kids show up to gymnastics meets oh I can go to gymnastics meets they have a gym somewhere yeah oh you might have to train at 6 a.m or wait till the evening of train guess what that's what you're doing Seth yeah it's fine because at that point this is the it should be a process for also people to watch and see that hey if you want to go after something in life put a plan together go after it right be it'll be aware of the things that can go wrong but don't don't bring those to life alright don't be don't focus so much on the things that could go wrong that they do go wrong just be aware so that's a lot of good things to learn man from watching you and the journey but it was an awesome workout today if you guys get a chance take a look at it we're going to go ahead and post it up on YouTube if you don't fall asleep make sure you do when it put his link down below and can't wait to do the next one row can't wait to do the next workout and just continuing to see everything change I know we went over some things yep doesn't mean I can't give you some tips I got a lot to work on how are we back in a month that's it back I can't wait to have you back and I really appreciate it man thank you so much I know we you killed legs and you still came in and did this podcast and we sat for I don't know hour and a half two two hours I have to say thank you for everything it has been an absolute honor to be a part of your journey you and everything you've done in the sport a lot of people have been able to watch what you've done but the people that have worked with you know what I'm saying here I would not be in the positions I am in life without meeting you I have a lot to thank I have a lot to be thankful for and grateful for with you you have you have helped me put me in the position I am today so to be here sit across you and your headquarters everything that I have with my companies and my people and how my people look up to me a lot of the things you heard Heather say about the details that I do I've been blessed to be in your life and be a part of it you've been like a big brother to me I will forever be grateful for it so thank you for welcoming me my team and be in a part of your life thank you hand I mean in the words I appreciate the kind words because it's been a hell of a ride and everyone knows you're such a great person but it's really good to be able to reconnect and be able to do it with less stress because you've already been winning it life and being able to do the things like we did today which is going in there and kill it in the gym talk about all times I talk about what's about to come yeah so thank you so much I appreciate it brother appreciate you honey rambud Seth Farosi and that's the truth

=== FILE: Julian Fitzgerald  The 19-Year-Old Bodybuilding Prodigy [BKRGYuKr5f8].txt ===

Alright guys, I am here with our latest athlete for Eavision Julian. Welcome brother. Thank you. Yep. It's great to have you. So Julian Fitzgerald is now a part of Eavision. What made you come over to our brand? I've been seeing all our social media and I was looking into it. You know there's a lot of other brands and stuff like that. We're looking at, you know, you working out with Axel and you see, and I saw like some kids like deal with competition for Eavision and stuff like that. I was like this is awesome. And you know, I was going to have to sell something and it's everything is soon to be high quality. I really didn't see anything wrong with the company and of course you're here as well. So that was really big plus. It sounds like yeah Eavision 770 company when I go for it's just my aesthetic. Well, what's cool is that a lot of people go, hey, what's just right, but you said what's right but also what's wrong. And I feel like many of you out there are trying to find what company you might be able to just connect with. And it's about the genuine nature of the business. A lot of our athletes, especially like people like Sid, right, who was a customer before she was even eight-time misalimpia. You know, Laura Lee, who would, when the Olympia, you know, you start using our products before she became misalimpia, right? How do you show upon the same thing? You know, even past athletes, right? My thing is just that you just turn 19 years old, just turn 19 years old, right? And you're about five foot almost by 11, right? And you're about, how much right now? 100 and 200 pounds? 200 pounds? I'm going to say 100 and 95 depending on whether you eight or not. Yeah, you're going to take 200, I guess kind of, fly away, right? Right. How to hype right now just recently and about whether or not you're natural, right? Yes. So again, I know you did some stuff with Jeff Nipperd, you did some stuff with Greg DuSett and they did some blood work and the findings were that you are natural. Yes. And very, very genetically, obviously gifted. Your dad is good old pop. It's 65275, right? And is your mom tell, too? My mom is about like five, six, five, seven. Okay. Pretty up there for a woman. For woman, yeah, yeah, yeah. So again, your dad was an athlete and he played football. He played football. College football. Awesome. What position? I think he was a DN. That's a good size DN. Yeah, maybe I can't remember. Yeah, well, six, seven, you can do kind of almost anything you want. There's an amazing, big, I want to play this position. But in all honesty, you come from an athletic background, sports wise, just given the fans that don't know you. You played football? Right. And a little bit soccer? Yeah. Right. I've done football, soccer, fencing, wrestling. Most of the family. What was your favorite? Wrestling was definitely my favorite. Wrestling? Yeah, that was okay. And what weight class did you wrestle? I wrestled 195, but I went up to 220 because it was nice. Nice. How did it go? It was nice. It was nice. I only lost twice, but I did like six or seven matches I believe. And it was just fun, you know, being able to push myself, I always loved the grind. So like being in for the first year, it was like, you know, you know, you know, like, oh, this is awesome. Like, I'm over here working towards this. I'm a newbie. And you know, I get to learn how to kind of throw people around and, you know, have fun and stuff like that. So it was definitely a really cool experience, especially wrestling. Have you been here because I love competition. So like just walking up and seeing like six or four dudes and someone in that I'm like, I love to get it. You know what I mean? It was fun for me. You've been working out for since you were 14. Yeah, for 14 years old. And now, I feel like being able to focus on some body parts, you got great arms, really good chest, even your back is good. But to get you that maximum width that you a child made you're looking for is to build up the deltoids, right? Yes. And I feel like today, we were talked about what to work out. So deltoids number one, some upper chest. And then you were saying you're wanting to get some mind muscle connection on the tricep. Yes. Some crazy biceps, give them a biceps shot real quick. Boom. There you go. So a little, little Ronnie Coleman feel he'd ask. They have some goals. And I want to make sure that all the fans and people that are going to start following this journey are going to know, you got some amazing goals. Yeah. Once you share that, what you're goal? So recently, after doing some research, I found that Chris Bum said one, the classic physique, Mr. Olympia around 24. And so because I just turned 19 and you know, I have all the support behind me, I was like why not shoot for a young guy's, you know, classic Mr. Olympia. So that's my long term goal right now. I have about five years. And so I'm really excited to pursue this goal. I think it's something to definitely look forward to. I'm really excited for them excited for the grind. That's where I, you know, kind of make myself an outlier, for a lot of like and football things that such. Whenever, you know, some of the put in the work that's where I kind of specialize. And I just lock in and just do what I need to do and more. You know what I mean? Sure. And so that's definitely a goal that I'm working towards and really excited about it. And so yeah, I hope you all can, you know, stick around for the journey, man. Yeah. I'm really enjoying it because when you sat down in yesterday with me and we talked for a while and not only did you show me your physique, but we started to get to know each other. I kept thinking of myself and you got to meet my son Cameron. Yeah. You know, I'm like, dude, you're only 70 years different with my son. Again, this is a lifestyle, not just a basic sport. So, you know, when you play soccer, you play football, it's amazing. But it's a lot different when you have to eat, sleep, drink and really live it. And that's why bodybuilding is all about discipline. So again, with all the things he's doing, also, just talk really quickly about your school. You're also going to college. Yes. So getting your degree in business. Okay. Right? Yes. In the five year MBA program, I have the university. So I'm currently on track to getting my masses of business in five years. Yeah. So you're getting ready in your own scholarship? Yeah, I am on that level of scholarship. That is a little bit amazing. Right? On scholarship comes from a great family because they're all about the values. A lot of people would just leave school alone and focus on just bodybuilding. But he is literally trying to do both. Now again, first year's done, get ready for your sophomore year. Yes, sir. So we're going to go, we're going to do that. Local here to the DFW Dallas area. So that also makes it really lucrative for you to be able to come in here and train wherever you like here at our gym. How was it yesterday? Nice. Oh, yeah, it was nice. This is actually like going to the best and not the best in my room. It's a, that's all. Exactly, dope. Awesome. We're very happy to have you a part of the family, the team. And also, you want to learn a lot, not just about training, but you want us to go over supplements and everything else. And a lot of you people at home are going to ask about PEDs. Well, the decision you'd made, you want to make it sure, you know, like kind of give a little bit of joy. Oh, yeah. Basically how you want to go about doing this? Sure. So I guess with the goal in mind, I don't plan on hopping on any PEDs anytime soon. I'm finally staying at the National State National Monotaur Life. And I'm trusting honey to help me to bring the most out of my, you know, physique that I can possibly bring. I feel like we both agreed that I have a lot more to bring out. And so I'm excited to see, you know, what I can bring on that, surely. And probably maybe a year to the head of the actual, like, stage like the moment. Probably rallying 22, 23, some around there. I might do something, you know, minimal or whatever we decide to do. But as of right now, no time so. Okay. Maximizing as genetics, you guys have been hearing me talk about it. Maximize your genetics. So don't just jump into the dark side. Focus on being able to check every box, your nutrition, your training, your natural supplementation. Take it as far as you can. Then you can go ahead and make that decision down the road. But right now, we're absolutely, and that's what made me very, very, very, like, just excited and happy about this project. Because when he came to me and said, hey, could you help me? And I said, well, let's, let me try to get to know you a little bit. Yeah. And I could say, it sounds like you got a great upbringing. So congrats mom and dad for bringing up a great son. And looking forward to just being able to teach you as much as we can to be able to do this the right way and as natural as far and as long as possible. We're going to get started off. I'll bring work out wise. He has chosen non-stem. So we're going to go 3D. And then we're going to do the Glistoral solution, the EVPAQ. We're going to run a half a lid, which is the 10 gram dose. And then we're going to run a full scoop to a scoop and a half of the 3D non-stem. So again, no caffeine, no hymbe on this one. For those of you that like the caffeine, remember, utilize it, don't abuse it. So let's go ahead and let's get rolling. And this is the new Patriot Pop. So we made Patriot Pop years ago, brought it back a new updated version with a new packaging great proud of. And very, very excited to get him to try this. Again, if you like bomb pop, this is the one for you. I'm going to go ahead. That was the idea of it as a kid. I still tear him up. What's telling me? My son wasn't good old cam. So there you go. Yeah, just a big keeping scoop. So again, getting you your Argentine nitrate, your citrling, your beta-alony as well as the good old limes, man. And you got a little pot. Boom, pate pot. Get a little bit of that effervescence to give it some good mouth feel. Nothing crazy, but just a little bit. That's good. That's exactly like that. That's crazy. You all know that flavor though. Yep. So again, this is now available in the non-stem 3D extreme, which is the stem base, as well as a amino cam. So you check it out at ebogenetrition.com and take advantage of the sale that we have for 4th of July weekend. So go ahead ebogenetrition.com. That's good. Awesome. You ready to do this? Yeah. All right guys, let's start it. Bells. And we're just going to do some front, do about seven eight reps, then we're going to do lateral seven eight reps. And then we're going to go ahead and just start there. Oh, cool. Let's do it. We just go. Yeah. Let's just go to the side first. There you go. Good. Just breathe. Breathe normal. Just get some blood in there. Get it to peek out. There you go. Perfect. You don't want to go too high. You're doing perfect on that. Because if you go way up here, you're going to start activating trap and a lot of other places. So what you're doing is perfect, we just go just shoulder height. Just a slightly bit higher than that. Like that. Good. Good. All right. You start shaving your face yet or no? Not really. Not really. Not really. You thought that was a joke. I could tell because he's got so good at baby face. He's still having a shaving yet. Yeah. In 19, in the shaving space. I was shaving when I was nine. No, I think I was 12. So 13. I started getting peach buzz and I had to start cleaning it up. Yeah, the beard is definitely. Yo, probably see the beard coming in. I'm making a make that a highlight on the journey. Yeah, when he's like 23. Yeah. Twenty two. We don't have a little bit. Yeah, that's the right amount. Yeah. Good. So you see how you're letting go? Don't let go. Slow, that's better. A little more control on the eccentric on the way down, especially the last half of the rep, which is from here down to there. Perfect. Good. Put that eccentric tension on there. Good. So as he's warming up, guys, I want to explain to you a couple things. As I saw him yesterday, his arms are so big that it made his shoulders and his delts look a little bit small. And if that makes you look small, that can give you that narrow look that we were talking about. So again, what we got to do is to maximize that is to be able to really get those delts to blow out and get that 3D look. So it looks like we got a cannon ball, cut it in half and slap it on each side of his shoulders. Yo, starting to feel it. It's nice. Good. Good job. Just do two more like that. But now on the last rep, what I want you to do is keep your hands this way. Just look at the face that way. That way. Yep. Good. Go. Yes. Oh, yes. Nice. Good. One more. Two more like that. Okay. Alright. So we unlocked the first phase and that is basically understanding what he could be doing a little bit better. Not like he did anything wrong, obviously he looks great. But also just the fact that you have cheat codes with great genetics is not going to mean that you're going to get to where you want to go by just continuously doing the same thing. One thing I noticed was that he would keep his hands here palms down. The minute I had him palms facing, that's when he started feeling that lateral head of the delt. And then you're like, oh, wow. That was a new, you know, full feeling unlocked. So again, here versus going here, this is what he was doing before. So now palms facing. You know, because I think you were going here, right? Yes, up there. There. And then what was your hand motion? Do it again. Yep. And then do what you were doing before. There you go. Versus just literally all he changed was this staying here and then keeping tension on that lateral head of the delt, which is on that side. So I just feel it. Yeah. So now we'll start adding weight. Yes. Good. There you go. We're going to do the whole set. Now. That would be good. Keep going. It's like that the whole set. Good. We're going to do 10 reps. Okay. Good. There you go. Do you get two more? I got 10. That's it over 10. One more. One more. Good job. Good job. Put that weight back. Okay. Okay. Whoo. Yeah. Good. That was good. Yeah. Good. You can see now your shoulders are even fuller. So you actually look even rounder now just from just making sure that get that technique with your wrist. So yeah. Yeah. The wrist, I right the wrist and the shoulders I definitely make a huge difference. Huge difference. So that's what I'm going to do. Yeah. Good. Nope. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Come on, Julie. That's it. Come on. We're going to work on your strength. Good. Now you get the form. We're going to build up that strength in there. Come on, brother. So I have 22 pounds. Again. Again. Two more. Good form. One more. Good form. Keep going. Good. We're not going to make this into working set. Go. Good. Again. Again. Come on. Come on. Come on. You can't get up. Can't get me three partial. Let's go. One. Go. Two. One more. One more. Got it. How much is that burning, bro? Yeah. It's nice. You can see that sucks. Yeah. I love it though. That's your shoulder with that squeeze. Squeeze, get that shoulder out. Get your elbow out and squeeze down. Feel that deltoid. Yeah. That's how you want to be able to feel when you are in the getting really good pump. That lateral head. Make sure you touch. Don't be afraid. A perchest. Latter or head. Front. Del. All of those areas when you're training it. Don't be afraid to get that mine must with connection. Lots of times you'll see me go through the last 30 years and I'll put my hand on a quad or on a deltoid to get a better mine muscle connection. At the end, you need to do the same thing too. How does that pump feel? Then you can be able to discern whether or not you properly hydrated. Maybe it's not super full because you could be dehydrated or I'm getting a little bit low on my meals and I only had one meal but I felt way full or after meal two or three. I want to train at one o'clock versus training at nine or ten the morning. All of those things are going to get dialed in and you'll start learning all of these tag types of methodologies to be able to really maximize your performance in the gym. So now we're going to do the front raises. Pumps down this perfect. Good. Both arms together. Yep. Control that eccentric. Okay. Nice squeeze on the concentric part. Excellent. Good. Make sure you're breathing. Good. Good. Good. Good. Oh yes. So you're not used to holding it. Go. There you go. Good. Good. That's it. One more partial. That's it. Okay. So again, here's another lesson for you guys. But what I'm starting to learn is that he's not used to controlling that eccentric, right? Yeah. You're used to letting go. So with the greatest he looks, this is going to make him look even better by controlling that eccentric. So especially the last half of the rep from here down to here, he was dropping the weight. So now what we're going to do is going to get him to do it. That's why he started to get really weak very quickly because his body's not used to it. The muscle fibers are not used to being fired that way. So now as he's doing that, he's going to get bigger and stronger by being able to create a little bit more time-intention with going a little slower on that eccentric motion on the way down. That's what Jeff was telling me. He's like, you're super explosive because of my background like football. You know what I mean? Like, you don't hold him. We just explode. Yeah. We definitely cool to see how just holding you can call such a difference. So I'm excited if you see results. Yeah, that's awesome. So we're going to do one more set with that front raise. How does the pump so far? It feels good. Yeah. I like that little siren. It's a little buzz that I got going on. That's awesome. Two. Three. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. Up. Six. Good. Okay, carcels. Okay, come on. Control. Good. Control again. Good. Good. One more. You got this. That's it. So even doing those carcels at the end, he's not used to it. So adding those in are going to amount to even more time under tension so that you can be able to get more muscle sornus and it's going to cause more growth. Cool. Haven't had a big name yet. How do you get it? Make name like that. Oh man. I don't know. We got to have to work for it. So you guys, if you think of a nickname, he's going to have to come out with a nickname eventually. Maybe it's not time yet. But if you think of a nickname, go ahead and put in the comments below. So we can have, you know. Yeah, let's see. Yeah. Do I get to like, go to a fruit? Where is he just like? They just throw it out there. No, I usually win the one that does it. Are you a fruit? No, I'm kidding. We're just going to go ahead and see what you like. But down the road, you know, I know. Look at Ronnie. He had a bunch of them. Phil was the gift. Yeah. And when we go down South Africa, I should sign out for myself. Yeah. That was for you. Ash South Africa. But when you go down South America, he would be called El Ragalo. You know, the gift. So everybody had a nickname. You know, cutler was cut. You know, and yeah. So we had so many, a lot of guys. Not every single person, you know. Chris, you know, just see you, bum. See you, bum. That's classic. Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. We'll figure out. Yeah. Okay. Good job. All right. So this really good form. Only thing that I'm going to try a little bit different is for you to bring your dumbbells out a little further. Okay. To the outside of your deltoids instead of on top of them. So instead of coming in here, let's go a little further out as we push up and see how you feel out there. Okay. Out. Go up. And then yeah, keep. Yeah. There you go. Keep out. There you go. Up. Good. Good. Just something. Outer head. Outer head of that dough. There you go. Good. Boom. So we're doing is we're prepping them. So when he uses really heavy dumbbells, he's going to be able to hit them together. Because it's his wider. Give you the handle, those wider dumbbells. There you go. Good. Bring it on. Nice. Out. Good. And notice it's a different part of your deltoids work out. Oh, yes. Okay. Another level unlocked. So again, if you're going really narrow, just like a shoulder press, or I should say, like just like a chest press, you're going to start getting almost a lot of tricep overhead. You'll get some deltoid. But if you go a little further out, you're going to feel more deltoid. Yeah. So again, just like if you're going really narrow on chest press, you're going to focus a lot on tricep. You know, do you still get fiber recruitment in your chest? Absolutely. But when you really want to work that chest, you go a bit wider on the presses. Yeah. Same thing. It's dumbbells. So make sure that you're going far enough out. So it's on the outside part of your deltoid and not landing on top of your deltoid. As you're doing your shoulder press, that's going to help that overall mass. Okay. Makes us. Okay. So he's getting really good range of motion. He's not stopping. He's not stopping up. Sometimes you see people stopping up by their ear, the top of their ear. Now he's going all the way down. Really good depth, full range of motion and driving. Good. And again, he's shaking because this is a new fiber recruitment. This is he's not used to doing this range of motion. Good. Come on, Julie. This is how you do it, bro. Good. You want to build those delts. This is how you do it. Drive. Yeah, shoulders. Big shoulders. Catch up to those arms. Good. Good. Good. Come on. Two more. Oh, okay. You completely gone. Burnin'. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Good. So we'll do this. We're going to rest for about two minutes. Then we're going to go ahead and do one more set with just a little bit heavier weight. Bring the reps down just a little bit. And see how he does it. 53. But make sure that we're not going to fatigue him. We're going to give him a full two minutes of rest for this last set. Oh. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Don't feel like you have to hit your dumbbells either. Go. Just like that. Perfect. Go. Oh, yes. Yeah. So that added death is creating a bit more difficulty. Good. Up. Oh, you got it. It's it. Woo. Burn. I'm going to feel that tomorrow. That's that's going to suck tomorrow. I know it is. And then two days after you suck at a suck anymore. Because now you're going to be a rounder and fuller. Two takeaways were one range of motion. We were going all the way down to the deltoid. Number two, making sure you're going far enough out. So it's not right on top of the deltoid. So it doesn't get so much arm recruitment. But also you're getting those delts. And that's why he's fatigue. Because he's got that range of motion. And he also was able to go a little bit wider. So between those two. Feel like you hit it right on. You did a good job with that. Go ahead and rack that up. And then we're going to go ahead and go the next exercise. All right. Next exercise, guys. It's going to do a fly. I'm going to get him do one of my favorites here, which is standing multi-flight Tanata piece. This is an amazing machine. There's a lot of manufacturers make something similar. But what we're going to do is we're going to start it off with flies. And then we're going to work our way to a press. But right now, the key is going to be able to really set him up. So his shoulder joint is going to be in line with the joint center point. And then we're going to get a really good stretch. And then we're going to give it a really good squeeze. This is another really excellent machine. We're going to go ahead and get the started squeeze. Excellent. You doing a good job with your hands too. Keeping your hands open. I know you've been watching my videos. Yeah. Yeah. Squeeze. Good. One more. Good. Come on. Good job. Good job. All right. I know, but the opposite is just feel some more natural. Just having your hands open. Yeah. I mean, so you don't feel like you're doing this. You can get the full range of your hands. Yeah. Very big on open hands. If you want to make sure to be able to open your hands. Most important time to do that is at the midpoint. As you're squeezing, I feel like you get a really good contraction that way. And also, you'll see myself. You know, we saw you just do it Julian, where you open your hand on the way out. Because it kind of feels natural. It feels like you really want to open up to get that extreme stretch. And then that really nice contraction. Yeah. Where does no fly like this? Yeah. That was amazing. You want to get stretched. Keep your chest down so you stretch your arms and your pecs. Good. Good. You're going to get sore and all these new spots. Yeah. Good stretch. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Two more. Open and squeeze. Squeeze. Good. One more stretch. You're chest down. Keep your chest down. So, stretch. One more. One more. One more like that. Keep your chest down. Keep your chest down. Good job. Good. Warm ups over. Time to do some working sets. Now this is our warm ups. Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. That's it. Now we're going to do a working set. So this one now. Remember, as you bring your arms up, keep your chest down. Stretch. You don't want to end up going up like this because then you're doing the opposite of stretching. So, when you go, hand goes up, chest goes down. Well, it's as far as. Mm-hmm. Yep. Eight. Nine. Ten. Now you got two more. Two more. Eleven. Gold it. Go down. Do another rep and hold it. I want you to hold it for five seconds on the bottom. Squeeze. Squeeze. Right there. Five. Four. Three. Two. Good job. How does that feel? I'm going to fill it mostly tomorrow. I can't have that. That's good. Squeeze your chest. Yeah. Let's see. You look like you got a good pump going. Let's see which it looks like. Yeah. Good. So this is the area we want to work on the most right now. So we can fill in the shoulders to be able to match up those arms because you got crazy arms. But right now, how's that shoulder pump? It's great, actually. It feels nice. How do you have how many is in a while, actually? Do a side chest and you can feel the chest as well as a shoulder on that pose. Squeeze that chest right there. Good. Big. Boom. Right there. Right there. Hold that. Hold it. Hold it. Three more seconds. Two. Good job. Good. Let me see that front of a bicep. Hold your turn. Those wrists. Perfect. I got it. Good. That peak. Squeeze. That's just like that. Squeeze. Smile. Like you're having a good time. That's it. Good job. That's it. Good job. Keep those elbows up. Keep that tension on the chest. Good. And then down the squeeze. There you go. Now you're working. That's it. Now you're working. Good. Good. Play time is over. Good job. Come on, Julian. Let's do this. Good. Three. Again. Come on. Go. Go. Go. One more. You got this. Don't give up. Go. Squeeze. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good job. That's it. That's better. There you go. Teach you how to go pass that point of almost that point of failure, right? You thought you can do anymore. You ended up doing two more reps. Don't let the mind put that limit on you. Because your body can definitely handle it. Thank you, obviously. Yeah. That was a good set. Good set. Good. Good. Squeeze that chest right there. Go a little wider with shoulders. And then squeeze the chest so that it strikes all the way through all the way to the top. There you go. It goes out. Keep your lats out. Squeeze now. And turn your wrists up like that. Boom. And then turn those triceps forward like that. Squeeze. Squeeze your chest. Squeeze that chest all the way through. All the way. There you go. Good. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good job relax. Woo. So we did front raises. We did ladder raises. We did shoulder press. We did the standing belt. And then now I'm sorry the multi flight fly. Now when you go ahead and we're going to do an incline press for that upper chest. So we talked about try to get that to really fire off here. So we did front del lateral. We did secondary muscle. A little bit tricep obviously kicks in. But we're going to go ahead and really focus on that after we do your incline press. It's ready. Yep. It's good. Chin up. I've got to have a good perfect. Oh right there. Perfect. Good. Right there. Excellent. Good. Push. Excellent. Good. Again. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good job. Good job. Nice. Two. Two. Go. Three. Four. Good. Five. Good. Six. Six. Point where you got. To call it. Got 10. Good. Good. Good. Good. Well. Good. Well. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Thirty. Good. Good. Drive. Good. Nice and slow. Good job. Oh yes. Oh good. Squeeze that chest. Good. You see how those delts are looking 3D now too? Yeah. You got that pump in the delts from earlier. Now we're working on that chest. Now hit that front of the box out. Boom. Good. You're good. Yeah. Now that you're holding your wrist correctly, you're seeing even more peak now. Because if you keep that wrist supinated, that's what you're going to see that really peak just go next level. Okay. Yeah. Many of you guys make a huge mistake. Squeeze and keep your hand here. You've got to turn and supinate the wrist if you really want to accentuate that peak. That's what's going to do it whether you're training or whether you're posing. Good. Excellent. Good. Keep going. Good. Stretch. Good. Contraction. Excellent. Right there. Right there. Stretch and drive. Good. You see those fibers popping now. Go. Squeeze. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze. You got one more now. You called it. That's your number. Good. That's your goal. Up. Control. Good job. Yeah. Don't be afraid to you. Again, the super machines we call them the super inclined because it's got a self-spotting mechanism. Some of the panata equipment are not super. The ones that are not super means it does not have the self-spotting. You do have it. Use it. The reason for that is that especially when your muscles are super fatigued the last repertoire and you're going super heavy like as you grow and you're trying to add that weight, then you can go ahead and be able to self-spot. It creates a lot less chance for injury. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Very good. Here we go. Good. Good. All right, so right now we're going to get ready to do TRICEPS but he's going to run his intro. Very good. At Minochime, again then see visual amino acids along with S7 and hydration. So a rythm.llss to boil. And then I'll show you how to do theumping pressure. Make sure that live is on tight. Because it does that. Boom. Nice. That's good. Nice. It's good, especially if you like a little bit of that carbonation. Yeah. It's just got slightly carbonation down and so forth. Yeah. You said that a bunch of the different exercises you didn't really feel right in your triceps. Yeah. Which ones would you normally do? Just so I know. Okay, so because of the elbow thing, I was trying to find what I could use to still work. Have it to triceps instead of work out. Okay. Without so much of joint pain. I get something like this. Keep it about that lower. Put as low as I can at my gym. Mm-hmm. And get a straight bar. Little back leg leg. And these overhead press? Yeah, try to do that. Okay. Yeah, that's a great exercise. Yeah. Let's try to do that. Okay. But let's go ahead and just warm up your triceps first. With just a basic push down. Okay. Good. Good. And when you go up, go up a little slower. Good. Go on. Good. Control it. Don't snap it. Control it. And squeeze that trice out. Not so fast. Just come down. Squeeze. Squeeze. That's best. Good. There you go. Right there and down. Good. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Squeeze. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Again. Good. Two more. One more. Good job. Wow. There you go. I feel a little bit. Keep that tension on there. Good, right there. Good. Nice stretch and down. Excellent. Keep going. You feel that? Good. Go. Good. Come on. Again. Good. Again. Good. How many got? Oh. Go. We're going to play some more. Yeah. Good. And then put it all the way up. Good. That's light. That's light. Go. Go. Good job. Last one. All the way up and rack it. Good. Good job. Most of you out there are going to have a preference. There's not a right way or wrong way to have your hand grip. You can have your thumbs back. You can have it forward. You can have it the way that he had it, which was right on the bar. It's personal preference. If you are scared of that bar rolling on you, then go ahead and handle it traditionally with your thumbs over. If you're advanced and you're used to doing thumbs over with, you know, where it's your thumbs right next to your index finger, that's totally fine. You can do that. But only if you're really used to it. If you're not, then I highly advise to use a traditional regular grip. If you use the thumbs on the bar, again, personal preference. It looks like he's been doing that for a while. You've been doing that for a minute now. Yeah, I just for a wrist stability. Because I do like to pack on some weight for this. Sure. So just to keep my wrist to say it was possible. I just throw my thumbs up. Cool. How have you normally go on this? I think that's what I do over there. We went to like, what's your 25? I've got some like that. All right. So let's put it in our shirt. Yeah, let's throw a quarter on or a 22. That's what I do. Good. Good control. Good lift. Good. Feet flat. I'm very big on keeping the cup of quarter tight. Feet flat. And your legs should not be flailing. Good. Just keep your feet flat. Push off the ground. Keep that quarter tight. Drive off your chest. And go. Good. Continue. Again. Good. Good. One more. You got this. So you're looking at the width of the arm, the width of the shoulder. You're looking at the peck. You're squeezing that peck and you're twisting. Squeeze that peck. There you go. Just like that. Boom. Good. Boom. Good. So the key is to just continuously build here to fill in that width. Right? Want to keep building those delts. And as we build the delts, rear delts, all of those. You're going to be able to see way more three-dimensionality out of that to be able to keep building onto that shoulder width. Good. Okay. Let's go. Two. Two. Good. Five. Good. Six. Seven. Go. Good. With me now. Stop. Stop. Good. Keep flat and flat. Don't win. Up. Block. That's good. That's one. Two. You notice how he's going down and he's stretching. That's really important. A lot of people stop right when they get to the top of their head. You do not do that. You make sure you go back behind the head and then drive perfect. Good. What's your number? Good. Keep going. And as you develop, the try steps more. You're going to see an arc form. And that's going to fill up his triceps. So it's going to look even more impressive. Keep going. Good. Good. That's good though. Yeah. Control it. Control the top. Up. Control the top. That's it. Like that. Little higher up. Good. Good. Just to try to really focus on that real delt here. So this, we're going to make this twice as big. All by just making sure that he's training it properly, getting the right mind muscle connection. Sometimes when you're doing reverse fly machine, you have a lot of trap kick in, you've got rhombus kick in. With something like this, this will help eliminate the ability for your body to cheat because if you do it right and you don't go too heavy. So, and we're going to be able to, when you do pinkies up, it does create a bit more of that contraction. So you won't be able to utilize as much of that momentum. So that's why I like using pinkies up. But I go back and forth between the two. Three. Good. Four. That's five. Let's go. Five more. Let's go. Let's go. Go. One. Two. Two. Go. Three. Four. Good job. Wow. How do you feel the burn? I'm just watching you. Three. Good. Good for him. Go. Let me get. Good. Go. Go. Two more. You got two more. One more. One more. Marshall. Go. Three. Go. One. Two. Oh shit. That's it. Woo. All right guys. So we just did chest shoulders and tricep. Through in those rear delts at the very end. And I believe we unlocked the next character. So again, unlocked the next character. We've got the 19-year-old phenom here who is basically looking to number one, compete. Number two. Get a pro card. And number three, his goal is to try to be Mr. Olympia someday, which a lot of people who are out there competing want to be, which is all great. But you're going to have to put a game plan together when it comes to training, diet, and any portion of your nutrition, including your supplements. So how was it? It's great. Yeah, I've got to feel the puff. I was able to give it a look at four. I love that like dead filling out to everything. It's very, I mean, she just looked right at you. Yeah. I'm going to put that under the seat. I love this workout because I thank you. Yeah, you're welcome, brother. Yeah, 19 years old. Follow his journey. Obviously, I'm going to put his link down below. And let me know if you think you have a nickname for him. And also, let me know which body part you think you'd want to see us train next in the comments below. So guys, like, subscribe and share. Honey Rambot. I mean, here with the next gen here, Julian Peace.

=== FILE: LEG DAY BEFORE VEGAS  OLYMPIA [VLa401UV89Q].txt ===

All right guys, so we are here for the final leg workout before we leave for Vegas. Very stressful time because there's storms coming into Florida. I know Derek's jammed up over there right now. Do not know if he was able to catch his flight. I know he got pushed back, but we got another hurricane that's gonna be hitting right at Tampa. So again, that looks like it might even go to a higher category. Very stressful for him. Seabumps on his way to Vegas right now. He should be landing any minute now hopefully. And then we are leaving tonight. So hopefully we do not have any delays. But we do have the last leg workout. Yesterday, we sometimes we do our labor workouts on Saturday, we actually had to rest hotty just because he was just absolutely trashed from the week. So what we're doing now is got him rested up and got some good meals in him. He's relaxed, slept a lot. I think he slept like 10 hours last night, just because of the exhaustion of the prep catching up. He felt like it was like two days out because when you get really tired and you start eating and then you start to get like a really, really tired from all the extra food, but it was good because he really, really needed the rest. So guys, pro tip for you. If you're a week out, you've got to make sure that you're doing that last leg workout. Do not go crazy, do not try to break records, but make sure you get that mind muscle connection, time under tension, and work on the weakest body part when it comes to either your quad or your hamstring. So just because it's quad dominant knee, does not mean do not do hamstrings. Today, we're gonna do a little bit of hamstrings as well, but because we really need to be able to focus on his quads, it's really push all of that extra food in there. What we're gonna do is we're gonna really focus on being able to get time under tension and not to go too crazy. How's it? Oh, that's it. Let's see this. All right, so we are hitting up the RTD for those of you that don't know, we are launching the RTD this week, the pre-lunch. So for you, those of you that want to get first dibs on trying the E-Vage and Extreme AQRTD, it's gonna be available at the $150 purchase level this week on a pre-release. That's right, it's not gonna be for sale. It's for all those loyal customers that are going up into that second tier, that $150 spend. They're gonna get one complimentary one because it's not for sale yet. This is just the initial run that we're throwing in right on the get. And so again, after that, there's gonna be an actual release where you can purchase them and you're gonna be able to see them at your local gyms as well as distribution at Centers for E-Vage in that our E-Vage only retailers around the world. But right now, RTD time, it hits hard, it hits fast. It's almost like having three products in one. So, took all the best parts of 3D Extreme as well as AQ, put it all into a bottle that tastes delicious and will release launch flavor is tropic splash. So, again, mixing flavor of pineapple orange, little bit of cherry tastes really, really good. And I'm so excited because we had never done an RTD yet. So, our first one and I'm excited for you guys to try it. So, when you do try it, comment below. Let me know what you think. Alright, guys. So, I'm gonna go ahead and give you another tip. You don't want his warming up. So, another pro tip for you. You notice that I'm touching the muscle when they're extending their legs. Why do I do that? Well, my muscle connection, especially because sometimes they have one leg that's dominant over the other, so they can be able to push, generate even more force at the very top of the contraction. But also, you can also feel how full the leg is when you're carving somebody up. So, when you're doing your routine and you're trying to understand whether or not you're full or not, especially during that last week during peak week or the last leg workout, second to the last leg workout, you can actually feel the muscle of your client or yourself if you're training and you can be able to feel where you are in terms of overall muscle fullness. So, that way as you're glycogen loading, your carb loading, what's gonna happen is you're gonna get a lot more detail versus if your legs are flat. But again, having that sensory feeling that leg and feeling with the contraction is actually, if it's your hitting hard or not with that leg fullness is going to be not just something you feel but you're gonna also get that tactile touch. And that's gonna make a big difference on how full you get because you're gonna actually notice the difference between it being a softer muscle and being depleted versus a fuller muscle and a harder muscle. So, you notice this toes pointing in slightly because we wanna get that outer sweep. This will return to focus on right now. See that outer sweep to fire. You went out for a walk yesterday on his own. Didn't have his phone or anything. We're worried he's gonna get lost. He had a headband and everything else. Imagine him not gonna get your door. You need to use your phone. What do I do? It's strong. It's very warm? So long. Sit up. Good. Really good contractions. Got slimed down a little bit. He's used to going fast, especially when I'm not around. You see all his videos, he goes crazy. But you got to slow down, especially the eccentric. And we're not going crazy heavy. We're just trying to get that really good pump. All right, so what we're doing now is the Pinata 45 degree lake press. We've locked it in, so you're not doing one lake at a time. I so we're doing the lock position and we're working on just making sure that we're stimulating. Again, we're not going to go crazy heavy. We are going to go a little heavier, but not crazy and not so weight. Just really good time under tension. Good. Good. 13. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. All right, so what we're doing right now is the Pinata super squat. Really good depth gives you that feeling of doing a squat, whether it's on a freeway, or on a Smith machine. But does not put as much pressure on your knees feels really good. We're going to get to really just that parallel and then right back up again. So once again, not crazy, not trying to break records right now, but trying to get that mind muscle connection, especially as a glutes kick in as you come all the way down and then you're driving up. 6. 7. All right, guys. So many of you here may not know that a lot of bodybuilders out there really focus on not doing legs the week before and they don't know why they just have a coach that told them you do not do legs the week of the show. Well, the reason for that was that years and years ago, we realized that when you train too close to the show, your legs just get too inflamed. So that's why you start to be able to peel back the days. It could be four days, five days, six days or up to seven days depending on your recovery. That's why you don't want to overdo the legs because you do not want to end up on stage with really full legs without any cuts. So that's why you don't do legs a couple of days before the show and you tend to wait four or five days of pure rest before you end up getting on stage. 2. 3. Yeah. So one thing, still a bit light for them, so we are going to go over and do Smith machine squats, but one of the things I do want to remind you of is, for those of you that are wondering why bodybuilders do not do legs too close to the show, for those that don't know it's because of swelling. You don't want to make sure that you have enough time to recover and your legs dry out before the show. That's why you don't do legs two or three days out before because if you end up getting on that stage, your legs may look fuller, but you're going to lose a lot of those fine details that they're looking for and it comes to judgment. So what we're doing now is we're going to do some improvement in the show. So we're going to do some improvement in the show. So we're going to do some improvement in the show. All right, so what we're doing now is we're going to do some reference squats using Smith machine. And I go too crazy, but we're just going to keep that nervous dance so we can get that out of sweet. Oh, shut up. Oh, Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, hey. All right, guys. So we just got done doing a last leg session here in Texas. Now we're going to head to the airport. Actually, go home, grab bags, then head to the airport with the crew and meet everybody in Vegas. So sounds like everybody was able to make their flights earlier. So that's good. Now we just got to make ours. Next up, Elve. All right, guys. We are on our way to Vegas. I spoke to Derek. He's jammed up for hours at the Tampa Airport. He's got a few weather issues now. We can see him that board. So I hope he's in the board any minute now. And we're going to meet him in Vegas. But he's been seeing him jammed up for a while. I guess another hurricane is coming in to Tampa. So let's do this. That's it. Yes, we are going to go. We're going to train hard. We're going to die hard. We're going to go home. It's a bit of superstroy. Yeah. Yeah. We went now. We went champ champ. And we're going to see if there's ever going to come back. And little baby, E.D. She's a superstar. First time in the channel, baby. That's right. Oh. She says, I love you. I love you. I love you. How can we be? I'm going. Like, you used to be cool. Yes. I remember when we were here, just like, stood up. Yeah. That baby older girl. All right. We are now in Las Vegas. Just saw Derek. He's with Jelsen. Baby, E.D. Trevor is crew. And now we're all heading to the hotel. And what's going to happen now is. We are going to get everything dropped off. And then I'm going to go head to the store, pick up some supplies, and get ready for work out. Number one in Vegas for tomorrow. So, we're going to go ahead and spread out Mr. Seabumb, Mr. Chopon, and Mr. Champ Dirk Lundsford. And what we're going to do is make sure that we do not train too late tomorrow. So, chicken on where we're going to train here in Vegas. But I will tell you right now people will not be in one of the major places that's going to be a destination gym because that's going to be a shift show. But happy to be here.

=== FILE: LEG DAY with WESLEY VISSERS [wVYnR1FK2lE].txt ===

Alright guys, we just got here to Evo Land. Do you think that he married a little bit of the name for Evo Jen? Maybe. But at the end of the day, Shahab, the man here, is really taking great care of us. And we got Wesley in the house. We're going to do a little bit of a surgical precision with legs. We've been talking about getting together ever since we had the podcast. And I know you're going to keep it in the time of off now, right? Do you want to take the next year? Yes, at least the least of the year. Okay. So again, take it back to your off. So you can blow up the legs to match up to the max of upper body. And we're going to do a really focused on both hand. I'm treating quad, quad, dominant. But we're going to also make sure we're not going to neglect the ham stress. So again, it's going to be a good workout. But all day, today, he's been standing, shaking hands, kissing babies. At the Evo Expo. I'm going to do a little bit caffeinated. He's already ready to go. You ready to do it? I'm going to do it. All right. Let me how you normally do a set about 15, 12 to 15 reps. Yeah. How many sets do you normally do on leg extension? Yeah. And you also usually, if you three may be four max. But that's what I'm fully recovered from the show. Okay. So now I would do two working sets. One and a half weeks ago was Detroit's there. But normally you're like the wrong three of these. Okay. Let's see how you're doing them. And then just see how the bowel mechanics is going. Yeah. You go from there. Yeah. You see here I get to the very good stress. If it's still in blood of space, you're like, yeah. I think when it goes heavier, it's going to be perfect. If you feel, if I really show you, it's going to feel like you're going to lock your arm. Because you've locked your knees. You've been locked. Yeah. Honestly. It's a big Indian revolution. Yes. So from here. Yes. Get up, get up. Yeah. It's actually something else. So you can go up to hanging. Yeah. Fine. Okay. So it's something else. Because it's a luggage tension here. Okay. A few of the motions. Yes. The new local muscle walking. That fatella tendon. That pressure prepared. It's kept pushing on there because the examination is higher. So yeah. So you did really go right before that. And you thought it was the first to get the most important part of this very big emotion. Yeah. The farther back, the shorter, the better your clutch will grow. And then it feels like the machine has not hurt your motion. You're going to get the pads to be able to get more range of motion. That putting a pad. Yeah. Yeah. And I knew it was just that. I think I would be able to do this to help. Like the pin-offers I have a true nice physical. It's a lever to serve it to a shoulder back. The handle, the strength of your shoulder. The breathing stretch. We have our old gym. We have our old gym gym. And that's like an infinite range of motion. So it has, like you can put it instantly towards down. So no matter how tall or short you are, you can always get the fourth of the action. That's perfect. All right. Guys, we are doing the leg extension warming up. Make sure your full range of motion. Just going to warm everything up. We're talking to Wesley about making sure you don't feel like you have to lock out your knees. Just right before you go lock out period. The most important part is going to be in the very beginning stage of the rep. And the other thing is that you get heavier. Because the knees are going to want to lift up. You want to do as we want to keep those boots back. And keep that hip down. And some machines will even have a seat belt to keep the hips down. Highly advise to keep the heavy weights to be able to do that. But the key is to treat the right of your knees. And the ground. Or always you take the seat. That's three. That's what we're going to do. I'm going to work on what's coming. FST7 3-load. So what we're going to do is we're going to be now. After the second set is we're going to be timing 30 seconds to 45 seconds. Because we want to do is we want to force the blood in the blood. Now that you're getting a little bit warmed up. So now what we're going to do is just keep forcing the blood in before the puff goes away. We're going to add even more blood to be able to break that barrier to be able to keep growing even the puff. Nice. I like it to help the structural work. So that's one of the main core principles of FST7, the bachelor stretch training that I started along time ago, was to be able to create more intensity even if you're training by yourself. A shorter rest period. So it's a very of German volume training mixed with high intensity. So that's a very nice training. So I'm going to do a little bit of training. So I'm going to do a little bit of training. So I'm going to do a little bit of training. So again, now what we're doing is we're on the clock. We're going to do a traditional FST7 set. So what we're going to do is we're winning 30 seconds between sets now. And then we're going to raise the weight to get into that 8-12-1 range. But the end of dropping from that, then we'll lighten it up. Or if the end of going too many, we'll make it heavier. So you should always stay in the machine when you're waving. Yeah, you can come in out, sketch it right for a second. Sometimes we get light people. And you see the edge, it takes you to the plane. Thank you. That's on fire. It's okay. But you've got to get back on there, on the clock. Yeah, let's go. I'm doing it as I'm feeling to see the contraction. Good. The contraction solid. Good. You're going. A little storm around there, you know. Good. A little storm around there. Good. Nice feeling. A little bit more to go. Good. Good. Keep going. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Again. Good. 3, 3. Good. 1. 2. 2. 1. 2. 1. 2. Good. Now you go off the bottom and you can go 3 part of the stuff. 1. 2. 2. 1 more. 2. Good job. Good. Good. I'm going to block again. So we're going to now. We're going to just keep pumping blood until legs so that his blades get unconstorably full. So we can raise the weight a little bit. Yeah. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Like he said, he's taking some time off. It's a really grow. At least this year may be a little bit longer. But the rest of the season is going to focus on growth. Obviously coming off the show, you want to be able to recover, get healthy. But you also want to be able to utilize the antibodies window to be able to create rebound for the extra calories. So making sure that you're not enough food is going to be important. I don't mind that you're seeing you. You like to eat the machine. You need to have a machine. The Dutch eating machine. I'm going to touch your open screw. I know. We need to be the open. Okay. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Being pulling his butt down into the seat. So we can get maximum range of motion. It's not lifting as he's coming down or hot. Just keeping it really, really planted. You've gone. Good. That's it. That's it. That's it. You're going. Good. Good. Good. How you going? Good. Good. You got four more. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go again. Go. Go. You're going to have partial. I'm going. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Good. That's it. Go. Go. Go. Go. You're going to chew too much. That's it. That's the C7. Yes. Yes. I was saying why so far. Thank you. You. You hate it while it's happening. Yes. You're going to do the exchange rate. The Dutch to American Texan exchange rate. Yes. So one more means four more. One. Okay. Mayors are going to have to match with your shoulders. You have a long way to go. People go. Well. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You don't go. Good job. Go. Good. Good. Good. One more. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. Good. Good. Go. Good. One. One more. One more. Go. Higher. Higher. Higher. Slow. Slow. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Now those are going to warm up set. So now we're going to start getting into the working. So I'm going to couple of sets here. And the FSV 7 range is going to be the work. So we're going to do some things up a little bit of the position. And we're going to do is then maybe even add in a little bit of more force for that. Right now is a perfect time to get in hydration any intercarb also essential amino acids are fantastic. Now as a time you want to be able to do that to be able to help keep feeling the more out. So you do not lose performance while you're doing the middle of your sets. You can be treating your sets. So it's great like a boundary. It's great. We have a boundary like a boundary like a boundary. Okay. There you go. Exactly. I can feel a little bit more of that up a five note. You're going. You're going. You're going. You're going. Good. You're going. And good. Again. Good. Again. Good. Good. Now, to the side. To the side. Good. Okay. Watch this. Good job. Now. Two. Oh. Now. Oh. You're going. Oh. I'm going. I'm going. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. That's your breath. Now it's all mental. Now what you have to focus on is how do you feel placing seconds? How do you feel not being first? Now that's all this is all about. It's all mental. Everybody at this point has genetics and everybody works hard. And now how much order are you going to put it in? Let's go. Come on. Let's go. Wanna play? Come on. Come on. Come on. One more. One more. One more. Hold it hold it hold it hold it Good god. One more just like that. Good now you growing goes or the ground Kennedy's bend or little still more Yeah but I like that wish out to the outer platform on your outer. There you go, there you go. That's it, yeah. Take your hands there, take your feet. There you go. Yeah, push, push, push, push, squeeze out, squeeze out, squeeze out, squeeze five second. Four more seconds, three, two, good job. Go, good, go, toes straight, good. Go straight, go straight, go straight. That's it, that's it. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Marker. Five. Five. Five. Three. Two. Two. I'm holding it. Hold it there. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Five. Good. Slowly down. Hold it. Yeah. Yeah. Good. I'm really good. Yeah. Good. All right. That was your first exercise. Ladies' session, FST7 preload. And what you're doing is pushing so much blood into that muscle that the muscle can't just have to be broken to grow. You can feel at least what you're saying. The fascia. Yeah, huh. It's like it's making room for something new. That's right now. Yes. So should be having like a next level pump. Just the metabolites that you're creating feel so tight right now. We'll see you again. One more. There you go. Push. There you go. Ah, good. Push it. Push it. Push it. Feel that. Feel that pump. Five seconds. Five. Four. Three. Two. One more second. Good job. Good job. Good. We're about to use this a little bit of a little more. Yeah, we're down a little bit more. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. You're a good job. Okay. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. is how is everybody else? You know, obviously Matt is supposed to be a little bit of the rest, but I also think that somebody like Logan Franklin can also, if he goes to the legs up, he'll be very, very formidable because he looks so good at the Arnold and better, you know, there's several other people that we have yet to see at this year that I can't wait to see how they're going to stack up on their Olympia qualifying shows, to see how they're going to do with the last stretch towards Olympia. Do you agree with me? I'd like to make a vote because I think we're talking about the classic physique and I know it's a bit of a question about it and actually try to work it just to work the better for the person of bodyball. But if you think if Logan manages to pull the size of a little bit more, the person who would like to show him like Mike, I think he would be the perfect combination of that press to look and also the math. He has a Mike himself, of course, he won the R-class of the S like, he can pack them off the seat as well. But it's kind of like, yeah, I'm going forward, I can forward a bodyball and look for him or not to, I'm technically a classic look as well, right? And I think that's yet to be defined because again, we haven't had an opinion without a press in the last years. So I think that's going to be something that's going to be interesting because again, Logan continues to fill in his brain, which we can. I think that it's going to be in the seat, plus like I said, there's going to be some others that are sort of changing and I will see how they do qualifying for the show and then see what happens during the interview. I'm sure I'll find this in the audience and get to watch it happen without being one of the guys. That's the fact that you and your friends do this. A little higher up on the contraction. Here you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Watch your hips. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Good. Good. Good. One more. Yes. Hold it. Right there. Slowly down. One more. Reference. Right there. Slow. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So why can't it be these believed in the back circle is just crazy back and now it's just cracking up and exploding down. Straight floating down the metal bars are pow acuerdo. So you should actually take a picture while feeling like that is powerful. That's gone for a very high level of pressure. This is going to be high level. Tahly Cure Watch that gets blown away.MUSIC I don't believe in that. I believe they contraction in very, very early. Almost unbelievable. But still, I would lay towards the stretch a little bit earlier. But a lot of people are here. The M-size of the contraction. I feel like that's in terms of, I think, especially when your body will on stage. What all you do is contract from the course is if you never know the gym, it's going to... The quality and the muscle I teach really well, I have always believed for example the most clear example that's why you can do it twice the tension. We have to lay all the way right. If you never do this contraction, I don't think you can create the same situation of the wall of it. Because it really is a carving index that's sure she goes for the following phase. And that's why the F-S-E-7 method is doing flex sets in between for more time under tension and even increases everything from the tabloids all the way to contraction because you're stimulating, the assimilating, exactly what you're doing on stage. You know whether really exercises that in this way from the mobile bicep being able to do a last spread on a back day or doing a back double bicep on a back day is so important. If you just leave it with the clots, it's like a second bend. If you've never done it for your barely practicing, posing, you're shaking and it doesn't look the same. If anything's sometimes watery and it's because people have an practice without the contraction. Time to grow! That's it Wesley! Again! Go! Go! Go! Go! Again! You go! You go! Try that everything! Oh! Come on! You go! I got you! Let's go! You got three! Three good ones! Everybody's watching, bro! Everybody's watching! I'll break this low! Good slow! Good slow! Good! I'll break! All the way! All the way! All the way! All the way! Break it a little bit! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Slow! Good! Good! Go! Go! Go! Again! Again! One more! Go! Go! You're easy to do! Two! Two! Don't stand back! Don't stand back! Good! Hold it! Hold it! Five seconds! Four! Three! Two! And one! Good job! Enjoy your day! You have to do even during the competition stage. You still have to push yourself. And make sure that I'd rather, you know, in my opinion, it's for you to back off 10% of your upper body training on those intense days. And then put your recovery towards your leg. It's five, ten. Because again, you're trying to see what is going to create the most balance in your physique. Even if you had to turn around and say, okay, I'm not going to beat up my body. Let me turn around and focus on making sure that first day of the week I'm going to train legs. Because I'm coming off and I think that's how I would consider maybe re-proposing playing around a little bit with some of the workouts. I usually have a three-day arm on my arm. Okay, with a three-day arm, I'll start with leg. Yeah. That's what I usually do, but I think it still is a racial, leg upper body is still kind of want to want because I'm training the legs. It's often actually upper body parts, so maybe I'll have to change something. We did another row. I think it has two, three, three, next day, three, leg days, two, part of the legs. But it's my opinion. You can get away with two, I have to wait two, two, two, three days. I'm going to quite know I'm going to hamstring on the left. But you may want to think about going into a three-day arm when they are two days on the knee. Right? So that way you can still be able to rest and build it around one breast day. On each. Yeah. So the first day and the second breast day, bond in the hands. Yeah. Well, my knee exercise, like, I'm going to do a three-day arm. On legs, it's going to be probably about five, five together. Yeah. About five altogether. Not including any clean-up work, like calves and all that air. I'm just talking about, like, I've got some great three-day arm exactly. But about that. Yeah. So that's something that needs, like, this. It's no use to do more anyway. So if you can, you didn't go hard enough to get it. Like, also an argue to use it like one day. You're used to, yes, one day stuff. Right. So you're going to do one day and then, and then, if you're going to go back to the recovery day. You might be able to do it now. No, no, no. It's so much. I would only focus on this type of technique for you, for your legs. I wouldn't just get to the body. You're going to grow like crazy. And then you go to the balance. It's going to grow altogether. But it's still the sink. You can balance. That's right. You're going to get some free ship with those like seeds. Yeah. Yeah. When you're going right out of weight. Exactly. Yeah. That's doing me brawl now. Wait, let's get some one last set on this. Yeah. So we're going to be a second working set. All right. So now we're going to compound motion. That's all right. Now, normally, you, what else do you normally do for legs? Just so I have a good idea. I like Welsh word and I catch what. I love what black brush. But it's really about the machine that allows my hips to work quickly. It's very blues are quite tight. So, and I'm not in my lower back posture. It's a bit too late because it's quite tall. I'm an anchor that's flexible. So when I do it more and the squat and bend, I bend forward. And it's really targeting more. It's not the class at all. But the lower back and the glutes. It doesn't have tight at all. Also, yeah. Gotcha. What about if you did a speed push-up? It's fine. It's fine. Okay. Let's try it. Maybe we can get you some depth. Yeah. And then we can get you some scratch. Yeah. We can get some fibers or body fat. Just do it because that's a minute bit. So it's simply like this. See how that kind of suit. Yeah. I was wondering, like, do you shine here to all of the pressure, right? Yes. So, and you also we, you're in together between basically after our pressure. And then you have to do the impact. I think we did the path catch together. Yeah. You didn't do before the Arnold 5. Yeah. So at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at my last compare to the Arnold. Yeah. But this Arnold also, I think you, maybe heard what happens with me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what did you see at the Arnold and my, to chic? Like, you just looked like you were depleted. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when you, someone said you got sick, I go, okay. Now I understand why they have, right? Yeah. So yeah. So yeah. Some issues. Yeah. It was like the normal virus. I believe and food poisoning maybe together. Because it was like a forced, I bought it. I wanted to force something out of it. I didn't throw up for like 20 years. And then I was a sudden, it happened like, get bigger as me, let's just say. But that's why the side of you be destroyed because I was like, I'm not going to end the season with this, but I shouldn't really do anything about it. So if you, I know how much you saw it, but did you see any, I didn't, I only got to see this couple of photos. And again, the lighting was completely different. Yeah. It was really hard to compare. Yeah. I mean, how did you feel comparing your food? Yeah. I think I looked at the choice pretty much, but I looked like, at the previous Arnold, okay. Because as you probably know, Matt Greggle beat me as the Troy. But I, I, I, I find it really interesting that, contrast because it was only one point different. We crushed it a lot. And then kind of happens on Matt's red. It also be maybe one of their new guys. I think that. So it's a best closer and now. I kind of wonder if I implement your kind of big, something higher there. What would be kind of my, what would be your prediction, what I could do, maybe next year? What's your, what are you already one Arnold left? Yeah. I think it's just that the problem is your ratio is needs to get fixed. Yeah. Because you get in so far easy to provide you. A lot of your, a lot of it's what you've been saying. We just worked with, but again, because the ratio is still off. Yeah. That's the problem. Is it this, we should not improve. And that's been through. Yeah. And that's a hard thing to do. Yeah. But I think that you're honest, I can do really really well because you've done well. Yeah. Yeah. You've gotten so good rubber bodies that is in your, I know the core body, a little bit deeper. Yeah. And certain is here. Yeah. Because I think your rubber bodies grow more. Now because you're living in your weaker, because your rubber bodies, yeah. I always think it's funny because when I compare me, I like someone who beats me, if you only look at the cause, it's like, it's not that much of a difference. But it's because when you're investing the, the upper body, the discrepancy, the difference, then like, okay, now I see it in wedge, the difference between the upper and lower, even though the legs themselves would be other guys, because that's that much difference. It's the upper body, but that's the, yeah. All of the, the bottom, yeah. The real show is that, you have to always, you have to, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think Chris had that nail. Yes. People's maximizing this. The shoulders to the quad, ratio, it's always something you look at. Try it out. When it's quad, it's flat. I always tell them, you know, the quad will be top, yeah. You know, you know, change it, let's get you back onto the Smith machine's quad. Yeah. Yeah. You think that, that would work because again, it's not, it's never showing a verb, from the Smith machine, you know, from the barbell. Yeah. So then we put, so he took it out for a while, and he was like, nope, we've got to put it back in. I don't care, do you know what the technique, we've got to be, I think that's going to be the challenge. We're also the fun about this off-season. As I started bodybuilding, having a lot of fun and training, and upper body from almost always, so much fun to see because you can see the meat at the end of mirror. It's cool that a pump in the mirror, like this, but the light is also something you kind of never really show off something. But it's something I have to change my mindset around. That you constantly have to look at. Yeah. You have to obsess about it. Yeah. Because bodybuilding, especially if this level is about, we're going to have to be a perfection. Yeah. I'll see you. I'll see you. I'll see you. But most of the course for me is like the shoulder-crack. Because you kind of want to bend forward because you like that super tight. That's it. Yeah. I'm going to do it. Yeah. I'm going to do it. Yeah. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to bring your feet in a little bit. Yeah. A little narrower stance. And let's see how you do it with that. Yeah. But I'm going to add a little bit of weight. You're not much. I'm going to do it like maybe a quarter. Yeah. And just to see. Part of the meat. Exactly. We're going to work on your depth. Because if it's too light, your technique will be bad. Yeah. You want to force you in your depth. Yeah. So we're going to put it right. We're going to put it right. All right. Yeah. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm gonna get you as your senway and I'm gonna bring your knees in just a little bit more so that you're not going to go and so on. We're just trying to work a little bit of that sort of mouth over the toes. See how stack it. So we're going to go and use over the toes. So just to sit and wait and out, try to come in and see what that looks like. We're really focused on the, yes, sweet. Yes, yes. Let's see what that looks like. We're really focused on the, yes, sweet. Yes, yes. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to go to the pool. Right there. Go on. You're good. Yeah. Yeah. I get one. One. Five. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's like I said, no, four plates. He's easy. Okay? Like, five if you have a really push yourself. Yeah. Because your muscle is a strong muscle. Yeah. So if you're going to be doing that kind of way, you're going to end up looking. Then when I do the way, then I'm ready. Yeah. You're going to do the amazing changes. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's what you should be doing. I noticed that it's not really about the fatigue and the local muscle. It's more about the overall fatigue right now because I'm about to use it. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It's like I've been coming up on this movement for a long time. Yeah. But it's I know that I should be going a lot heavier here. Yes. Get the tension on the muscles. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You know, because again, you can grow doing it. You're doing it. But just in a skill amounts versus whichever body. So. Yeah. Just trying to just change that ratio. Yeah. You want your body. I provided a load of three to five percent. Like 20 to 25 percent. Yeah. I'm lower about it. You recommend also for me using weightlifting shoes with an elevated heel. I like to use just flat. Yeah. Or if you feel like press without shoes to try to get maximum range of motion. Yeah. I think it's a really good idea to be able to really make sure that you get that flexion because I think we can start with the minute it. Then it's a far more to get more range of motion later. Okay. Alright. Alright. Alright. Good. Good. Oh, we have my waist. That's one. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Good. Oh. Okay, good. You have your brains getting rewired because it knows you can do more. So now it's saying, okay, you got to just quit. Just exactly. Yeah, just kind of breaking up out of the knot doing it. Was that last set? Yeah. For one before the swim that we stood. And then that was when you had to tickle on strong enough. Yeah. So now you're like, okay, no, I have strength to do it. Now I just got to get the mental fortitude to be able to go through the range of motion. I'm not used to doing it. So it's all mental for you. Okay. I think you're holding back a bit. Yeah, for me, it's always possible to show the balance between. I'm not going to let more weight but just like form and compromise too much. Yes, remember, 90% can still be better than 100%. If you're going to be able to do 20 to 35%. Yeah. You're saying, yeah. You guys all have time under tension. Is it going to the truth, weight, to more young? Yeah. Like the balance between risk and rewards. Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to be so strict that you're getting up. You can't 20 more percent weight. Yeah. And then 30 to 90% of strength with form and be able to handle a little bit more low. Now again, don't go to 70% of form. That's going to end up becoming now too much the ratio's in the ball. Yeah. So it's because in the past, it got to lower back injuries and stuff. Like going to have to swing leaves. But it's like you're saying then the form would have already been 70% less of what it should be. Yeah. And proper warm-up and doing these partner consistent bases are going to now be able to stretch you out. Also afterwards, you're going to have to stretch right? Like later tonight, tomorrow, like stretching you out, which is really really important. Everything's going to feel contractive because the muscles are going to get really really tight and that's where your lower back is going to get really tight. Yeah. Up the stretch of the block and foam roll. Very important. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Nice. Yeah. And then you should stretch me out. Yeah. Yeah. Stretch and foam roll. I'm not going to do that. I already do that, sir. Yes. But sometimes, these like so. Oh. I do it. I'm doing a stretch of energy to do the leg day. Yeah. You're going to have to do it several times a week. Yeah. You're going to have to be doing it not just because you're going to remember. You're doing legs twice a week. So you're going to need to be doing stretching three times a week. And then you're going to have to foam roll at least three or four weeks on just your legs. That foam roll is always superior to like a massage. You're on or something like that. Yeah. Back and forth a little bit. The foam rolling is going to be much much harder. That's why it's more painful. The massage is going to be kind of relaxing. You know, way? Yeah. Yeah. Super easy. That's why foam rolling. When with Jay Color we used a completely hard surface. And I thought it was good for no rolling. No, it was made out of pexi glass. Oh, and it was so hard that when you put your leg on it, it would actually feel like you're about to break your leg. But if you would have to do that to try to open up the floor. It's not taking with your foam roll. Because you're so heavy. If you don't use a really tough thick density types of plastic, what's going to happen is you're going to give. And then it's going to be for the feet of purpose. And then it's going to be for the feet of purpose. There you go. Now you're catching it. Come on. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Yeah? It's really heavy. It's heavy. Yeah. That's the coming as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Good. Now, because of the fact that your body is not used to it, I'm not going to push you to go through. You know, I know you can do it because you're going to end up risking more of that lower back tightness. So I'd rather just try to put you one more set of this. Yeah. And then now move on to the next exercise. Then we'll just do something to take your back completely out of it and go into a late press. So that way it takes your back completely. Yeah. It's a good idea. Okay. I really don't help. We did those first two sets. We got to feel immediately where the tension goes. Right. To the, to the Quad's where it's supposed to go now. And that's why you we pre-exhaust them with it. Yeah. Right. That's a very nice thing in the muscle. And not just because of tired or something, it's really here. That's why you want to feel it. Because you got that mindless connection in the first exercise. Okay. Well, your hamstrings are also warmed up from doing lack of lake girls. So that way when you come into the compound, now you got the blood and the quad and the ham. Yeah. True. So you're not coming in with cold hamstrings. Yeah. I also feel the hamstrings in years. Well, I, if they're also working harder than normal. Alright. You can feel that free is movement. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. You can eat it. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Good. Good. Oh, God. You don't get on. Get on. Okay. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Why should we do that? That's it. That's good. Alright. Reaching how squat. It has it squatting a very long time. So I felt like this neck machine would be really going to fish your forearm keeping this deep a little bit narrower. It's so sports. Try to hit that outer sweep to get it more with because the shoulders are so crazy-wise. So again, what do I do with it? Because it's not a V. It's an X. So, I gotta remember, build the width and your legs to match your squat. You're a shoulders. You're a shoulder. You're a shoulder. So keep your toes straight. Okay. You want to try it today? It's possible to get that outer. There you go. Push that in. Let's do it slowly. Come down. Next. And. Good. How's that way feeling? Good. Good. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Good light. Okay. Yeah. The sled is pretty heavy. Yeah. You see how your angle is going in? Whatever your foot's straight. Try to make the decision to be good. And then concentrate on it. I'm going to be your angle's inner round. Okay. Line them up. Come back. Line them up. Good. Good. There you go. That's what I'm having taking. You go up. Go up. Good. And then the other thing is when you come down, go out. Go down. Just reverse breathe. Go down. Go roll it again. Pretty much. Yes. Exactly. Yes. Go down. Down. Go out. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. That's it. Now. Next. Good. So, cue points. Watch your feet. Go to the air level for one another. Okay. Number two. Low out so you get more tap. So you get more range of motion. If your gut is big from air, it's going to stop your range of motion. So make sure you get facilitated that. My breath will reach out. So you come down. So you get it around your inner reverse breathe. So it's going to do a lot of the distance. Yeah. Right. So make sure you do that. And then, make sure you don't hold your breath. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Again. Go. Good. Good. Go ahead. Good. Good. You want to say go. Next. Right there. Good range of motion. Man. Right. Good. And right. You go. You're gonna keep on just going. Go ahead. Go ahead. You go ahead. Go. Go. Good. Little faster. Right. Let's go. It's right. Push. Push, push, push, one more. Come on. Come on. Let push. All right. Right. Pull it and chop. Come on. Come on. One more set. You good. All right. Good tempo. Perfect tempo. Perfect tempo. Perfect tempo. Good. Give us a bit. All right. Good. Good. Give us a bit. All right. All right. There you go. Getting stronger with every rep. All right. All right. All right. All right. You're going. Push, push, push, push. Okay. Now it's time to work. Two of the growing rep. All right. Another growing rep. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Get out of here. All right. Oh. Let's go. Ready toague it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh. Finish it. Oof. Is it the heaviest you've placed in history? Oh man. Even your wife is like, yeah, she goes this morning, you know, right now. Man, indeed, the heaviest two plates ever. Look, super-life, but trust me, the muscles are experiencing something very intense. But this is the foundation. I was gonna have it later, but there's more place of the added. Same double-stain technique, same my most connection as the goal. It's a really build-up foundation of technique, and then the foundation of strength later on. Ooh, feels very accomplished. You know what I'm doing, such sets. Oh. How you doing great job? It's still just 10% of giving birth. Yeah. Maybe 5%. Yeah, 5%. Yeah. We're done. I don't want you to overdo it. I think it's getting. I don't want you to overdo you. But really focus now on making sure that like protein, I would do 100 weeks. Like 4, yeah, postwork out, 75, 100 grams of protein, minimum like 75 right now for you, for your size. But making sure that you're really taking it to the next level. And then on top of that, I would make sure that you're getting that range of motion. Really starting to work great, what we did. But that range of motion is what I was done. Yeah. Trying to get back to depth, and if you did that squad-up, you're going to have to make sure like 4 to be alive. And then you're going to, like, see different things in that sort of company. So, I think we're going to flip this middle Tom. Yeah. Then, you think that few months maybe a lot. We're going to lay it over me. Hexby Squadting that way. Yeah. That's the goal. Yeah. Yeah. We're thinking very much to the inside. Because it needs a lot to be, you know, I've been training for a lot a long time. I said, bodybuilder. From someone like you, with the coaching best, bodybuilder's in the world. That really means a lot because it's a gives me like a tips to really change. I just don't think we don't have to my whole life this. I mean, there's this going to be the foundation of something amazing in future. So, I'm going to really think it's tips to heart and do my best to make it a happy decision. Yeah. I think we definitely do this. So, make sure you don't give up. Continue to focus on, you know, the task at hand, which is really able to possibly improve. Yeah. But, remember, strength is also part of it. Yeah. I'm just intensively working. And also, you can do what you feel. And that time of the adventure. Yeah. Also, are that equation that is also, wait. Yeah. I really need to hear this because you're so over-sadgeted with a technique that needs to be taken in, with comes down, comes down, but it doesn't, doesn't much. The muscle won't respond to all the things like, you're making yourself tired, like being too professional. Right. Now, I really self-confination. So, that's the belief. Right. That's the, that's the squat. I, you know, you see, I believe that I can do more at the reward. And that's the kind of talk. If I might, I need to brush your, uh, faint for that. Go on. Yeah. Yeah. We can pour it. See you in the result. He too. Can you do it? I'll go to it. I'll just take your lunch. Whoo. All right, guys. We just finished up with Wesley. Great, great. Let me work out. Again, not overly complicated. Back to the basics. I just feel that he has to go back to things that were as comfortable, like being able to have a very, very big frame and going deep into a squat. Most of the guys all guys, it's harder versus someone that's my height to be able to squat. So, a lot more range of motion, lot more geography to be able to go up and down. A lot more just difficult. But again, what happens is you end up breaking through those barriers by doing things that are not easy, so your body can actually grow.

=== FILE: Logan Franklins FIRST EVER PODCAST! [mdP59_KrVBE].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Hania Rambad, and I'm here with the runner-up of the Arnold Classic Logan Franklin. The men's physique division was put on notice just a couple weeks ago with the Arnold Classic Logan, how you feeling, brother? Oh, feel great. It's a phenomenal feeling coming from such a successful weekend after so many so many speed bumps. But yeah, I mean, it's indescribable. It's like you gratifying doing of accomplishment whenever you finally get that validation or confirmation of belief, you know? Absolutely, man. I mean, look, you've been around God, when did you turn pro? You've turned pro a lot quite a while ago, right? Yes, sir. So my journey first started in 2014, did my very first show, won that show in the NPC, and then four weeks later went to NPC national championships and won the overall in-mins physique. So board shorts, whenever I was 23 years old, long time ago, I weighed 179 pounds at national's. And yeah, here we are today. So and I think you wanted to Logan, did you do one of my shows back in the day in Northern California? Did you do like the Sacramento, I think, in men's physique? Was it the, it was the governor's top? Never a top. That's right. That's right. That was in men's physique, right? Yes, sir. So that was my project, you. And I got second place. There's a pretty close decision. I feel, but you know, men's physique is kind of hard to judge the physique and all of its attributes. Quality that it can be displayed in. So here. Yeah. I remember you looked amazing. Who was the runner-up edging you out for that show? German by the name, well, his Instagram handles obey the bolts. Oh, all right. James first. James, I remember him by obey the bolts. His name is James first. So yep. And James, James, James is really good. He had the lightning bolts, right? He had the lightning that too. Yeah. He had the lightning bolts that too. And obey the bolt. And that's why he had that. But he was, yeah, he was definitely a force to be reckoned with. And I remember when I first saw you, I was like, wow, this Logan guy man is no joke. That's it. And then from there, I know you did a stint in the army, right? Yes. Well, I, I, I served five years active duty right out of high school. So graduate at high school, the very next month I was shipped off to the base of training. The base of training. Yeah, I see it was like 24 weeks total. And then went through the real army. December 2014 served fourth-in-petuit division in Fort Carson. Second brigade was out there until I, I was out there until sometime 2011, I can't remember the day that I deployed, but we went to Afghanistan in 2011. I think it was like, maybe August, so 2011. And then return home, basically, it made, it made 26 of 2012 was whenever I came home from Afghanistan. And then did a couple more years in the army and wound up getting out and starting this journey, this direction. So, wow, a lot of it's a long origin story. Yeah, well, first of all, thank you for your service. I mean, you know, you know, we wouldn't be free without guys like you willing to put your life out on the line. So, so thank you for that. That's, you know, to be able to go do that, we're all appreciative of you, as well as our, all of our armed forces guys that go out there and protect our country and protect our freedom. So, thank you for that. And I want to also say, you, when you were in the army, were you already training and you were kind of into it or did you just switch over into it right after the army? So, my time in service, my mindset and focus was never to be a bodybuilder. It was never, I want to get out of the army and compete and step on stage, become this massive figure. It was just to be as lethal as I could, you know. So, training the gym, I was in the gym five, six days a week, but it wasn't necessarily like I said to build muscle in terms of stepping on stage. It was just to have a, you know, more capable body, you know, stronger, bigger, faster, stronger that whole mindset and to be lethal. You know, all that's all that's my, that was my mindset from 18 years old to 23. And, you know, I, I managed to develop the physique that I had at that time to be able to earn a pro-card, post status and the I-FBB. And that was really where it began, you know, I knew nothing about the I-FBB and competing. I wasn't, I wasn't one of those guys that was involved in the shows as a kid, you know, their parents competed and my dad worked out and I had uncles that trained and all these things and, but I was never around it, you know, I never had that, that vision of competing, you know, so early on. I was kind of lost and the military helped give me direction and, and, you know, it helped me get on the right path in life. So, yeah. So, in the military, that really wasn't my mindset because, like I said, I wasn't around it. I didn't, I didn't know anything about it or anyone involved in it. And I went to the 2000, 14 Mr. Olympia because I was, I was there, I was going to do photo shoots with some, with some photographers and I still had not even said about the stage for the very first time, but at that Mr. Olympia, I saw the minced physique guys and I was about, you know, generally the same muscularity as them and I felt, I mean, I'm a very competitive individual. So, sure. There's a matter, it doesn't matter what it is if it's bodybuilding or baseball football, race motorcross, MMA doesn't matter if it's playing cards or whatever, you know, I want to, I want to do everything I can to win, you know, fairly, right? And, yeah. So, I saw those guys, something on stage and then and I just felt that I could be competitive with them and it gave me a weird kind of motivation to try it. I was a first year. That was the first year, I think Jeremy won, right? Was it year or was there? Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. That was the very first year of Jeremy won. So, I watched Jeremy chase him post-since that he had the big, Steve Cook was up there. Yeah, Steve Cook. All the OGs, you know, the guys that really kicked it off the pioneers of the minced physique division, you know, I saw these guys and, and, yeah, I guess I got that spark and never looked back. I got more, I got more sucked in the more that I tried to do good because I guess I guess you could say my starting out, I got to be really quick, because I mean, four weeks into a pro status, weighing an overall at a national championships is pretty, pretty cool. And honestly, at the time, I didn't even realize, I guess how big of a deal it was to win the overall that show. If you were asking me, you realize what you did and I was just like, no, I won, I guess, you know, I'm a pro current. And so, yeah, that's how green I was. And when you got, when you did that, your base in Texas, because right now you're like, what in spring, you're like, it's pretty good. Yeah, North Houston. And does that where you grew up? Yes, yes, so I'm a Texas man, you know, but here since I was born in Minnesota, my family relocated to Texas before I even turned one. Okay. And I grew up here from that point until I joined the military and then I had my, you know, my travel with the army. And whenever I got out of the military came back home, here we are, 30 years in Texas. That's awesome. Well, we love it here too. I mean, you've been here for 30, you've been here for 30, we've been here for three. And we love it. So I love you here. Yeah, brother. It's been, it's been a great ride. When you came in and you started competing, did you feel like you were ever going to leave the men's physique class or how did that end up going to classic? What ended up happening with you on that thought process? So classic physique started in, I think it was 2016. And whenever it came, I remember seeing the physique that first and I just, I didn't really, I didn't really make me want to just jump into the division the very first year. However, I guess it meant to see people said I had legs. So I could, I could cross over. He's got legs, he took it out. So, you know, that got put into the back of my head at about, you know, 2016, 17 range whenever it first got introduced into the IFBB. But it didn't, it took until about mid to later 2017 for me to really see that that was my direction and that I was eventually going to cross that way. Just because, you know, every time I was in the gym and I would take pictures or send photos updates to my coach at the time or any coach that I've had since then. I mean, obviously now, I'm in, I'm in classic. But at that time, especially, I was doing poses. I was, I was trying to hit poses front double-byes, I just just to see how I looked. And, you know, I started seeing doing that. I started seeing similarities between, you know, I hate to say because it sounds like I'm too much more and but, you know, really great, you know, like, similar but new. I started seeing qualities of, you know, lines and similarities between lines and shapes of things and how, how the body is starting to develop and the proportion starting to fill out. So, you know, I just, in that, in that moment, I said, you know what, I'm just going to, I'm going to chase this type of look, the completed look, the ultimate proportionate, every muscle develop, but nothing, nothing overpowering and try to have this old school flow. And I just really started trying to I, I speak areas from that point on to develop this proportion and this quality that I see in these pictures, these epic photos of these guys, Sean Ray's, Flex Wheeler's Kevin LeVre, all these guys whenever they, they just, they, they got their physique to that perfect size of proportion before they got too big, but they were just like, right, you know, everything was completed and, and I, the more I studied those shapes and started applying the knowledge that I knew and, and developing more knowledge and understanding of my physique, I, I just realized, wow, I, I really like to do this and, you know, I got more and more passionate about it and, yeah, it just, like I said, it sucked me in further and further and until the point where I, I said, I didn't going to do this and at that point, you know, it was, I was so, I was so thin that this is where I had to go. So, no, that's great, man, because it sounds like you have, you had an eye for it from the get go. I mean, obviously, you were a bodybuilder in aficionado before you became men's physique and then as you grew at immense physique, you had those grates in mind and I think when you sit down and you look at it and you grew up in that era of of of of the Kevin LeVrones and now all the all the different athletes that you mentioned, what they had is they had a really good balance of size, conditioning, fullness, no major weak body parts, everything was just really flowed and so as you started putting on size, when was your first men's physique show? Class of Physicians, I say. My first classic show. I did the 2019 Tampa Pro, okay. That was the very first show that I crossed over and that's the very first we can have August. My very last men's physique show was the Arnold Classic earlier that year. So I literally went from mince physique and March to a classic debut at the beginning of August. Took no time, didn't, didn't, didn't have like any offseason to grow and put on an incredible amount of size. I weighed 203 pounds at the time that I transitioned. So I wasn't one of the guys that completely, you know, starts to blur the lines from mince physique to classic before I'm like, okay, I'm competitive enough here and now I can go over here and no, I said, screw it. I'm going to try this whole artistic look and see how well I can do and I'm going to put it all in the line, you know. I want to I want to try to have the better physique rather than just the bigger physique, you know. I always had this this idea of bigger doesn't always mean better, you know, especially if you're generally the same size, maybe, you know, maybe one person could be slightly bigger but if you have a better physique, you know, you chase a better physique in the quality physique and that was my idea so it didn't matter of the weight. So that's why I just went and instantly crossed over. I wanted to see what I was capable of and and a place third at that show. Yeah, that's really good for your first time brother, like, it's, you know, to be able to go in the same season from mince physique, did you, how much weight did you gain from the Arnold and where did you place at the Arnold in mince physique that year in 19? A place third or fourth, I can't remember. Okay, so you're in the top five and then you're like, even though you're in the top five, which is in the hunt, you're just like, hey, I want to just, did you feel like I just want to go bigger or I just feel like I'm complete. Let me show it. I felt that I wasn't really placing where I wanted to play, I mean, everyone always do as they don't place where they want to place when they're placing high, right? But at that time, especially I felt that I was getting beaten by physique that didn't necessarily have the same look. Like if we were to strip everything down and start posing, I felt that I would, you know, surpass these guys, but it was mince physique. So you only have, you know, front and back shops. So you're very, very limited. And I wanted to eliminate that, that, you know, you're only have two poses and have a better opportunity to show my physique and have more chances to show that I can be victorious or I am the winner over just, hey, I'm going to stand here with my front abs and I'm going to turn around and just show my back, right? Right? It didn't seem as fun. It felt like I wasn't, I wasn't progressing anymore in the ranks. And I started to, I started to kind of fade and I was losing, I was losing, passion four men's physique very quickly because I started to feel dumb as well. I mean, I was, I only weighed 200 and three pounds. I'm, I'm six foot, you know, I get, I get measured a hair under six foot, but, you know, I'm six foot. And so 200, three pounds is not very big, you know, everyone called me stringy and skinny and right. And so I, yeah, that's hard Logan because you're right. Some physiques, you don't see the full potential until they squeeze their chest until they do a back to bullby sap. They hit a front double bicep side chest. And then, but they look really, really good from the front and the back when you're not really posing, even though those are two poses in men's physique, they're not really hitting the muscular, it's not, you know, muscular in nature. So you're not able to really show the roundness, the depth of the physique, the depth of the muscles, the separation of the muscles. You just have your hand on your hip. And then, you know, sometimes you're doing a little bit of movement through your arms, you squeeze a little bit of your chest, you twist slightly and then you're blowing out, you're showing your abs and then it's right to the back, right? And now you're thinking, wait a minute, I'm not, I like to pose. I want to get into the mirror. I like what I see when I pose, but I don't get to show any of that because I'm in a division that doesn't allow you to hitting any of those poses. So that must have been pretty frustrating. Yeah, very limited, very limited and, you know, I was working extremely hard to have this balance within my physique because I was chasing the physique that I saw, like I said, some mirror, Lea LaVra, these guys that they were not, they were not so big that you're going on, don't ever want to look like a refrigerator, you know, but their bodies were so beautiful and completely and the quality was fantastic, you know, separation, striations and every single muscle lines from insertion to connection, you know, everything, it made you go, wow. And it was artistic, the bodies flowed, they're posing and that's what I was like, I got to look like that. So I'd strained like that and, you know, so I'd strained my legs hard and I trained my full physique but these guys and mince physique, they would not do so much on their lower bodies, you know, and, you know, board shorts down to their knees at the time, especially. And I'm feeling my shorts out. A couple of the guys like Jeremy, you coach Jeremy, you just worked with Phil, you know, so there's very few of us that actually trained the full physique. And then I started getting past up by guys that were just developing so much muscularity of top and I could have keep up with it because I was growing at a slower rate chasing the quality over the over just your quantity. Well, that's of certain areas. Yeah, right. So when you're doing that, where was your weight now? Now you fast forward, you play second at this year's Arnold, you look absolutely fantastic, you and Patrick did an amazing job. And again, everybody knew for many years, many years, even back when when you competed at the governor's cup, that there was potential there, I'm sure you went through your ups and downs, right? Like did you have some dark times on that side? I mean, in terms of like wanting to give up, you know, it's been a very bumpy road and, you know, it would have been totally understandable for anybody to just say, excuse me, I'll only be stuck in, you know, right? But you know, I just got, I don't know if I'm, if if I'm just fucking lost in the head or if I was born with it or something or I just can't quit, you know, I can't give up and whenever I truly believe in something, I can't let it go. And that's where I was at the the whole time chasing this dream and I truly felt that I had this potential inside of me, I just haven't been able to nail it and showcase what I have to the fullest of my ability because I can't land on the day and it's taken me such a long time. I've never peaked, but you guys finally, the world finally got to see me peek at the Arnold and it felt so good because of how many shows I've done and and I've been close, I've looked really great, but there's always something off whether there's something, there's some, there's some kind of factor that I that something didn't go right and I stressed myself out, you know, a lot of my career and I put so much pressure on myself and I live with PTSD and that doesn't help and I don't get the greatest sleep all the time so that doesn't help. I, you know, I've had issues with with home life stuff that I have allowed to affect my mind so there's been a lot of things that have that have made it difficult for me to really just lock it in and, you know, be at peace and and not stress myself out and just so allow myself to go with the flow and relax the body, relax your mind and to nail it on the day, you know? Yeah. And then I started getting to the point where I would, I would miss my peak so many times that, you know, people stop believing to me and that doesn't necessarily, I don't need people to believe me because obviously I kept believing in myself but then whenever you're going through it, you got to go, oh shit, you know, people, these, these guys are coming in but you know, I was here but now I'm fading, what do I got to do? How do I get better? Am I going to mess my peak up again? Am I going to land the plane? You know, you have all these questions that go through your mind and like what am I doing wrong? Is it my physique? Is it, is it, is it my timing? So all of these questions I had to answer in and over the years I've just, you know, I guess figured it out one little thing at a time and and, you know, finally, well, there's so much more to the story of, I've worked with a few different coaches and and then I worked on my own, I went about two years self-coaching the last two years and then in the last year, a year ago, I contacted Patrick Tuer and I explained to him everything that was going on and you know, he told me that he would be very excited to work with me and I told him I was excited, I would be to work with him even though I was so set on just, you know, I'm just going to self-prep because of things that have happened in my past, you know, things that have happened, tried in the time and peak and and there's a lot but we got together and I managed to, you know, just we, we connected, you know, he's a really calm guy, he is very intelligent, very meticulous on what he wants to have done, very, the plans very basic, you know, like just back to the basics, you know, the trick in the rise, the oils, the, you know, nothing, nothing extravagant, know, even if it's your macros, you have this freedom to go do whatever. I've done all the diets, you know, I've done everything but just getting back to the basics of, hey, let me just write this down and you just stick to this and just listen, took out the stress from me having a guess of, okay, well, you know, I get a hundred grams of carbs, this meal, what all I want to eat, all I want to have rice, potatoes, all I want to eat with a bagel, whatever, you know, and just, I eliminate a lot of things. Patrick Ture, you know, he, let me just say he got me back on track, he got my mind to just calm down in. This year, it was so different because I, you know, my son is a little older now and and it's much easier to be able to balance the whole body building life and dad, life, family life and be able to give my efforts towards body building without taking so much energy away from my family because that's what I refuse to do. It's take more energy from that. Even though I want this so bad, you know, it's okay, five, right, you're sons five. He turns five me first. Nice, nice. Yeah. And so that was another thing, you know, trying to the last five years, trying to understand, okay, how can I go about not giving you up on my dream and still being the best dad that I can be, being the best husband that I can't create, creating this atmosphere at home to where I can still taste my dream and it not destroy what I've got going on over here and that's what I refuse to do. So the last four, well, up until this point now, you know, like I said, it's going to be easier, but the first few years, it was just very difficult, you know, trying to try to balance all of that. We didn't have any help, you know, grandparents around, no family, no friends, we're just here. And my wife and I, I think, God, she's so amazing and she understands this life. She competed as well. So she understands what I have to give in order to, in order to have this product that is expected to, you know, do well or to be great or whatever, you know. So, I mean, if she wasn't so understanding and so great, then there's no way I would have been able to continue this. So a big, a big part of it, the big piece of it is, is her, keeping us all just strong and me being able to say focused as much as I can while still, you know, trying to keep the home atmosphere right, you know. So a lot of, a lot of learning lessons and a lot of a lot of opportunities for me to grow, you know, not just as a competitor, but most importantly as a dad, you know, as a husband, as a man, you know, things that I have to actually take care of and, but like I said, still still chasing that dream because it's so important, you know, there's so many, there's so many parents, not just dads, but moms who, you know, they have kids and then what could have been will never be because they just fucking give up, you know, and they don't, they, they, they get caught up and how difficult it really is, you know, having a good, a good home life and being a good dad or being a good mom and, and, you know, it's just so important to me, it's so important to me to have that and to keep that because I don't want to get to the end of this career and no matter how well I do, you know, have regrets of, well, I should have done it differently with my family here because that's going to be forever, you know, and that's going to be part of my, you know, part of my legacy is just to show that I, that you can still chase the dream and still have a, you still have a good family life and you just got to hold on, you know, you just got to write out the storm and that's what I did, you know, I kept going as much as I could, I did the best that I could, you know, I kept hitting wall after wall, you know, but every time I said, this is not it and I would give it another attempt. And here we are, you know, it's just how it was raised, my dad raised me, you know, I'm sure so many people out there, you know, you did knock down, you stand up, you stand up every time, you did knock down nine times, stand up 10, it's just one of those qualities that, you know, was beaten in to me and then the military and all these experiences in between, you know, has led me to just having that, just that undying quality, you know, and, you know, and, man, I'm just grateful that I never quit, I'm grateful that I never gave up and then I kept going, but still, I did it the way that I needed to by taking care of my family because my family, it worked great, you know, at least that's how I feel. And then the bodybuilding stuff, my career is starting to finally pick up again, you know, I didn't sacrifice one just to have a little bit of a little bit of awesomeness over here. I have, I have the love and the support of my family and my son is, my son is he's involved two with things and he just excited and I'm, you know, it's hard to explain, I guess, but no, it's special bro, you know, it's not, it's not that hard. I think people that are listening to this, a lot of them see my family, right? My son's now 11, he's doing backstage interviews at the Olympia, right? When the guys, my guys that I was coaching was on stage, you know, he's emotionally attached to him, you know, and, you know, running back with all the guys and taking photos afterwards and just, you know, watching everybody and it's just, it's, it's, and you, you're having a partner who has done it makes such a huge difference. Not all partners have to do it, but they have to be a backbone because if you don't have a partner that's a backbone, you're never going to be able to be anywhere close to where you are now, period, and especially in this because as much as people think that you're the alone and you're the product of what's on that stage, it's not. It's the village that you built around you, it's the team that you built around you that got you there. And I think it sounds to me like between your wife having the ability to give you such great positive, you know, reinforcement and that that entrenched ability for you to never to give up and then having the ability to have your family life, but also have your career too. She's allowing you to do that because you have to be able to step away and not stress and make sure that she's got the house in order when she needs to to do her job and you have to be able to do your job. That's why it's such a complimentary thing when you have a great partner and that goes for a guy that competes or a woman that competes the other way around. And I think all of those things are part of the chemistry that is starting to come together for you and then being able to reduce your stress because again, people have stress in their life at different levels, but you also talking about your PTSD, right, having to deal with that. Do you feel like you've got a bit better at that with this prep too with just being able to control that a bit better? Yeah, I've managed to, well, it's not just this prep, but over time, over the years, you know, just getting better and better and how to manage things and how to manage if I get short with something or if something sets me off. But what we affect that more is whenever, if something, if I would allow something else to keep me on edge with, you know, my personal life, my family life, you know, things outside of my immediate family, not my family in my household, but family outside of this building, you know, outside of my house. Yeah, a lot of issues there with things, but that would make it worse, you know, if you keep your on edge from something and you're ready to be set off, PTSD is not going to help, you know, and so, you know, it's got to the point in 2025, I finally said, you know what, I'm done, I'm done with all these, with these certain individuals that are sending me on emotional roller coasters and love bombing me and, and, yeah, you know, once I once I made that decision to, you know, let go of those people, I was able to just really stay calm, not have not have those up and down emotional up and down roller coasters that are constantly going through with these people, yeah, the I think these people, but it's really like one person, unfortunately, but it's hard to talk about, I'm saying this isn't a podcast, people, but it was wrong with this guy, you know, I think I think it really is there, you know, yeah, I mean, there's stuff there and, and believe me, you're not alone, man, everybody goes to it. I mean, even social media, right? Even social media can create triggers, because now all of a sudden, somebody you may be competing against shows this amazing picture in the bathroom with a magic light, right? You know, with a roll up door and they come around and you're like, oh, shit, this guy looks like he's 20 pounds bigger than me and we're the same height or this guy looks like he's 20% harder than I am and we're, you know, a couple weeks out, you know, whatever it is, and then it starts to trigger and your mind kind of goes nuts and a lot of people do that, whether you compete or not, social media creates anxiety, right? Because it's everybody's highlight real, did you cut that back? Was that something that you cut back or cut out or how did you handle the social media aspect of the roller coaster? So I hear you're saying with the looking at other competitors, but somehow I'm, I'm interested not really allow looking at other competitors to bother me because I understand what you just said in the highlight real people, you'll think, you'll take a hundred photos and pick the very best one and then a lot of these guys will go and they'll, they'll sharpen things and they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll super HDR stuff and I don't do that. I just, I take it and whatever lighting I post it, if it's the free time of the night posted, but I pulled back from social media just because social media is just so freaking toxic and it's not, it's not like I said, looking at competitors that will make things, I do go up, it's reading the comments of little trolls or people that don't understand what we're doing and that are just there to be haters, you know, people that are just absolutely unhappy with themselves or whatever they've got going on and I think that is what bothers me the most and you know, I'm already introverted as it is, you know, so it's like, you know, developing a following and then you're introverted and then I have all these people here, you're exposing yourself to and, you know, then they have whatever they want to say and they stay whatever. I've never gone into someone's page and just like start a straight, talk and shit, you know, I've never told them that I want to do that. So like, so my, my straight is like, I want to just see these people person would never say this to my face, I would destroy this person, you know, and so curious to go, it has happened multiple times, even other competitors that tried to to create some kind of controversy kind of like, with me and then they'll see me, they'll see me in person and they'll just be like, it looks the other way, I don't understand what it is, I mean, you keep the same energy in person, keep it offline, you know, but the different, like, in front of them, Logan, did you ever, again, like, to the point where you had to like, there's been multiple times, you know, I don't know if we want to talk all the way back, but there's been situations over the last 11 years I've gotten into with some some other competitors, but yeah, it's, it's really just the toxicity of social media, like I said, that pulled me away and I still post, I do what I need to for, you know, endorsements that I have to make the obligations, but outside of that, I prefer to just be off the grid, you know, I feel so much better, I feel so much better and, and yeah, it's just, it makes you go damn, I can't imagine what it would have been like in the 90s or early 2000s or anything before that where, where, you know, guys like myself that are chasing this dream could just really focus and not have this constant, this constant app that allows fans to interact with you on a day-to-day basis and, and, you know, I say that, but I don't want to make it sound like, I don't want fans to be able to interact because it's such a great thing as well, you know, being able to have social media and, and people that would be able to follow you, it's amazing, and being able to reach, you know, incredible amounts of people and inspire those, but, you know, like I said, there's just that toxic side of it that makes you just want to say, you know what I'm off of the sound right now. Yeah, there's boundaries that have to be limited to in terms of like what people say and think because there's never been this kind of worldwide access like there is now because of social media, you're right back in the 80s, 90s, it was magazines in the early 2000s, it was message boards, and now you have social media. So, you know, it was definitely much more focused back then because you wouldn't even see the results or the pictures of the shows until three months after the show and then you'd see Dorianni H1 and whoever else was going on, you know, Lihani, any of those types of big-name figures, you wouldn't be able to criticize them in open public and then especially you wouldn't be able to see the comments, you don't have 11 judges anymore, you have 7 million, 10 million, 30 million online that are all going into the different message boards and someone takes one picture and says, this guy should have won or you don't look good or whatever happened. So, it is a bit of a mind-fuck, right, at the end of the day, you have to try to kind of filter that out and it's tough, but it sounds to me like you've got your house in order right now, you came in, you peaked, it looked absolutely tremendous, I think, you know, again, and you're always a dark horse, but that you're now no longer the dark horse, now all of a sudden you're the guy that came in and said, hey man, I'm going to push Mike, I think you did, I think Mike looked great, I think, but again, he came, he came with a great structure, you came in with amazing conditioning, you have that three-dimensional pop, you had a great amount of separation and it was funny because I was at breakfast with Seabum and he saw some pictures and he showed me pictures of you and this was before, this is before pre-juggling and he had posted and he goes, wow, he looks like it was you're in your kitchen or something, I don't know, it was when you're a man being, okay, and then he's like, hey, check it out and I was like, wow, let's see if it shows up on stage like that, because I've seen pictures of you in the past and I go, you know, again, let's see what that looks like on stage and then it finally came to fruition, right? I finally, and like I said, Chris and I were just talking about it in the breakfast because we went to breakfast the first day of the Arnoldy Texas meeting, I was like, let's go to breakfast and I said, okay, and then when he pulled out the pictures and he was just like he was going on social and he saw something and then he wanted me to look at it and so I saw it and now I was like, this is great and and then so then I started to get really because again, I was like, okay, can't wait to see him on stage, I saw the pictures that Chris showed me and now it's like exciting because you got Mike who was really kind of like the guy, right? He was like, he was the guy and then Wesley was a question mark and then unfortunately, Wesley just, you know, I heard he got sick a couple of things he was here on the podcast about a month out from the show, we had him on the podcast and he was tracking really well but I heard that he did have some things go sideways when he got there and I believe he got sick but I do believe that he still needs to work on his legs and some other things but then you just had to just basically nail it and then you got Mike who has amazing shape and now all of a sudden you're like, okay, you got this guy that's a crazy crazy shape guy which is Mike, he's got really round muscle abilities but then you kind of have a hybrid and then you have amazing conditioning came in dead on and then I'm just like, okay, cool, now it's a show, right? So now now it's a show. So I was like, wow, this is really good and then running off the top five guys like Matt look great, I saw Matt look great but it was one of those things where you know, I know Matt was expected to look great, Matt was expected to be up there, you know, obviously Mike was expected to be there after the Olympia but it was you that was the unexpected one that and that's why with everybody asking, hey, man, let's get Logan on here, let's see how he's feeling, let's see what he's doing. So what are you doing next, man? What's next for you? Well, next for me, honestly, I'm not too sure right now, because you still have to qualify, right? You still have to qualify, right? Yes, sir. Yes, so I'm definitely going to be figuring out which show that is going to be but right now it's nothing within the next month or so. I need to take a step back and just go, okay, breather family boom, then I'm going to go in. Okay, that's just what I got to do and you know, I have to do this way because I'm not a guy that's that can just give it all to the sport and just go so, so, so, and not worry about, you know, being here for anyone, you know, so, because you've got Pittsburgh, you've got Pittsburgh possibly, right? You have New York pro. Those are two amazing shows. Great shows, but I can't do them because my son's birthday, may first Pittsburgh's May 3rd. My wife's birthday is May 9th. New York is May something is right after my wife's birthday, so it's just I, it's almost like I refuse to be in that position on their birthday. You know, I want to, I want to do something with them for them, you know, and then, you know, I'll come back and do you think maybe like in June, do you think it'll probably be, it'll probably be in October, October. We're thinking a later show, okay, later show, but try to qualify again for this year's Olympia though. Oh no, don't, we're definitely going to qualify and we're definitely going to be at the Olympia. Awesome. It's just right now, I want to, I want to just go through a health, make sure that I'm healthy, which I am, I just got my blood worked back, everything was great. Everything was great. So just kind of taper things back, you know, go back to the drawing board to see how I can, I can improve in the short amount of time that I have, and come back and try to show the very best version of myself once again. Yeah, well, again, you guys did a stellar, stellar job and it sounds to me, you know, combination of stress management, making sure that everything else is on point balancing out the family and everything else. And, you know, did you change anything on your training? Was there anything on your training that you changed? Training, my training is just constantly developing to where I'm, I'm discovering my body more and more as I go, you know, I feel more areas of my physique, the more that I train and, so just the change would just be the connection to my body more. Am I in my second? Yeah, better connection with myself and just, you know, working more on my, on my lagging areas at home, I have a home gym and my garage, so okay, I do touch up some my garage quite often, I work on like small muscles, you know, detail work, you know, or if I have something that that I really want to bring up, say something in my upper back or my last, so, you know, I can, I can hyper focus on that area and really manage, really get it to to develop or break it down further after a workout or so, you understand? Yeah, yeah, and I, and I, and I, and I see it because I see the GT3 in the background, you know, yeah, which I, I just walked through, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just took mine out for the first time in a couple of months because I've been in driving mine. I'm like, oh, I'm, I'm going to start up as I can start up. Oh, man, you have a Porsche as well? I have a GT3 touring. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the touring is well. Yeah, touring manual. It's a manual touring with the the race bucket seats. So, oh, yeah, yeah, you think you're doing it together? No, it's, it's, it's stock, but it's just perfect for me. I don't, you know, I've had, I had a lot of Porsche's in the past, but this is my favorite, I've had faster cars, you know, Porsche's that were really fast that I tracked, but this is something where for the street, it's great because it's a manual too, and I love driving the manual on street, because it makes you feel like you're going faster than you are. Right. And it's got, and I was able to spec it out where it's the O-Green metallic with the, with the gold wheels. So, it's, yeah, yeah, and yours is probably purple, right? Yes, it's, it's, the name is Frozen Amethyst titanium. It's beautiful. So, it goes purple to blue in different lighting, and a little bit of pink shade. You, you have to see it, it's different between right in the middle of the daytime compared to, uh, sunset hour or if there's overcast. Oh, the color is a dick. Yeah, Chris has got one now too. Chris has got to, yeah, he's got a, he's got a, a winged car that's a manual as well. As you're of manual or as you're, no, I got a PDK. PDK. So, not yet. Now, you don't have to worry about traffic. Yeah, there's a lot of traffic out here. I drove manuals for a very long time, and I actually was buying a manual in the GT3. Before this one, I was, I was working to deal with the dealer, and I was trying to get him to come down a little bit. And I think it was like four days later of me just waiting to see what he would respond. He, he has to be back up. He was like, hey, yes, so a buddy of mine at this dealer. He, the dealer that, he works at put in a, uh, a down payment on the car. Oh. And I thought he was pulling my leg. I thought he was just trying to, you know, have owe me a little bit to try to give me to just pay that price. When he ended up being the case that he actually wouldn't bought the car. And so I was like, hey, okay, so I look for the, the next one that was in the same price range. And it was a PDK. And I said, you know what, I want this car so about I don't even care if it's a manual PDK. It's going to be sick. I'm going to love it. And I do. I love it. It's the best car ever. Porsche. I love it. Yeah, they'd be good. Beat the crap out of them in terms of the rate about ice to track mine all the time. And all the other cars, you know, I, you know, GTRs and this and that. I think I did. Yeah, GTR, yeah, GTR, but I would overheat my GTR transmission at Laguna Saka after about five or six laps, especially if I wasn't super hard or if it was a little bit warmer day. And we didn't have the Texas weather. It was California warm day would be like 75 80, well, about 80 degrees, 82 degrees. And then fifth, six, seventh or lap. And then all of a sudden I get a, I get out transmission heat warning and I got a cool, cool, cool, cool it off. And then I'm like, I got to go get a transmission cooler add to it. But my GT4, I loved, and then I used to have a GT2 RS. And that car was super fast, but it was almost too fast for the street. Oh, man. But it was, I get a voucher. That's 82. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But they're, they're great cars. And like you said, they're, they're, they're amazing, amazing cars. You're going to have to drive, drive it up to Dallas one of these days, man. Bring it up. That's a long drive for you, though. It's probably what it's three. Yeah, I'd be sure you're much into driving up there. But it's just, it's going to drive it back. Yeah. For sure. Your back is going to be like, oh, man. That's the option. Totally do it. I could totally do it. I could totally do it. Love every second of it. But then I just think of dang. I'm going to buy new tires soon now. Yeah. That rock is a tire. We go. We're going to worry about rock chips from our chips. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. The road actually does tear up the little sized for areas a lot with those rocks. You know, whatever, you know, I'm keeping the car forever. So I don't care. Yeah. Man, you got to enjoy it. A lot of people make them into garage queens. This way I took mine out the other day. I'm like, I got to, I got to, I got to take it out. I got to take out more of my cars. I got to, I brought several of them from California with me. And I'm like, man, I got to take these out more often. Because I'm, you know, I've been able to car guys since I was a kid. And I think, I'm so great. They're so great. So, I'm digging the drive shifting. You actually should. I just flop in the year. You know, it's fun and I'm sure you get on the paddles though. You're probably going to get over that. I always drive it. I always drive it in the slopshift. So it's fantastic. I've done everything to it that you can do except for like boosting it. But then you lose the soul of the car. You know, it's a DNA car. Yes. You know, I've got, I've got, you know, Doug and headers exhaust. Nice. Let's see. I did a double X frame roll bar, roll cage, multiple tire of grade changes. I've done two different tubes. I did an initial tune. And then now it's on a second tune with E85 tune. So now we're going to be 85. And yeah, it's great. It's fast faster than it would be. But no, the nice thing the nicest thing about that car is actually the fact that it screams, right? Because it does 9,000 RPM. So it just all well. It's almost like riding a bike. You know, if you're riding it. It's so good. It's so sweet. Yeah. And you don't even have to go crazy fast. And I don't even go fast. And you know, I just chill in the right gear. You know, the right, the right tune, the right RPM, and just enjoy it. You know, people would understand unless they drove a Porsche. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's a very special car. But it's one of those things where you got with this big smile in your face. It's like if you're ever depressed, go for a drive. You know, it's all about pre-worked out on the way. It's all about pre-worked out. It's all about pre-worked out. It gets your heart rate going. No, man. Well, you know, Logan, I know you got to go, you got to go train. I just wanted to say thank you. I know this was your first podcast too. And we talked about that before that. So for you guys, again, I'm going to go ahead and put his link down below if you're not following. You're, you get out from under your rock. Follow, Logan. He's, you know, onto get his qualification for the Olympia. And I cannot wait to your next show, man. So hopefully we'll bring you back on as we're getting ready and, and given some people some updates. But I, I appreciate you sharing a little bit of the origin story as well as kind of what you guys did with being able to do stuff. I wouldn't get in some more detail on the next one. But I know you got to go train and thank you so much for your time and coming on the Truth podcast. Yes, sir. Thank you so much for having me. It was really great cutting the shit with you. That's right. Getting to know you a little bit more too. I guess, you know, just from, you know, chatting. Thanks for having me on. And hopefully everyone that watched it. I hope you guys enjoyed it and learned a little bit of something about me. Yes. And so you guys soon. That's it. Honey Rambad, Logan Franklin. And that's the truth.

=== FILE: MIRACLE BEAR INSANE FST-7 LEG DAY Ft. Axel Martinez [i2-ZSzmt3E0].txt ===

Alright guys, we are here. We got day number two with birds and then we have the little El Nio, the little boy, and the little boy. They came over from Mexico, Hachu and Mexico, okay? And then we have the German nightmare. Okay. I did my first approach on Mexico, you know what I did? Yeah, Tijuana. Tijuana. Tijuana baby. That's right. You win? No, I got second but it was a cool experience. Tijuana, T.J. is nice. That's right. Today we got a reinvented, not a lec thing. You didn't go to the donkey show, did you? No. We go to the other side. So guys, we have decided to only do some cabs today because he doesn't want to do legs. I don't want to be so big. So I need more kids. Yeah. So, just kidding, we are going to do legs and smash them. So we're going to have a great time. We're going to do legs. We're going to go ahead and start off with hamstring dominant. Leg curls and then we're going to go on to a couple of other exercises on hamps. Then we're going to flip it and go into quads and hopefully El Nio is in going to be El Dedo. So, okay. So, we're going to have a good time. Are you ready? Are you ready? Yeah, but for ready? Okay. No, I'm going to do this. Yeah, ready. Let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do this. But what we're doing is we're going to go all the way down. That's it. Good. We're going to do some Persian volume training. Not German volume training. Good. The exchange rate is much higher. Don't fuck with German volume training. Two. Good. Axle, keep your chest down buddy. Keep your chest down. There you go. That's better. Good. Come on. Good. I want to come in training. I want to come in more God with you. Sure. No, I'm not sure. Yeah. Good. Keep going. Good. It didn't realize coming against the German price. What a fuck. There you go. See the D-Tel? Even 270 pounds. You're getting D-Tel. Good. Keep going. Good. Three. Two. One more. Good job. Yeah, good. Okay, I'll need you. Right here. Tooth back. This way. Go. Good. All the way down. You're not scratching. That's it. Good. Go it, go. That's better. Good. Squeeze. Good. There you go. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Right in that hamstring. Right there. Squeeze. Good. Go. Good. Good. Keep moving brother. Three more. Three more. Okay, now on these, what I want you to do is go up and hold. Go. Hold it. Slow. Control down. Control down. Control down. Good. Good. Up. Slow. Now you're going to do one more. But keep your chest down. You keep your chest down. Now go. That's better. See how much harder it is now? Good. Yes. Always remember. Don't wear your chest. Yeah, this is one more. Don't let's switch your chest. Always remember. Bring your bring your heels in or a little bit. Bring your there you are right there. Good. Good. That's better. Good. So this leg is tracking out, bring it in. There you go right there. That's better. Together. Good. Good. Keep your hips square. Good. That's better. Go, go, go. Watch your feet. Good. Good. Good. Go. Good. Good. Again. Two more. Two more with me. Come on,ers. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Okay. Up. Up. I'll help you right there. Now hold it. Hold it. Five seconds on the way down. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Oh yeah. Woo. That was good one upset. Now we're rolling. Yes. That's good. That's it. That's all that I can fix it. What did you break it? You're going to be boy type. Oh, we're going to. Yeah. He should be a great dancer. Yeah. I did a front spin. Did you land it? Look at this. Bring it on. I'm going to bone was standing out here. Wow. Yeah. That was fucked up. And since then I've broken him. Oh yeah. On that one? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Do it right now. No, no, no, no, no. Later. Later. Later. Later. I was the first in national break dance in champion bro. Yeah, let's go. No, I think you can do it a little bit of warm enough to do it. No. Let's go. Let's go. Oh my. You're having too much fun right now, actually. Now it's time to train and work. But it's the same when you've been in Broke's feet. Yeah. Yeah, look at this. Come on, get the feet, bro. Come on, look how pretty it sits. Let's hit. Go. Good. Good, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, five. That's all. All the way. All the way. Squeeze a really hard one. Two. Yeah. Come on. Three. Let's go. Four. Now up and up. Pause. All the way. Higher. Higher. Higher. Right there. Now hold it. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Good job. All right. That sounds good. Come on. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. Good contraction. Peel contraction. Excellent. Excellent. Good. Full range of motion. Good. That's it. Go. Good. Keep going. Come on, Irz. Come on. You got the magic shoes on today. Let's go. Right there. Hold it. Slow. Slow. I'm going to help you. Up. Right there. I hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Slower. Slower. Slower. Good job. Boom. One of my. Can you control your feet right there? Yeah. Go. Control. Go. Again. Hold tight. Good. Hold tight. Hold tight. Go. Go. That was perfect. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Again. Again. Again. Come on. Come on. Now. Go. Now. Go. Good. That was a little bit. Easy. Two more. Two more. Good. Good. Now. Can you three push? One. Go. Two. I have three. Good. Good. So pump already. Just can you use this? You can barely use this. You can barely use this. You can barely use this. You can barely use this. Good. Good. Control. So when you go down, go down, pause it, and then go up slower. Good. One thousand one. One thousand two. Cool. Good. There you go. You're going to go all the way down. Pause. Now two seconds on the way up. One thousand one. One thousand two. That's too fast. There you go. All the way down. Good. Keep it right there. That's slow. Good. Now we're going to do negative. Let's go all the way down. All the way down. Hold it. Hold it. Fight me. Fight me. Three, two, one. Good. Oh, keep it up. Keep it up. That's it. That's it. That's it. You're like, ah, that's it. I just wrapped the fuck out. Wow. Let's go. Good. Go all the way up. I want to stretch it full. Stretch it. There you go. Full range of motion broke. And then you go down and you go to pause it and go. Good. Control. That's it. Good. Good. What is that? Like, can he let us go? Come on. Resurle. Down. Squeeze it. Squeeze it. Squeeze it. Squeeze it. Again. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good. You got three more. Good. Good. One. You got a pause. Good. I want you to pause. Right. Hold it. Hold it. Now go up slow. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Good. That's perfect. Just one more like just like that. Come on. Excellent. Down. Down. Beep it right there. Hold it. Hold it. Go slow. Slow. Good job. Good job. Good job. Come on. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Nice deck. Yo dude. Nice a cup. Come on, come on. The baby way, bro. I can't breathe this a little bit. One more, one more, one more, I'll put right there. Hold it, and I'll let go. Slow, slow, now help him again. I'm all the way. Hold it, help him. Now, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, so, so, one more, just like, come on. Go down, go down, hold it, slow, slow, oh, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, go, come on, shush, shush, shush, shush, is there anything left? We're not in line. Now, you know, there's nothing left. Oh, we can sit. That's right. That's a winning set. That's not a third place set. That is a winning set. Not anymore. We get rid of those. Let's go. You got a look good. It's a long way, but you can make it. That's right. That's right. You know, just need some text as barbecue. Yeah. Keep going. Come on. Keep going. This is it. Come on. Talk to you, stay, bro. Let's go. Good, go. Keep going. Come on. Come on. That's it. Show me what winning looks like. Let's go some go. Go. Let's go. Oh, come on. Show me chunga. Hey, come on. Come on. Right there, hold it. Let's go. Hold it, slow, control, control it. Push it. Come on. Oh, you got that. See? That's all you. Go get. Come on, actually. Come on. Go, hold it. Good. Control it. Good. Can that partial go? Go. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Good. Good job. That's how you do this. That's really pumped. Yeah. That's really. Yeah. I can't pass that. He's was sick. That's what's up here. It's water and delus. It's different. Good control. Okay. So, you should swear. Watch your chin. I'm going to tell you. You're self-taught. Okay. Go right there. Go on. Go on. If you're late, straight, and then push it to both legs. Pass it. Go on. Go on. Go on. Good. Control. Go on. Good. Good. Excellent. Go. Good. Good. Okay. Enjoy your day. It's like a vacation. You're enjoying your day. That's it. It's like you're on it nice. Tropical Island. Vacation. Burning Island. That's it. Yeah. Island is on fire right now. Go. You're on the alley. You got it. Go on. Go. That's it. Go. Three. Three. Go. Two. Both feet. Go. Keep going. One more. Good job. That's a good one. Go. Relax for a few minutes. Enjoy yourself. You'll stand there. Now it's going. Together. Good. Together. Good. Good. Go on the sides. Go on the sides. And then keep your hips down. You're butt down. Good. You need that upper quad. You're going to get that super crazy at the top of your legs. Top of your legs. And super crazy. Super fullness. Very top of your quad. You got five to go. One. Two. Good. Three. Keep going. Keep going. Square that. Good. More. Definitely have more. Two. Great. That was a slow one more. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. A little higher. Good job, buddy. Whoah. Two. Three. Keep going. Come on, Mr. Good. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Good. I sure have to go. Keep going. Easy. Okay. Now you're going to get seven. Go. One. Two. One. Three. Keep going. Four. Yes. Five. Six. Can I go? Now you're going to go hold it there now. You're going to hold it there. And it come back down slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly and then go all the way up. You're going to hold it up the top. Right. Easy. Hold it there. Go. Good. You got one more just like that. You got one more just like that. That's good. A higher. Hold it right there. Now come down and then give me parcels. Go. Five. Higher. You're going to go. That's a three. Two. One more. One more. One more. Good job. Nice. Oh, yes. That's right. We got one more. Good. Good. Should we get the energy? Should we get the energy? Deep down and so on. Okay. These are not three place. You're going now. Okay. Looking work harder. Go. Looking work harder. Good. Keep it going. Looking work harder. Go. Good. Now parcels go. Now parcels go. Go. Partial. Partial. Partial. Partial. Partial. Partial. Partial. One more. Good job. Woo! All the way up. Go a little higher. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Go. Keep going. Good. Come on. Come on. There you go. There you go. Come on. Come on. Come on. All the way. Yeah. A lot of work to do still. Go. Four. Three. Two. One more. Good. Go. Go. Partial. More. Higher. Come on. Everybody's watching. Four. Three. Two. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. What? That's it. Mm. Mm. Ooh. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. No more baby weights, huh? You look fit for that. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Keep going. You feel like straight up. Good. Good. You're more. No more. Go ahead. Go back. Go back. Go back. You're a little heavy for you. So next set. Take a 45 off. Put it for a run. And then keep your legs more straight. And then go through the range. A motion. Same without bending your knee so much. Good. Good. Awesome. Good. Good. Awesome. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Come on, hers. Drive. Nice. Right to mid-shin. And drive up. Good. Good. Good job. Good job. Yeah. Good job. Good. Good job. The legs straight. You want it. That's better. There you go. That's better. Come on. Good. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You got this. You're hands like books. Oh, look at this. It's definitely back. Good. Next time. You got it. You got it. You should be starting to in this twice a week. Okay. So, first. Get your feet a little closer together. I'll go close to the end. There you go. That's it. Good. Archer back. Good. Good. Good. It's a bark. It's close to your legs as possible. Good. And back up. That's it. Archer back. Good. Much better. Good. Good. You feel a stretch and then you drop. Good. Good. Good. Last one. Last one. And just right. Drive. Good. You're out of body. That's it. That's the length. Woo. Archer back. Keep your legs straight. Good. Much better. Good. You're going to like straighter. Straighter. Go. Good. Be sure what Kevin? Go. Go. Good. Keep it. Keep your legs straight. Got it. You got it. You're legs straight. Go. Easy. Much better. Come on. Let's go. Not set you. Good. Three more. Two more. And then we're going to go up. One more. Okay. Come on. Show me the power. Show me the power. Show me the power. Let's go. Good. Show me that Mexican power. Let's go. Down and back up. Draw. Good job. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. All right, guys. So essentially amino acid. Why are they so important? It's all about recovery. If you are training hard and you do not recover, it's like you didn't train at all. It really, really is important. So protein, protein, protein. Essential amino acids are coming in so so handy where it comes to the recovery so that you can get back in the gym and you have that recovery so high that you have amazing amount of muscle tissue being put back on because when you're in the gym, you're not building. You're breaking down. So these are components that we're going to help you with that. So post workout. We're protein isolate during the workout. Essential amino acids. You can also run the S7 that it's in there. It's going to help you also with your nitric oxide and then you have the hydration that's going to also help you from cramping. So all of those mixed together and you can also take it in between meals too. So you want to be able to get into the gym quickly. Make sure you're running your essential amino acids. Check out amino cam. You're going to keep going. Let's go. Good. Good. Again. Up. Good job. There you go. This one kills you, man. Nothing better than electing. There you go. Oh yeah. It's big difference. It's big difference. So let's go. Big difference. Good. Come on. Keep your chin up. Keep your chin up. We've got it. There you go. Look straight. Go. Look straight. Drive. Good. Excellent. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Excellent. Come on. Come on. Let's go. You'll drive. Good. Come on. Just go. Go. You're thinking too much. Go. Breathe. Look straight. Good. Now go. Go. Five. Go. Good. Look up. Right there. Go. Four. Go. All the way out. Three. Good. Control. Go. Go. Come on. What do you want me for? Drive. Good. Come on. Drive. Come on. Come on. You got this. You got this. Watch your feet. Go. Good. Drive. You got easy. Good. Now lock it. There you go. Let's go. What? You're going to get dead. No. Lock it. Bring that down more. Two. One more. Pull you down. Down. What can you do? Deep breaths. Welcome to the ride. Welcome to the ride. Oh yeah. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Good. Good. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go. Control. Come on. Errs. You got this. Come on. Come on. Good. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Right there. Lock it. Take it for us. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Good. Good. Go. Go. Go. Good. Go. Right. Up. Up. Lock it. Go. Again. Come on. Come on. Stop messing around bro. Let's go. Let's go. Up. Yes. Go. Go. Go. Go. Up. Up. Up. Dive. Lock it up. Oh yes. Oh. Yeah. Big deep. Yeah. This one. I see you on the first place. That was a first place set right there. Yeah. Yes. That's first call out. Stars. This. I see you just in bro. Marisitis. There's a. There's a. There's a. Stars. That's right. Oh fuck. That's good. Yeah. Who? They're seeing someone get off this way. And we have it. And also different. This is the back row. That's the back row. That's the back row. That's the back row. That's the back row. That's the back row. That's the back row. Oh no. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not getting there. Let's go. Easy. Go. Go. Go. Get your head up. Get there. Go. Go. Go. Good. Come on, Axel. Easy. Good. Let's go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Come on. Easy. Good. Stay in it. You've got some more. You've got some more. Keep your chin up. Really? Very good. Good. Good. Good. Go. Good. Touch them. Don't drop. Go. Go. Control it. That's it. Oh yeah. Good. One more. One more. Go. Go. He's held it for too long. Let's go. Go. I'll try it. Go. Good. Good job. Good. Go. Come on. Go. Stay in it. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Hold it right there. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Last one. Last one. Come on. Five. Five. Come on. Go. Let's go. Go. Up. Go. Push. Push. Finish it. Go. Let's go. Two more. Two more. Two more. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. One more. One more. One more. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Take a key, love. Go. My friend. You are an athlete. Not a Tik Tokoni. Yes. The Tik Tok said. That was an athlete said. Just do about eight reps. Almost head to one's light like that. Just do eight. And then we're going to add more. So guys, we just remember when you're doing these working sets later, you don't want to end up doing 15 to 20 reps to get tired. Then you won't be able to do those working sets later. So make sure you stop it about eight. Then add more weight. There's no point in just trying to go up a T yourself by doing 20 reps. Let me do a shorter explanation of that one. Let me do a shorter explanation of that one. I think this is a good one. I'm just going to put that on the ground. Good. So the reason why we're not doing 15 or 20 reps is because you don't want to go to the T you want to eventually go to failure. Use a warm up, use a warm up, and beat 10 reps. That's it. Stop. Add more weight. And then repeat. Okay. What do you throw a little bit? Deeper. Yeah. So deep. Oh, wait up. Go. Is it too heavy? Go warm up? Good. No. You're trying to do the weight the same guy is on top of the steering wheel. Yeah. I can raise it. Yeah. He is going to load up your base. You're right. From T. From Shadow Man. Go go go. Go go go. Don't hold it like that. What are you doing? Exactly. You reverse it. You reverse it. First it go. Come on. One more. One sec. One sec. One. Take a talk champion. Let's go. You're good. Yeah. You're good. Go go. Come on. Oh man. More. Come on. More. Good. More. Go. Ready. Three. Three. Go. Come on. We've got our day. Let's go. Go go go. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Go. Drive. Drive. Good. Good. Good. Good. Up. Up. Drive. Good. Go. Hit. And drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. OK. Next. Next. I think they were running. And next. That's it. I'd actually. That's it. He's going to teach you all the tick-tock moves, bro. The dance is buffed up. Go. This shadow bends. Go. Good. Alright. Good. Pushers. Oh, good. Pushers. Pushers. Pushers. Pushers. Oh, good. Drive. Keep going. Drive. Come on. Oh, shit. That's one. Last one. Up. Up. Oh, shit. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You're a little bit. You're a little bit. Go. Go. Good. On the bottom. There you go. Good. On the bottom. There you go. Good. Oh, no. Now bring your foot down a little bit. Bring your foot down. Yes. There you go. Right there. Good. Yeah. Now do it. Yeah. That's going to get extra. Proflute. Yeah. Your foot straight. You're foot straight. Really pay attention to your foot position. All the time. There you go. Good. Good. Come on, Mr. Good. Lague. Me. Everything good. Excellent. Good. Let's go. Let's go. Drive. Good. Come on. Come on, Mr. Profundo. Good. Come on. Finish. Sit. Sit. Sit. Sit. Drop off. Oh, no. There you go. You got three more reps. Go. Go. What do you do? What do you wait for? Go. Again. Go. Go. Go. Go. Keep going. Keep going. Go. Go. One more. One more. Come on. Go. How needs to be done? I'm here. I'm here. Nothing's going to happen. Good job. Now you're working. Oh, yeah. Don't wait until the top. Stay in the movement. I'm under tension. That's right. Don't stay up top and wait and catch your breath. Go. Keep going. Why are you stopping? I don't know. Yeah. Because you have pain. Get past the pain. Let's go. Come on. Good. What do you say? Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Concentrate. Concentrate. Keep going. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's better. Go. Go. Come on. Come on. We're going to say that we saw you in the beginning when you're having Go. Go. Go. Again. Go. One more. Last one. Last one. Drive it. Go. Go. One more. Don't bounce this one. Go. Down, down, down, down. Drive it. I'm just going to die. I'm just going to die. I'm gonna die. It's not right. I don't feel it. Yeah. You're taking a seat. Go. Excellent. the fore. Good job. Me right over the toes right there perfect. Good job, reverse. Good. Good. Good. You had all of that rest time. Good. Good. Again, again, again. Again, come on. Come on, you going back, drive drive drive drive drive. Again. Drive up, drive it, drive it all the way. All the way with the heel. Push your heel. How cute. Wow. Oh, fuck. Who? How neat, strong. He got me. He got me. Last, last rep I didn't do by myself. I need to get me. How to get this. This, he shouldn't. Yeah. Come on, bro. Come on. Come on. Show him how the best do it. Show him how the best do it. Come on. Good. Come on, Irz. Excellent, bro. Excellent. Great. Mine must be connected. Good. Tension on the way down. Not too fast. Perfect. Knees over toes. Keep moving. Watch, sweep. Oh, fuck, sweep. Crazy, quad, sweep. On that salivious stage. Good. Good. This is it. Now you're getting to the first call out. But we're good. Good. Keep going. Go ahead. Now you're fighting for middle position. Now you're fighting for middle position. Oh, God. Keep going. There you go. You're smiling, because you're in the center. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. All the way up. Two, two, two, two, two, two, one. Up, up, up, up. One more. Come on. You got this. Go ahead this. All the way. Grab it up. Grab it up. Grab it up. Grab it up. Yeah. Oh. Who? Oh, fuck. Champset. Yeah. Yeah. That's how you do it. So that's how you do it. Someone coming up. Someone who's been there. Someone who's trying to go to the absolute pinnacle of his division. And someone who's trying to get to the stage. So this could be for all of you out there. Even if it's just pure motivation to be able to get your ass in the gym. So. What it is all about. You know, getting together. All group of ages. All group of experienced differences. And that's bodybuilding. So that's why it's the best sport in the world. You come together, have some fun. Kick some asses. Complete against each other. Make fun out of it. And then go and eat together. That's the lifestyle. I'm out. I can't even sum it up better. Guys, love you all. Peace.

=== FILE: Mr. Olympia 2025 Open Bodybuilding Press Conference [NnGGT5mJqQ0].txt ===

These misromin' yards, grand covert, the Rhoa, solicitable Re plastered cold. Our next Israel activity, Pencil history is twenty-one-two. One year is desemackers. Beees. Up in the first year, 1 year pause Over released the Reddit deal, was a third of his. The second episode, is the picture of most electrons. I'm not, he was the title that the perfectest hold is hungry for the taste of another sandout trophy. Please welcome from Iran. Hioo. Oh... Call two three, answer purposely. And Nut The eightherreu engineer in Johnny Dzym tablespoon history! Dev blue!! We You're a place, Missile Olympia. You're winning and the facting Missile Olympia. Woo! Don't matter, history has the first British bodybuilder to host this handout since story and games last year, so at hit 1997. He is the 19th Missile Olympia in bodybuilding history. He is the Nigerian Lion who located in U.S. Rain as the King of the bodybuilding jungle from the United Kingdom by way of Nigeria. Please welcome Missile Olympia! Semfor- Thanks! Mike Pluto! Rest in silence next year. Hit 10 aufineers! Offineers are fighters ofitat, put their hands in or lose to the UK! Hit 10 on the court, on the!! encanta barriers, I want to show you guys who are going to play 6-10-2-4, I'll be a champsaw, they won't be a big one. That's already the big champs, I don't need a big one. They have a back door for me. They're locked in there ready to go, but I'm grateful to be there, I appreciate you guys to be on some stage, but as we can discuss this, I'd also like to help you guys enjoy the show, please give the honor of the next class of the championship in every game. I want to give you guys a back time, this back stage, baby, let's do this. Let's do it now, let's do it again, let's do it again. Let's do it again, let's do it again. What's up guys, let's do it. Do you have my book for me? Can we all have a back door for a chance? I'll give you a back door. All right, we got four Olympic champions, we don't get to do this very often using the one we want, maybe two, four. I'm not sure she'll remember that for her, I'll say, we got one this year, we got a competition at her head of her size, we got her ready, defending the champion in San San San San. I was a bit being the champion, you were an active champion, I'm gonna take the championship to the top of the championship, we're going to have to win the championship. I've always said you know what, how much will it be tomorrow, I like good things, my way, this is a privilege to be in this position and what it means to be changed my life, and I want to keep back to it so even though it happens, I have to put a title on my hand, and go after it, that's what it is, and I'm out of this. I love yours. you are being more attention to the country. I think you learned that fire just a little bit more hard of me because they don't like being kicked down for you to realize man okay I'm only I want that shit down This is you want to answer you we only gotta take off your shirt and say all the boys since you're right down right here come and beat me and you backed it up with actions on that stage give you something a little bit kind of a dirt luxury you also have decided on putting that kind of I'll see you at the arm I'll see what happens right over there a lot of people thought that was a mistake people thought that you made the wrong move but I don't know 500 dollars now is later on a title and you beat the champ and put a little better in your gap you might maybe it was the right move Yeah absolutely you know obviously I didn't present the physique that I wanted to add 100% action eyelashes a little bit so I wanted to go right back to work and I wanted to show up you know against the rain and champion and I wanted to prove that you know my best is the best in the world so I want to do that right away at the beginning of the year I do on a classic and then with the Pittsburgh pro with it being a legacy show I want to be the first ever Pittsburgh pro champion and I realize they you know winning those two and they getting your title back on this show and people winning all three of those big issues of the year is really something special so I'm not so much going for it I don't regret it obviously you look like you're ready all you guys looked like you're ready for all the videos I've been seeing all the pictures that have been out there but about that chance that you heard from they talk about the writing poem and a lot of these champs from yesterday but not what they're saying that they may have thought any of the previous group in the year may have cost them and it would be a later year what's your thoughts on that? Well if they believe in you then you can't shock the world so let's do this you shot the world for the two twelve with the opening and a lot of people but I will see you can't hear through all hey that all you can was with the title of Mr. Olivia so you already been kind of down there road of shock in the world here's the question did you shock it again if you'd be this guy and that's what I'm here to do this is the Mr. Olympia this is where history is made and I'm here to make history I right now the level of the two of the attention how do you do? so first and foremost I had an energy thank you because I go all over the world for various companies that I've with and if you want to go and we think of my way it's a say it say it say itashi circuit it say it was forQu I want to say thank you for all hand in hand. I want to say this year I brought my best version and I hope you the last one will leave this stage. I want to say thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand.

=== FILE: My Thoughts on the 2025 Classic Physique Olympia [AvbRyeXeDcY].txt ===

Welcome to Truth podcast. I'm your host, honey, rambod. And I'm here to go over the classic physique Olympia top three. That's right. We're going to break down Ramon Dino, Mike Summerfield, and Terrence Ruffin. And we're going to do that. But I just got a piece of news that I would like to share with you guys as well. That obviously was a crazy, crazy Olympia weekend, but speaking of Arnold Classic that's coming up and speaking of classic Sam Sulek has decided to not only do the Arnold Classic in Ohio, but also the UK. So again, those shows are three weeks apart. The beginning of March, as well as the end of March. So it's going to be interesting to see how Sam might do against the likes of these gentlemen. It's hard to say I do not know if the champ Ramon Dino is going to do the Arnold or not. Chances are I'm thinking he's probably going to sit it out and try to really just take a little bit of a break, rest and appreciate that victory lap that he deservedly has earned for himself. But the question is, what about the rest of these gentlemen and how is Sam going to look standing next to Mike or Terrence or any of the other guys in the top 10 of the Olympia? Let me know in the comments below what you think of this decision. Sam doing the Arnold UK as well as the Arnold Ohio. And let's go ahead and let's get this party started with a top three of the classic Mr. Olympia and let's go ahead and start with a front double biceps. All right, let's go ahead and look at the front double biceps pose. So we have Ramon here in the center, Mike's summer fell on one side. We got rough diesel on the other and the one thing that I want to say is all three of them look fantastic. These guys look great, especially because everyone's trying to fight for an open throne. And what I mean by that is the fact that with Seabumb being out, now you have to turn around and create a presence to you and you want to be able to go in there and dominate. And all three of them have a beautiful look. They're both conditioned, all three of them are conditioned, really good quad separation, small waste. But I'm going to create a little bit, just a little bit of those areas where I feel like we could be a little bit better. I think one thing I didn't like on Ramon on this pose is the fact that his trunks were down across his waist. I think it's not doing him any justice. Where if you look at Mike and you look at rough diesel and Terence, they're both got a V-cut posing trunk on. And what that means is it's really creating more of your hips to your quad suite. And I feel like Ramon just isn't having that. They're going quite a bit across here. And what that's doing is it's not giving him the V-taper that the other two gentlemen have on stage because with that extra V-taper, you're really helping with accentuating the smaller waste. And I feel like the opposite's kind of happening with Ramon. But again, obviously he didn't hurt him to the point where he lost the show. But I do think that next year, he definitely wants to, or his next show. I don't know if he's going to do the Arnold or not. But I have a feeling that he's going to probably sit it out and being able to focus on being able to get his trunks up a little bit, where something is a little more fitted so that it creates that V-taper is going to allow him to really show off that shape in a more dramatic manner, just like Mike Somerfeld's got going on. Now again, all of them have really good arms. I feel like Ramon's known for those arms. Mike has got amazing taper, awesome lats. When I really like on that front lats spread, that front double bicep is that he's almost looking like he's doing a last spread when it comes to Mike. I think Ramon just still not opening up all the way. I think I feel like there's two things going on. Number one, he's got a tan under his arms. So I don't know if he was doing laydown beds. But that also hurts him with the wider armpits in the latteria. But also he needs to extend outward to be able to really match up with Terrence as well as Mike. So when that is just again, pull those elbows out and up to try to really create that taper, get some trunks on there. They're going to give them a little bit more v-taper as well. But otherwise, in terms of overall sizing conditioning, they all three look fantastic. This is a great great shot on all three of them. But I would like to see Ramon have a little bit bigger back so that he can display it. Also, just get those lats out just a little further in terms of posing. But also work on getting his back just a little bit wider and a little bit bigger. But again, great, great look on all three of them. Great, great competition. All right guys, moving on to the next pose. We're going to go into the side chest. Again, guys, this is really close. We got Ramon Tino in the center. We have Mike Summerfell on one side. We got Ruff Diesel on the other. So what I really like seeing is Mike's twisting. When this shot, again, when this photo was taken, I don't see Ramon twisting his upper body enough. So what I'd like to see is more twist going outward that way so that you can see the shoulder width that you might have. You can see the shoulder width that Terrence has. So again, it's just, again, it could be a part of it is the picture. So just making sure you twist to try to show maximum width. But you can see that he's got really good chest fullness, meaning Ramon, good shoulder fullness, good arm fullness. Lays are popping. Now, when you look at Ruff Diesel, hamstrings could definitely be a little bit bigger and thicker. That's something that he definitely needs to keep working on. He has really dice hamstrings. But just to get him a little thicker to get a little more hamstring drop in here would really make a huge difference because the other two competitors have got good hamstrings. You got Ramon there. You got Mike in here. Nice hamstrings, really good shoulders, really good chest on all three of them. The only thing that I see here is that I would like to see Terrence with those bigger hamstrings. Making sure Ramon also just twists a bit more and Mike looks really, really good. The only thing that I see that Mike could use a little bit more of is just a little bit of tightness. He was really good condition. But I also think that part of it has to do with the fact that he had a little bit of that deflation effect that ended up happening with losing so much weight, which again is very, very normal for that type of look when you have to lose that much weight, especially when the bulk of that's all muscle. So, again, some people mentioned that he might end up trying to come in a little taller. How's he going to do that? Again, there's a lot of different things that have been like speculated for next year or whatever show he had ends up doing next time. Again, very strong poses for all three of them. This is a very, very tight race and they all three of them look absolutely fantastic. Let's go ahead and let's go on to the next pose. All right, guys, move it on to the next pose here. We have an abdominal thigh pose. So, we have Ramon in the middle, Mike on one side, Terrence on the other. Now, again, these guys are all phenomenal. In the past, you would see guys that don't have legs or they're not a separated or you've lost a little bit of that fullness. All three guys have great full quads, really tight mid sections. The only thing critique I have on Ramon is the fact that I would love to see a little bit more thigh separation in there. So, as he works hard to be able to regain the title again and make sure that he retained the title, I should say. He's going to want to really focus on being able to get more separation in his quads. I'm sure he's studying these photos as well. And he's going to be able to really set himself apart if he can continue to create more separation. Mike got the striations in his quads. He's got nice separation, Terrence, same thing. He's got nice quads, sweep, nice separation. They all three have really good mid sections. I feel like the only thing on Terrence, he could use just a little more oil just so that he can get just a little bit more shing again. I'm being very, very nitpicky on that. And I feel that once again, with a little bit lighter under arms and whatnot on Ramon, you start getting a little bit of that discoloration that wasn't going on with Mike. And color makes a huge, huge, huge difference. So, it really helps the physique stand out in the separation to go next level in the definition to really stand out when you get into the theatrical lighting. So, once he ends up doing that, he's going to have a little bit more of that uniformity of that color tone. And it does, you know, you want to be able to get that that Mike had. So, if again, I'm being super nitpicky guys, but this is something that you got to do when you're trying to be the best in the world. So, he's going to be able to create a little bit more separation on that. But in terms of Mike, nice diced sweep. Again, crazy quads, Terrence, awesome. And just needs to pose it. I think it's more of a posing thing too. Because I can see it come in and out with Ramon. But if he can just really push on that outer sweep to create that separation, it'll be easier once he gets a little bit more of that thigh development and that separation. It'll be easier to show. But again, great pose on all three competitors. Let's get on to the next pose. All right. The next pose is going to be the back double biceps pose. But before I get into this critique, I do want to remind you all the FST7 app has been updated. So, if you're looking for my exclusive content and workouts, they're available on the FST7 app. And the big thing was the fact that we just had our first FST7 transformation challenge. And the winner just won $5,000. So congratulations Joe for winning that $5,000. And if you're interested in the next challenge, make sure you go up onto the FST7 app sign up so you can be notified during the next challenge. Because there's going to be another one coming soon. So guys, make sure you take your time. Go to honeyrambaud.com. Download the FST7 app. You can use honey, yt for only a dollar. You'll get the entire first month free. So go ahead, check it out and let's go on to this back double biceps. All right. As we see the back double biceps here, guys, what we're seeing is Ramon pull away a little bit. And what I mean by that is that here is where he's starting to really shine. It's in that lower back and the separation in his lower back, glute looks really, really tight. Nice hamstrings are popping and great separation in general from top to bottom. Now, when you look at rough diesel, he looks great. Again, hamstrings are super tight just a little bit thin. Could use a little bit more thickness and fullness in there. Same thing goes with the back if you can put a little bit more size on. But again, great, great conditioning, great balance, beautiful physique, Terence, a great job on all the improvements. And going over to Mike, this is where he just looked a little bit washed out in the hamstrings, the back, the lower back's tight. But again, just a little bit of that glazed over effect from top to bottom on the backside of Mike. And again, guys, these are the best in the world. So I'm really critiquing every, every ounce of this. So looks fantastic, beautiful back to advice at Mike, but just could be a little bit drier from top to bottom. And that could have been a little bit better in terms of just showing that crazy amount of muscle that he has. So if you got just a little bit crisper, it would go a long way on his physique, but great shape, man. Just awesome V-taper and the places that I see that remote could still work on just a little bit more size on that back, a little bit more thickness, something that he's going to work on. He's got that thickness on that lower body, the upper body can just use a little bit more of that thickness to match up that thickness on that lower body on those hamstrings and even on that outer sweep that remote has. So he's going to continue to do that. Now another thing is that wrists, I feel like he needs to turn his wrists back a little bit more to be able to accentuate the peak here. And if you can just supinate that wrist a little bit more instead of having his wrist forward, but bringing his slightly back, he's going to get even more width to his arm, and it's going to be even more impressive. So again, great great top three, man. Just fantastic dogfight, they all look spectacular. And let's go ahead and finish this off with the final pose. All right guys, for the final pose, we have Mike Somerville doing front last bread. He's got Ramonino doing a single arm bicep with a hand on hip, and then you have the classic pose of rough diesel here. So Terrence, just showing off that amazing silhouette, all three of them look fantastic. I do want to say though that looking at Ramon, I feel like there might be in another pose or two that he could possibly pull out of that utility belt to go in to next year that could be even stronger. Now I've seen him do his transitions, his three quarter turn. That looks really, really good on him. There's a couple of other poses as well, but I do feel like he could definitely mix it up a little bit versus just doing a single arm bicep. I think Mike looks fantastic. I mean, obviously he's got that crazy crazy v-taper. He's got the wide shoulders, the thick wide quads. He looks fantastic in that pose, and Terrence, honestly, I had zero complaints about that such iconic pose that he's putting in offered that classic physique pose of choice. And again guys, they all look fantastic. I feel like these guys were very, very close. I think this is the top, you know, one of the top-highest top-three that I've seen in classic. And let me know what you guys think. Let me know who your favorite was in the comments below. Let me know what you guys think. How Chris would have looked, right? I would love to hear what you think Chris were he would have placed in the top-three here. So again, I appreciate everybody tuning in, turning on the notification button and making sure that you go in in the comment below. Appreciate you all. I'm going to definitely try to do more of these because I have been running around on my way right now to Dubai. And this is going to be a crazy crazy next couple of weeks between Dubai, Kuwait, then Mumbai. I got so much stuff going on around the world. But I just want to say for those of you that came up and said hello, we're took a photo at the Olympia. I love seeing you guys all. A lot more to talk about when it comes to Olympia weekend. A lot of thoughts, a lot of emotions, a lot more to share. I love you all and I cannot wait to see you at the next event. Haanirambaad and that's the truth.

=== FILE: OLYMPIA LEG DAY  HADI CHOOPAN [hKZPNXlmjU4].txt ===

What's up guys? We are just over two weeks out, actually 15 days, 15 days, two weeks out exactly tomorrow until pre-judging to the 60th anniversary of the Mr. Olympia competition. Here with Hottie Chopin and we are getting ready to show you a little secret that we have been working on. The secret project we've been working on here at EVGEN on the new EVP Extreme RTD. So what's really cool about this RTD is it's multiple products in one. So it's not just EVP Extreme, it's not just 3D, it's both of those combined as well as being able to put in a half a cap of HQ. So I took the best of all the worlds and made a stable version of an RTD that has been citriling beta-allenoid, but also as 7 as well as 10 grams of liquid cholesterol. So the new EVP Extreme AQ, you need a chance to get a pre-launched unit, the week of the Olympia. So make sure you're following EVGEN and Trishin's page because we're going to be getting all the information about that. So something I'm very, very excited about, so I can't wait to share it with you. He's been getting a chance to give him and the energy to try these all throughout the prep and the nice thing about it is it gets fast because it's already in solution. So you start feeling those beta-allenoid tingles, you start getting that focus, you start getting that energy right away. Alright guys, so we're going to start off with extensions. Hotties warm it up, usually about 5 to 10 minutes on the bike. So he says warm up, then we are going to go over to the Pinnata single leg extension really good because you get tons of really good contraction and you get a great stretch at the very bottom point of the exercise. So we're going to go ahead and start there and then we're going out. 6. No, no. Damn good. Two minutes. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. That's enough. That's enough. One more. Easy. Easy. One more. Six. Six. Six. Six. Five. Five. Five. Three. Five. That's a little bit of pump. We're going to do a Smith machine squats. We're going to go in this is going to be one of our heavier days getting ready for the show. Normally your peak strength is for most athletes around four or five weeks but we're trying to keep as much of that momentum of that four or five weeks strength curve closer to the show. What's up guys? I'm here with Hotty Chopin, 22, Mr. Olympia, 24, Arnold Classic Champion and I'm here to tell you that we are having an amazing FST 7 leg day and if you want to see any of my workouts including in the leg day just like this check it out at the FST 7 app. Go ahead and use code. Finish strong for your first month for only a dollar. Check it out. Oh, lets go. sections in the circle confused whether it is my last<|bg|> I am convinced of doing this to I'm going to be Toshisha. Tip Dham, Louis Tawal, Louis Dhamam. Bermar and I'd be all the way to go. This is birthday. So happy birthday, no joke. It's his birthday today. He turned 25, at least two times. All right, guys. We are doing leg press a little bit more on the narrow stance. Just inside shoulder width, keeping the toes straight, pumping out reps. We're just really going to wrap out. We're trying to shoot for 20. He got closer to 30 reps, which is great. All about the blood flow. Get those legs nice and 3D, so they pop on stage. That's it. What they leg day, guys. 15 days out, 2024, sixtieth anniversary of the Mr. Olympia. So this is our second to the last leg day.

=== FILE: OLYMPIA PRESS CONFERENCE [f9PcNEcMO98].txt ===

Are you threatened by these guys or are they still fighting for second? I'm a while I'm never been a man for talking just doesn't work for me. I'm always a man of actions So I start up here last time I did my own things at the same time. I've done step up front me right now It's a history but truly one of the great this ever is this one and it'll give you a stage It's been an popularity Has transcended worldwide popularity having been platform on some of the biggest platform at Street I've worked in the world. You also realize that you're a pop-up As he had a wife Courtney was not on her in his past eight months. He is the honest feeling it champion of the classic the only division Please look up from Canada Traaaah He wants that title back the first ship will is hungry for the taste of an Olympia victory And the voice the same now one second please welcome from Iran Our final head is your race And a better Mr. All-leap Winning bodybuilding's most prestigious title in only his second time competing on the Fistural and B-State Addied to his illustrious resume which also includes a two-to-all-leap Get title at the title of Mr. USA. Please welcome the 18th Fistural Liftia Head bodybuilding history from the United States Mr. All-leap Terra Terra Terra And then I was coming out there He's going right now and we need his ballroom right about there to set it right about there To take it up all the space So the ladies were on first walk a graduation Since gentlemen on being here this is a major deal with the 6th anniversary of the Olympia and you're all here So congratulations on that The ladies right here a little while ago, there was something to be For who was the future and who was the president The president was the future So upon this stage who was the president and the future Let's start with the champion itself, there it looks for you are the president You are the current reading the funding of the Olympia champion Are you also the future two-time of the B-A champion Well I've been working ever since I stepped up this stage last year to make me three to come back and prove So yeah, you best believe that this is just the beginning And I'm working to improve every single year for as long as I can be a beauty Terra Let's get specific a body You're dominant from the back you have amazing back to my sips back last spread But you're not beating honey on abdominals and thighs in most muscular What have you done from last year's Olympia to beat him on those two poses We'll go back to my track record and work with honey ramp on back in 2021 We won the 2012 each year we made significant improvements and I've been able to you know We're well with him and we've been able to improve my physique So I don't think there's really anything different that I needed to do in terms of Trastic changes obviously emphasis on the body parts and areas where I need to improve more But honestly I wanted to improve my strengths to I wanted to increase distance in my strengths And also bring up my other body parts and poses So you know like I said ever since I got off stage last year I've been putting in the work And I'm coming back to prove like a promise to that Sugar Sugar, right? About 600 pounds of muscle right the middle of the stage right there is just a year of the big band You have that is occupied by the man in the center big sands in from England Representing Nigeria Looks like you're on a tour when you first arrived here in Las Vegas So the buzz is you've been distracted And there's a whole lot of business in front of you Especially with the Angel Jack ending up against you and Derek And be caught in the money Is this the year that you bring it all together on Saturday night Alright first close on the same land thank you all for being out here man You guys are all great this place back to outer square is the opening Well to your question man is there's interest in one of the guy I would say Yeah up the year time of the time I keep improving faster than anybody else understage And you want to see that for us now right? Right? So how do you respect me not to be in? Just come up with saying the shock you guys are getting tomorrow Wait wait well you say that you did some changes getting ready for this year that you didn't do in the past You can't ignore some of those changes when they positive Of course they are but you know what we're so many two weeks left something two weeks ago in front Well there about something special more nice will So you know the gourmet heat layer is conditioning and I know you've heard this all in your load Also meeting all from the experts out there Sandson scatted all shape symmetry portion muscularity posing presentation He's just got to get the conditioning what changes have you made this year? The Brignac conditioning in the 95% out that in a lot of experts opinions we give you that stand out title Well for one thing you see my face right? This little guy face someone who doesn't suffer this much but a pretty face You're very very handsome. I don't know what you know what one of them say is but we'll find out tomorrow I'm going to go on a trip Who are you? Questions for terror I'm looking at the stage and I see two guys that left in you who are much, much bigger I just want to know if they're in shape how do you plan on repeating your master Bodybuilding is you versus you I think you know that as well as me body, right? So we're all given gifts and genetics and our own and I believe that you know we weren't with weak and all but we got here And so for me I've been able to like I said earlier play with my strengths and also improve everything you know And so This is a journey over time where you're never going to be perfect But you're striping to be all that you can be and so even being the current champion I want to continue to improve and be all that I can be and I know even last year I can continue to do that for years and years I don't worry about what the competitors are doing But I actually appreciate the competitors that I have because I love how much revenue they are, how hungry they are, how passionate they are About the same thing I am and I want to be my best and I'm trying to be my best every year And these guys continue to help elevate me and hold me accountable So I don't just look at it as competition like this like I want to be you I want to be you I got to defend it's that hey on happy you guys are making progress Because it holds me accountable for me to make progress And then everybody wins everybody gets what they want to get a great show and made the best fail with Okay, what's our beat? I love the diplomatic answer That's the right way to say it Now that's what I really am that's how I believe you I believe you but I want to get more specific What attributes do you bring that are going to beat these two guys or brain that's sitting there looking pretty large And you got to you got to Mr. and lead me to the left of you what attributes do you have that are going to make sure that you repeat I think Ronnie Coleman said it best eight time Mr. Leary and champion lights out from the back baby Okay, DJ Last year A lot of people had honey from the front there from the back of the sides of all keeping where did you have it last year And what do you think's gonna happen this year? Well, I'm going to be honest last year Pre Olympia prediction I predicted Derek to win And after the Olympia I said those close I thought I had honey when By deciding and this is because Gary does not be able from the back we know that how he was a beautiful front But now we saw how he come back to the Arnold this year When I think this was the best honey that I've ever seen combination in condition and size Now a hearty like in the Arnold Derek is that something you can beat Well, I think a party rampad who we both worked with said that you know How he did look right at the Arnold you have to give it to these guys when they come in and and they give it at their all They look outstanding you know I love it when my competitors get praise just as much as I would get a praise But he also said wait to you see the 2020 version of Derek once for well And we've been saying this we've been saying this whole time the Derek is still young He's still mature and he said you can still make changes and I've been saying this all along A lot of people think it's not happening You know saying so because I think you would have to make those changes you would have to bring a better front more detail And I'm sure you know what I just said next to a hearty like from the Arnold But now keep in mind we have two guys right here in Samsung and Andrew Andrew from what I heard in this is as I've seen him I have this book Tim I just heard from someone real close This is the best Andrew ever and Andrew is wouldn't be a liberal So that's scary that's a scary dog because Andrew is in a lot of experts eyes probably the most perfect physique with Samsung when it comes to being the height size and everything And I know it's harder for sure the guys at that point to you know just to stand next to you So I mean at the end of the day you write this is a competition but I'll be nice. It's not going to win you and I'll just say not sure you got it You know you don't you gotta fight what I'm saying is you gotta be the dirtiest Derek in order to you know to hold this guys I don't think I need to be the dirtiest Derek on the mic with my words I think I need to be the hardest worker in the gym and that's what I've been doingipped Rachel I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. But you're not too pale, honey. Did you feel that you want the show to be there for that say no? Last year. What's the audition? I'm sorry. I'm sorry, honey. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. Glad you're not gonna marry me. I'm sorry. Honey, you're going to come like a tri-dissirs like this here, and everyone who wants a Robin's deserve has to be dry enough. Honey, this... Honey, this question is for you. Honey, it's for you. Last year you look like... You actually want the contest. And the way you left the stage like you didn't accept him so So what happened? I was like, I was like, I always tried to come with my best condition, best separation, best of my version, and also, yeah, last year, same was the same. I came with my best and I did it, but this year I would try my best to win. And then I was like, you got off the stage, and you have to see him with that in the same routine. At the beginning, I just could not rest there, stay there, I did my full shoot, and after that, I felt a little bit in good health, stay on the stage, so that's why I walked away. But before I walked away, I just could rest everyone took my picture before I leave. But anyway, I don't know if this is really a criminal or not, but I didn't expect it. That's right, because on this panel, I want me to help my beer, right? And Derek, like, let me say, I was so impressed when I saw you go from the 2012, and know it me and you guys like, if you be big and my first thought was, will you be able to go from 2012 and go into the open and bring the size of pre-neck conditioning and you did it? You did it, so I was very impressed with that, very impressed with that. And I think number two, for me, my question, no way, winning that in my beer. What is the challenge for me is defending your life has changed, you have to listen to the noise and the conversation and they'll say, you know, Sam's is going to do it, Andrew Jack, you know what I mean, you have a new baby, um... Yes, she's out of the crowd actually, where's my wife? Yes, so how do you, because that's in me, what should when you've done it one time, and you proved what you did in 2012, and you moved into the open and you did what you did, like, big and all that, that's all beautiful, the conversation I've met you guys brought that up, but you wanted your champion defending it, how did you stay focused with the noise, with the extra, can you guess pose for me, can you come on with my house, can you kiss my baby, oh that, that's my question. Well that's going to be about an hour, it's one of the answers, if I'm kidding you know, short of the sweets, I saw the people that came before me first and foremost, so I always respected the champions that came before me, and I saw some of the things that they had to deal with, and I thought, you know, like, sometimes they didn't deserve the criticism that they were getting, and still to this day, and so, I saw that, I thought to myself, if I ever want to be, I had to talk, right? There's going to be a lot of love, and there's going to be a lot of criticism, and you better be prepared for both, and it's not always going to come at the same time, when you wanted to, and I said this the other day, you know, everybody up here, and everybody in their right mind, would want to be a champion, but leadership is a responsibility, and I think it's something that people don't think about all the time, wanting to be the champion, the person to talk, because when this spotlight's on there, it ain't coming off, it's only getting brighter and stronger, so you could take that as an opportunity to do something good, and be a good model, or you can, you know, crumble under the negative pressure, and so for me, the selfishness of wanting to be Mr. Olympia and be the champion, like we all want to write and bodybuilding is great, but also knowing this platform that I can build to lottery and spread a positive message to, is something that really drives me, and when Olympia actually took the pressure off of me, is it ever going to happen? I'll ever be Mr. Olympia, while I ever make history, being the first two division champion, so once that happened, I felt like I could really come into my home, and having the support of my wife, my daughter, my friends, my family, my training partners, my coach on your robot, and sponsors, everyone in the fan support, I just feel so loved, and I feel so grateful and blessed that helped and I not go in the gym, and given my whole every single day, doing what I love, even if it is, you know, the epitome of discipline, and there's a lot of suffer, there's a lot of sacrifice, there's a lot of really hard days, right, go to my wife and I say, maybe this is hard, like this is getting really, really hard, and she's like, you got this, you know, if anybody can do it, you know, I know you, you got this, we all got you, you got this, we all got you, got you, so like I said, this could be a long-winded answer, but all on all, like I said, being the champions one thing, being a leader is another, and it's a high responsibility that I said before, and I accept it all, the good, the bad, the everyday, and praise my Lord, save me Jesus Christ. Thank you, Andrew, Grant, great performance in Texas, possibly one of the most impressive performances this year, you've gained the size, you're becoming, you know, you filled up, where are you going to end up, this Mr. Olympia, are you going to the top three, can you be Mr. Olympia in 2024? That would be some hard break this weekend, that's why I'm both with Sean. Branding, not a lot of people talking about the 2019 Mr. Olympia, you know, a lot of people predicting they're not mentioning Branding Curry, are we at the end of Branding Curry's career or is Branding Curry a healthy Branding Curry about the shot the world? Well, part of being quite off the radar is what kind of brings the shot, fact there. So I went with that, so I could bring this shot fact there, what's tomorrow, so I think we come in with a good physique, we're pretty confident, and I'll tell you, so I'm ready to run with you. And congratulations to you, I'm getting yourself back here, obviously qualified for life as a five-thousand four-emister Olympia. The vast majority of the world in the front story, you were here at the Prask Conference, you were at the hospital, battling some issues, thank God, everything turned out great, you still ended up with an impressive finish, so I'm not going to kiss you absolutely phenomenal, but not near your maximum time, to present finish, what was the 100% Branding Curry capable of doing here again, certainly two other Olympia winners, but the entire Olympia lineup. Well, you know, 100% is always capable of taking a chance on a shot. What we follow tomorrow is a love to fake, we'll see what happens, but I'm coming here, we'll prepare, we've got a new coach to strategy, we can change some things, and we think it works in my best of my faith. I feel very helpful, feel very good, it's just a point, it's just a fun and right now pretty much all the work is done, just kind of relax and do my job to go on this. I'm very confident going in, I think it's a be a very good package, and I'm hopefully I can surprise about you guys, and I get you excited about what I'm bringing to the stage. Good. Yeah, that's good for Andrew, because he's a man of a few words, say, but get a few more out of you. So, I'm going to be like that. Alright, so you're going to shock some people this weekend, but what changes have you made, because Texas was a beautiful physique, but there are some areas where the other guys are a little bit ahead of you, and aside in the back, some of you are posing, did you improve those things, did you work a lot on your posing, what has changed since Texas? Everything has changed since Texas. Texas was a warm up, so now we're bringing in their room. First, that's why I said, as we can't bring so many hot scenes, don't let's say. Well, if I'll open it, let's give a percentage of his people to respect him on where you were, you made great improvements this year. Your time in the gym was well, well, similar to you, and what we saw in Texas was very cool, what a goal. What percentage do you think you were in Texas? 90%, 95% in every 100%, it deserves a little bit of it. I don't rate myself, I like my team, Chris, do the right things, cause... How close to 100% do you say you were in Texas? No, I don't know, I'm just a passenger in the seats, they're here in any capacity, so they're private, I just follow. You weren't even close in Texas, so what we're going to see is we have continuity, what they have in my mind is just sit back for life's traction, and boom, definitely. We confident going to this weekend, and it will be funny. Especially with our current at Rating Five-Time Championship, response set. Well, yeah, I'm going to have the top three from last year's Olympic, and I'm looking at a two-time final class in Champions for this year. Now I see Wesley and Sid right next to Chris. Is this... I'm seeing something here, does it be anything? The Chris is sitting right next to Wesley, you know, because Rating Five-Time Championship and Earth was thrown in Wesley, you basically. I think you were at the 7th of April, but you were out in the top five. You came to the Arnold, it wasn't totally where we were pursuing, I mean, we always see you, you always appreciate, but you put the size on that tall frame of yours, and stood there and beat Rhoan and Earth both to be in care of one of your favorites, even in the experts' eyes, continue to beat Chris, because we all say we have a similar height. You know, the only one that could beat Chris, is to both be someone who's going to similar height. How do you feel going to your Olympic knowing that a lot of people think that you might have what it takes and you yourself said, that you will beat Chris, but stand this year? Well, what I said is I've got to get him to tough as bad, all he's had seems to do, you may be so far, that's what I intend to do. So the most important thing is that it also brought confidence to myself, winning the R classic, not one spot twice in a row, beating a lot of competitors who beat me here after year, after year, at the Olympia, which means I've made a lot of progress, which doesn't mean that everybody was off of something at the Arnold, but that I was getting better. And I've made the same kind of improvement from the Arnold now to the Olympia, that I made from the Olympia to the Arnold about the same time in between now, actually even longer. So it's going to be a very nice, interesting, fierce battle on the Olympia stage, and I can't wait to do it, because it just feels different. I know now for sure that my place in Olympia last time is not going to be represented if it's going to be shown on stage this year, but it's going to be awesome. Chris, I have a question, sorry, Bob. Chris, I'm Stan, five-time Olympia champion, you've been dominant, last year, a moment really brought a great physique, especially from the band. People thought that arguably he beat you on the back of the ball by simply, there's this guy, Wesley, viscers, just won the Arnold, looked incredible, or said he's bringing his best, are you threatened by these guys, or are they still fighting for second? I think you know the answer, but every year it's been someone different, it's been Breon, it's been Terrence, D'Hurz, it's been her bones, but Wesley and in my mind there's a little bad one for second. I would never be so disrespectful, it's a say it's not a challenge, you know being on stage here period, all of us getting up here at the challenge is a just threat, absolutely not. But it's always a challenge getting up here, being the best, being the best version myself, and it's an honor to share the stage with all these people. I've met Wesley back in 2018, I think after Olympia and I remember his kindness and humility then he threw his lung this morning, I had to change since, same with all the guys that I get to share the stage was up here. We have a lot of fun, you know, we give each other some dirty stairs every now and then, but we are always talking about getting up stage and we get some work gets and throughout the year and we enjoy it, so I'm grateful to be competing against these guys and we're just up here to have fun. Chris, we're in the bottom stages, we've met a lot of specializations out there, the rule will melt us more a lot of course, and Breonthus are going to make the big huge announcement just a month ago, and I got to give you a cut of it, and you just pull the table, clawed right out from all those dishes at the table when you announce it and you add a nice business with a tune shark that you've gotten involved with some congratulations for that. But the world was ablaze with top net, if you wait in this opportunity, and possibly this could be your last opportunity that you might be moving on, that you would call it a day, as the winner, as a six-time champion, you've got a brand of family, that business fatures, if you win this title this weekend, is that it? Is that it? It's funny because since I think 2020, I've been telling people when they asked me how many I got left in me, I've been 7-1 more. And every single year I've just been focusing on what ahead of me, be the best I can, showing up for a more. One last year, I got to put the work to put again this year and then to this year, it's all focusing on, you know, every year, I've had a challenge and I've still got to go to the top, but I've been able to overcome it, and show people what I'm capable of in every year, I've gotten better, continue to get better, continue to enjoy it. I don't think much further than the Saturday could be clearly honest, so just enjoying it. I know I got more in me if I'm on it, but I can make that decision whenever I feel ready. Question for her, this early season this year didn't go as planned, I'm not saying, she's not bringing it wasn't the outcome to you a little more. Now knowing you have to come back and fight your way back to get into the top three, basically what changed, what hers can we expect, to more and more, is that tomorrow morning or Saturday morning? I mean the little setback I had at the Arnold's, made the bear definitely hung rear the never before, and I set the fire up for it, it worked so hard to get up the great step on kids on my coach for the five years now, and really found out what works the best, and as it is in our sport we all love the time, is the thing we need to have an all mind. I started my journey pretty young with 20 years old, I've been on the pier at 21 the first time, had to build the density and I think we've changed, not only my health switched, also the density of my body, and that's what you guys are going to expect, I've been on the other day, under Olympus Day, so I'm complete package front to back, I was always well known for my low body development and quality, and now I can say it's finally also especially from the backside, it is there. So when do you see yourself placing? Definitely better the last time. But it is you, I'm asking you about the last year of Olympia, so it is only top two. That's it, yes. Well one of those guys who got to get by is right next to you, that course is Rebovino. I got to think in person for us where your family is out of Brazil, without that, I would not have 10,000 dinosaurs into my Instagram account. Every single day, I get it, I like the moment when it's a great guy, stop sending me dinosaurs. But you've got a great fan base, you, in Earth and Chris, us these new guys here, have been battling for years. You have got to get past Chris, what changes do you need to make to get that title from Chris Bumstead? We were okay, all of all of the points, you know? My back, my fruits, my hamstrings, bro. I told you, I told you last year, remember, this year bro, you mean, over cool, you know? Don't touch me, bro, don't touch me. First of all, get this guy out of big hand, you know? It's a big list, it's amazing. I love it! Thanks for having me, I'm trying, every year, I try, I think so much, thanks so much for the show, this is my bro. Alright, Chris, you're here, big dinosaur, but for it's come up, I'll be here, I do. Or is that shell of the new guy because he's guys in the, lots of times with all the respect to identity, but competition. But like you said, they provide for a side to you, but what a sea shell, something different. He's literally at the flow bat, the classic, you can a lot of the person's of course not, and you're physique in the way you display your physique with your poses. Is he a bigger threat than anybody else at this time, to your title? Like I said before, I truly don't believe anyone in the threat right now. If not, here's the mall saying I'm gonna win, but when I look at them all, I don't believe they believe themselves and I say that. So, I'm gonna believe you, Chris, I'm gonna believe you, you don't believe, believe me, believe in you work. I have my, my word every day. Hope? Chris, isn't true? Who's a true, that you've offered about any of these guys, B2? But you've offered a full-chinch-out contract to work in Beijing. I can have whatever the hell they're on. Ramon, have a question for you. You are a great symbol in Brazil. If you win this thing, you make history, and millions and millions of Brazilians watching the paper view dream on that moment. What is your message to all the Brazilians fans today? Thank you so much for everybody for, for I am pretty, pretty, pretty, right? Praise for me. And thank you, God. Take my wife here, my team. And we work for this year. And you God, this is happening for now, for we. I love the baby. I got Andrew and Samson who battled with Nick at the Arnold. Now Nick isn't here. Last year, he missed a show with people who were like, well, Nick could have won if he was there. I want to know from Andrew and Samson, Does it upset you to not be able to compete against him this year? And kind of prove if you're a better or his better? So, first of all, I was on the side of the field, which made all the bell. All the best. This recovery went very good right now. We just didn't know many of the difference for long time. And you know what? I was just playing and it wasn't here last year. And I was excited about going on stage when he began this year. Fortunately, things have happened for the way they do. So, for me, I'm a little bit tired, just playing that. He's not here this year, but at the same time I know he's going to be in the back home stage in no time. I know Nick very well, man. He doesn't let him in the club. If it's not that important. Samson has said it's a follow-up group. The two guys here left our former Australian BIS, Why do you deserve to beat them? Why do you deserve to be Mr. Olympia? Oh, no! All right, so we're all here. We've heard everybody speak about us. My, I'm going to wait this. And I'm going to do that. And I'm going to prove this. And my ass is tired standing with everyone. I'm going to say, say, yes, I want to say this, man. I'm a little bit of a man for talking. It doesn't work for me. I'm always a man of actions. So I start up here last time. I'm going to make a man, I think that's it. I've done step up front. Me right now. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Come on. Oh, I'm going to talk. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Good. It's a big man. It's a big man. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. John, for real, don't let a kid on my head. Yeah. Here. Come on. John, you know. There's nothing up there. I'm going to say it, man. Oh. Oh. You know, the coward who's in the body. He's calling you guys out. No way, what's up, please. You see? You see? Yeah, what? Why? I said, I know I'm going to get him up. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. x Oh, no way. Good night. No, no go. I know the body. Hello, no. Post! What are you doing, Daniela, Jerry Bryant, how sweet a pie for you, Daniela? I got a yes or no, she never said. Good for you. You know Sam, you just saw what you're going to be up against? What do you mean? It's my privilege. They can all. They can all. They can all. Man, I said to Mr. Bucks, Chris, he said, if we retire, you might call your head, then we don't have a petition. You just saw Sam tonight. You still want to go there? I don't know. To the start, they not discouraged. Maybe next year, we'll have to figure it out. If I can challenge her for me, I'd do what. Was I an influencer? Free mine, so you can go my way for it. All right, let's get to the lighting around here. Why don't you have a delivery? I don't question. I don't want to wear a little pants. Oh, let's see. Chris, I'm sad. So every year, you all, you're such a great storyteller. Every year, you have a challenge. You mentioned challenge this year. Did you experience anything this year? I know you haven't been baby. Such a great storyteller. Honestly, what I mentioned was that this was one of the years where I felt like everything kind of came together. And it was beautiful that it was here that it was here. I got to share it with my baby and my wife. And if I've learned anything over the years, it's had a work of my challenge. And then this year, it's been a whole new load of lessons of what's truly important to me. And if I've learned something from having a child, it's taken the pressure off when I do a bond stage because when I go home to my wife and to that baby smiley, nothing else matters. There's no reason to feel like anything else in the challenge. This is a great blessing. It is a big dream I've ever had in my entire life. My family has been here right now. It's allowed me to just enjoy having me present with bodybuilding. Because that was truly important. So it's been a beautiful year. Congratulations. Thank you. Dear young people, final question to anyone who will be able to be honest. First, congratulations to Mike and him. I want to get one of these bags. So that's one of my questions. Great job with the bags. Congratulations, Mark. Derek. Lums for. Chris Bumstead said, My favorite Olympian title was my second one. After one, my first title, there was a lot of questions about Riannese and this and that. My second one was closing the door. This is my time. Is there where your mind is right now? You want to close the door and say, You know what? I'm Mr. Olympia. I'm going to win again and there will be no more questions. We're going to do it. Absolutely. To be quite honest, if I'm going to show you straight, that's why I said after last year's Olympia win, we made history and it was the best package that I brought today. But I knew where I could improve and I felt that I had a lot that I could improve and even just one year. So I got right back to work and with the motivation and support of my wife and daughter and everyone in my corner, I've been 365 days of bustling it, not just to not a lot of times actually criticized me that this yesterday is a motivation to prove like that haters wrong, like the criticism. No, it's just to be all that I could be. And this year, I wanted to come back and create some business to be quite honest. Yes. The Sanddown trophy, Mr. Olympia title, is in company with just the NFL and the NBA, for having been around for 60 years and having it uninterrupted year after year after year championship. It's only the NBA and NFL and the Mr. Olympia. Does that 6-0 mean how much more does that 6-0 mean? The trophy's gold, you're going to be making a re-win, a win, a comeback. What does that 6-0 mean? A top of all of that. A cup of coffee. Yeah, this is a monumental year. The 6-0 Olympia, there's women 18 Mr. Olympia's ever in the history of bodybuilding and looking at it right now, it looks pretty. I have one that doesn't look like that and doesn't have my name on it. This year I want to go in with my name on it. All right, you did. You did. You did. Yeah, I mean you guys are all nice and buddy but into each other. I can't ask the question now. I mean, you want to ask. But I got a question for Chris. Chris, let's say you would watch the show tomorrow from different role. Not on stage, but you would watch these guys sit next to you. Can be. What do you think would win? You, I mean, honest, who do you believe would win this show tomorrow? If you wouldn't can be. Honestly, yes. I can't answer that. I think that's why I love plastic for these so much. Such a tight race, all the competitors are incredible. They're showing up and doing their best. You know, I know each of them on a level enough to watch them on their journey. Throughout the year, to another, they're all showing up. They're coming for my throat, coming for each other's throat. They're going to be held for show and we're going to see them Saturday, but I have no guess. Well, I guess that's the perfect answer because I try to find out who is. Think of competition this out of the guys, but who was. You know Chris is too smart for it. I was just being well on for that. You should try to catch it. So five times, I won't be in right here. Who on? My question is for Wesley. And Chris's motto has been set to standard for quite a while now. But I don't think he's faced competition in here size, a stature. And his reign, so are you the new standard or is Chris still the standard for classic? It's funny because when I won't be more classical, I owe me a Chris Metback stage quickly. And he literally told me about that quote that I know he's set a new standard for myself, which I have to uphold because fight don't, you know what's going to happen. So there can be a new standard set, depending on what the judges see on that night, but they're like the most. In my opinion, I represent the goal in there perfectly. And if I can then bring the modern conditioning of proportions, the presentation with it as well, that can definitely be the new standard as it is called the Calessia in physique. And this one I'm trying to represent for the moves. I missed two double judges. There are a lot more about this. There are two other members of that as a view. And Saturday night, we're done with the finals. This is it. What two words are you looking for before that big announcement comes? And still.

=== FILE: OPEN CBUM LAST ARM DAY [P0WpFnk1NE8].txt ===

Alright guys, we are on our way to London, London to Prague. We're gonna meet up with Seabumb out there and Calvin and the crew so that we can be able to all try to arrive in Prague. That's the plan, hopefully it works because once we get there, it's gonna be a cluster because we have to make sure that we can try to align because obviously, I've never been to Prague. This is my first time. I'm very excited about it. This is the first time. And I guess last, we're seeing, I'm only saying that because that's what Chris says that he's gonna do open. It's very exciting because this is gonna be all for fun. And I'm just looking forward to being able to get back with the crew, have a really good time, no pressure. Obviously, we wanna see Chris do well, but at the same time, we all know we didn't have a year to build them up and do all that because that was never the intent. He just wants to go out there and check that box of being able to compete in an open show. So that's what we're gonna do and have fun doing it. So, gonna give you a lot of info, gonna give you a lot of content and it's gonna be fun. So, let's get to London. All right guys, we are now at Heathrow Airport in London. On our way to Prague, got here around 6.15 a.m. Wait, Nomsibon, who's been, I don't know if he's delayed or he's just come in right before our next flight, but we actually got a hurry up and get to our flight. And hopefully he'll make this flight because I don't know when the next flight from Heathrow is she'd Prague is, but probably not for a while, so we better get going and go. There's a European reference. Moff? Rankings. He's cold. I just showed him the bodybuilding effect from 2017. I said, thank you. It's a night show, so I'm gonna say pancakes in the morning. Oh, is that what some kind of subliminal message? That's why we do it. Do I? You always have to try to be like, here's my subliminal message. You're just here for fun, I'm peeking myself. With you were getting with Mattie's peeking pancakes. And the corn rice cakes. No, no, there's a pancakes. That was a safe ride. That was just going straight. Wasn't being modest to do a standing thing. Lacks. Lacks. All right, we had just gotten to Prague with good old Mr. Sixth time. What was the last time? Olympia Champion. I'm not six time anymore, I'm just a young kid going to his open day view. That's right. First time. First time to get a kid. So what was that? Is asking what we're doing. He says, do any competition? It's like, oh, was this your first one? And we said, yes. So it kind of is the first one. So I'm going. Chris, I'm sorry, Chris, I'm sorry. And then. I'm going to drop you down. Bye. Chris, cover the shit on that. So soon. Hey. Come on. Come on. Go on. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Go on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. We are here with no sleep. We have a little bit of a workout. Two days, evening, and we're on 6 p.m. But probably 11 a.m. Dallas time and again, we have a supplement. We have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit because you came from Miami, but I got to take a little nap before we came. But we're going to just do a little bit of arms and then just try to get me set the block so we can get the bed and start fresh into the arm. We'll have workouts. Follow up until two is pork shell. We're going to do a little bit of a workout. We're going to do a little bit of a workout. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. I just want to take off every full week. I can actually recover. No. Wait, it's okay? Yeah. Good. Good. Oh, it's so long. Yeah, it can bring it to you. It's really good. Good job. Oh, it's so long. Show it to me. There's two little notches that you have to pull on both sides and pull up. It's up. No, like on the handle. No, no, you can barely see them. They just slide up lower. Lower. Yeah, there we go. Oh, my god. You're leaving the house. Good. That's the best. Good. Good. Good word to Jim. Good word to Jim. Yeah, yeah. It's just nothing we got from the show. Sit. 645. It's 42. Yeah, we're all half asleep. Half awake. I mean, it's like a lunch at 45 in here. Okay, love you. I found it tomorrow. Bye, Quirt. All the way. Good. Good. Give him a kiss. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'm moving. Give him a kiss. Three. Two. One more. All the way. All the way. All the way. All the way. Good job. All right, guys. We're in Prague, but I do need to remind you guys. We are constantly loading new content on the FST7 app. Make sure you go check it out at hondirambaud.com. Download the FST7 app. You can just put it in the phone. Okay. Good. Nice stretch. And try. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. All the way. All the way. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job. This is the feeling of legit romance. Armour gun. Okay. Good. How. School and benchmark. Good. All these cards on the left, and there's one in the nuts. Let's go, come on Chris. I'll take you guys in here too. Can't see myself. Right off, good go. All right guys, work out one completed here in Prague. We did arms, bicep tricep, got some cool machines. It looks very, very retro. I think you liked them. All you need to do is everything we've great, so. Yeah. That's what we want to do. So one key point is when you're traveling 10, 12, 14, 16 hours like we did, what you really need to do is try to reset. So whether you do cardio or a full workout in our case, it was really about getting some kind of workout in. So they get to be able to reset your body, get that blood flow, and then be able to really get tired so that you can be able to sleep and reset it to the new time. Because if you don't, you're going to be up all night, and that's going to be a mess. That's still my opinion. You know, yeah, we didn't do any caffeine. That'll coffee. A little bit. I like four or thirty. Four. Yeah, but the point is, try to get that workout in when you get in, especially when you're traveling, or at least in cardio. And now we're going to go to the grocery store, and I'm going to try to find some Persian food. Persian food. There's some pro food. I don't know what's pro food. We're going to have a lot of them, guys. Buffins. All right. You're a peeing baker.

=== FILE: OPEN PREJUDGING  CBUM [eGuPiqSn-yQ].txt ===

There he is. starting which Ben  Throughout which we have team ALL panels I'm not a team. Christian. 14. No, not a lot. 14. Not a lot. 14. There you go. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. 14. It's given on that program. There arehtanes here at the Worldutter Square. Each year abroad is a 10 year old Mars. Just 5 meters long. Just 516. 1. down in the middle. There's a  chat here. Growing up down of mountains and to the Fort from there, at my mom's home, on capooune, school,ened a quarter of the ball? 319. Start with everything. Goy xthub drft ya'll cadre! Are you going with the music? Goy xthub scenery. the Wow.cl Let's go away! Hip-hop, sign triple index. Sorry Truitsa. Myers-Western R Gyesda! Rehears, you'll know what I'm out of! Fits, wearing pretty shit hair! If you don't have a leg, would you like to do mutters!? Come on, Grew! Come on Thank you gentlemen back in line. I think this is one of the demands he definitely doesn't look undersized and wide. Obviously he doesn't have the back density and thicknesses. I think this is a pretty clear victory in my mind. I'm trying to be as embiesious as possible. Before this, I said that Martin would win the show. Margaris came forth on the Olympia. He was really hot and six perfect. I think he's not as good as we've seen in the 15 minutes. I'm really full and it's really good. I take back everything I've said. I think this could be Martin here. Pretty crazy. It could be a fourth place in the Olympia. From the Olympia, it's a pretty well. Thank you gentlemen. Thank you gentlemen. Thank you gentlemen. Thank you gentlemen. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.

=== FILE: REUNITED ..... @AndreiDeiu ....for one workout [SP-n1rJcMK0].txt ===

Alright guys, we are back here at Evo Land here in Cologne, Germany. Final day of Evo was today and I have get a little bit of a shoulder pump and then you know I always train alone but once in a blue moon they'll be somebody that wants to train with me. So I just try to grab somebody just randomly might want to train shoulders with me. So this is what we got to tell all guys we got a back! Black in the game! I only used been this excited since he had that one time in Dubai when you were fishing and you didn't come back for four days. You're like an exciting seeer bro. He has this exciting man. You're like you're like you're like I'm ready to do the yacht life show. No no more I'm going to put that line. Yes, that's right that's right so again getting to see each other in a long time. It's been a while and look who's back. I still had bigger calves than he does. Oh bro, don't start. Only when I bought them doing a little bit of progress. Look at this. What do you think? Nice talk sir. Do you injection bro? He's doing injections. At this point I need everything. Troll that negative. All right guys I had a lot of people come up to me at the booth asking about how to get those gold or shoulders. One of the things that they're doing is number one they're using too much trap. That's why they're not getting the lateral head of the del. When you're doing lateral raises and what you're doing is you're not focusing on centric the weight down. Only on the way up. See how Andre's coming down slowly that's what you want. You want to control the weight, don't let it control you. Make sure video yourself and wash yourself. You'll know how fast or supposed to be going. One to two seconds on the way down. 1,000, 1,000, 1,000 to it perfect. Just like that control. Good and not too high don't bring your hands up higher than shoulder level. When you go up, we have been here. We're going to start hitting a lot more trap. So you got to be really, really careful with that. Alright so tempo is important. You don't want to go too fast. Don't want to go too slow either because if you go way too slow, you're not going to be using the heavier weights. You want to be able to balance the tube. Make sure you're using heavy enough weight but don't go so slow that you have to lighten it up so much that you're actually being a detriment to yourself. Good. Keep going to go on. That turned up a little bit on the way up. That's it perfect. Go so 3, 2, 1 more. Good not partial. Go go. Good go all the way up. There you go. Up there. 3, 2, 1 more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. Good job. Not scared. Oh you missed me. This is one thing I didn't miss. One more end of doing like six more ends. That's right because we're doing the exchange rate. Romani and dollars. Exchange rate. It's dollars to pay so it's raw. That's what you want set. We can get your meal. You go 3D, bro. So hand it to your health. Yeah. Single ones. Yeah. It is a killer. I still do it. I still do it in my trading. Yeah. Yeah. Can't forget the training. You want to stay at your children? Yeah. Yeah. Back to the end of the beginning. Yeah. Especially when you're on the back with your ass. Yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Again, do not use too heavy away where your traps are going to kick in. If you want to be able to use away, you're going to be able to control. And then also when you get to those parcels, make sure that it's only the last third of the set. Don't do start doing parcels halfway through the set. The last third. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. I'm going to switch. Hold it, hold it. Oh, I know it hurts. Hold it. Good. Control. Good. Great. Four. Five. Five. Six quick control. Six quick control. Seven. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Eight. Now together. Good. Can we get more control? One. Control. Control. Even more. We're all that's better. That's perfect. That's perfect. Two more. Two more. Just like that. Good. Two partial. Eight. Eight. Two. Eight. God, you're a statue brush, a statue brush, a statue brush, a statue brush. A statue brush. Let's go much more scalar. Two trees. Squeeze. Shot. Lots out. Right there. Hold that. Five seconds. Five seconds squeeze. Four. Three. Three. Three. Two. One. Good job. That's it. I'm not gonna get my time. Welcome back. Oh my god. I'm gonna finish it like this. She's been still training bro. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Lift your shoulders. Look at that. Look at that. There. It's just looking forward. It's the deep. So it's all the details. So you must have the shirt. He's now starting to come. After all these years, the nice break off. So the elbow to really get it. It's body to be sweaty. Now it's getting all of that detail from all the rest. You have the rest. Yeah. It's all the way. It's all the way. It's all the years that we did together. It's been years and years. And that's all coming back. Yeah. How many people still talk about that? Ah bro. Even at the age, it was like, get people, remember that one leg to end the risk. Yeah. She's back in the year. Yeah. There still people talking about that video bro. Yeah. I swear. I love those F-27 workouts. Yeah. You push them back. You was the baby then. I know we got so much motivation. So many people. So many people all around the world. I go. People always say. And it's the most video. It's like five six years. Yeah. And they're still posting now. I see it in my mention. They're still posting now. All of the gems. So everywhere. That's awesome. All right guys. We just did a lot. We just did a lot of stuff. We just did a lot of stuff. We just did a lot of stuff. And then we went to full sets. Then we went front rays. But again, single arm. And then going over to completing the following arm. Then we brought it back. And did together. And then now what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and do shoulder press on a machine. So we want to do is just be able to focus on the overall del. So it's really important to be able to get those cannon ball del. You cannot lack in one exercise over the other. It's a balance during the workout of presses as well as ladder raises. Eight reps. Go down lower bro. If you can. You're so good. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Just go to that. You can without it burning. Because that way you pull the range of motion on the light light. You try to rehab. Okay. Because you don't want to limit it if you don't have to. The lower you go the better. The bends if they do like. Up to 5.11. I go like in KG 90 or KG. If they do over which I'm over it's 90. You're fine. So I'm gonna be fine either way. I'm nearly in time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we'll be fine later. Wait. Good thing you didn't have to be legs. Come on, bro. I'm working, bro. I'm working, bro. Okay. Sit or can. He doesn't want his get his legs too big because it might make his third member look true. She's not. That's what that was him. He doesn't want to. He doesn't want to. He doesn't want to. That's up the cemetery. You know, you fucking have the secret now come on. That's supposed to be a true one. You told me that you were worried about the girls with the big hands. I was like, bro, I don't have to worry about it. I don't know what fucking good that big hand bro. Yeah. Yeah. One more. One more. One. Now hold that one. You come down with this one. Give me free rest. One. That's you. Good. Now hold that one. One. Two. Now two. Now two. The finish it. The T-flash. One. Two. Three. Ah. That's it. You're in most muscular. That way. It's right there. It's right there. Good job. Number text. It's back to me. It's back to me. It was pictures. And that remember. Hadi. Yeah. Before going to the stage. That's right. That's right. That was 2000 and 20. 20. Yeah. Backstage. Hadi slap some. Literally slap both. And he's strong. He's already laughing because he's going to be out of post. And I will watching a backstage at the Olympia. And then he was like, Hadi is trying to to spin out of post. How do you look at him? He's like, oh, you're on the tip. Yeah. He wasn't playing. He said you need to go there and fight. Yeah. Really, really aggressive. He's strong. Yeah. Like, hold. Yeah. Finally, bro. We're going back to the stage. Don't ever hang out with you so I can put your weight on for you. And it's going to be strong so I can put your weight. Help you with the spot. Yeah. You with the spot. Yeah. Two. Three. Four. Four. Four. Five. Six. You go more. You go more. Seven. Two. One more like this. Three. You're playing around now. Showing you know he's done. Strong run. Strong. Yeah. Let's go. That's brilliant. One. Two. Three. Two more. One more. Yeah. Yeah. Easy. Woo. Getting, getting back, he's shaking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Getting, getting back, he's shaking. I see. I see. Especially here. You're more rounded. Yeah. Yeah. He's actually trained. It's a genius work. I thought he was just a myth. It was a theory. So come. He's actually really in a really entertaining. He's training with my own. Yeah. He's going to do a lot of fun. But he likes to go training for like, three years a week or just week. And then at one week, nothing, only sport night video games. He's like, he's going to do the fight in any way. He's going to do it. He goes this month for black belt. No way. That's so sick. Yeah. So that's so cool. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Good. Go. Go. Bye. Two. All the way. All the way. All the way. Good. Now. Let's go. Go. Three. Good job. Let's go. Let's head. Squeeze it out. Squeeze it out. Squeeze it out. Squeeze it out. Squeeze it out. There you go. Drive. Three, two, one. Good job. Woo. And I was like, well, I'm going to come to the gym. You know, do a light work. I would leave a pump here and there. Expo pump. Bro, excellent pump. I've been feeling like this in years, bro. You know something that I'm feeling fucked. Like, I'm actually, you know, getting stronger. I'm training, you know better. And then I train with honey and it's like fuck. That was a horrible story. That's it. That's it. They're coming,,. Good job buddy. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. It's three in a row. It's like part here right now. It's like part here. You're in the back of the nose. Good. Three. Breathe in the nose. You're going to go. You're going to go. Next one. Go. Good. Good job. Go. Bring those on. Got it. That's it. That's working now. Three reps. Three reps. One. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. So what we're doing is we're doing rear delts. The key to rear delts is to make sure that your elbow is in the same height as your shoulder. As you're bringing back, you're controlling the eccentric. You do not want to just go with crazy, crazy, fast positive. And then drop the negative. You want that tension all the way through. And tempo is okay. If you go a little bit quickly, it's okay on the exercise. But you don't have to be super, super slow. But you can be very deliberate and make sure that you're getting parallel with the other arm. And then you're going back again. Do not just do partial. Go all the way to your completely 90 degrees with your hip. So you just make sure that you're going right in that level. And you should have your wrist in the same plane as the belt. You can squat for 10,7.onsense. It should be serious on the right and out of general speed for practical exercise at this time just fine. I need to  up instead. Please. Keep your watch to watch. Can you just move all the way walking forward? How aboutas? Can you hear me over your hands? Rick. What are you doing? No, is this your turn at all of this? You've got to... ... outbreaks from El Klar. Just bill? No, it's not that bad. Your turn? Oh forgive me. Good job on Drake. Keep going, brother. Good. Good. Good. Good. Hold it. Good. Good. Hold it. Good. Again. Two more. Two more. One more. Good. Now partial. Off the bottom. Good stretch. All the bottom half. One. Two. Three. Two more. Two more. Good job. Ready. One more. Bring your elbow back. Hold it back. Good. Send it. Hold it back on him. Hold it back. Five. Four. Three. Three. One. Good. Good. Again. Five. Five reps. One. Two. Easy. Three. Last two. Strong. And again. Last one. Two more. Two more. There's going easy. You go this. One more. One more. One more. One more. And again. Last one. Finish. Last one. Last one. That was the one. Woo! This is good. Good. Good. Okay next. Chest up. There you go. Good. Good job. Come on. Come on. Training for purpose. Training with purpose. Always make sure you're training with a purpose guy. Good. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Come on. Good. Good. Good job. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Come on. Three. Two. Good. Two. Two. Good. Keep going. Keep going. You got this. Good. Four. Marshall's Marshall's. Three. Two. One more. One more. One more. Go. Good job. One more. Five. Four. Three. Five. Four. Three. Four. Four. Three. Five. Four. Three. Four. Three. Good job. Now, slide down. The other side. Take a picture. Good. Everybody's going. You're going. Two. You're going. You're going. There. You're going. Watch. All of the. All of the. All of the. All of the. One. Three. Right there. Right. You. I said. Hold that. Twist. One. Two. Two. Two. Good job. Take someone's brother. Oh man. So good. Wow. That's it. Woo. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. I feel it wrong. Tell the people. I feel it. I feel it. I feel it. We can tell by my face. I feel. I feel amazing. I feel very grateful. It was a very hard workout even though we did the. Two sets. She exercises because of the expo. We tired and not enough. What. But. What's that amazing. Amazing. I feel my. I showed the feeling full of blood. Like I can even. Keep them still. This is our heavy. They feel. So you will do something? Yeah. Yeah, especially on back day. Yeah. And shoulder. Yeah. For sure. On back. I already do. Either the beginning of the end. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. We're doing that and the low of single, single arm. Yeah, exactly. Especially on chest. I so press. I so exactly. I so lateral pressing. For some reason sometimes my right side is weaker than the lift one. It's a good press. Yeah. So I always try to compensate and do it together. So I kind of want to see how to do it. Because the arms are a little tired now. Yeah, that's it. Now single now. Now single. You already know. Whatever is our data. Our data trying to help a guy out. Sliding the DM. We're on Sunday. Oh, that's it. That's it. It's a picture used by coupon. On a swipe up 10% you know. Oh, that's it. Always a good time. Great, great day. Yeah, six hours at the booth. I had eight hours at the booth today. We were up there and it was awesome because again, we got to see each other and it's like Starting right where we left off. So energy is always good. The vibes are always excellent. And me now starting to train a little bit again, you know. You have to actually train with the train and all the train. I train you but actually it's train to get the little bit. Yeah. It was really enjoyable. And you know. Yeah, you get to come to Texas. And of course, around the present. I'm going to be in a safe home. I'm going to be on the company to visit the Yvonne G. For sure. Yes. So I'm really excited about that one. I've been seeing you on social media after one of your stories and I know it's going to be really good because I know what you put into your things I do. So I know the machines are going to be so good. Yeah, it's good. Awesome. So we're looking forward to it. Guys, again, great reunion. It was awesome. Let us know what work out you'd like to see next in the DMs. And we'll actually see the DMs in the next. More like so. More like this. Guys remember the legacy. I remember that. Never forget that. That's all right. I'll see you in the next one. Thank you.

=== FILE: Rating Your Physiques LIVE at the Evogen Booth  2025 Pittsburgh Pro [XQU6Fg2XXkA].txt ===

Alright guys, we are here at the Pittsburgh Pro and we got John Lucas who is how many years old? I'm 22 years old. 22 years old. I'm 20 weeks old. He's 20 weeks old. From a natural, what's the name of the show? It's the capital, the capital classes. Okay, so he's doing the capital, the capital is 20 weeks. You're about 5,99 pounds. How much? Right now, I'm 225 in the morning. Okay, so 225, 20 weeks out. We're going to do a quick, great year for Z here. While we're doing it, we got a little provide access here. You're going to front door by step. Good. Now, we're going to teach you straight on. There you go. Put that. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah, do that shot straight on like that. Good. Good. My steps, good chest. Good. Conditioning is going to continue to get better as you start dieting down. Good. Good. Clap the 15-pose. Good. Good, most muscular, we're going to see you. Let's go ahead and let me see you. You're back in the life of that. Hold the right there. And then you're pinching your back. Hold it out. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Awesome. So, let me give you the rating here. So what needs to happen is again, many eyes like to build a front. Guy continue to build your back. Right? We have big traps. Be careful not overloading your traps on your back movements. Right? But chest, which great arm, shoulders, and great. Continue to keep working your upper chest because you got good width. So we're going to do a lot of incline work. Dumbells, incline presses with machine. Also incline flies. Take a short to do that. Lourplex looks really, really good. Making sure that each guy at grow is back from the front and the back. So again, a lot of rows, dead lifts. Nothing too crazy because you don't want to go too heavy on the dead lift. But just a good substantial amount of weight. To be able to get it back to grow. And a lot of pull ups, pull down, and the different variations going to be key. But good luck with it. Take a nice dive. So like, it's very, very good. Yeah, I'll let you know. At least this year, man. Because we're just having a good time. I'll give you a big hug. Yeah, and if you take your null, now let's go ahead and take your part of our life. Take your null, man. Take your null, man. Take your null, man. You guys want to prepare one of those, man. So we'll put the fling on the inside the better. Round two, six. Let's hear that dive out. So, alright. So it looks great. Definitely keep working on your back. You can back is probably one of your weed your spot. You can work and thinking it up. There's a lot of rows, a lot of pull ups. Make sure that you work your back. not just machines but make sure you mix it between the chains and freeways. Okay, that's all. Yeah, that's cool. And the new X. Yes, mix it together. I'll stick to just one, mix them together, and then make sure that you're working on your legs, hamstrings, a little more. It's okay, we used to do a hot-blood exercise in the twine. It's okay. We used to do a hot-blood exercise in the twine section. If you go to my website, I have some services, but it's only for like off season and for physique transformation. We can get more information if you go to my site or go to my site or go to my website. There are a hundred rambought.com. I just want that between twice, we see what's going on. Yeah, yeah, those ones are okay. They can tell you what my schedule is and the other side was. I think it can give you more information about the photo. Sure. So, great, but physique needs to work on his back, which is needs to be able to really work on being able to get more back thickness. But from the front, it's great, great chest, a little more thickness in the quad, and back and he's going to be on to a really good career. We're going to go to the side chest. We're back to the hole. We're going to pull under the elbows out, out forward a little bit. Just up, just up, just up. All right, Jerm. These are chest, there you go. Chest more. More chest. You're letting go. These are chest and cross hands. There you go, these are these, these are these. We have a practice that though. So, again, he's 16 weeks out from which y'all. North Americans. North Americans. Look really good condition wise. Make sure you focus on your posing. Make sure you work on your arms. You're going to continue to keep trying to work on your hammer curls for your outer biceps. Make sure you're doing a lot of spider curls. Make sure you're doing a close grip bench to really pick it up with your triceps. And then also make sure that you're doing single arm. Reverse triceps. That's good. The three divisions. You're going to have to be a little bit of a classic and light Davis. Okay. And we're going to have a bit of a faster work. Working hard so I can be an elite athlete. Yeah, you're going to just figure out kind of where you fit. But I think you got to break the seat. Just make sure you work on your posing. All the poses. Because you need to work on it. You got plenty of time. Yeah, Bob, I'm going to work with a Kenny. Can you well? Yeah, that's a guy. So, just make sure you focus on making sure you're practicing. Yep. And practice your posing and you're doing your work on it. And again, you wouldn't have helped me so much. Thank you very much. Yeah. And love all the products. And I'm going to mess with you. So I'm just working hard so I can be able to beat athletes. Yeah. Thank you, honey. Thank you. People have updated tag me on the photos. Yeah, good luck. Eggers came nine. There are no nine's here. And I said, Milan. First of all, the arrow kept going this way. This way, this way. And I said, we're in country as that in. It's literally on my evening stuff. I do everything in the back. That's what you know where. Sighting me some amino cam to everyone. Yeah. Yeah. You're all lost today. How are you? Good. Good. Good. You did? That was asking about you, wasn't it? Yeah. I got to go through the thing. How are you? Good. Good. Traveling. I said, let's back home. Oh, yeah. So we're going to take him to the big finale event. It's all a little rough. You know what? You're right. You look good. Just checking on the man. The man. Ask a person to say, they're giving me shit that doesn't mean that line's taking place. I'm just calling him coming on my head. Oh, we're coming on the head. You're all right. You're good. You're good. You're good. I'm good. I'm good. I thought you probably entered that point. You were like, what are you like tonight? Oh. No, no, no. You're good. Oh. Yeah. Do you have time to be no shrimp down my boy to go to the end? Yes. All right. You're trying to get me. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to show my legs, though. All right. Good. We've got a reindeer for Seek. Are you going to show? Am I doing a show? Yeah. I'm being off season right now. We're doing an off season like the butcher name. It's that. Yeah. That was that kid and where are you from? Originally he has to Pennsylvania but originally Virginia now. Yeah. Okay, yeah, right, I think like if you do the 228 last time, I'm 276 right now. Did you get to get a couple of photos? Yeah, with this front door by the set. There's a waiting way to go back. Put your elbows forward, more, more, more, more, more. There you go, much better, much better. You sit, chest. Good, good, back double. Good, elbows forward a little bit. Down a little bit. The left one a little more down. There you go, good. Good, you got to build a little bit of cemetery on your left side versus your right. Yeah, yeah, but you got turned back around. So the front, to the front, go to the front. And just do a much more good. Did you carry your pack or what's going on? You don't carry it in your rear. Yeah, this is gonna be a good. Good, good. All right, so you gotta continue to work on upper chest, bounce it out. And because also that pet there, you try to bounce up the look of the pet there. You got one wrap that's bigger than the other. You gotta work on that asymmetry. Then you gotta make sure that you're winding your arms because you gotta be able to hit more by separate the Alice. So again, hammered pearls and also making sure you're doing like spider curls. Anything that's gonna be able to also be able to widen that arm is gonna go along the way. But yeah, you can scrape down and leg the leg so it'll just make sure you get a more wrapped. Thank you, yeah. All right, let's see if I can do it. He's actually my client. So that's okay. See if you can do it too. All right. Good. Better. Thank you. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. On this. You gotta go. You're going to wind her here. Work on the rear belt. Work on the upper chest. Quad hamstring with good. Back. Don't lean back so much. You're leaning back too much. There you go. Right there. Bring your elbows up. No, no, no, no. Not that way. Good. Good. There's much less going. Good. Yeah, just keep working on your arms, upper chest. Your back is good, but just continue to get stronger. And as you get leaner, just really work on making sure your legs are separate. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to do it all the way. You're going to do it all the way. Yeah. My last show. My legs were the last thing to come out. Like three weeks out to one week out. It's like everything came off from here. Like my whole upper body gets ready like six weeks out. But this here, that takes the longest to go. Yeah. It's like a bad thing to stay like. Yeah. Like a photo. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. You really need to work on your rear. You're rear delts probably one of the weakest parts of your body. So a lot of bent over lateral raises. You can really work on. Also front raises on that front belt. You can build a lot. You can make sure you're doing it. But make sure that you're also doing it maybe on a spider bench. You can do that or even do it on cables. Now, are you like coming straight or are you going to bring it up? Oh. You want to be able to be stuck on that. But you also want to be able to do one of those sets of two sets of two sets of that. Because that's all. And, but also, like it said. Make sure you do it on like a 45 different angle like on an inclined boundary. And then, you can be able to do that to the city. You'll get like different range of motion that's got a different tension point. So, more tensions throughout the range of motion. So, you can do that. And also. You can also set up a bench and then have cables. Yeah. So, you're using cable Dass mention. You can either use a rope or an Allen train and then downgrade the post potential at the wall. That's right. That'd be really good for the shoulder. Let's go back to the next one. Alright, we're going to need to continue to be... Hit your back. So, again, doing rows, doing low cable rows, making sure you're changing grip variations, so you're not using the same grip. Pulled-out. Make sure you don't just do overhand pull-down, so that it'll, like, pull-up. Make sure you do over-pour. Make sure you're also with a few bar, so you can change the grip. Because that will hit the... Yes, that's going to hit all the different areas. So, when I look at your body, I think you kind of go into a kind of... ...like kind of doing the same side of things. Yeah. So, you need to change your variation. That's what I'm just looking at you. I go, okay. Definitely makes up the variation because you're going to get broke. I think you have a great physique, but I think that you don't have... ...and all the studios you need, you're able to break the plateau because you need more variation. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. That's not the same stuff. That's a tough one. Okay. I think it's a really good one. I get it. That's it. Right. Oh. Yeah. Oh, and then the other thing you do is when you're going heavy, the shoulder press is ...go heavy. Eight cent reps would be careful that when you're doing ladder raises, but you're not ...putting your traps into it because if you break too much crap into it, you're not going to hit your ladder. So slow down and hard to exceed it when you're doing your... ...should be here at the middle of ladder raises, and you'll see if it doesn't. Yeah. I was going to ask you, um... ...why do you have a lot of weights? I don't have to decide. I'm going to mount my foot. No, I'm going to decide. I'm going to decide and then like, like you're pouring a bit of a bit of a icy. So I'm going to go in here and then you're going to mount right. You should be right and then roll it through left. Perfect. All right. I'll make a shift. Yeah. Yeah. Get a good pump and tap in. Oh, right. So I wanted to like, just suggestions. Okay. So hamstrings are not really there. But my back is just... Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I wanted to buy some. Just go to the safe. So good hamstring tie-in. So one of the things that works really, really well for that are actually... ...going getting on the step-known and doing step-known. So for hard-known, I abuse that machine. Yeah. So if that would be really, really good. And then also the other thing is that you've got to really... ...like it's like almost two different types of bodies, right? Yeah. So what you're going to have to do is... ...on an athlete's. Yeah. So you're going to do it in hard-known. Also doing a little bit of sprints. We'll also help you as well. I've noticed that. Yeah. Like a pole is like right underneath, like right right at the top of your hamstring. Right. And then exercise wise in the gym. Full gerryz blitz blitz blitz, walking lunges. Making sure that it's a hard stuff. Yes. Exactly. That's...when you do that, you'll start to see the match-up between upper body and lower body in terms of condition. Because this looks awesome. This just needs a little more help to catch out the issue. But it looks great. Yeah. Where's the front? Huh? Where's the pictures in front? You know what I see there. I don't want to see the front. The must be his knockout shot. You want to show his knockout shot. I'm skinny. You got a little front, lat. Okay. Oh, it looks good, man. It's really good. 18. Yeah. Now, it's great. Just continue to bring in the legs, but you got really good legs for being 18 and being as tall as you are. Because you're about over six feet. Yeah. I showed Chris the mirror. He's like, he didn't stick with it. I'm not a scholarship. I have what he's doing for a loss. That's why I got the legs. That's why I'm very much like, I would say. I'll be 23 when I graduate. I'm right back on his head. Yeah, that's pretty much pretty nice. You have a drum, a little bit. There you go. Right there. Don't slap your foot off of your bike set. Like that. There you go. That's better. You're such a chef. Such a chef. So you're collapsing it? You've just got a very young. That's better. Good. You've working your upper chest and you're aware of that. So that you can go with it and go more with it. Okay. Back to the license. Good. Chest up. There you go. Bring your elbows down. Bring your elbows a little bit towards me. Right there. That's too much. That's too much. Right there. You're strong. It's body part. It's your back. It's your back. Thank you. Just continue to keep working on it. You always get to have to do a little bit of a good job. Okay. That's a good one on you. Keep working on it. Thank you, sir. That's an honor. Yeah. Great. Come from you. Thank you. Keep going. Alright guys. Hope you enjoyed the video. This is the first time I sat down and taped a rate your physique in person. Everywhere I go around the world, people want me to explain the strengths and weaknesses of their physique. This time I was able to do so and also shoot it for you. So again, let me know what you think about the rate your physique live because I'm going to be in St. Louis this weekend at the S2 Expo event in St. Louis. Again, May 17th. I'm going to be there from 12 to 3. If you're anywhere in the area, stop by and again. Let me know what you liked about it, what you'd like to be changed about it, or any other suggestions in the comments below. And once again, do not forget to turn on your notifications, like and subscribe.

=== FILE: SETH FEROCE KILLER LEG DAY [6SfMdPAb_A0].txt ===

What is odd? It's so cute. Welcome. Thank you. That's nice. Very, very monied. That's it. How you guys doing? Doing it. You guys are good. How's the temperature compared to being passing? It was 21 degrees when we left this morning. It was just going to fall here. It was chilling when we landed, but then it warmed up. Are you doing good? It's good to see you. You continue to see you. You continue to. You're doing the worst. Can I see that? Yeah. That's right. Hello. I have to see you again. This is your first time here, right? Yeah. I'm ready for a tour. I think this is like, I don't know if this is always like, I never see this. This is one of the first t-shirts from like, 08. Whenever I had the white, Eve-janties shirt, then I had a black, Eve-janties shirt. So when I see that, I put it in a pool. I know there's a white one somewhere. I think it was on MD. That was the last time I remember seeing myself. I cut the sleeves off of it, and it was for one of the videos Leave in the National. Okay. Yeah. It's a little bit bigger. A little 20% tour. Yeah. I don't know if you see the professor yet. Somebody handbed this for me. The guy that did hot his nine foot statue. It's awesome. All my hand. Check that. He's pretty cool, right? It's awesome. That is part of the cool things that like, like in the industry, all the fans are, they all do something. They can be able to help. Yeah. I think that's what I was going to do. I was going to do that. 13 years. Yeah. I was going to do that. 13 years. Yeah. I think that. On the one. We used to. Yeah. They just assume, and you get to remember, it's an evolutionary process. There's a lot that's happened in the last 30 years of my experience in the gym. You know? And you start to learn things. And you go, oh, I put a lot of importance in this. And then you start realizing that that's important. It's not as important as this. And what we do is we put time under tension, you know, at the top. And then you turn around and go, yeah, it's for injury motion. Great. Yeah. But if you want to say that everything is down here, the contraction has a lot to do with it, especially when you're a bodybuilder. Because if you're not contracting in the gym, and you try to contract for the first time on stage, doing a look like shit. And you're not going to turn around. You're going to start shaking. You're not going to have a detail. And you get to remember, it's also the aesthetic portion of what happens and you guys haven't measured because you're doing something that science based, that's in a book from a clinical study. But they didn't turn around. I've been my clinical study in the last 30 years and 25 will be a wins later. Right? So, I'm sitting there going. You put it so much more eloquent than I could. You're an idiot. No, you just do it this way. We do this at the accident's led you away. Yes, magic. Exactly. But what I turn around and do is just try to sit there and say, hey, look, there is no perfect way, but there is a little bit better way. And something that's less likely to get you hurt. And that's why when we created FST7, to be able to increase intensity from a very far away distance, you and Pittsburgh, Phil was in Denver. But the car, it was in Las Vegas. The concepts, I mean, even just the simplicity of the concepts, like they are an intricate concept, the simplicity of you being able to take people there is why I think I get worked for me. And you've got to be able to just go to be able to adapt to it as well. You can't just be set in their ways. 100%. Yeah, gotta be willing to just be like, yeah, I'll try. I need it. So we'll get to try other things too. Just add on to the arsenal. It's like a toolbox. You just keep adding me to this to them. I'll be like the way for you. Yeah, yeah, literally. Yeah, so welcome to my, my jig. This is bad ass. And if you want to change, you're kind of where, where's located on your vehicle. We can move that if we want to. Yeah, just get the feel for it. Yeah. Smooth for playbo to machine. I'm saying normal you think playbo to the machine. Yeah, I'll send it get really easy. My attention really, yep. Good. How are you doing? It'd be a full. I just bought it. There's good there for sure classic. There's the next boat. We're going there, launch, you know, but we're coming out with your next year. Doing meetings and then that's it. And then kind of right back home. I have a few steps. You're a group, I know. I have a few here. Not for someone like that. When you get a little older, I'll take an India. Because I want him to see some of the kind of how the rest of the world lives. Yeah, but right now he's still a little too young. I'm a way to about another year or two. Good news is he's still having a clutch week. A lot of guys want to get older and lose your clutch week. Let's start. I want to talk to you about. Sure. And just see you general seeing if that, however everything works. You're a opinion matters. Sure. It's true. But overall everything. Absolutely. I mean, we already take a quick look at your body. You see how your legs look when they get full. And you can already see that you still have that fullness in your outer street, which is really good because a lot of guys, as they get older, they lose their outer street. And then if you really start losing your lower body, start losing your little roots. And then you get old man ass. And that actually slows down your metabolism too. Especially when you end up getting older and don't train legs. You lose a ton of muscle. And you never really stop train. Yeah. Yeah. Just change my train. Right. Just functional functional functional functional functional dude. Yeah. I'd make myself feel good and look good. Yeah. Yeah. I can feel crazy if I don't. That's awesome. Good. Yeah. But now it's been good. Got me in shape, but I backed off the cardio significant. Well, I don't think you really mean it. I don't see you because you're still in rich shape. There's no point in it because all it's going to do is just going to end up being you out to my chest. That's kind of what I was afraid of shaving everything off. It's going to happen. You were in Mexico with us and you're certain. I remember you. I feel like an asshole now. It's so good. You just had to get a little of the nitrophics in there. Yeah. You get the blood flow rolling. Wait a minute. You look familiar. I thought you were a fan of Mexico. That's awesome. That's awesome. That's awesome. A little fucking blast. How fun is your son? I have a, I was working on a post because I was going to post a bunch of videos of this kid. He's a fucking crazy. He's a fucking riot. He is me. He's like, if I'm saying, he's me now, which is kind of a problem. Me when I was a kid, I was shy, full ten minutes. But he's new now. That's the problem with camera with me. Yeah. Actually, I mean like, you don't, you don't become a, you, 11 year old. He's a, you're a little innocent boy. He's running around. He's got a 40 year old man's characteristic. So it doesn't give a fuck. That's what I mean in that one. You know, she's 17. So she'll, she'll like, you know, co-her some to do something. So he learned a new magic trick. She taught him. Rock paper scissors. One, two, three shoots. And I'm like, god of a, who are you doing to me? You're killing me. So if a good in the bad comes with me. If a good in the bad. That's awesome. Ah, okay. So when you're going up, you're doing, if you're going through the motion. This isn't a pump right. Uh, sat. Go up. Come down. Twice the foot. Okay. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Ten to twelve. You two. That's fun. See those fibers firing? Yep. Right? Because you're now allowing it to really create more time and retention. And that's what you can. That's going to help you with that density. Good. Good. Even in the early sets. Yep. Yep. Yep. Good. See how you're shaking? Uh-oh. It's because you're used to just dropping and releasing tension and allowing that to happen. That's why even you've been training. But people who get shake normally are the ones that are not in the muscle will crackly or they haven't been training at all. Like if you haven't trained abs forever and you start shaking your incunchars. Yeah. That's why it's because you're not hit the muscle properly. Ah. Yeah. More time of retention than there. You can control that. Good. It's just quality reps. Good. Now on this leg point your right here through toe and a little bit there. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Now for the rest of the set. Point your toe. There's much you can like that. Perfect. Good. You feel a little bit more in your upper back. Good. Go left. Good control. Good. Good. Good. Good control. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Good. So we're doing is we're just getting him slow down a little bit. He's going to fly it. One second on the way up. Maybe two. And then he was going about one second on the way down. Now we're doing as about two maybe up to three seconds on the negative on the eccentric. So that we can be able to really get more time and attention. And that's why his muscles are now starting to shake and they're starting to fire more because he's just getting more time and attention. Which is really good because that's going to equal more muscle growth. So you're going to get bigger. Bigger. And have more dense fibers. Which you want to do is those fibers are going to look dense because you have more time and attention. And then you're going to have just that quality of that muscle because you're starting to get where we call that old man muscle. That muscle matured. And so, and the good thing about your physique is you've always had a really good greenness. But now you can be able to have that combined that way. You're new muscle that you're putting it back on. So you're going to be able to have a better look, especially if you decide to get back on stage. Right. You don't need to breathe, doctor. That's not all your breath. Breathe or breathe. Excellent. How's it going? Good. It's going to be nice. It's going to be nice. It's going to be nice. Push good. Squeeze good control. Good. Good. If you let attention all the way back, yeah. That's what you did. Especially on a plate loaded machine. Yeah. Good. Go. Good. Go inside. Good. There you go. Push. Push. Push. Push. Push. Push. Push. Push. Good. Good. Push it well. Good. Keep him moving. Keep him move. Good. Good. Let's try it. Go inside. Sure. Go inside. This one. Good. Good. Control. Control. Your little sore bike slow, just slow. I got a bit of a child Abgeordn melhor. That's right there. It's not the area that's very very top of the walk in your knee out. It's that area about 20% further down that you want to kind of release the tension. Slow that area especially on that right right because you almost want to just be able to say, okay, I get the wrap and I'm letting go. Keep that tension and be able to go all the way down the descent right? Especially in that midpoint. Up. Good. That's a little bit. There you go. Good slow. Good. Good. Good. Squeeze, squeeze. Good. Good. Good job. Good job. Uh-huh. Good. How's it feel? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good. See as you try slow down the tension, just want to be good. Good. Good. Good. Good. To be poor tight. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Let's hit. Go up. Up. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. Good. Good. Slow. Good job. Good job. Good. Good. And a one more play. I don't think so. Okay. I'm good there for a minute. So it's put out a cellied cellus equipment too. No. Good. Good. Good job. It's actually what was cool. I went out and I bought everything. Okay. And what I did was I said, hey man, I'm buying so much stuff. I need some extra stuff. And then they're like, hey, we'll work out a deal with you to pay on how many pieces you buy. But then what happened was then when I said, hey, look, by the way, I think that we should make some changes on some pieces like the arm to alarm I wanted an attachment make. So it was all fixed. And they're like, okay, that's a great idea. So they started making attachments. And then I was like, okay, so that I could came in like a bit of a bit of a advisory role. And then now I'm going over and helping designing some brand new stuff. I know. I was fucking with you, but it makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Yeah. So it's nice. I've never used a plate-loaded lady's tension. That was this nice. Yeah. You normally think, hey, you know what, I've used hammer strength and hammer strength. And hammer strength is great for certain things, but not usually on legs. No, I'm played loaded. So now you can be able to have the best of both worlds. Oh, yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job Seth, come on. Keep it rolling. Oh, good. Keep going. Going. Okay. On that right side we're going to go a little less. Go. Go. Keep going. Go. Keep going. Go in. Not partially. Go. Five. Four. Three. Two. One more. One more. Two. One more. Hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. Good job. Three. Two. Good job. Oh. There we go. Okay. Can't catch your breath. Good. Now get your feet still higher. There you go. Good. Okay. And then on the next step we'll adjust that to get a little thicker. Good. Good. Good. Make sure you feel a little less with joining more on the muscle. Yeah. Good. Excuse me. Good. Good. Pretty good. Yeah. So in order to get a little deeper, you can just take it. Just that and then you can go to the control. So here's a tip for you guys. The reason why I don't like high stiff is because especially on leg day is because it's going to be really hard for your body to recover between the sets. If you're so stemmed up on very high amounts of caffeine that you can't get your heart rate down to be able to handle the next set. So if you're constantly feeling just taxed because you're doing so much caffeine, that is not a good thing. Especially when you're doing exercises like squads, pendulum squads, leg press. Because you're already going to have a high heart rate. So you want to be able to recover between sets so you're not gasped. In terms of your cardiovascular shape versus muscle going to failure. So that's why you want to keep it moderate stem or today. I mean you've been a guy that's been non-stemmed from a long time. Big nose stem guy, but no, it's just because of this from years and years ago. And that's why having like, I know we both own supplement companies. But it's like that's why so many different pre-workouts are made. So it's like, hey, on these days I take these days, I take these days. On these days I stack the two half of dose, half of dose. So that way it's, I don't know, it's more fun that way from a meat head standpoint and having your, your plethora of pre-workouts in your gym bag, but also from, from like an efficient, an efficacy standpoint in the gym. No stems on leg day. No stems on back day. Exactly. A little bit of stem on chest day. Arm day, you don't really need them, but they're fun. You're like, you're sitting before your heart is still. Now right now, cup of coffee in the morning and that's it. That way, you know, years ago we did it that way and you drove it into my head. So that way whenever you go from an offseason into a prep, everything has that much more of an effect on you. So that way whenever you're like, oh, it's time to take stimulants in your body. Mark, yeah. It's right. And start to run in a million miles an hour with it rather than offseason whenever you're house in 4,000, 5,000 calories a day and also having a thousand makes a stem. It stems a day. I'm going to do that. That's right. So that's exactly it. So the short version of that is just fact that when you are going to go into prep mode, then the stems actually work. So instead of just being so dumb down because you've been using so much of it in the offseason. So again, these are things that I use with his program 15 years ago that he's still using to this day. So it's awesome because you're still getting a lot out of that. Yeah, I still work. It's too simple. You know, I mean, especially like you always said, don't know, it's good to be detailed. But don't ever complicate it too far and sometimes we need to, like you said, we need that help to pull us back. But don't ever complicate it. As long as you're working hard and I mean covering your basis. Yeah, and having someone like you push you on a fucking lagging session. There's awesome. That's a little bit of a come down, a little hand and drive. Control. Good. Come on, Sad. Good. Good. Come on. Good job, Sad. Come on, brother. Up. Good. Come on. Come on, Sad. Good job. Keep it moving. Keep it moving. Good. Come on, Sad. Drive. Action. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. And drive. Come on. You got two more. Go, Sad. Go, Sad. Up. Good. Control it. One more. Just like that. Control. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Welcome back. Yeah. Your top set. We're going to do two working now. So this is the second working that's about to happen. And this is kind of where I would expect you to be when you go back home. So there's two things. Number one, that time and attention. I can tell you're going to fast back home. Yeah. Because that's why you're shaking so much. It's just that now you're putting more time into the tension on that muscle. Your shit's like, oh my god, here we go. It was like the space shuttle trying to take off. Sure. So when you slow that down, you can see the quality different. Yeah. So that means having the second thing is making sure that you are going for your motion. If you're doing a great job with that. So that has not something to be any change. Just continue it as you end up being stronger. Yeah. So what you're going to do is you're going to start wanting to load up. Just make sure you don't overload with a weight versus time of the tension. I think that's something that, to be honest, is one of the reasons that I probably haven't been. Keeping as much time under tension from like a slow in myself down. Because the weight might have been too light. Okay. Here he means a little too easy to move. Got it. And therefore just kind of going through the motions. Got it. Because legs have always been like a better body part for me. And just starting to train them like a bodybooter again. I'm getting a little bit of results from it. Whenever I could be benefiting more if I slowed it down a bit. Add a little more weight to it and fold more rather than just be like, Oh, I'm good with two plates. And I can get a good 12 to 15 reps. There. Definitely handle a little bit more. Yeah, a little bit more. Yeah. Okay. Last hit on this one. Second one. Second one. Second one. Good. Good. Good. Good. Set those feet. Set those feet. Don't let those ankles right in. So you're going to want to come in a little bit. Keep everything in line. You hit your knees and your toes. Boom. Drive. Good. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on, sack. Let's go, buddy. Up. Good. You got two. You got two. Let's go. Let's go. Up. One more, bud. One more, brother. Drive it out. Drive it out. Good job. Good job. Good. Good. Good. There you go. So he just has like auto release. So right now. There you go. All right. So. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Just two more. And this is what I'm talking about with the warm. Just get the range of motion. And drop. I'm going to grab the handle. There we go. Take it. Go on. Go. See you. All right. So here's another tip for you guys. If the weight really feels light and you're in the middle of a training program where you're really trying to work on your strength, do not overdo the reps on the lighter weight to try to make them into working sets. Stop. Rest. Add more weight and make sure you continue to go to failure on the heavier weight. Don't just for the sake of just burning out. Get fatite. If you do that, you're not going to be able to get the ultimate prize which is trying to put on your muscle. Add more weight after you rest and be able to get that same zone that you're looking to get into that A to 12 reps at range. Perfect. But don't sit there and just think you can just do an extra four or five reps. It's going to make up the difference. Especially when you're really feeling strong and you really want to be able to put on the size. So great point. If someone was to do that, say they're on there. They're doing three working sets and they're on their second working set and you say that, do you count that number two? No. Nope. Don't stop. Rest. Add the weight. That's number two now. That's right. Good. Good. Good. Excellent. You're in a 12. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Going. Right out. Good. Three. Three. One. Control slower slower slower. And try. Good. Slow. Slow. Slow. And drive. One more. Go. Go set. Control control. And drive. Go. Good. Cool. Cool. There you go. All right. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good. There you go. Push that leg. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. I can told you when last time I saw you in Pittsburgh when I was at your place, you're I'm like you're going to grow so much once you get your food up. And the minute you turn that up, you can see the differences. That's really what it's been. It's also just trying to, you know, you want to push food, but only so much. Right. Can I shove more food in my mouth? Yeah. That's not always like, if that's way to go about it. No. No. Because I've kept things really clean. I've had to add in high calorie meals. Yes. A little bit of shit on Thanksgiving because I'm like, I don't like to because I don't like my stomach to get upset and get bubble guts. I was like, let's see if it works. It did. But then I didn't like the way I felt. Yeah. I didn't like how long it took for my stomach to adjust. Yes. I was like, it's no more than that. Right. So just the high calorie meals. Right. Just red meat. Like homemade burgers. Yeah. Things like that. Rather than just going and getting a burger somewhere, I'd rather have control the meat. And call it better for digestion just because I know getting older. Stomach and legs, do the control your stomach and make sure your legs still got the pop and everything else you come. It's really important that you know the things that you can get full on. Right. So if you end up going really heavy dairy-based foods on a cheat, you're not only going to pay the price in regards to the bloating and how you're going to feel, but you're going to end up causing yourself a lot of harm in your digestive tract for a day or two later. It's almost like going out and drink. When you go out and drink, you end up having a hangover. But then you also are dehydrated and your performance goes down for the next day or two. And food acts the same way, especially the older you get. So the fuel is the key. You can't put bad gas in a race car. I'm going. Yeah. Let's go vertical. I'm going back over. I'm just making our laps. You're looking our laps in. Let's put the vertical rolling here. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job, Sam. Good. Drive. Excellent. Two more, two more. Good job. That's it. Bring it down. Oh. Oh, it smokes. Come on. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again. Again. Three. Two more. Drive. Good job. Good. One more. Good job. Good. One more. Good job. Good. One more. Set with that one. Oh. You got to rethink any new things. Yeah. Part of this is going back and being a little bit nostalgic of what you did in the past. Part of this is like, why the fuck am I doing this? It's a little bit of a lovey. It is for sure. It's like, he's going to love it when it's over. But he's going to second guess himself a little bit during the reps and the sets and saying, Should I forgot how fucked up this was back in the day? Oh, there's nothing like it though. Yeah. This is where this will make you feel alive. Yeah. It will. There's nothing like it. Good job. Good job. All right. I keep going. Come on, staff. Last set on. Come on. Keep it going. Keep it moving. Keep it moving. Good. Keep it moving. Just like that. Keep it moving. Go breathing. Go breathing. Go breathing. Nothing. Nothing. It's much way before. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Go. Go. You got five. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Come on. Two. Come on. One more. Again. Go. Go. Go. That's it. Down. Good job. Good. Easy. Good time. Good time. Good time. So how was it? We had fun today. We had fun. It was, uh, we didn't do like a real intro to this. And I was going to be like, oh, so here we come. I haven't seen you or trained with you and how many, how many years. And it's like, what are we going to do today? We're going to do this. But the cool thing was like this, while I would play round up at gym, the lady equipment actually was would tick with my fancy the most. And I got, well, can I have been letting know that I don't train like a pussy, but I train like a pussy. I go back into it. I would say, I would say, go back on more. Make me look off in this back off. You don't train like a pussy. But you do train like what they would say a little bit of a skinny bitch. Okay, okay, that makes me feel better. That makes me feel better. Yeah, that makes me feel better. Yeah, that makes me feel better. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, but I mean, obviously, you put in it all together. I think, uh, we're talking a lot about, we spoke for like two and a half hour. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But now I consider meditating about a thing you know, for your body to grow. A not push it. And then be able to assess, and then grow, assess, without putting a timeline or time frame on anything specific, but still looking to see how far you can take your body, and supposed to be fun. not just completing an exercise, not just completing a repetition, but also feeling it and making sure that you're optimizing that repetition. It's not the same. And getting into this and just starting out with leg extensions, I'm like something as simple as leg extensions. You can do it, you know, you're doing them, but you might only be getting 75% out of it of what you should be getting out of it. So, again, going in there, being able to really toss it up in terms of like, he did a great job with the workout. I just feel like it's going to be really that much better. That makes me more excited because I know there's been a lot of people in the past 30 years that I've worked with. And again, 15 years ago, you know, you're 25 years old when you turn pro at the Nationals and now we're a week away from the Nationals here in Dallas. And the cool thing about it is that your body is changing very, very quickly and I cannot wait to sit down and talk about what the plan is. So, you ready? All right, guys. So, you're not miss the podcast. Again, honey ran by for Rosie Shredded, Seth For Rosie. Let's do this.

=== FILE: THANK YOU!  EP. 117 [COE7vcJoNYM].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, Holly Rambad, and I'm here with my lovely wife, fairness, telecoly. Hi, are you? I'm good. I'm good. It's been a crazy last couple of weeks. We had the Olympia, and now we have let the dust set a little bit. Get ready to go to Dubai or the Dubai muscle. I'm definitely looking forward to. Unfortunately, you guys can't go because it's not during Thanksgiving. I think the last year was our break for Thanksgiving, but this year came as school. So I'll be here. You'll be there. And then I'll be coming back and then we have just a little bit left in the year. And I think that we were going to originally do a podcast about the Olympia in everything. We're still, we still are. I mean, we have Sid and Seabumb, who have retired this year. And Sid, amazing, congratulations to her and her coach, eight-time Olympia winning figure competitor. Sid is just absolutely done an amazing job. She's going to leave a very big void in figure. Absolutely. I mean, she's now the standard. And she's had an amazing career. And she's just a lovely person to boo. And I'm very excited to see why she's going to do in the future. You know? Yeah, well, I think she wants to do more influencing. She said, we got her to be able to add in a lot more of herself and show a lot more of her personal emotions instead of it just being so, you know, a permanent proper. And I feel like it was really good because she's been able to connect even to a wider audience. And then we have the go six-time Olympia winner, Chris Bonstead. He originally was talking about retiring last year. Yes, I remember in the room he told us he was going to retire. Yeah, and he was going to be done. And then obviously things had changed because it prompted him to understand why. And then he said, you know, what? It's not the right time. And then he said, let's talk. It was a fairy tale ending. Absolutely. When he went up on stage and you want to, you know, one that show, but then ended up right there. Yeah, there was no dry eyes in the room. I think everyone was crying. And his speech was phenomenal. And he's had such a great career and such a class act, you know, so. Yeah, and now he's going to be able to focus on his family. And when we were getting ready for the show as we got closer, one of the things that I do want to share with the audience is I had talked about me possibly bowing out at the end of this prep and finishing up this year. And you and I talked about it. And for those of you that are asking why I'm going to be 15 January. I've been doing this my whole into higher adult life. And I started Eveigen 17 years ago. And obviously the FSC7 app and then also working very diligently this last year on my coaching platform that's basically the truth. It's called the truth. I mentioned it for the first time actually when Jay Cutler's podcast. So by the time you listen to this, you probably, or if you haven't listened to it, it was like a two and a half hour podcast with Jay and manager Matt. And it's something that I wanted to do to be able to give back to the community and be able to continue to push content. But I wanted to also create a platform where I create accessibility because I only work with three people a year and I've spent like this for many, many years as you know. And so I really felt like I'm maxed out. And I have so many different things going around the world. You know, Eveigen being now in 75 countries, formulating here, putting things together on the marketing, putting it on the content, taking care of the athletes as a sponsor, but also as a coach. And then doing all of these things, I feel like it's just become overwhelming. And the biggest thing that it's taken away from my life is time with you and time with Cameron. And seeing Cameron get so excited when I get involved now with flag football and with all of the things that he does and he loves to do. I just felt like when he really looked at it, he's 11 years old. You know, we got to see him backstage with Jay M and and Freddie and all of the guy's backstage, Mr. Jim Manion, Dan Solomon, Tyler, you know, he's got pictures with all of them and he was doing interviews backstage and he's growing up so fast and I literally am thinking myself where has the time gone? Where has the time gone? And all I did was all these years keep piling on more and more things. And I never really, as they say, trim the hedges to be able to grow within reason. And you know, between my family and myself, you know, I not been able to get my work out soon because of stress because of time because of all the things that I do. And as anybody knows, trying to run a company, trying to manage departments while coaching, while doing all of these things, while creating other companies, other divisions, we also have a store that we were managed remotely. And we also have many, many other endeavors that we've been working on. And I just sit down and I struggle to say, how am I going to continue to do this? Because all it does as it takes away and Cameron's got maybe four or five years left where he wants to hang out with his dad? Yep, or his mom. Where is mom? Because they want to eventually become teenagers and they're going to want to be with their friends. And anybody who's got his apparent out there that knows that. And so that's why I've been considering taking leave from this. Again, we were talking about like, how permanent is this? Don't know. I just know that right now, it's just become so overwhelming with everything else that I'm doing and launching the new truth system and doing that and hiring people for that and that whole division that I'm working on and which is just like starting another e-vision. Correct. It's another company. It's a whole new company and being able to do that and making myself accessible, the stress of what all has come to had for me. Yeah, I mean, you've done it for so long. Like you said, you're a whole adult life. And I think a lot of people don't really understand how time consuming it is, how much you put in each athlete. Yes, there's only three, but the time that you spend in my is will be a hundred. And it does take attention away from other things that takes attention, obviously away from your family, takes attention away from yourself and what you got to do takes attention away from, even if it takes attention away from other things that you're working on and being accessible to so many other people with the platform that you've created. So exciting. I can't wait for people to actually see that and be a part of it. I think you have amazing things in store for you. And I know that, you know, it's a huge decision we've been talking about for a while. You're kind of, you know, you are turning 50s or turning point for sure. Yeah. And it's one of those things where we always say in this industry, for you to survive, you got to be able to put on the oxygen mask yourself first. Correct. Before you be able to help everybody and I've been breathing oxygen from a straw for a long time. Yep. And taking care of my personal health is also something that has gone a little bit without attention. Yes. And, you know, not eating, then eating, you know, one large meal a day. Everything you're not supposed to do. Yeah, not sleeping. That's right. And now sleep is the biggest thing because my sleep has been just for those that are listening. I've probably average how many hours of sleep to I sleep. I've ate three, four. Yeah. And it's probably the absolute one of the worst things you can do. Your body doesn't reset at all. And sleeping three or four hours and night on average for the last 20 years has done a number on me. It's not good for my health. It's not good for my blood work. It's not good for any of those things. And we've been talking about it, like I said, for a while. And I have been saying, you know, once this show is over, it's time for me to evolve. Yeah. And be able to do these because I can't keep doing all the other things that I was doing, while I'm going to be launching this other platform. Absolutely. And this coaching platform for means a lot to me because it gives more attention than to so many more people and bringing in coaches that are going to be working with me and then being able to share the knowledge and being able to continue to do what I'm doing, even at a higher level, because I'm not going to have the stress of these preps. Absolutely. I mean, when you are prepping for the Olympia, literally everything else shuts down. I've been with you now for 17 years and been to 17 Olympias. And everything else while you're prepping these guys gets put on the back burner. So I completely understand, you know, where you want to evolve and where you want to direct your attention now is something greater, something bigger. You know, I mean, you've achieved so much. You have 25 Olympia titles. You know, so it's been amazing to watch that and what you've done in this industry and now your accessibility with coaching coaches and coaching different people. You get asked on a daily basis, I'm with you. I know how many people want to work with you. How many DMs you get? And this is so exciting that this platform is going to be available to the masses. Yeah. And there's going to be a lot more information regarding it. But what it is is it's just the fact that number one, I just know that I have to stop doing everything. Correct. And I have been working again on borrowed time. And I feel like I've definitely suffered a lot. And I felt like my family has. And I've been coaching Cameron and his team. This last couple of months. By the way, he just so excited. He literally after Saturday's game. He scored three touchdowns. They won their game. He was super stoked. And he had daddy on the sidelines coaching him along with another coach and another one of the dads. And he asked you and he said, Dad, can you continue to coach me next season too? You know, he's so excited because you haven't been able to do this stuff for him. You know? And now he's at an age where he remembers and he really wants his dad around because he's a boy and you're his idol. You know? So yeah, it's really cool. You know, it's a hard decision. We've been talking about it for a long time. Honestly, this year was one of the first years where I as your wife and hearing you and you've, you know, turned down a lot of other things, not just, you know, this decision, but turned down a lot of other things because you were putting your family first. You were trying to put your health first. And it was the first time I turned around and told you, I, you know, I'm happy that you're doing that because it's as your wife, there's nothing more that I want than you putting a yourself first and be, you know, us first, especially Cameron. Well, obviously, like I said, I've been doing this when I hold a adult life. Yep. Yeah. Our super proud of you. Thank you. I love helping people get to their goals. I love people getting to their dream of trying to be the best in the world that what they do. And it's something I'm very, very proud of. But like I said, when it gets to the point where it's affecting my family, it's just going too much. And I think that, I'm not going to stop training people. So coming into the gym and doing all of those things, built this beautiful gym here. And, you know, doing even more with some of the people that I'm working with with Penauda and all the others partners that I have that, you know, going out there and doing these events, I think it's just when people really think about it, it's the stress of these preps of these high-level preps. It's what it is to try to continuously try to be the best in the world. It's one of those things where if you're trying to do what I do, there's a reason why I only have a handful of people I do it with because it's not something I can be able to scale. No. It's a formula that I literally take on the burden of their emotional feeling and their emotional energy and it's very, very difficult to not do that into separate. And so for me, you know, talk a lot about it with Seabon, as he was winding down for the prep. It's just, he's very articulate and he's such a great job of being able to put emotions into words. And I feel like it's just not closing a door but opening another. Absolutely. And several others. And again, moving here has been such a blessing. And I feel like everything has happened for a reason. And I feel like this is just something where I can be able to give back to the bodybuilding community even more. Yeah, at a larger scale. In a larger scale with information, there's a lot of other things that we're going to be announcing. We're going to be doing and just trying to, you know, have fun again. Yeah, have fun. Again. Definitely. Yeah. So at the end, I just want to say thank you to everyone. How to great, great run. I've been talking about this often on for many years. Even when I was coaching Phil back in the day of when I'm going to stop. And I had a great, great career. And I'm so thankful to everyone out there who supported me, the athletes, the company, the bodybuilding industry. And I can't wait to do more. And be able to feel like there's going to be an absolute anchor off of my back, you know, that that weight that's been lifted so that I can be able to really focus because there's always the next show, the next show, the next show. And now I feel like I can take a deeper path and feel like there's so much more to go. Absolutely. So again, I want to thank Jim Manion, Tyler Manion, the whole Manion family, Debbie. You don't want to talk about Debbie's instrumental in talking about this, actually, and especially with creating my larger platform. Yeah, she's an awesome person. Yeah, she's an fishing unit. Yeah. Your number one supporter. Yeah, J.M. Just everybody up in Pittsburgh has been amazing. And I feel like if it wasn't for them, it wouldn't be around here doing this. And for anybody that I've been able to help, I hope I've been able to help with any information you've been listening to, whether it's the podcast, whether it's my YouTube, whether it's any of the platforms that I've been investing in, I'm looking forward to doing more. Absolutely. And so I just want to say thank you and thank you to all the athletes that I've been able to work with. So there's been so many of them. So great, great memories with Phil and Jay and just, you know, even Jeremy, as much as that, you know, there was a lot of really, really good times with all of the athletes. And, um, you know, it's been, it's been fantastic ride. Yeah. But now it's time to be evolved and take it to the next level. Yep, and continue to grow. Yep. And at the same time, if you got good tips on how to be a good flag football coach, I mean, no, because I will be coaching with to be my son's flag football team. And if you are interested in and working with my coaches, then I'm going to be coaching and here and our urban facility that you can go to hauntyrambud.com. Again, I don't even know how long I'm going to do that. But for the time being, this is something I've been working on. So I am going to go ahead and focus on that for the time being. But I just want to say thank you all for all of the support and I love you. Thank you. Thank you, my love, Ruby and there. Alright, and we got next time we got to bring Cameron on here. He did a pretty good job. If you haven't seen his interviews backstage with Steve Baum and some of the others, you go check out the NPC YouTube page, the NPC News Online. But again, honey Rambud, fairness tabakwoli, that's the truth.

=== FILE: THE PODCAST YOU HAVE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR  4X OLYMPIA CHAMP FT. JEREMY BUENDIA  EP. 120 [9FKVCEZ7TqQ].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I have a guest today that many, many people thought would never be a part of this podcast, but they've all requested. So for many, many years, I'm going to allow him to introduce himself. So, special guest. It's going to be guys, Jim Rebwende, four time, Minster's, EcoLimpy, a champion, former, Eve at your naith, and somebody that's looked up in a very appreciative, to honor and bought for all these years, and we have a lot to talk about, a lot to catch up on, and excited to be here. I didn't think I was going to be like you said. So, yeah, the story actually goes that we ran into each other last night at the Nationals. We were in Lobby, and somebody comes over, grabbed me with the shoulder, gives me a hug, and I was like who is this? And then I was like oh, it's Jeremy. And obviously we hadn't spoken for many years, many years, up until you get ready for the 2023 Olympia. And then when everything happened, because a lot of people don't know what happened. And I know that this podcast a lot of people want to know what happened. And I think this is part podcast, part therapy. I think for me, at least, but I don't know how you feel about it. So, we're kind of just putting it out there that we didn't actually talk at all before this about what we're going to talk about. But I did feel like when we spoke yesterday, Ariel Kets was there, you know, again, Barry guy, guy that we both know really well. Yeah, know very, very well. And we were just talking about, you know, Mike Routine was there from Golds. We also coaches. And one of the things that we were just kind of like shooting the shit. But it was a very chill conversation. You know, obviously I can feel your energies in a different place, my energies in a different place. So there wasn't after five, six years of us not working together. And both on the evegen side as well as on the coaching side, there was a lot of shit that has happened. But it's in a way where a lot of water into the bridge in my opinion, because I just people were like, you know, when are you going to talk to Jeremy again? What's going to happen? I said, it's just when it's time, it's time. And it was one of those things where in 2019, 1819, there was those are some hard years because in 18, you lost. And that was just as hard for me as it was for you. And I think that that's where it all started. But we can talk about so many, many things. But I guess in the beginning, just so that the people who don't know you that are kind of newer or don't know the backstory. Jeremy and I met through the fact that he was from Northern California. And I think you were like 21 or 22. 22 is your soul. And you were literally one of the first guys that were starting to come off the block in meant to Z. Because it just started. And I believe you were even doing bodybuilding as a teenager. You commented in my first NBC show. Right. Right. And I was there at the counter cost of ironed up being the MC for John Lindsay. He asked me to do that. So from time to time, I would do it. Not very many shows, but few and far and between. And you came up to me and said, dude, you actually were the MC of the show Europe on the podium when I competed. And I think you showed me a video too. And you're competing as a teenager in bodybuilding. And I believe you were going, was that the one you want to get to blossom wood? Yeah. And it was like you want to get to blossom wood. And I believe you won the overall, right? Yeah. Yeah. And you won the overall touch show. But again, I didn't know you then. I was just, but when we fast forward, okay, like maybe two or three years. And you were doing meant to Z. And then Z. He could just start it up. And you had gotten, I think, your pro card. Right after we talked myself, you nick, right? About you were like, it's right. Right after my pro card because it's right before I pro debut. You're pro debut. That's what it was. Okay. Yeah, I'm sorry. I've been taking e-vegin products because they got brought into one of our local supplements stores up there. I remember trying to sell them for the first time. The EVP, the old first of addition grape that tastes like, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but it weren't additional. Yeah. Yeah. And I remember I told you that I took the products. And I lived in Northern California. And you know, it was only an hour and a half drive to the office in e-vegin, San Jose. And you know, we connected there. And yeah. And that's when we gave you a extra load shirt because I came in wearing a suns out, guns out, orange tank top. And if the e-vegin office and then you gave me a triple XL, Steve Cookello shirt. And I was so excited to put that shirt on and hang down to my knees, but I was so pumped to be part of the e-vegin team. It was crazy because I remember I was sucking a neck and then he goes, this is a new division. And you know, we could always use somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wonder what this is going to happen with this division. And yeah, that's local. And when your name popped up that you were interested, I said, well, again, being me, I was like, well, as you take the products before, they're like, yeah, he's taken the products before. And I can't remember who it was. There was a, there was somebody that we were talking to about you that had kind of connected us. And I can't remember who it was either. No, that's somebody though. Yeah, it was somebody. Somebody that I knew that knew you and was like vouching for you. Yeah, that's going to bother me that I'm recap recall that was right. It wasn't Omar was it. You hear me? Wasn't. Yeah, it wasn't Omar was it? I don't know. I don't know if it was Omar. It was somebody. But there's somebody there. And then we got to connection and then you came to the office and again, the office back then kind of what year was that 2013 2013 the office there was May or June, no, June 2013. It was in it's a original spot, which we had one roll up door. It was maybe, I don't know, two, three thousand square feet. If that. Yeah, it was it was small. To see where it is now, man, I walk into this place and I'm just like, yeah, that little hole in the wall office that started out, you know, 2013 that very first expo the Santa's a FedEx boat. Yeah. 10 by 10 booth, one table. You know, and then to see what is what is blowing up to. It's incredible. Yeah, it's been it's been quite a ride and I feel like a lot of it has to do with the fact that we were also able to finally grow by leaving the Bay Area and Silicon Valley, which is all tech, being able to do the things I know we could do with stretcher of legs, because I'd always complain about it, but it was really hard to be able to to make a change and want to move, but obviously as everybody knows during the pandemic, it was when we decided to move the company and move the family. But when we met and you got the supplements and you told me, like, no, I already take this, that was my number one concern. And then I said, okay, we'll see what happens. Got you literally from Cuclos toach, because Steve Cuclos was one of my first athletes. And, you know, I think the smallest size we had was XRWWX. I think it was a medium back I barely barely. Would you weigh 155 maybe? Yeah, so 155. And I think it was an XL that it was literally down to your knees. And it wasn't the tapered XL. It was like a rock shirt and the crazy thing about it was that it was like, okay, we'll see what happens with this division, right? It was just supplements, right? I don't think we paid you anything. I think it was just a little, you gave me, like, I think it was 250, is my first contract. Was that what it was? Yeah. Wow. We were generous. I like it literally had no idea what was going on with that division. And you were going to get ready for your protea, but you I believe. That was a greater Gulf states. Right, Nezol Luziana. Yep. And then signs you. You were already taking the region. You were already following a lot of the FSC 7 stuff too, because I think you were following a lot of that because it was so popular, right, you know, around that 2010, 2010, 2011, all those years. And then you're convinced me. And again, you're a very, very, like, passionate. Very passionate. And because everybody was worried that anybody that was going to be in this division, wasn't going to be fully that bodybuilding, hardcore mentality. It was going to be more of that junior varsity mentality. Because nobody knew nobody knew what it was going to turn into. Because it was brand-spanking new. And one thing I realized about you was that you were a bodybuilder that became immense, physique competitor. And that was something that was really, I think, part of your success. Because you trained legs, you trained just like, you know, a bunch of times you trained with Phil. You know, when I was coaching Phil back in the day and you'd come in and you trained with us. And you were amp to do it. You weren't like, kind of like, okay, this is all I do because I'm meant to see. And I don't have to do legs because I'm wearing board shorts or I don't like to flex when we do flex sets, right? You were eating it all up. I love it. Yeah. And you would one in the story goes, you won that show, qualifier for you, Olympia. And then you did the Olympia. And I don't know, did you work with anybody with that first Olympia? Yeah, kind of. You were just like kind of like had some help here in there, right? Yeah. Yeah. And but one of the things that I remember was that you said, could you help me? And I said, look, I don't know anything about that division. I'd have to see what it even looks like. I even been to a show. So the first show I saw was when you took second to Mark Anthony at the Olympia. And I was like, wow, this is kind of what this men's physique's all about. And then I said, what are the strengths and weaknesses for all these athletes? And obviously with you with your joints, that was kind of one of the things that I was like very impressed with. But I'm like, wow, he's kind of small. I mean, I think you're first Olympia, you're 152 pounds? Yeah. About, maybe a little bit. Okay. Yeah. And so, you know, you're in the mid 150s, let's call it. And then we ended up going back and forth. And you could say, look, I proven myself. But I know with your help, you can kind of go up. You know, we can kind of move up. But I wanted it. I wanted to win. Big time. Big time. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you could see, you could see. But I think that, you know, also understanding your personality. And you know me, especially with all the years that I coached you. In the beginning, it was like trying to figure out the formula. Right. And when I say formula, like how do I work through with somebody and be able to make sure that I can keep them even keel, keep their stress level down, focus on being able to see your what's a funny. I made you job really hard. But I think as now it's your older, because you're held now 34. 34. We started when you were 22. And and I think that you mentioned something last night, and I didn't really realize it until you really put it out there. You were young 22. It wasn't, you know, there's some people that are 22. And then there's younger 22. And I think that that younger 22 comment you may yesterday puts things in perspective, because I felt like, what did you mean by that? Just by my mind said, my internal age, the way my thought process is worn, the way I interpreted people, the way I communicated with people, maybe the way I saw myself. I stepped into royalty when I saw them, you guys, you know, as at the table with you, Jay and Phil. You know, it was, I had a lot to prove. I knew I had a lot of room to try and catch up. And being that young and sitting at a table though, he got made my head pretty big. I think that was one of the biggest things was getting a little too far ahead of myself. And, you know, that same mentality, though, also pushed me to achieve what we achieved together. You know, I had a lot of drive. I had a lot of aspirations to try to get on the level that you guys are at. I pushed myself really hard to get there. But yeah, man, I just wasn't mature enough to handle the success, the fame, the money, all of those things. And, you know, even up until we separated, I still feel like my mindset was still young, even at 27 years old, when things started to fall apart. Right. You know, and then we'll kind of jump in and have a lot of years to cover between now, between the beginning and the end. But, you know, it wasn't up until a few years ago where I really started to understand why everything happened the way it happened. Really kind of being able to pick myself apart and look back and see where I went wrong and how and why people looked at me the way they looked at me. You know, I was so busy pointing fingers at everybody else for so many years that I didn't take a look in the mirror until a certain point where I was left with pretty much nothing and no one, you know, including my family. And you know how rough that was for me towards the end, you know, I didn't, didn't have anybody. People that were around me, it weren't even for me. They were trying to take for me. And you tried to protect me as much as you could by just wasn't listening to anybody. I thought I had it all figured out. Yeah. And, you know, I was talking to Mike about this is I had to go through everything I went through to be the man I am today to be sitting here with you right now. I had to go through all those struggles and it sucked. It really did. I wish things maybe, wish I didn't do the things that I did with the same time. Like I'm grateful I went through all those hard times and I'm grateful I made those mistakes. So I could learn from those. Especially now that I have kids, you know, I'm going to have my daughters going to be four, my sons tend to make so old and, you know, I went through a lot of hard lessons that hopefully they won't have to go through the person because I'll be able to guide them and stop them for making those poor decisions or saying the wrong thing or doing the wrong thing. And, you know, it's made me a man from learning from my mistakes. And of course, I wish I didn't make them but part of life, you know, hard lessons have to be learned sometimes and I've always been one last to figure it out for myself. When you put that kind of pressure on yourself too, I mean, it doesn't matter who it is. You were just, where you're sitting right now, we could go with Seth Rosy and he went through something that was very, very high pressure and it happened to buckle, had a lot of home-life problems and I think that there's a takeaway here. It's how you deal with them, right? And I know that your childhood, there was a lot because you told me, you know, that they had it you on medication at a young age and now you've talked about this. So I'm not putting something out there that you haven't already spoken about in prayer or podcasts because that was the thing that I was always trying to do is I was always trying to keep your information confidential. And until you started talking about it, then people came and talked to me, then I'd acknowledge it. They were like, yeah, mental health, right? And was this something you were struggling with? The whole time when you're growing up? Yeah, I've dealt with a lot of mental health issues in dollars. Like four or five years old. It started out like OCD, it was obsessive components of disorder. I remember I had all my toy cars. They'd be lined up along the side of my room, insert an order, certain colors, my size. And if anybody messed with my cars, it moved it a little bit. I would know and I would freak out. I went through a phase where if my hair wasn't perfect, I would spend hours on my hair in the morning before I go to school because not one hair can be off. I went through a phase when I was in first grade where I had an obsession with washing my hands. I couldn't touch anything because things were dirty. I'd wash my hands at the point that my hands were raw. My fingernails fell off. And then that evolved into a school phobia. I had really tough time going to school and leaving my parents to the point where I would take off running from my classroom. I think it was an album and an expressway. Actually, it was one of those busy streets in San Jose. I remember my parents dropped me off that kindergarten. I busted out the door and chased their car down the road on one of those busy streets. And yeah, I ended up getting put on pros acquinals like six years old. I managed a cop, but it was stuff that I dealt with with. I was on an anti-depressive medication, I was a senior in high school and I graduated. I didn't want to have that stigma among medication. I started smoking weed and I thought that would help me out. It was just kind of evolved into one thing after another from OCDA to an anxiety disorder, into a panic anxiety disorder. We just kind of been trying to figure out what the issue has been. Getting out of right diagnosis, I've taken a lot of mental health tests to figure out if I'm a split personality disorder, borderline personality disorder, bipolar disorder. Actually, I mentioned it last night. I've never been diagnosed with bipolar disorder or purported eye personality disorder. We thought we thought I had all the symptoms and whatnot, but the doctors told me, they said, no, you're not that. You suffer from panic and anxiety depression. That's what they said I have. And that's back then or now. No, I'm still not. I'm on your transparent home medication. I've been on medication for about two years. I think that's helped a lot because I fell in a deep dark hole in 2020 and went everything fell apart for me. I lost everything. I lost all my sponsors. I got publicly humiliated. It was tough time. They're not like that. I got my wife pregnant. My fiance at the time and now my wife, she got pregnant. That was a scary time because I didn't have anything. When my daughter was born, I was down to like last $10,000 of my bank account with hardly any money coming in. It was really rough, really rough. I managed to pull together. I did. I did make a lot of changes in my life. Cleaned a lot of things up. I started digging deeper into my faith and trying to establish relationships with God and I really feel he pulled me out of the hole. I remember a specific time I was in micro-roach and things were just falling apart. Remember, it was a rainy day outside. I was looking out the trees are blowing and I was just like at the end. I didn't know what to do. I'm pretty much saw my knees and I brought bottom. I got to give it up to you. There's nothing else I can do. I've tried it on my own. It doesn't work. There's nothing in my, there's nothing working right now. I have nowhere else to turn. I turned to Christ. I'm still working on my faith and work on my walk with God every single day. Every night I pray for Him to draw me closer to Him so to straighten my path and fix the thoughts that go through my head and make sure that my actions are the way I want to represent being a follower of Christ. It's important. Every time I get close to God, He makes my life in every way. That's something that I feel I've better with is going in and out of my relationship with God. Getting close to Him and drifting away. Getting close to Him and drifting away. That's something I've been working on is not letting myself drift as far. Trying to stay as close as possible because there's a correlation of each point between my relationship with God and how my life is playing out. I've seen that unfold time and time again. When I'm close to Him, things are good. When I fall away from Him, things fall apart. There's no way of turning my back off that anymore. I know where my happiness movement comes from. It's the things that matter in life and I was thinking about last night. We were talking about, it's just seeing the image in where you're at right now and seeing the success that you've had through everything, not just financially but finances too. The money. I'm not where I could have been financially and have things played out differently. At the same time, I valued so much of the materialistic things. Money, cars, girls, everything, so much earlier on in my career that was important things like my family, my relationship with God and my relationships with my friends and people around me that that all fell apart. So it was my understanding now in the way I feel is no matter money or ever give you that fulfillment or the purpose that a relationship with God will give you. I'm very happy with my life right now. I'm doing a lot better for myself and a lot of people probably think I am and I'm very content. I have a beautiful family, I've got two amazing kids. Amazing wife. I live in a very nice home. I've got two nice cars. I don't drive a Lamborghini anymore. I don't want to drive a Lamborghini anymore. I don't want that attention. I don't want to put my value into those things. My life is so much different than a way it used to be. I was telling somebody to show that it's different for me coming back and being involved in the sport because it brings back a lot of feelings and when I walked away when I got kicked out pretty much of the sport in 2019 and people I felt whenever I walked around people were talking about when you have a finger at me or looking down on me there's just a lot of negative emotions that were tied to the bodybuilding industry and when I moved back to Northern California I dissonced myself from all of that. I got a very small group of friends. I've worked out of a small gym. My buddies aren't big Instagram and full-on tears. They're just great guys. It's just a completely different outlook that I have on life right now and I know that as long as I'm pursuing the things that God has for me, he's given me and my life the blessings he's given my life that he's going to take care of me and he's always has. There's never been a moment in my life that no matter how bad things have gotten, he's never let me out to drive. No matter how bad things have gotten. I've always had a roof over my head. Well, I've been over by my family. I was food on the table and he's blessed me and I had to lose everything in order for him to review the blessings that he has given me. I think that your journey has been a long... I don't know how to even break it down. There's been a lot of highs and lows. Life though, man. Yeah, it really is. And I think that obviously emotionally, I was a part of that because I'm so tied to my athletes. I'm so tied, you know, at that point to you and being able to like, remember your dad pulling me aside and saying because the first one, we won together and he said to me, he was, thank you for raising my child. And I go, what do you mean by that? And he said something along the lines of, he's like, I did it until he was in high school and you did it when he became a man. Because I don't remember if it was you or him that said something like, you know, I felt like he was going to either be locked up or he could be dead with the people he was running with. So that was a lot of pressure for me. But as I am, I'm a person who wants to take on it, you know, I parents love you. They still do this. They're really nice people. Your parents are very, very sweet. And I know that was very difficult and they would tell me that. They said Jeremy was a very difficult child. And it was one of those things that it was like, okay, we have the 15-year age difference. Not a little, but not super crazy huge difference, but it's the same time I sick. I'm a 16, I believe. I'm going to, you know, be 15 a couple weeks here. And you're 34. But again, because you were so young and when you became successful, the hard thing about it is that we're in a narcissistic sport. Narcissism runs rampant in it. And being able to try to keep someone motivated or they feel good because that's what you feed off of is the compliments and all that. But at the same time trying to keep you grounded was one of the hardest things I've ever done in my entire career because of your highs and lows. And I still, I mean, I'm always trying to understand what those highs and lows were and what was causing them because sometimes you drink and you would just go off the hinges. And I mean, we're talking for years, right? Is that working together and going around the world? And there were some painful moments. And again, being like I said, this is a podcast. This is for you and I haven't spoken really in five years. Right? And so since 2019, I think Iron Man is the last time we really spoke. Is that shortly after the LA Finx? Yeah. So that was in January, February? Yeah. So I guess this next couple of months would have been six years. Right? So it was almost six years. And it really affected me because I really felt like almost failed as a father figure to you, almost like Uncle Honey because as you know, I try to help every aspect of your life. And it's a lot of weight to bear. And I remember you guys like fill and everybody was like, dude, just you have to try to reap. Group your thoughts and your emotions. But I'm like, no, I got to try to help him. I got to try to help him. And when you're good, the next minute, not to, you had sometimes really bad. And I felt like with all of those things, I just, as painful as they were, I'd always sweep them out of the rug. And I feel like everything is coming full circle because now, since I announced my retirement from the coaching part, and I'm still training, you know, like said, helping people train doing a lot of those things, but not taking on those burdens. Because again, I didn't know how to differentiate those. I'm sure a lot of those coaches do. Just that wasn't something that it was all a cart for me. It was, the coaches aren't doing what you did for me and for the other athletes. You know, for our relationship, I feel the coaching was a very small part of it. You know, it was a much more personal relationship, you know, it was family. That's what you ordered me. So that's why it was so hard. And that's why I beat myself up for so many years for the way things ended between you and I because it was my fault. And it's suck, man. It's suck for a long time. I didn't forget myself for a long time. Yeah, I mean, that's hard. And I think that, you know, it was hard for me to forgive you for a long time because there was so much bitterness and venom that was spent during the time. And I think that after the 2019 thing, there was a lot of insecurity. And I think that this point of the entire journey has been highs and lows due to insecurity. Whether it's winning, I mean, we almost got to fist fight in Australia because you had saw what you had saw, Sidique was being driven around in a Lambo and you thought that he had gotten a Lambo and you've been Mr. Olympia now, you know, meant to seek Olympia winner, I should call it, for a year and we were going into Australia. But you were so triggered that I remember it was, you can like hold your rage back. And when you showed me the picture, I go, he's not driving. He's being driven in this car. It's not his car. But because of optics, and you know, Sidique was just trying to be cool. And he posted something. But at the time, just trying to calm you down. And it was like, I couldn't understand the rage. And I don't know if that came from insecurity. I don't know what that came from. But is that something that you feel like you've been able to kind of be able to kind of control at this point? And I still deal with certain days when I wake up, I don't feel myself. But I've been able to handle the outbursts a lot better, not raging on people. Been able to control a lot better and being able to catch myself a lot sooner when I start feeling those emotions. And I attribute out to my wife as well. My wife is a very understanding person. She's been somebody that's been able to help me become better by being understanding and not adding fuel to the fire when things get bad. And she's able to talk to me off the ledge. But also just the love that we have for each other and our family. I know I had to grow up and be better for them. You know, I'm not a kid anymore. I can't say all I'm going to fix things when I become an adult 34 now. And I think I did a lot that way. I was on my 20s. I used my ages of excuse. I'm just young, and stupid. I can't say that at 34 years old anymore. Yeah. Well, my also thing that I was always think about, especially now more than even back then, is is there a chemical imbalance that's occurring at a very, very high rate because of antibiotics, right? Because you hear now guys that are like, my kids were tell talks about how he's in her rage. And now when I hear him talk about that, and I'm going, wow, that was Jeremy. Jeremy got like, all he saw was red. See the thing is I saw red before I have a god in the body building. That's the thing is like, it's hard for me to blame the steroids on it. But I'm sure I didn't help sure that's for sure. I know there was one time every and some trend and you're like, you gotta get off that. Right. Now. And yeah. And I handle my last prop a lot better. You know, everybody can attest to that. That was around me. So I think I was like on an older, you know, I've been able to handle it a lot better. And, you know, yeah. Well, do you think that also when you look at and you contribute, not just the compounds, but when you sit there and talk about the emotional roller coaster, because you're also drinking, right? Was that something that also made it worse? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I wasn't like drinking during the weekends. I've had partying on the weekend. No, no. Was it like alcoholic or anything like that? Would drink on the weekends in party and, you know, I was doing party drugs and stuff like that too. And I would get that super high high from being messed up. And then the following days, I mean, he's crashed. Your door fins are dope. Me levels are crashed. And so, you know, and adding that on top of what I, my already chemical compounds that I have dealt with, you know, just, it was a recipe for disaster. And that's what happened time and time again with me. I don't drink like that anymore. I haven't been drunk and I don't know how long. I'll have a couple of drinks, but haven't been drunk probably in four or five years. Well, I think that that's probably a lot to do with being more stable than you were because again, you wouldn't drink all the time, but when you did drink, you would binge drink. Right? Like you're drinking it by stuff. Yeah. And you'd get violent. You'd like somebody would look at you wrong and they're like, I don't know if I'd do it out. Right? And so, I think that the whole thing is that when people ask me about how was it when we were working together, and I'm always going to say the same thing, I think you have an amazing heart. Because in its core, you really value people. You really care about people, but I felt like you weren't happy with yourself. And I feel like those things that these people that are listening to this are watching this podcast on YouTube can be able to understand and realize whether it's themselves or whether it's their loved ones, how abusive people can get because of that inner anger and how they have to be able to try to do whatever they can to try to create peace and try to be able to be more tranquil because there's a lot of pressure that creates anxiety that then can accumulate to high amounts of stress and you end up becoming that person you don't want to be. And some people are much more chill about it because they're naturally much more calm. But like you said, you're already naturally angry. You're naturally with all the things that we're going on in your childhood that weren't dealt with. And I feel that when people listen to this, you have to realize if you have of those types of traits, you should really understand that drinking recreational drugs, these compounds can make you into the devil. And I feel like those are things where when we did try to have those conversations, you obviously were just like shutting them down because you're like, it's not from that. And that's what made it really hard because we would travel all around the world together and there was days where we were just like amazing things are great. And then the next day something would trigger you. And then again, I don't know if you've taken something or you've done something or you drank the night before after we got done with the expo or something. And then it all was sudden the next day. It's like, oh shit, you know, Dr. Jackal must ride, right? And I think that a lot of people that asked me and I said, I don't think you realize because it was always roses and unicorns and rainbows on the outside. So when we used to shoot our YouTube videos and doing all this FSD7 stuff, we're doing ladders, we're doing this. It was always just the highlight reel. It was never about showing any of the, like a family, very similar to a family. And where everything looks really great and it's like the table is sat and everybody's getting along but they don't know behind the scenes. There's a lot of shit that was going on and how difficult that really was. And so with all those things being said, you know, I went through for really good Olympia wins. They were awesome. And I remember you got your tattoo. I think it was after what second or third. It was a second one. And I was like, what'd you do? And you're like, I got a Evee's in total. He likes on my neck. And I was like, that's a sticker, right? Like it's a good idea. It was a temporary tattoo. And you're like, no. And you know, and I mean to this day, it's like, I still like again, I don't have tattoos. It's my company. I don't have tattoos. But I'm also one of those people who change my mind about a lot of things. So I'm like, I don't want any permanent thing. Go after this. You can't imagine one of you want to. Well, now we got the new one. Get a new logo. But it's a new logo on there. With the, well, like he's out in the front desk, it's a, it's a more updated logo after 17 years. Well, it's a pleasure not to be 17 years here next month. I still have it, man. I've covered up a lot of tattoos over the years, but there's, I haven't covered up the Evee's in. It's for a good reason. You know, I've, some of the best years my life with the Evee's in my memories with you and traveling the world. I can't cover that up. There's no covering that up because such a huge part of my life. I'm very grateful for. I wouldn't have been able to experience a thing that I experienced my life. It wasn't for you. So I'm very grateful for that. And there's members. I'm going to hold on forever. There's some members. I'm going to tell my kids, my grandkids. We got videos of it to show. Yeah. It's just, it was such an amazing time despite the rough times that we had. We had even greater times than there were hard times. Yeah. We had much better times than we were bad. But the bad was so bad that it was one of those things that were at compounded the very end as were things got really sideways. And for those that, you know, again, I get hit up about this all the time. A little bit lesser now in the last year or two, but at least for the first three years that we didn't talk, it was a lot. Until you put out a video, getting ready for the Olympia last year. And it was like an apology video with a bit of an explanation. Yeah. And I think I was tagged maybe a thousand times on that video, probably more. And I remember in a life, you know, told me she was like, show me you'd post it about you. And she was like, check, check people in the area on Instagram where people tag you. And I saw it. Then I saw it. And I was like, okay. And I went and take a look. And, okay, he's getting ready for the Olympia. It's just cool. You know, um, he's apologizing. I wish this would have happened sooner to a degree outside. But it wasn't one of those things where I was like, in a rush to have a conversation. Because everyone says, well, can we, can you at least kind of like have a conversation, get them on a podcast, get them on the podcast? And I said, I, I need to be in the right mind space. And I am a person who has 10, and I'm leaning into this a lot right now. And I'm learning this about myself. A lot of the traumas and a lot of even even the victories and had trauma built into it, because it was very rough. A lot of those wins, whether it was you, whether it was Phil, whether it was Seabomb, whether it was Derek. I mean, it doesn't matter. A lot of those, there was so much stress because there was so many hiccups that happened with injuries or porn body part or whatever it was. And, um, and they got many of them we got through, right, with all of you guys. But I never really dealt with that emotional trauma. And now that I'm officially retired from elite coaching and trying to evolve into coaching instead of three people at one time, trying to share lessons to three million people that follow me. I really want people to learn that there's a cost to all of this. And as selfish is, my athletes are because they have to go through it and they have to kind of compartmentalizes you know. How many times is you have to do things where you can do things with your family or you can do things with your loved one or your significant other because you're trying to prep. You're trying to do this. There's so many things that you can't do and enjoy your parts of your life because you're sacrificing. And I did the same thing with my family by sacrificing the connection, the connectivity, being present to be able to do those things. And then going out and then coming back and saying, hey, fair enough to say, well, how the trip go and go, you don't want to know. We had some, you know, bad, bad times. And I think that a lot of people think that this coaching thing is really about counting reps and telling people how much chicken to eat for having some magic cycle. And if I would have every single one of you, Olympia but I've coached for the last 25, sit across from me. I would say it's a lot more different than that. And I don't know how to put it in words, but you literally have to be able to self-sacrifice for your athlete. At least that's what I had to do. You know, family did. And I was talking to Mike about it, you know, Cameron was born three months before you signed me, you know. And then the next six years, I required so much of your attention and so much your energy. I'm going to call on you in the night, pissed off or crying or upset. You have been talking about the weather and you got your wife and your son sitting in a living room waiting for you to get out the phone with me. I'm sorry for that. No, and I appreciate it. I appreciate, you know, you're really making an effort right now. And then you have been, so I'm not going to take away for the last several years, it's just that I wasn't ready to have those conversations. It's happening when it needed to happen because honestly, it had happened a few years, two years ago, it had been the right time for me either. I had to, for me to understand what I put you through. I had to have a family of my own to really understand that. My family is the most important thing to me. My kids are everything to me. So seeing that you're retiring from coaching when you made that post, like I was genuinely happy for you. Because I know how much it has weight on you over the years. I remember having a conversation with you and Kuwait about Cameron, about you not feeling like you were there enough. And you were in tears over it. And it sucks. It sucks seeing you like that because I know how important your family was to you. And I'm happy that you have been able to finally get to a point in your career now that you are able to take the time for yourself and for your family because they deserve it, you deserve it. And there's still plenty of time, man. Cameron's only 11. Yeah. Yeah. And the good thing about it is he loves it. And he asks about it and he's so into it, which is great. And I would love to be a part of that journey, but without the emotional connection that is deep as me coaching was. And even still is, this is not an easy thing for me to reprogram my thought process about even when you got on stage. And I was with Seabon back stage. And I know you were getting ready. And I'm trying to look at you. And I'm like, okay, I wonder, you know, I wonder how he's going to do. And I know I got to go back because I had hot and Derek still for the finals. And you guys were going at the same time in 2023 as right after Chris went with classic. And then I'm like, I have to go back. And I'm sitting there and going, shit, I really want to go see what Jeremy looks like. You know, I hope he does well because of the fact that I know that you have a ability to really, really shine because of how your structure is. I mean, you were the standard for many years. And so I'm just like, he doesn't have to win, but just I hope he looks good. And I didn't get to see it. I didn't look that good. Yeah, I mean, I saw you just kind of walk by backstage and I couldn't see in the light. And I'm like, you know, I got, I wonder what he's going to look like, you know, and I didn't, and I just get in text messages. Everyone's like, hey, what do I next? When you come see me, you know, Chris was done. I'm like Chris, give him hugs and high fives. Love you, bro. I got to go check on the boys of the open guys. And then they were just calling you guys up. And then I didn't get a chance to look at it. But it was one of those things where, you know, that whole entire weekend was very, very different because, you know, first Olympiad, you done without me, right? Since we start, you know, you start winning. And I was just like, you know, I knew it wasn't going to be easy. He wasn't. Yeah. I'm looking, I'm glad that I had water in my corner for it, you know. I am too. He understood the relationship that we had. Water has been a friend of mine for years. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, before every Olympiad I didn't want to be up in my room, praying with me the night before he's been a good friend. Never asked much of me. And he cares about me. You know, I, I needed somebody that could, somewhat fill the shoes that you provided for me during those years as far as the emotion will support. Yes. That went behind it all because I knew that I can do the dieting. I can do the training. We was just getting over that mental help of getting back on stage and having somebody, you know, nudging me the whole time because going to the prep, I wasn't confident at all. You know, I've been off the stage for a long time. Everybody told me the division now growing me and that was stuck in my head. And I had people around me telling me I'm still great and I can still hang in there with the guys and water is the first person to say, call them right now because you, I think you can still win the Olympiad. Do I think that? I don't know. But he does. And I needed somebody that believed in me like that and somebody that can, you know, pick me up when I'm down on myself and he did a great job of that. Just like I used to. And you know, a lot of guys, why didn't you go with a bigger name coach or somebody has more accrued ways in water? I wasn't looking for that. You know, I wanted somebody that can trust in somebody. I knew the love me and the care about me that would be there with me through the highs and lows. And fortunately, water is somebody that I'm able to stay very even with, you know, he's just a super chill guy and, you know, we have a good time together and I trust him. So I'm glad that we did the prep together. Yeah, I mean, you literally lived together for 10 weeks. Yeah, yeah, we had it locked in. It was up until two days out, you know, things are no fault. Sure. But you know, I had high expectations going into, I thought I was going to win going into Orlando. You know, I really did. I thought I had everything I needed to be ready and, you know, it just kind of fell apart. Orlando, you need 23 Olympiad. Yeah, 22 years. Yeah. So, you know, it's just, it was a different experience. A lot different experience and, you know, walking around with you and being part of the division. Yeah. Yeah, but the good thing is, when you, when I heard you're working with Wadi, I was like a bit relieved because I knew that he was going to care right and he was going to care because again, coach is no fence to the rest of the coach is out there. But I know you're not going to be sleeping in between aerial cuts, his kids and what he called it, and you know, on the same room up there, you know, because he's got his system, you know, and he can do what he can do. But when, when you're working on a whole different level, it's going to be different of what is needed because it's a big gap. You know, it's very similar to when you are going through the process like I did for the Olympia after the Olympia this year, I was like, okay, well, how is, you know, what's Derek going to do? What's how are you going to do? How am I going to, you know, what are the needs that they're going to, you know, need? But part of that is coping mechanism and then being able to make sure that you got to figure out what's best for you when you're going to work with somebody, right? Like what's going to happen? Um, every person has different needs and I told everybody like, you guys can come and train with me. I'll be a part of it. It's just that I can't carry the heavy burden of that stress daily, that I normally do. I have to reprogram that. So find somebody who can be able to deal with the daily stuff, any of the gym stuff. I'm here as a trainer, but on the coaching side with that emotionally charged formula that has been great, been fantastic, but it's just no longer, there's no more juice than the, and the bottle of the squeeze, you know, it's got to, it's got to change for me. Do you think you're going to be able to step away from that? Completely. I think as much as you have that a personal relationship is about you have with all of us, all of them now. Yeah. You know, they're still friends of yours. Yeah. So it's going to be like there, you know, you care. Yeah. So when an issue pops up, you know, you think, you just, I mean, they're going to talk to you. Sure. Yeah. And, and you know what, I think it's all going to be different, but depending on the person, I think how do you has a completely different personality than Derek? How you've been doing it for a very long time. Derek definitely needs to find somebody, and I know that he has, and, you know, gone through this, we're talking to several coaches, and I said, you need to figure out what's best for you and who you connect with. Then those key elements of what that person's going to coach you on are the most important elements that you need, because some of the emotional stuff that that person making, that you've not gave you, or just isn't a part of, you can get those from family, you can get those from other things, you can get, you know, just, maybe you've learned to cope with it, and now you don't need that person like me to do those things, and it's okay. But so everybody's going to be different with that, but in regards to me personally, it is a 100% turnaround, 180 degrees of where I'm normally doing, like when I was in Canada a week and a half ago, and normally I'd be glued to my phone just to see if there's anybody that needs anything, and so that's the presence where I'm like, everyone's a good man, everybody knows. You know what I mean? And everybody respects it, and they do. They do, and, but, everybody, I feel like everybody wants that for you too, you know, you've, we've all seen the work you put in over the years. Yeah, and I'm not going to be like abandoning anybody. I'm just there as a second set of eyes, I'm still getting a given opinion, so it was asking me for it. Want to get workouts and steel workouts? I just want to be more trying, I'm going to, I'm retraining my brain so that I can be able to coach other coaches, so therefore I can get more of the word out of how to do things on a healthier manner so that you can have kids. You're not going to have a long-term organ damage. You're not going to have to do things, you know, where you're going to have such damage to your body that it's going to hinder you for the rest of your life. At whatever level you decide to do this in, because there's a lot of coaches out there that don't think about that. They just want to get the win. Right. And you're the lab rat, and they don't care, and they're going to experiment, and then they're going to go on to the next one. And they're not going to worry about your blood pressure, your blood work, how you're lifting your joints, you know, your mental health, all of these things that have to go on with it. And I have assessed so much about all of those things that I just took away from everything else that I still need to worry about. And that's why I like I have to reallocate the focus. But, tansheria question, is it going to be easy? No, because I constantly want to go back to that, and I have to go back and be like, okay, no. It's okay. People are all grown-ups. Done some amazing things. I'm here if you need me. I'm here if I go into the gym. And I want to really try to go into the gym and share my knowledge on this podcast, on my app, on my platforms, and be able to really just say, there is a healthier way of bodybuilding. And I think you sharing some of the things that we went through just now and talking about the mental ups and downs and how you can get so supercharged to the point where you want to be physically just violent and how you have to try to control yourself with that journey. You know, now you can sit down and hear that me talking to you before anything that I would say dude, you were like, on it. Dude, like you were like, I don't want to hear this. This is bullshit. I'm like, I was attacking you. Where I was talking to you in the same tone as I'm talking to you right now. But, back then, you couldn't, couldn't let anyone hear it. No. No. And I just feel like, if anybody, even one person who's listening to this podcast can take something away from that, I want to share that. And I want to be able to use your experience for them, because they truly love this sport. Just as much as you and I. And I feel like even people who aren't in the sport who are into anything that's extreme or any high level person who wants to compete at any sport has to sacrifice. And it can get very unhealthy physically and emotionally. I mean, even financially, where people's looking at the car, people go out of their way to do weird shit to try to make the money to do what, you know, what is part of their dream. Do you have anything else you can share on that side? Because I really feel like, do you think counseling? Because again, yeah, I mean, you've got to, things are, things are falling apart on you and you can, I mean, you can feel it. You know, you're, you're, you're just no peace within. And you don't have to live that way. I've realized that. Like, I lived out peace for so long. I always felt like I was fighting life. You know, always trying to keep my head above water. No matter how good things work for me, you know, no matter how much money was coming in, no matter any of those materialistic things, you know, I was always battling. And we're bent to have peace in our lives. There's, there's meant to be, there's meant to be, there's meant to be peace. If you aren't having that peace, you need to take a step back and figure out what that causes and what, or the root of the issues coming from. And oftentimes, it's coming from within. And being able to take a step back and look in the mirror and call yourself out on the bullshit. And it's really hard to do, especially when you're, when I was as equal testicles, I was and as narcissistic as I was, it's hard to put the blame on yourself when you're so busy pointing fingers to other people. And, you know, it took me a long time to be able to step back and stop blaming others to figure out why things happened to me the way they happened to me. It was realizing what I did to cause the things that had happened or to cause certain people to treat me a certain way or say something about me. And it wasn't, it took away the hate, took away the anger. I hated a lot of people for so many years. I lived in so much hate in my heart that it was impossible to keep my head above water because I was so filled with rage all the time. And that's what the double wants us to do. You want us to fix it on these negative things. You want us to fix it on us not being good enough. And you want us to point and blame and not be able to fix us from within because, you know, that's what you want. You want us to dig us a deeper and deeper and deeper hole. That's where he gets his satisfaction from. And I realized that and I wasn't going to give him to them anymore. I needed to fix the issue and it came back to me understanding what I did to cause the things that have happened instead of pointing at everybody else. I had best and bad people in my life. But I also allowed those people in my life and I allowed them to influence my decision making. And that falls back on me, not them. I think a lot of people are very granular when it comes to wanting to know. And I am going to give you guys a little bit of insight on exactly how things ended because number one, many asked number two, the ones that don't know are going to want to be like, what exactly happened. And so as Jeremy and I were competing through in 2018, he had just, was getting ready for the for the Olympia, but 2017 was I believe our fourth Olympia one. Jeremy ended up doing, I think it was for charity. Not throughout charity event. Yeah, I'm not over 2018, 17. I told my dad, he wanted to do is a charity bench press contest. And I don't know if it was a contest, was it a contest? I had a big event. I had the strength cartel come out and they did the deathlift, the bench press and we were just raising money. We had a bunch of sponsors chip in for every pound. Right. And I remember I called you the night before, told you about it. Yeah. No, you told me about it about a week or two before. And then I said, you're not doing it yourself, right? And you're like, no, no, I'm going to be a part of it too. And I said, Jeremy, there's a reason why I don't like you having any, none of my athletes, I like to bench press. Because if you go in there and you try to go in there and hit some kind of crazy heavy max, chances are that's where the number one pectair exercises is flat, barbell press. So, told me that, you told me that my whole career, yeah, my entire career starts in. And that's why when I did it, I'm like, he's right again. And I even called you the night before and I said, look, 225, 225, you're fine. Try not to go heavier than that. Maybe do some reps with that, something like that point. If you really, really need to do it, but don't go heavier than that. And you said, I'm fine, I'm good. And it was like, you know, you're Superman. You know, you wanted to be like, I'm going to prove that I'm man. It's okay. You don't have to tell me what to do, Dad. I'm going to go ahead and do it. And then the next day, you called me. And what'd you do? Tell me back. How much was she? She was four or five. There you go. Okay. So, you put 400 pounds on, tore your petac. And you called me, and you're like, just completely shattered, right? Just like, I'm embarrassed to. Yeah. And again, instead of me saying, I told you so, I just said, obviously, we need to figure out how bad it is. We need to get with the surgeon. We have to see is rolling up. How bad is it? Thing, just throw ice on there, get ice on it. Let's get you to orthopedic surgeon. And then what happened? Dad, surgery. Yeah. That surgery. And we weren't playing out competing about you at all. We were going to take it off. And then I think I just got bored. Got bored and things kind of like kind of as a started, uh, having a good time. And with lost, I got distracted and I needed something to keep me structured. So, we decided to jump back into a prep. I started working out again. I put some size back on it. I remember as outside of a self-image shop and I posted a picture on Instagram. You called me because that would eat the cool guy. Is that what you look like right now? I said, yeah, I think we can pull this off. We were like 14 weeks out. Right. I think we can pull this off. And I remember I was getting, I got excited. I go, if you tell me we were doing a wimpier, we're fucking doing it. Right. And then you said, let's do it. Yeah. And we pulled together pretty good. Yeah. I looked pretty good going in. It just wasn't the same as it was that year before. Yeah. I didn't have a full off season and I started prep at like 170 pounds 14 weeks out and into a full stage of 180. We grew into the show, but it just wasn't enough to be able to be like you were. Yeah. And then not only battle, all the distractions are my limpia prep. I was still trying to live that rock star lifestyle as part of the weekends and not sleeping and different girl every other night. There's this busy, busy and distracted and not focused on being the limpia champion and doing what was necessary to win in that reflected on stage. And I remember every single one p.m. take off my shirt backstage and there would be like fuck, Jeremy one. Right. Everyone. That year didn't happen. I remember Brandon Hendrix and took off his shirt. I'm like, well, that was a fun ride. That's over. And you know, I just didn't know how to handle it after that. I thought I could, I thought like the first couple days after the limpia was taking it pretty well. I was handling the link pretty well. And then, you know, I just, uh, I think I was embarrassed to for losing. And then, not really knowing what was next, even though I had everything set up. It was a neat successful. Yep. You know, we had an agreement that was going to make sure that I was taken care of for the rest of my life. Yep. And had some influence from some other people that I shouldn't have listened to. And like I said, not blaming them, but I blamed myself for listening to some bad advice. And I self sabotaged the whole thing. And um, we ended up going to LA FIT Expo. You had just signed Andre DeYouve because I told you to. Mm-hmm. And I got really jealous of that. I saw you start investing some time into him. And I was like, you shot and replaced me. And that wasn't the case. It was me putting that on my head. Yeah. And I've fixated on that. I kept partying. And 2019 was a part of your for me for sure. You know, I hardly remember very much of it. Just just a emotional drama. I went through I remember all the traumatic stuff. You know, I'd do it a good time. I met my wife at that time. And you know, she was a... It's a pretty pretty, pretty state of me during that time. But I'm very grateful she did. And you know, I'm different now. But um, we ended up going to LA FIT Expo. We met for lunch. I remember we met for lunch somewhere. Yep. I don't remember, I think I was pissed off about Andre or something. And I remember I said, you know, fuck this I'm done. I got to walk out. You fall me outside. I got in my car. S-curted off. How they burning out. Joe called me and was like, you need to get your ass back here. I don't know, fuck this I'm done. And I thought I could do it on my own. You know, I was... I didn't think I thought I had everything figured out. I thought I was making a ton of money at the time. And I was doing good. And I thought that I can branch off and do my own thing. And you know, I might have been able to my head, it was on straighter. But it wasn't. And I just ended up, you know, one thing after another in 2019. Not only that, but you know, I had pissed off enough people with big enough followings to come together and really make sure that, you know, things came to a halt for me. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think in a nutshell, it was, it was a really bad advice for you. But looking back at it, you know, even the person that it was giving you the advice and I went to prison six months after that whole quote unquote negotiation that we were trying to figure out what to do. Yeah. I've said to say that guy had me wrapped out his finger. You know, I had everybody in my corner tell me to stay away from that guy. I'm including you, my parents, everybody, but you know, I was blinded by the flashiness of all the things that were told to me about what could have been and the cars, the money and this lifestyle and it was all a facade. I rented cars. I didn't rent my lamp. I've known that. No, I'm talking about the rented cars. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. He was trying to show you success that we're rented. And I remember when I first met him, I should, I mean, it should have been red flagged with the same time. I was like, 25, but never seen money like that before. He was like, you got to fake it till you make it. You know what we said? Yeah. He said that to me. Yeah. You know what's funny is that's what I said. I said that's a fake it to you make it kind of attitude. Yeah. And I said that's not a proven model. The big boost, you know, you had the clothing line. Hero, hero. Very cool clothing line. You had left, lift it. You had, excuse me, I think you had VQ maybe at the time. Yeah. That bunch of sponsors at the time. Yeah. Like three or four different clothing companies were sponsored by. Yeah. Fathers and sons. A better wear. Yeah. Yeah. A bunch of different stuff. And then you shut all of them off or most of them and then to do this gig. And the thing that I told you and this is one of those aha moments because I said, like, I think a lot of this is just a lot of window dressing. And it's just fluff because big booth doing this, doing that. We're doing big things. But you're looking to paint. And then what ended up happening was I said, you're losing opportunity here because you're turning off what was really paying you. And you ended up not taking it check for two years. Yeah. I never made a penny from my clothing company. All the money was in bezel. Out of it, I put all the money down for that clothing company to get started. And yeah, when actually broke down was when there was tax season, I needed the PLL for our business to get to my accountant and it was like pulling teeth trying to get that. And when I finally got the PLL and balance sheet, I noticed an owner's driver single month on it. I was like, yeah, I thought we weren't paying ourselves. Because, oh, well, you know, I'm doing it. I'm running everything, but I'm like, no, let's not be disgust. Why are you getting the check and I'm not? Right. And then amongst a bunch of other things, I gave money to investments. Yeah. I had six houses I bought that were my depth of money to me. And yeah, a lot of things. Yeah, because you wrote check for that on top of the opportunity loss of hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars. And then it's just needed two million dollars in sales at first. You're at the clubbing company. Right. And see a penny of it. Right. Yeah. This is a tough pill to swallow. It really was, but you know, it's a can't go back in time. Right. I was mad about it for a long time. You know, it's up until, you know, year two years ago that you've been able to get over it. You know, it's what's gone has gone and all I can do. If I stay fixated on this, I'm not going to be able to move forward. Right. And it was being able to go to the past and let go of their regrets. And if you stay fixated on those, you're never going to move forward. And that's why I stayed stagnant for two or three years until I got my shit back together in 2022. Got back in the gym. Got my eyes fixed on Olympia again. And I realized, you know, I had spent all of my 20s. I was really good in school. I was a good student at once. You see Davis my first year that I dropped out of their bodybuild. You know, I could have been a doctor. I was studying, you know, biology at UC Davis. I could have spent my whole 20s studying something but instead, I spent my whole 20s building a brand and bodybuilding. So it's like, it's like somebody going through getting their doctor and then deciding they don't want to be a doctor in our 30s. So he just wasted all that time. So for me, I needed to get back to what I knew and why you could produce. So that's why I got myself back on stage because I needed to provide for my family. And, you know, through that time, I was able, you know, evolve and grow and show the world that I am a different person than I was before. And, you know, slowly company started coming back around and, you know, now I'm back to a point where I have to do a lot with a lot of companies. A lot of stuff in the company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, a lot of subland companies who didn't want anything to do it, especially here in the States after what happened with, you know, even gym and then, you know, shortly after was steel. How that was public. When everything had brought steel and dropped me. And when all those allegations came out. So it was very public and a lot of companies stayed away from me. You know, international deals that, you know, they were still okay with me coming out, still very popular internationally. But dealing with an international company is for anybody that is naffield. It's difficult to deal with an international company, especially collecting your money. You know, there's, you don't have any leverage with those companies where you can sue somebody. If they don't pay you for 10 or 15,000 dollars a month and go travel overseas, the fight of an court doesn't make sense. You can't do nothing about it. It's not worth it. So a lot of those companies are up to par and, you know, they just fell apart. So fortunately, I guess I went gap last year and or earlier this year, it's been good. I'm very happy with them. Very grateful for the opportunity. And, you know, I have my other sponsors as well that have stuck with me. VQ resimely in 2022, I messaged them with hand in a really bad spot. You know, I'm trying to pull myself out of this. I need some help. And their gracious enough to bring it back on board and help me. If it wasn't very thankful for language because it wasn't for them, I don't know if I wouldn't have been able to get back on my feet or put food on table with my family. And that was a little bit of boost. They're a little bit of confidence that they gave me to keep going. And, you know, I've been able to rebuild a lot in the past year and a half to a point where, you know, my family and I are very, we're doing well and I have plans for the future. You know, I'm going to be opening a gym in Roosevelt. You told me that last night. I've been working with Skalcore, great company out of Miami, Mike Rattini, the owner of Golds franchise owner of Golds and both Carolina has been a mentor of mine with the gym business and he's helped me out a lot and it's just the transition. You know, I'm getting older. I'm 34. I don't know, you know, I've said this is going to be my last year getting on stage. It's more than likely it is. My body's beat up. It's not the same as it used to be. It's not as fun training anymore because of the injuries and what's hurting on you now? Everything shoulders, everything on you. You know, getting out of bed in the morning, my lower back, it takes me forever to get loosened up. You know, you know, my rupture, my kill is twice this year. You know, my Pelage, I'm probably never going to be the same. It's messed my hips up, my knees up, which in turn is messed my lower back up even more. How did you tear your Achilles? Just I was filming content. I took one wrong step. I went to run, took one step and snap. And then I had surgery. Then two weeks after my first surgery, I took my daughter to the park. I was on my knee scooter and she kind of took off towards the street. So I went after I hit a piece of barcom, my knee scooter, tip me over. And I was in my walking boot and it landed on it and just you rupted on me again. Then how did you go back and get to go back in and get surgery? Six and a half months postop right now. And it's getting a lot better. Saw a drake green law played last night for the Niners. Ten months after he is a Achilles injury at the school last year. So I was a boost and confidence for myself. Aaron Rogers came back last year. If it was Achilles tear, played like shit this year. But it's all right. Yeah. You know, but it's just like right now. The biggest issue is like, you know, we're trying to do some curls. You show me the new machines and doing some curls. And you know, I got this break yallas issue that I've been dealing with. You can hardly group anything. You know, curl kicking way out of my shoulder. It just makes it really difficult to go in the gym and enjoy it as much as I used to when I go in there and just train both the wall like an animal. You know, we used to get after it. Yes. Nothing hurt. I just felt good and just trained fucking hard. Super hard. And I loved it. I loved it so much. It's gained that pop and squeeze and flexing just veins pop and everywhere. When I squeeze and flex now, it hurts. It don't feel the same. So anybody ever tell you about the old videos? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, people will talk about it. Yeah. I still will get people last saw your reference C7 video. I'm like, that was like 12 years ago. Yeah. Had a nice set of hair. You know, I got hair like you know. It's going on. Many good video turkey. You're going to do the hair transplant. I've been going with the honey ram bottle. You haven't seen me if they shaved head before. No. So, no. Yeah. We'll see. I'm going to have the call Christmas. The hour has turned out. But I saw Chris last week. Um, thinking you got a little bit of a touch up on it. But I'll know him in all the guys that I know that have done it. Then hotly just did it. I don't know how that that vacuum out. Because it's just starting to come back. Yeah. You can't train for a while. Which sucks. Yeah. Because, you know, they don't want the trauma of all the blood flow and everything else to disrupt the the new hair implant. But it's definitely a lot of people are doing it. Yeah. You think about it. They have, they've offered me to come out there. I told them, though. Maybe we should both go. I'll get, I'll get. I heard they do. They do mirroreds. We get some chest hair. I don't know. Back hair. Do you know where they take the hair to do the beard? No. For the tape. No. Yeah. Almost. Oh. It's like, I was like, do the curly. You did a nice and coarse. Yeah. A little curly. No. I'm full funny. But. That's too much. Yeah. They would have to plant my back hair into my head if I was going to be able to find enough hair. Yeah. I mean, I get some time. It's hard to travel with the kids. I don't only leave my wife at home with a three year old and a 10 week old baby. It's, you know, when I get some time, you know, my wife doesn't mind my hair. So, yeah. Just the guys on social media and half of India, they don't, they don't like, they don't like it. Yeah. They don't. The international guys with it was even sometimes. It once in a blue moon. That's not often now. But I remember like three, four or five years ago. It was a lot of people would come in there and like, oh, what are you doing baldy and why are you bald? I'm just like, it's called genetics. Yeah. All right. That's it. You should have stopped taking steroids. My dad has no hair. Yeah. Like, what do you? I don't think it was inevitable. No, it's genetic at that point. But, you know, you got, look, it sounds like you got a lot of things going for you now. It's good. I think the number one thing is your family and I think that, and I, and I actually said that when everything went sideways, I said, when Jeremy ends up having a family, I think that's the biggest thing that creates perspective for people. You know, when you get married is one thing, but when you have a child, it creates a lot of it. Now you have a girl and a boy. Yeah. So that's the Kevin and her old helped a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Girl dad. Yeah. She's got, she's got me wrapped up right after fingers. It's a saucepot, my heart for that little one. She tries me insane, but I love her so damn much. She's like a little mini me, so I know I got my hands full in the future. She's going to be absolutely beautiful. She looks like they like her mom's going to be absolutely beautiful and it's going to, you know, hurt me in teenager, getting all the boys ready. We're going to pull the bad boys singing on her first date. You see that? Yeah. Yeah. You're going to be like cleaning guns and stuff. That's it. You know, it's, having kids is, it's changed everything. You know, like, I prefer, I don't go out anymore. Like, I want to, a comedy club, my buddy Dave, about a month ago, the first time I got out with the guys or the guy in years, you know, it was fun, but at the same time I'd rather spend my Friday Saturday night hanging out with my kids and watching me be on the couch. That's where my joy comes from as it's being with them. Yeah. And it's, it's a truth. It's crazy. How much you can love somebody when you have a child of your own. It's such a different kind of love, you know, it's special. Yeah. Really. And you're got you so much more to go. You're going to have any more? You're thinking about it. Maybe more. Maybe more. Maybe more. I wouldn't mind it. I mean, we'll see. Yeah. I don't have it stop cleaning up the house. My wife and I haven't stopped cleaning up the house since the number two has been here because my daughter is just running around all the time. Because your boys ten weeks now, right? Ten weeks all of my, he's always, my wife's always holding them. So I've been, been having a little bigger responsibility of my daughter and, you know, she's at the age now where she just always wants to do something. Yeah. Dad, it's good apart. Dad's good at arcade. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. All day long. And I love it. But, you know, it's a, it's another thing with competing. You know, that's why I'm, you know, I don't, I think this is going to be it after this year, because it just takes away too much. You know, I went to prep and Denver last year being away from them for ten weeks. It was really hard. Yeah. It's really hard. And, you know, it goes by so quick to, you know, even the first four weeks of my son being more, we had a lot going on. You know, I've been negotiating the gym, the lease, and dealing with the city, and then we also had to move houses like three weeks after his born. And then I tried, you know, starting a prep for the Arnold, which I failed miserablely out this for the last six weeks. You know, the holidays coming around. Yeah. It's been a lot. And I can't, I don't want to miss 10 weeks or 12 weeks again, because ago, we don't want to get that back, especially at this age. You know, my son is literally tripled in size since he's been born. He's a 16 pound 10-way gold baby. He's, I showed you picture last night. He's like my little Buddha. Yeah. He's so cute. He's so cute. But he's just, it goes by quick. And since he's been born, my daughter just looks so much older. It's so much bigger to me. It's good. You know how it is? I know how it is. I'm just 11 and he was like, it's 18-25. It looks like, you know. So it's just my, my, my values are different. You know, when I was in my 20s, single, we're not married. It was different. You know, I was very, I wasn't so all about myself. And I, that was my priority was I went beyond making sure that I was taking care of. Now, you know, I'm fourth on the list. And who is important? Right. Yeah. That's a different mindset. It's a very, very big change. Well, I'm glad things were going much better. You know, I'm glad we were able to connect last night because again, it was super random. Yeah. Really random. And I was not going to nick of that. And I think when we saw each other in 2023 and you were getting ready to just do the check-ins, I certainly make it a point when I saw you, pull you aside. I said Jeremy, come here real quick. And I know I was doing the check-ins with Chris at the time. And then you guys are coming in and I just wanted you to make sure that you knew were good. I saw the video. We'll talk later, some point. But we're going to run into each other during the entire weekend. And I don't want it to be awkward because I know anybody would have anxiety for a show like this, especially at a raining Olympia champion from several years ago, multiple, I should say Olympia champion days now trying to come back, especially I know you. I know it's going to be hard. Right. So again, trying to be as empathetic as possible and understanding when I saw you during the check-ins was like, we're good. I appreciate it a lot. I took a lot of pressure off me for sure. I knew I was going to see you out there. Yeah. And I didn't want it to be some kind of animosity or for you to think that I feel or think a certain way about you because at that point it was watering the bridge. I know you were in a bad spot when you said a lot of things that you were just in an area of the time you were hurt because of the fact that you didn't know what was going on. It was going to happen next. And I knew all that shit going on. Unfortunately, you didn't. And that's why it happened. But I was like, let me do whatever I can to try to sue this guy, give him the ability to try to reduce his anxiety before he's trying to go back on that stage. And then when it's the right time, we're going to run into each other and have a conversation. And that was a year later, which was literally last night. And I said, hey, where's your gym? And I said, eight minutes up the road. If you want to come by, come by. And I said, why do a podcast? And you're like, uh, today? Yeah, let's do it today. Why not? You're here. Yeah. And again, I'm in a different place, too. I'm in a completely different place. So congratulations on the family. You know, I'm so glad your mom and dad are doing well. And I can't wait to see them at some point because I'm sure that we'll see him at the next show. Yeah. When you get back on stage. And I know that just for good old times, say we got to go train. Let's do it on a hat. So guys, if this video comes out before the training session, then make sure you go check out the training session. I know in the comments below, if there's anything else, do you guys want to know? Do the best to can to be able to answer those questions? Obviously, we'll put Jeremy's page on there. I know that a lot of you guys are already follow him, but it just a case of you don't. You'll be on the bottom of the comments. And again, it's good to get past things. I think that it's really good. This is a life lesson for me, too, as well. And just a healing process for me. Because as we go back and relive those moments, really doing what I'm doing, what I'm trying to do is focus on all those positive moments and using any of those hurdles that we went through as just teaching moments for both of us. So what they do in their podcast where we talk about the highlights of our relationship to all the good times that we did have. As well as a lot of great times, man. Like I said, the some of my best memories are traveling around the world of the evening and doing the things we did. You know, I never forget all three of us getting our dishes and quaint me, you and Nick rocking around the outdoor market. Yeah. It was a good time sitting around a table or I wore on the plane. Do you remember I wore it on the plane? Yeah. Oh, and you wouldn't just laptop thing. Remember they were trying to take your laptop and you wouldn't let them take your laptop, but it's given me a laptop, honey. Come on, you're not taking my laptop. That's it. But it was one of those things. We got to dig up the picture, but it was, yeah, you're right. There was a lot of really cool times that when we were going all around the world, and India was super cool. Now first thing to do with Tripanna is a culture shock, but we had a good time. You always made it fun. Yeah. Yeah. Autor laughs. Yeah. Nobody did the concert service like I did. No, we can compete with me when it came to being able to get all of those cool trips. Because what we did was we really did a lot of team building when it caught together. Those nights, those dinners, all of those other things. But you're right, we'll definitely go back and relive some of those until some really good stories. And some of the stuff that we went through, because it was an amazing time. Yeah. It was an incredible, great for all those moments. And I'm grateful for you. I'll be back at this table with you. And, you know, I love you, man. I always will. I appreciate you. We love your family. And cheers to the future, man. Yeah, thank you so much. God bless you, God bless your family. And look at four of the next one. Yeah. Honour and bud. Four time Olympiad men's visit champion, Jeremy Wendia. And that's the truth.

=== FILE: THE TRUTH BEHIND HADI CHOOPAN  EP. 116 [8rfk34g5CFk].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I'm here with none other than the Persian wolf himself, Hottie Chopin. So what we're gonna do is, I'm gonna do this in two ways, because again, Hottie is definitely his lip reading. So if you're watching this, you would have to go to YouTube to see the subtitles. But I'm gonna do the best I can that I'm also gonna do some translating, but if you wanna see the subtitles, go to YouTube. If you're listening to this on Spotify, something through just the audio, only portion, they make it a little bit different. If you don't have the ability to read the subtitles, I will try to do the best I can to translate, but I do wanna let you know, Hottie is here, it's been amazing, because it was something that we thought that might not be possible, because we've only been able to bring him here once a year for the Olympia. And we did already exhaust the fact that we brought him in for the Arnold Classic, then got him a visa to the Arnold Classic UK. And then we're was able to bring him back. So as easy as that sounds, it is not easy at all. So shout out to my VP here, Nick Erbie, couldn't have done it without him. He goes, jumps through hoops of fire, just laced in gasoline, and the poor guy, luckily he just got back from vacation. He took a nice trip, and it was able to relax after all the stress of stuff that he does here at Evision, as well as being able to work on Hottie's behalf to be able to help him with all of the documentation and paperwork that's needed to get him a visa every year. So again, thanks Nick. We could have done it without you. And again, I've gotten amazing team here, and Nick really goes above and beyond always, and he's been with me for over a decade, and just again, I appreciate him more than words can say. But we do have Hottie here in the studio. He's been here for several days now, and now we're getting ready for the Mr. Olympia competition. And we got some questions from our Q&A that we asked on Instagram. And now I'm going to go ahead and... Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm Joel, I'm a group of group of people. I'm Joel, I'm Joel, I'm Joel. My Oliam, Cuba. He says he's very, really good. He's happy to be here. And again, that's the bridge version. You want the long version? Got to go to YouTube. But like I said, guys, I'll do the best I can. Let's roll. We got some questions, so Rob sent over some questions from social. And we're going to go ahead and just take in no particular order here is, I think the one that really stood out here is you versus Seabomb. So we got a couple of questions that people said, if Chris Bum said was competing in the open against Hadi Chopan, you know, how would Chris do? So Shima, your Seabomb, may I say, you're a giant group of people? Kudimiki. Remember, Kyrus? Yeah, you and Chris. You couldn't bow your leg. Even by wearing turd. But my tribe's in a country, by their scaring, or for example in the middle of the bottom, a thin-ived man um. Usually, fighting war gets tough but Talash Boko-na-ud-vit-top-at-tabash. Wow, that was a lot. He gives a lot of respect to Chris. Chris has got a beautiful physique. He is the Olympia Champion in Classic physique. But again, there's a different standard in open body building. And he feels that even though that Chris is taller, but he's very aesthetic. But when it comes, there's a different category, and there's a different judging criteria when it comes to open body building. So I think that that's not the emphasis, Chris. Oh, God, let's go. That's good. That one's for you, Chris. All right. Now the next question was actually about his son, Mohammed, Mohammed Huffes. He posted some pictures about, you know, on his page, and of imposing and his gym. Mohammed is 16 years old. Shwuzasa, Shimohama. So he's 16 years old. He's 15 years old. He's 15 years old. He's 15 years old. So he's 15 years old. And the question was whether or not he wants him to go in a body. Shwam, I'm glad I'm better to his Yiba and Ami. If you want him to go in a body building, you know, he's now 15, he's posing, he's posting some pictures. Ahadi is reposted some photos of him on social media. His 15 year old son, he's like making his own videos online. Did you like him a computer or not? I hope I'm married, im awake at an sentimental university. But I'm already 12 years old still 7 years old, I have 25 years mature, 35 years old, and his son, I came to to take out these TV cameras Okay so I'm going to cut him off because I got sick my time. So I can translate. So he says that basically from the outside looking in, it always looks easy. Bodybuilding looks a lot easier than it is. Because people think it's just training, you just die a little bit, but they don't understand the complexities and how difficult it is when it comes to executing bodybuilding and all the different aspects of bodybuilding. And obviously with him following his dad, it makes things look a little bit easier than it is. And I'll go ahead and let him finish. Uh, I I I knew So what he's saying is the fact that he feels that he wants to direct his son with education first, also learning how to speak English, so he's taking in English course, and actually we talked about this yesterday with him and I that his 15-year-old son is learning English. And for those of you that keep asking that don't understand why Hottie has had such a problem speaking English, he can't hear himself and how he's pronunciating and denunciating, and the words because of his deafness, right, his hearing impaired quite tremendously. So it's become very difficult for Hottie to do it, so he's really trying to make sure his son learns English. So number one education, number two, learning English, number three, to find a job that he's going to be able to be good at, a career, I should say, and that career is going to be his staple. Bodybuilding is very, very expensive, and being that Muhammad at 15 years old is living a completely different lifestyle than Hottie did, when he was growing up, Hottie didn't have any money, he was very, very poor when he was coming up, he was very disadvantaged economically as he was coming up. Where his son has many, many attributions that are way more advanced in regards to the fact that he has the ability to train it, it a great gym, he has food, he has supplements, he has all of these things. So he's at a huge benefit, but ultimately he wants him to have all of those things in place, and utilize bodybuilding, secondarily, and make sure that he really focuses on all of the other above. The education, the being able to speak English, and as well as setting up a career, while he body builds. So Zibu and Amio, Hamain, she's up, Badan, Badazar, Karan. It's pl<|ru|>,iro,TILATS, Barat Karaysh. We call her grandmother very much, especially in economics, they do in economics. What you mean, we just ask for herfish in to show her yarn, but she will come in handy. And now Hathinihea looks at her, and learns to put it into her olm Lake what happens and I see that, in Gallion, Germany, in 1, 2 and 3, we just may not come this long and they may not want to expand, but we can make sure that state of England in Germany then intr persulged. We try to staat in the west. I don't know what to do with the other one. But I don't know what to do with the other one. But I don't know what to do with the other one. Yeah, he really wants to focus on the ability to focus on the education and learning English. Things that he did had a disadvantage of, and he continues to have a disadvantage of. So he really wants him to focus on those things. And like I said, regarding the economic conditions, it costs so much money to be a really top end bodybuilder. And you don't make money, especially in the beginning, unless you're in a elite level bodybuilder. So he wants him to do it for the love of bodybuilding and not for just being able to look at it for a generation of, hey, I'm going to go out there when some bodybuilding shows and make a career out of this. Because 99% of the people do not make a career out of bodybuilding. So he wants him to just do it for the love of the sport, but be able to set him up a future up with education as well as a career. And that's his focus. Let's get to the next question. Okay, here's a good one here. Ronnie versus Phil. Ronnie, you'll feel Kudumiya ki, beta-dood. You know who you were in, by that time? No. No. Doew. Actually, in entering the state with a city. Viewers, Okay, so this is the one where you guys have to go to the YouTube channel. To see because he did a really good explanation of the breakdown of what he thought of both of their physiques. So if you want, if you're listening to this, this gives you a reason to go to YouTube and then make sure you like and comment below of what you think of what his actual just interpretation of each physique was. Tell me whether or not you agree and definitely go into the comments and let me know because I think it was an eloquent way of being able to break down both J. I mean, fill versus fill versus Ronny Coleman. So again, that's a good one for you guys. Are listening in the car right now? You're going to be like, damn you, honey. I'm going to have to go on YouTube now. Yes, you are. And put in the comments below what you think. All right. Let's see. Okay. What's your favorite supplement? Beta learning supplement. Pick me, quote him. Yelena supplement. If you're doing one supplement, could you hear his favorite? Creating. Okay. So that's it. Chara. Okay. I'll give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. All right. Guys, guess below what his favorite creature is. That was not hard. The creatine was his favorite supplement. He said that basically it's the most research. It's the most widely researched. It's got the science behind it, but also you can see the true effectiveness of creatine. So he feels that if there's one product, one product only, creatine is the favorite. So, so all the way, your next question, what's your favorite cheat meal? Favorite Razorik? Ma'le open a kebitunie, Azor Bichori as Hamar Razor, Kudmiki Bichari study. I don't know what you're going to say. Yelena, so he says, in American or Persian, I val' Amir Koye for American first. Burger, burger, just like cheeseburger? Well, panied, double the cheese. Double the goose, double the goose, double the time. She's, yeah, he likes double the cheese right. He always asks about it. Actually now that I remember. So his favorite is doing a double cheeseburger, double double. But not double, though, from in an opera because I don't think he's ever eaten in an out wig, but when we go to restaurants, he does ask me after the show to get a double burger. That means double meat, double cheese. And we're talking about like half pound burger guys that he's putting down. This is not like your thin McDonald's in and out little, you know, one, 16th of an Allen burger. We're talking about half pounds, two patties, all of that lettuce tomato, but piyas, but piyas? Yeah, with onions. Piyas, sort of, hey, y'all, Mamoli. Yeah, so regular onions, not sauteed. He likes to do the raw onions with it. Straight hardcore Persian style. Actually, hardcore Persian sounds me because I have both raw and sauteed because I had to make it taste a little bit like kubita and then that. Okay. So the double double cheeseburger is his go-to cheat meal. Is his answer? Next question. Is Runeev? What is your number one Persian dish that you like? So his number one Persian dish is his number one Persian dish is his Persian-Basmodi rice with the little zirashkabaries in there, which are a little barberries. And it's got like a sweet, slush tart taste to it. So if you haven't had it, it's amazing. But he gets it with the chicken thigh and it's seasoned with the Persian seasoning. It's got that little bit of that orangeish Persian seasoning taste amazing. That's his go-to. That's his favorite. Again, mine, I gotta go with the kubita because I am a kubita king. I am the kabob king. I love kabob's. And that's mine. But with that same rice with zirashkabaries with kubita. And I'll throw an a raw egg yolk in there. So if you ask all the guys that have eaten with me in the past, fill Jay all those guys, they'll see me sometimes. Throw a raw egg yolk. It's not with the egg white. It's a raw egg yolk into the hot rice and you mix it up. That is my my go-to. But nobody asked. Okay, so you wanted to know. Okay, next question. You guys have good questions here. What is your favorite place you've been to? Kujo as ha-make ishvara kudum yaki rashang tara-bu joyke tola la hafdeen. So as a kishpara, maslan shayed, kujo. Jay kudum kishpara joy, na kishpara, hafdeen. Aslan shayer. Joyke rafdeen tola. Kudum rashang taraim zibot harin. Chizayke dili intola kujo. Kuhoma kishpara joydeen, definitely. I'm a little bit chay. Bishal, hafdeen. Kishpara joye. I'm a little bit chayed. But Jidadir on a stock. Kuhoma kohora joye alaftin. Kuhoma kuhoma kuhora alaftin. Badan gishizy, bingu kujo, rashang taraim joye ijohan taraim joye. Alas bingu kohora ala joye tabi ato oba hafdeen. I know the book I'm a top kohoma kohoma kohora abdula tabu shadu. Really? Kai yoye like Dallas? He likes Dallas. Guys, it's corn points with detections guys. He likes Dallas a lot. So now as one joye, kohora deen. Sam Francisco already deen. As Hanme wujad, Do you know the story? Do you know the story? I was born in the middle of the time. Really? I was born in the middle of the time. I was born in the middle of the time. Tara do the story. Chalvat, Hube. I was born in the middle of the time. Kohora joye came to me and said, So California says that it was beautiful and everything. But the streets were really narrow. He loves the white streets. He loves the weather here. Again, it's been raining here. Excuse me, the last couple of days. So it's really cooled off into the 70s. So it's a little bit. We got a little bit of the northern California weather. Because the northern California today, it was 93 degrees. Yesterday was 95. So they got the Texas weather and we got the California weather. So he's really enjoying the rain in the mid 70s. And he says that he really likes the feel of the city and the vibe of the city. These 12 days. I mean those have theiricic tastes. BTS is like Dubai too. What totally do you like there is not a single dish there? Yes, aliers I like. They call it as a national national about the fact that it fills a lot like home in terms of the weather, hair and weather and everything from Shiraz. And so it reminds him a lot of that. So he really jells with it well. He said the people too are very, very kind and it reminds him a lot of being back home. So he just feels like more at ease here. He's been to a lot of amazing places and he loves them. But at the end, he's really likes it here, which is, again, not a guest, but the great insight. And also outside of Dallas, he says he loves Dubai. He thought that also has a very good feel in a very good vibe. So again, the things in Dubai are very, very positive in all of the different times he goes there. He really feels that it was really connecting with him. So again, Dallas and Dubai, D&D. That's awesome. Good, good questions, guys. Let's, we got one more here. Okay. What was your favorite look out of all of your looks that you brought to the stage? What did you have been on a classic or was it a different show? Which one? Okay. So he said that he was a 99% at the Arnold Classic. He thinks that it was a great great look. But if he had to pick an ultimate look, he still likes the images of the 2019 Olympia. And that was his first Olympia. And those are again, 99% on for the Arnold Classic. This here. And then he loves the photos and the images and what he brought on stage into the 2019 Olympia. So that's great. All right, guys. So again, this was just an impromptu Q&A that we wanted to do for you guys. Because now that we have hotty here, let us know in the comments what else you guys like to see. What other content you guys want to see? While we have the Persian Wolf here, stateside end Dallas. Go in the comments below for those of you that had to take and stop the car and get on to YouTube. I apologize with the same time. Definitely let us know what kind of content you want to see so we can provide that for you guys. And we're going to be giving you a lot more content on the Evigen channel as well as my channel. His channel as we're working our way to the Olympia preps. And so again, check it all out. Make sure you follow the Persian Wolf. Make sure you follow all of us. And thank you again for not only supporting our brand, but also supporting all the individual athletes as we get ready for the 60th anniversary of the Mr Olympia competition. Honey Rambad, Hadi Chopin, and that's the truth.

=== FILE: THE TRUTH BEHIND RUFF DIESEL  EP. 123 [KlwZMQq4I60].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I have none other. Do you even have a nickname? If you will call me rough diesel. That's right. That's right. That's right. I forgot about that. Bad. My bad. I got, I got Terrence rough in the house. He drove all the way up from Houston. We've been talking about doing something together for a minute and getting him on the podcast and then doing a workout. So, in the past, I've done workout. So, then we come in and we talk about it. This time, we're doing it the other way around. He had just eight when he came in with his videographer, photographer, slash videographer, and then got to eat. He did get a chance to get Kevin to give you a little tour of the gym. Yeah, it's beautiful. Yeah, I'm excited. Especially all the the chest stuff they have for a pinot is crazy. It's insane. It's insane. Have you used the decline fly yet? Have not. Oh, yeah. Because we got the flat fly, decline fly, and incline fly, then incline fly with the rollers so you can put them on your forearms. Yeah. So, it's going to be all kinds of really cool stuff. I know you're supposed to be doing shoulders and arms, but I have a feeling we're going to probably try some other machines now. I'm willing to, you know, wherever the workout leads us, you know, I'm happy with that. Yeah. That's awesome. And well, again, welcome. Huge fan of your physique. I know that right now you are in a middle of the prep, right? Yeah. Yeah. We are under 15 weeks out from Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. That's awesome. And then what was the last show you did before Pittsburgh? It's getting revenge. It was India in 2024. I think. No. No, 2023. Yeah. That was your last show. Yeah. November, 2023 and India. Wow. And the same year you did Dubai, right? Yeah. Yeah. Because I think you did Dubai the year that I was there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I did a lot of shows that year. I did Dubai. Yeah. I won the lead in that year. I won India that year. And you won Dubai. Yeah. Yeah. I won three shows that year. So why did you stop? I took the year off. It was a lot, you know, a mix of things. One ending a relationship and then two series and you act, I couldn't really change much of my upper body. So just getting that rehab. Was that public thing? Or was that just something you've talked about at all? Or not yet? Oh yeah. I posted about it. Yeah. You know, I was blessed enough to find this guy to get me stem cell therapy. Okay. Down in Columbia and Ms. helped. Still not 100% but that was your shoulder. Elbow. Elbow. Was it on a particular exercise? No. You know, it's crazy. I was just popping my like I was having some pain from it for a while. Okay. Throughout that prep, but nothing, I could manage. And then I just popped it one day and then that's when it started to really get inflamed and I couldn't do anything with it. Just random. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man. That's usually what it is. You know, I remember watching that video. But that's supposed to be for old people like me. Were you like picking up a gallon of milk off the ground and your back goes out? Oh my gosh. You know, what you do? I walked up one step and my lower back went out. I mean, that's what happens when you get old. Yeah. I mean, I'm feeling it. But yeah, that's what happened. You know, it's crazy. A lot of bodybuilders I told you is never something in a gym. It's usually something random. You know, yeah. Or they're messing around. Right. Yeah. Or they're messing around. Yeah. I don't messing around. I don't know that anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Guys in the gym, you know, have a little too much pre-workout. Then they start to wrestle because one person did like some junior varsity wrestling one time in high school. And then the other guy did varsity wrestling and was going to want try to whip the other guy's ass. I remember so when I started bodybuilding like in 2013, I remember like clears day victim Martinez. Tant what he he tore his bicep or something. Arm wrestling somebody. Yeah. Yeah. Now that you say it. Yeah. Yeah. And ever since that day, I was like, I'm not doing anything. Anything I said bodybuilding because that's it's crazy. Yeah. No. I remember like again messing around is arm wrestling. Turn around trying to do too heavy away. Or somebody says, hey, man, there's a 300 pound dumbbell. Pick it up. Yeah. And something, you know, something like that. Because even when Jay tore his bicep when I was coaching him, he was 2011, the year that Phil won. And it was a two-week out from the Olympia. He was a get ready for a muscle tech shoot. And he just put some dumbbells back and he tore the bicep. Just put in the dumbbells on the rack. But the rack was in front of him. It was an odd angle. And him just doing that and then tore his bicep. And it was like, that's crazy. Yeah. So I'm saying like, it's the most random stuff that can possibly happen. Ten to happen. And I feel that when you tempt fate by rolling around trying to wrestle, playing Mr. MMA because you watched UFC or you're playing Xbox or PS5 and thinking that you're going to play WWE, man, people mess around like that and then, yeah, everyone find out. Yeah, yeah, no, you're right. Yeah, I'm not trying to find out. So I'm doing my best to not do that. Yeah, not doing any of it. Yeah. Talking about recovery, man. So you did the Columbia thing. And then did you do anything else for that recovery for the other? That was the main thing. Before that, I saw a physical therapist and that helped quite a bit. I could at least train again. But that's a physical therapy, simsil therapy, BPC, 1-4-7, TB-500. I didn't feel anything from those peptides though, you know. So I still take them just because I'm like, maybe it's doing something I'm just not feeling it. Who knows? You know, it was better to take them than not to, but yeah, the big thing was this simsil therapy. And you felt like when you did this simsil, was that something that they just IV or how did they apply this to themselves? I got it for actually my knee and my elbow. And the knee feels a hundred percent now, but elbow, they did a shot on the outside here. And so they injected it directly into the joint. Yeah, got your, got your. And then how much better do you feel now on that elbow? 20, 30 percent. Like if it was like before, like it might be like 30 percent, like that's where the level I was at and then after the simsil therapy, maybe 60-ish, you know. Got you. So maybe 70 tops, but 60, 70. Yeah. And right now, I know when we were talking, I think it was at the like the Texas Pro, when we were back to the 80, we were talking. And you're there's been a lot of talk about what you're going to do next. Right? And then now that you've mentioned, you're doing Pittsburgh Pro, which is awesome. But is it been kind of the classic thought process all the way through? Have you ever thought about doing two, 12 or anything like that? Yeah, I mean, I turned pro in body building. I'm I'm I'm I'm younger. I'm 31, but I've been a pro since I've been a pro for 10 years, you know. Wow, you turned pro 21. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What show? Nationals. Nationals back when it was in Miami still. Yeah. We had some good parties back then. Yeah. Yeah. With Jay and Phil and LeBois, we would go down to Miami. And that was always the best nationals because they had the parties are. I actually take that back. We had some really good nationals here in Texas too, and then they brought it back here recently. But when you were doing that, what division were you middleweight? No, I was tiny. That's why I was a lightweight. I was a so 154. Okay. I came to Alex for long was a guy that won the overall that year. And he's already retired, you know. But yeah, I mean, that was I was 21. I, you know what's funny now? I had no idea that I was even going to Nationals because in my mind, you know, when you turn pro, your your physique should be at such a level that where you can compete, you know, that was my mind. And like I thought of guys like Lee, LeBroso, Sean Ray, that around my height, I'm like, I need to be like 180 each before I even think about something like that. But crazyly enough. And how tall are you? I'm five five. So around the same height, I think Sean says he was five seven. Yeah. It's probably five six, you know. But five and then. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so it's crazy. You know, there was his guy who was dating this girl. A lot of people know him, Nick Trudgilly. Yeah. He was dating the girl in my city. He lived in Florida. And he saw me at the show and he's like, man, I think you should go to Nationals. And I'm like, well, I just listened to him. I was like, I don't know anything. All right. You know, he coaxed him back a month or two. They broke up and then he he disappeared. But he, this is, was he dating a pro? I don't know who he was day. And that was my business. I was like, yeah, I didn't know if it was somebody we knew. Yeah. Yeah. But no hard film. He's already talked about it like a couple years ago. But I was still in my mind to go. You know, I couldn't afford USA is in touch. I was 20 then. So I had to wait until National National Championships in November. So I turned pro like two or three weeks after my 21st birthday. Oh, wow. That's a good birthday present. Yeah. Yeah. I know drinking on my birthday. I was I was I was focused. Yeah. Yeah. Were you like Seabumb where you were doing a lot of party in when you're early 20s? No. No. I have I don't know Seabumb's just off of no. I was I was focused. Man, I joined the military at 17 years old. So wow. Yeah. I was I was no party and just focused on that army Marines or we were always at four. So the first. Oh, and for smart guys. You're like, man. I want to be on. Would they would they would they would they put you out where you had a certain base? Yeah. So crazy enough. I joined the joint. I joined to do special forces. So I wanted the better lifestyle of the Air Force, but I still want to do cool shit. I end up making it pretty far. I had one month left and then you know, washing out and filling out. So you know, it was cool. I got to learn a lot and I still know some of those guys that they do some of that work. You know, a lot of those guys are retired now to or beat up. You know, so I'm kind of happy that I didn't end up going that route. That was 14 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. I would have. Yeah. You're so young. But you again, when you talk about 17, is that the year that they allow that 17 years of age? Yeah. Do you have a list? You got to get your parents permission. But yeah. Yeah. But that I think that's the youngest. All right. 17. Yeah. Can't even imagine my son like right now. He's been drinking about 12. So it would be like in five years. Yeah. How'd be crazy? But yeah. I mean, so I washed out of that. I was at Herbaphil. I'm going through that training for most of the time. And then I made him switch my job to electronic warfare. And I spent the rest of my time at England Air Force Base. Yeah. It's sitting like near-deston Florida. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I have tons of nice beach out there. It's a nice area. I mean, I liked it. And it was, you know, it ended up being a blessing because the job I got was perfect for bodybuilding. You know, I didn't deploy at all when I was in the service. I was stuck in a very normal job. I went in at like a 630. I got off at like, I think 33430. And, you know, we ate my meals. You know, it was fine. Yeah. When the normal guys would take their smoke base, smoke breaks, I would eat my meals during that time and they had no issues with it. So you're in there from 17 to 21 or how long four years are you in there? I did six years. Six years. So is that? So you must have, do they do six all at once or did you have to go back and sign a contract for two more? You can do four or six for sure. And then I ended up, yeah, I got it about gotten to bodybuilding right after I washed out of the, the special forces training because the main reason I was 120 pounds and like I was great at like push-ups, and stuff like that. But like carrying those head, like the heavy things we had to carry was really, really large for me. And so I started hitting the gym and there was his guy. He was in the bodybuilding. He's like, you should look into it. So I, you know, I walked to the local grocery store and picked up a magazine because I didn't have a smart phone pack there. You know, and Dexter Jackson was on the cover. And from that day on, I was like, this is what I wanted to do. You know, and Miss Crazy, you know, I got to, I didn't get to compete with Dexter Jackson, but I got to be on the same stage as them, you know, so, you know, it's a blessing. That's awesome. Where did you grow it? Alabama. Very small town. Beatrice Alabama. A couple years in Mobile, but Beatrice is 200, right, well, it may be 300 when I was a kid, but now 200 people live in Beatrice Alabama. Wow, super small. Yeah. And how long you've been here since now? A couple months, like a Mike, eight, nine months. And before that, you were still in Alabama? No, I was in Tampa, Florida. Once I got out, I moved down. I had a choice to either move the Vegas with my coach, and move to Tampa to have a trainer, a driver trophy coach. Okay. Because where is he now? Joe's still in Tampa. So I lived in, I was in Tampa for six years, every day training with them. Like, I saw him more than anybody else in my life. Yeah. How was that? You know, because was he doing all your prep, too, or was he doing your diet, your everything? Just training? Just training. I just had a few coaches over years. Matt Porter, he passed away, and then John Meadows, who also passed, and now my coach is, you're seeing this here. Okay. Yeah, and he's from France, but he doesn't do buy. He lives in Dubai. Yeah. Right. He lives in the middle east. Man, make sure to care yourself, because you don't, you know, you don't want him something. Something on the phone. Yeah. The phone footsteps. Matt Porter, and, no, I do. Honestly, when John passed, I felt like some of the coaches had, they thought I was like, bad luck or something, because I reached out to like two, and I was like, nah, I'm like, okay. Are you serious? They're just like, no, man, I'm okay. I'm serious. Yeah. And this is when I was placed in second at the Olympia. I had two people telling me now. Really? 100%. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. What was the, what did they just say? You got bad due to? They were respectful. They just said they don't have, they can't write now. You know, when I got, he said, he doesn't have the time, and the other guy was like, he did, yeah, same thing. He didn't have the time to give me enough attention that I would need to be at that level. So, you know, I wasn't upset. You know, I just like, okay, well, at least they're honest. So, I think that's a good thing to be up front as much as you can, because so many people try to bring on too many people, and then try to give the same level of service, and especially at the Olympia level. And that's why I always try to keep my Olympia group really small, because I knew how hard it was, even when I was, you know, contemplating, working with Chris, I knew that was going to take away, because I knew that it was going to be a different structure of time. Because now you guys were going on a Saturday warning, and it was a one day and I'm already dealing with my Friday night crew with the open, and that was also something that was going on in my head too. And the first time I remember, I set up all night. I didn't even sleep. It's a lot of, it takes up a lot of mental space, you know, I mean, it's a huge moment, you know, yeah, I can definitely understand that one, it's to take on too many. Yeah, well, and like I said, the guys were not done until 12 or one by the time you get done, because they were going to stay at 10 30. And then by the time they get back to the room, then they got to eat, then I look at them. There's two, then I go to go eat, and then it's around 233. I would eat at three. And then by that time it's almost 4 a.m. He's getting up at five, and to, you know, start eating, and I'd be at a room at five. And so he's just like late night, early morning, I go, no late night, you know? Are you, are you worried about like your cotton, so the ability to be like off, because you didn't sleep at all, or you take anything, or you just, you just locked in. No, I'm locked in, I'm locked in. I'm super locked in. It's only because I've done it for so many years like that, you know, through all the 20, some odd years of me prepping at that level, that I know myself. Now, I would, I definitely, the last couple of years, I'm like, I gotta get some sleep, okay. Right? The first year when I worked with Chris, it was hard because I believe that was when I want to say 22 was when we had them go, uh, hotty and Derek went one two, and then it was the first year I worked with Chris. And that was the year, it was even more difficult because of the fact that they were battling for the first. And then I wanted to make sure that they were going to peak right for the finals. So I went back to their room that night after pre-judging. And again, this was like one o'clock in the morning with 30, told them what to eat right after they got off stage. They ate, let the food digest, then look at one, then go look at the other, then by the time I ate, I'm like, okay, I'm not gonna go to sleep. I have less than an hour. I'm not gonna be able, it'll mess me up even more if I try to sleep and try to wake back up, then to just go all the way through. And I just went all the way through. Are they, are they staying at the wholesale sale everybody? Everybody was literally one floor away from the hospital. So I had hotty that year and Derek were on the same floor and then I think me and Chris were on the floor right above them. Okay. So we were all like if I'd get into the the stairwell of the hotel, I could just go up one, come back down one. It was so quick. Super easy. I mean, I just throw my flip flops. So I would always build a back right and then what I would do is I would always have all of these things like sweatpants, sweatshirt, all sweat shorts, flip flops because all of these things, you know, people like you want to be a Asian. I'm like, no, man, because I know I gotta just run and gun. Yeah. I gotta just boom, boom, boom, boom. Because the time you go to the next person, then you are looking at nothing next person, then you gotta go back and rotate it in again. So I would always try to make sure that everyone's together. One year I had to have Jay and Phil and Jay was at his house 20 30 minutes away and Phil and I were in the same hotel right next to each other and I'm like, man, after that, I think that was the most interesting thing. Yeah, I was thinking, what if he's you wanted to do a guy? So is that a different Airbnb? Yeah. Okay. And I'm like, no, man, we all make sure we're all in the same spot. And the same hotel, make sure everybody has kitchens. Okay. And everybody can just be able to be right next to each other. So that way, if I'm working with somebody just boom, A, B, and C, and then go back and rotate again. Okay. Yeah. But again, like I said, three, four, you know, people who want to had Jeremy and Nicole and Phil and we would have to, you know, it was a it was a revolving door in my room. What we would do is look at somebody, give them the update, then the next person update, next person update, then go back to the first person. But then I would eat or try to, because a lot of times I was like, my worst thing was this, I wouldn't eat all day. And then go into the, then start the rotation over again. And those are the things that was really tougher me. But yeah, to answer your question, that was a long answer to your question was that I wouldn't, you know, I would just, if I had short amount of sleep, I wouldn't sleep. Okay. Because I felt like it was harder for me to re-wake up again than it would be just a stay awake. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But so when you were going into this whole thing with, um, between the coaches and everything else, I guess the Tampa situation, now that you moved to Houston, what made you moved to Houston? I was just, um, really down, you know, um, the relationship wasn't really going well. Um, my body was, you know, usually if your relationship isn't going to go to the German, like get some aggravation out, but then, you know, I also couldn't train like I, like I couldn't really train. Um, so, you know, I'm not particularly religious, but, you know, so I, I made, I said there, it made a prayer and then as soon as I opened my eyes, I thought that there was something on the TV, you know, going on. Um, it said Houston, you know, so I was like, okay, well, maybe this is a sign. Um, so I got my stuff. I went out to Houston, stayed in some airBNBs for a couple months, and um, things start to get better. I found a physical therapist, something okay, cool. I can train. Eventually I started to get better. Um, I got some really good friendships out in Houston as well. Like, I had friendships out in Tampa, but nothing nearly as close. Um, obviously Joe, Joe's the closest guy to me, but like he's, you know, he has a family at the wife for three kids. He needs a busy man. Um, so, um, once I got there, I'm like everything's going better. This is where I need to be, so I got a place. That's awesome. And is that why you took long break, too? Um, we were going through all of that. Yeah, first-hand stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, definitely. Definitely. And now, when you're coming up, who are the guys that you're looking up to? You know, like, you said, you know, LeBraude, Sean Ray was the most of because the guys that were kind of similar in height, is that what you were like, gravitating towards? No, I mean, I'm a fan of just by building. I think a lot of people are fans of athletes and different things. I'm a fan of bodybuilding because like, I love Marcus Rool too, and he looks nothing like me, you know, really? But in particular, I have a couple different ones. I would say like, um, in terms of like mindset, I always liked a Jay color. He was probably my favorite. He was like, no nonsense. Just get it done type, you know, a person in terms of physique, Flex Willer was by far my, my favorite. And um, you're, you're actually physique is probably one of the closest to his. And like, the people you've mentioned so far, obviously, I'm Mark Schroel who's a big mass monster. You got Jay, who's kind of, you know, a combination. But you got somebody who's like, Flex and I look at your physique and, um, some of your best years and the best shows that you've when you've really peaked, then I go, wow, you know, I definitely see that. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, you know, it's crazy. I, I would have never thought what I got to compete on stage with him. I mean, obviously, I mean, and I beat him, but not, not nearly at his best, you know, his words would destroy me, but it was cool, Ben, in 20, I think it was 20, 17. He did to come back and get classic. Yes. It was, it was really cool, man. And like, I get the, the, uh, old saying of like, you don't want to ruin your legacy, but no one thinks of 2017, you know, there's still think of him as his best, but it was, it was a cool experience for everyone, everyone there, and he was, he was awesome backstage, but um, back to your question about my favorites. Um, you know, it's funny, I, I got the, I've been seeing feeling more often at shows and whatnot, getting to speak to him. And we talked about it too. I, between that rivalry with him and Kai, Kai, I was of huge Kai fan, and I think particularly because it's posing like Kai Green is the reason I got into posing so much, and then they kind of evolved once I started seeing the old school guys, you know, but Kai was a huge influence for a while, you know, because you would watch his videos, and I, I found other guys back in the day too, like Dexter and whatnot, they had you too, but they never really explained what they were doing. It was just like your birds, I view of what, of them training with, um, little Kai, he would talk to you and I'm like, oh, this is great. Like, this is why I'm doing this. This is the mindset you need to have blah, blah, blah, blah, and uh, yeah, I was, I was a huge fan of him when I started. That's awesome. And now, as your body's evolving and everything else, where's your mindset right now? I know your goals obviously when your next show, but where are the improvements that you think you're trying to make to be able to really stand out this year? I think the biggest thing is his size. I'm, I'm, you know, I'm pretty happy and cement you realize I'm pretty happy with what I've done this past all season, even throughout the, the injuries and whatnot. I was still able to train my hamstrings and that was a, a big thing and big goal for me. Um, another thing I've noticed is just how much better the backs are becoming in in classics. So another thing I could really really focus on, and I'm really happy with the progress there. Um, the only thing that I'm not quite happy with is the triceps, and obviously I wasn't able to do much in that regard. Because you're able. Yeah. Yeah. But overall, is it the side you pose on? Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is. But overall, I'm really happy and I think, um, just the same way you broke down West, because it was the biggest, how I look at my physical. I don't think a lot of bodybuilders actually sit down after shows and really sit there and critique themselves. You know, and then I don't think bodybuilders, even if they do that, they don't sit down and actually make a game plan. Like, they're like, I need to get my bat better and I'm like, what are you doing differently than last all season? Right. Like, I'm treating, um, at 100% I'm like, you should have been training the 100% the last like three, four years. You know, right? You know, so, um, that's one thing I'm, I appreciate about Joe was who taught me how to kind of adjust my training to what I need to focus on and what I need to kind of throttle back on it. And especially with classic with you have a weight limit, I've seen guys like they, they don't think about their weight limit. And they like, they get one body part like massive and they not have no, no more room to grow anything else, you know, right? So, uh, symmetry I think is is very, very important in class. Yeah. Very important and how far are you off your limit? I'll still think like, it depends on what they height me to be honest with you. I mean, uh, I've ever had a very show, uh, it's up to, uh, been heighted over 55 and the two times I haven't, um, you know, it's been an issue, but, um, if they height me where I'm normally am, I'll have most like another seven pounds, I'll be 10 pounds up from my last showing with another seven pounds to go. So, I was severely underweight, um, this the last lumpy I did and, uh, you know, I competed it around like 170 and, uh, and what's your weight, what's your weight class for the 55 to 56 level 187? Okay, and you weight into your last show at how much? About 170, yeah. That's your show. So, you got, you got a ways to go. Yeah, it's crazy. And that's, and that's what, that was, that's what makes me really optimistic and happy because, I mean, if I can place fifth place, uh, 17 pounds under the weight, I guess, you know, it's really, that's a lot more roof from improvement, where you got guys like, remoned really struggling, and, you know, I don't know, a lot of the other guys really struggling to make weight, you know. So, yeah, yeah, it's, it's a good feeling. Uh, out of all the guys that you got, you've competed against, do you have your favorites? I know that some people hang out backstage and they got some camaraderie, got any, got any stories or you have any connections you have with anybody in the, uh, in, in the show? My favorite is, definitely, uh, Michael DeBore, he's a top guy, um, was it the Sahara and Eagle, I think of the Desert Eagle, what he calls himself? He's the coolest man, and I'm just like the desert. He's like, he's like the desert. Honestly, man, I, I, a lot of respect for him, like he's, like, especially that year, I, I dropped from second to sixth. Uh-huh. He was actually backstage trying to help me, like, you know, you should do this, you should do this, you know, this is not, you know, you know, look, yeah. And a lot of people, they're not going to do that. They're going to go, yeah, he's doing wet. Bad, that's good for me. Yeah. So he earned, like, many times over that and every, every time I go to buy, he treats me very well, him in particular. Storywise, I don't, I don't know if I have anything crazy. I was there at Chris's first ever show. I mean, it's funny because our, remember, obviously Chris is like, really, really popular now, um, but seeing kind of, he thinks that's a little bit, yeah. He just thinks he, give him a big head, man. This man. Oh, no, I don't, I don't, I remember when he started. So I don't, I don't, I don't, he doesn't get that. You read his first show ever or you tell my first Olympia first pro show. Oh, okay. He lost to me and Darum Charles at that show. Wow. And it's hilarious, because every, every time I see his, he'll drop his shirt so what night. He's a, like, that was classic, right? Does this class? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't like to mention that first show he ever did, you know? Oh, because the next one, let's definitely talk about that. We got a rib Chris a little bit. So, no, he does, yeah, I know to see you like to start with that to rhyme to pro the next year, because that's when he started to really, really kill it. But yeah, yeah, I mean, it's, it's been crazy. You know, I, even to the point where, you know, I was sad to miss last year, because I thought I knew I thought everyone knew what apparently wasn't known, but I could have us where he said, it was that last year was his last year. Maybe he didn't know or whatever, but the little bit I saw it was his last year. And I also heard Brianna was, was leaving. So I was like, man, I'm going to be like the longest running competitor in classic now. Everyone, I started with is, is, is gone. Every single one. Yeah. Did you, did you think that Chris, especially being that you were at his first show and you beat him? You know, because you're, I don't like he said, I don't remember what he even placed at your. You said those third. He got third at the Diane, I could do classic. Yeah. There you go. So third behind you and in Darren. So I didn't dare on one, that show, right? Yeah. I won. And you took second and he took third. So did you ever think at that point that he was going to be a multi Olympia winner? No. He was nice. Yeah. I was laughing. I loved it. He's like, laugh before even answered that. No, I don't know. I, my brain doesn't even, I get it. I don't think does it think like that, you know. It was funny though, the person I was with at the time, she was very impressed by him. And she was like, wow, this dude was crazy. And I was like, I just beat this guy. Why are you, you know, what are you talking about? But, uh, she's like, you know, just trying to slide into his DMs. Oh, no, none of that. But, um, but, but it's, so, no, it's really cool to kind of see out things of, as transformed. And like it's motivating for me because, um, you know, my philosophy of body-building is like just self-improvement in general. And like, obviously, with in terms of the gym, I got that pretty downpad with seeing him, you know, excel in other aspects like business. That whatnot is really, really motivating and cool to see. Yeah, it's very much so. I think he brought a lot of eyeballs to the division. And, um, and I think that helps all of you because I think it makes it so much more kind of interesting when you have people who are not even into competing, start to follow journeys of people that it can be in it motivates them. Okay. A lot of people that either compete now because they were just inspired or they just create a whole new respect for what you guys do. Because I think what he did was really, uh, interesting was just that you open pull back the drape to see what that's like. And again, his vulnerability and everything that connection that he's always done, good job connecting with people. But in the past, it was always just like, you know, in my generation and all the people that I coached up up into him, it was always about like hiding the hardships. Right. It's like, you want to put on the tough guy image. You want to put on that that like emotional armor, I call it. And doing that, versus like man, crying, being okay with crying, talking about how you and your significant other are crying together. At least things because man, imagine you could shake out their going over there and start crying. Like, yeah, I can't even picture it. I don't like that. Exactly. Right. Because our generation didn't, that wasn't cool. Right. You got to show up and be a man and you're that's not man-linked to be emotional. Now it just shows that you could still be a man and be emotional and that it's okay. And so if you're going through it as well, you can relate and be okay with it instead of saying, I have to hide that and sweep it out of the rug. And I feel like that's what really helped people understand that we can be able to be both. Yeah. We're in the past. And if you had any kind of that, it was a weakness. But when you started, you know, coming up and you started moving forward with it, did you feel like, look man, I could always think I could win the Olympia or is this something where, I mean, where's your take on yourself? When I started, no, that wasn't the motivation. Honestly, I only thought was like, oh man, I would love to compete with if it sticks to checks. That was original thought. And then as I kind of grew, grew in the fell up, and whatnot. You know, I wasn't even thinking that far. You know, I was like, I'm more, I'm very much like a short-term type of thought process guy. Like my first goal was to, okay, let me win a amateur show, okay. And then, you know, I was able to win my first national show that was great. And then I took a year off because at the time, no class it, you know, so it was like, okay, how am I going to get into this two 12 division? I'm only like a hundred and fifty five pounds, you know? You know, it's funny. I'm still the fan of him today. But I really gravitated towards a Sean Carrita. I was a big fan of Sean. You know, Sean was, I think he had been a pro for a couple years now. And he was still climbing his way, but I could kind of see like, oh man, he's actually, he's smaller than I am. He's killing it. You know? But I didn't think I could win the Olympia to like, started to do well. And started to do really well in classes. So maybe after my first second Olympia's, okay, I can get there. Maybe not like immediately, but like if I keep doing what I'm doing, I know I can get to that goal. So right now with the current crop of the athletes, where do you think with Crispin gone now? And stepping aside, where do you see the current crop of the athletes? No, it's crazy. I'm going to, so I have, the way my brain works, I have things that I believe, but I also realize that I don't know like it's not a hundred percent. So I do believe I can win the Olympia. I'm very, I like just even just from like a we talked about like logically the weight thing. That's a really good cue right there, especially when I play second things like that. But I do think that like the top group of guys is not a change drastically. Obviously it's changing because Crispin bring out love, but even more so because the crop of kids I see coming up is it's insane. Like I can see those the talent that they have, the roundness of the body, the muscle belly, the symmetry and whatnot. It's well because when I started classic every, every couple years I think, okay, maybe this is the like the peak of that division. You know like this is kind of where it's going to stay. But each and every year I see crazier and crazier for Ziggs popping up out of nowhere, you know. And it's really, really cool to see. And I just think I just think it's going to change a bit over the next maybe two. Maybe not this upcoming year, but maybe the next two or three years I think the top five will change quite a bit because we see a lot of guys in the top five that kind of maxed out. But in my personal opinion I think a lot of top guys do have like very visible flaws here and here, you know. I don't want to break down everybody's physique. But yeah, I think each, if everyone realistic and looked at the top five you could notice one or two things. Sure. And each physique where they're missing something. But I see these group of kids coming up I'm like, dude, they're not missing anything. They just need the size. And with the way classic is you got that limit, right? You can't, it's not like body when you can keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Once you hit that limit, you start. You're stuck. So they're just catching up to you. That's right. So it's a cool thing to watch man just being a fan of the sport, but it's also a little scary like, oh man, I got to steal my shit. You know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When we, it's like life man, if you're not going forward, you're going backwards. And bodybuilding is always evolving. And it doesn't matter what division you're in. And you always have to try to improve. Because if you try to stay the same, you're going to get passed up. 100% 100%. And I mean, I've been all every, every place in the sport now. And I've seen it. You know, I kind of hit a plateau for a while. What in in 2022? I ended up, yeah, you see the guys were mowing, popped up out of no place. Second year you started coaching Chris, you know. And you can see it now with a remonstment kind of steady. And then you had guys like Wesley and Mike passed him up. You know, you're right. You got to keep, you got to keep evolving. Speaking of those guys, they're getting ready for the Arnold. It's four weeks out. Yeah. You got Wesley. You got Mike. Right. You got Wesley who won the Arnold last year. And you have Mike who took second to Chris at the Olympia. How do you see that matchup? First, I'm, I'm Lena Torres. Mike heavily, like I guess, was he right now is really, really incredible. Mostly with with the way class is we don't have as many poses. But his front double is is perfect in my opinion. I don't see any flaws in that pose. I think detail-wise, he's not, he doesn't have the most detail, especially in the upper chest for like the such as pose. And back double, upper back, beautiful. The hamstrings a little, a little thin from the back. So that would be my, my assessment there. But I think Wesley, I mean, you did his, his physique the other day. A critique. Yeah. Yeah. We're talking about just literally yesterday coming out. And so depending on when you listen to this podcast, if you haven't seen it, I did a rate your physique, bodybuilding breakdown. And my first person ever doing that with is actually Wesley who was on the podcast just before that. And I'm like, you know, I went through it. But like we were about to say, the way I looked at it, did you see anything different than when I broke it down? You're pretty spot on. I think the only thing is there's the lower body, you know, for sure. And that, I did like what you say, you said about the cast, there's no one I would talk about the cast. Like you can still win shows in place. Well, with not having great cast, but if you have it, it's like that unspoken thing. Like you don't, you maybe not, you maybe don't notice it, but once they have it is, it helps a lot. Absolutely. Even with men's physique division, right, when I was coaching Jeremy and I would always like, hey, man, we got to see on top of your caps. Yeah. Because anything you can see, you can do. And even with the quads, we would still train quads because you don't want to look like you're walking on your hands. You know, because a lot of guys would, right? And a guy that, you know, I would always turn around and be like, man, get your legs a little bit bigger, was Ismail Martinez. And now his legs are finally starting to come up, but forever, he didn't even fill in his shorts. And I'm like, bro, that's hurting you. Because it doesn't look right, even though you're wearing shorts, but now he's made improvements. And it's been great. But when I was working with Jeremy and we were on the roll for all those Olympia wins, I was always, you know, every aspect of anything that the judge is going to see even while close was important. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. You may not, they may not say it, but it's subconsciously there, you know, 100%. And when it's, if you have two athletes and it's right on the cusp, and one has calves and one doesn't, and whether it's a classic or it's even in men's physique, the judge is going to look at that. Yeah. I don't care what anybody says, because it's a body part. And when you are doing a front-to-bow bias app, in your arms are too big for your calves, it actually makes your symmetry worse. And people don't understand that. And that's another reason why when I used to train, come down here and train, um, all-ty, uh, Ronnie Coleman's girlfriend at the time 20 years ago, I would go in and train at Metro Fletcher and Ronnie would be doing some arms. And I'd look over at Ronnie and I'm like, hey, Ronnie, you want to do this, and that, you know, you know, you don't want to do that much with arms. And he goes, oh man, you know me, my arms are going to grow and make my calves look smaller. And I look over and he would do a front-to-bow bias. I mean, go check it out. And I'm like, oh, yeah, right, you know, because again, his arms would get so freaky that the bigger they would get, the smaller his calves would look. So again, always looking at the symmetry. And he was very aware of it in Congress and of it. So it was really good because he could have blown it out and got it even bigger if he would have trained his arms more. But he knew that it could actually hinder his speak. That's interesting. Yeah, yeah, that's why he's a best. Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, but he knew enough to be able to understand that because what you look at in the gym isn't what you need to look at when you're on stage. And sometimes because you have your belt on, you have your shorts on all of those things. You end up getting into like, how great do I look in the gym? No, it's not about how great you look in the gym because you have perfect lighting. You've got a gallon of water, your sodium's high, you know, especially if it's after you know a high carb meal or a heart carb day or a cheat day. And you look like you're all blown out with a magic light because you got that natural light that come in and it out. Yeah. And you're just like, whoa, here you go. But when you really break it down, you have to turn around and be able to break it down and look good in bad light. You got to look good with your posing trunks on or your underwear all hyped up when you're wearing boxers in the gym and you're pulling them off. And you're like, okay, I'm 12 weeks out. How's my waist to shoulder ratio? How's my quad sweep? Is my hands dropping on my side chest? My calves popping on my front double by all of those things. So again, it's, it's that crazy attention to detail that you need to be able to geek out on so that you can be able to do that. And those grades understand that. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a really cool. That's really cool. Yeah. So I think, you know, when you're really breaking down, I do think Mike's got it for the normal physique, but it's going to be interesting because I think with that much mass, it's going to be so different than, again, that's why they say he's got like a more of a body builder's body. Okay. And that's going to be interesting as he evolves. Like again, understanding kind of where the cap is and when to come down a little bit lighter and show out some more detail versus I want to be blown out a little bit more because I want to have a little more mass in certain poses. Okay. So it's going to be interesting is what I think because again, he's now starting to catch a stride. So being able to go back to back shows between the Olympia and Arnold and then Wesley kind of dipping from the last Olympia in saying, I want to get back and become a better version of what I was at the Arnold last year. But I think the other thing is that what do you think about Ramon were he's at? I got a question for you, but I answer that first. We talked about it on the other day. I thought it was interesting because this all began when he lost the Wesley at that previous Arnold. He did that six week prep. And just look, I remember the video, him and Chris were training together and he didn't look six weeks out. He looked like he could compete at any time. He was shredded. He was big, but obviously I'm guessing he was way over his weight cap. I think that's the issue a lot of guys are going to start the struggle with is like if you start to get too much over your weight cap, it's going to be more and more difficult to peak. I mean, I'm not an expert in that, but that would be my guest is to why he's been struggling. And even to the point, I remember after that show, he's like, I'm going to start training heavier in this and that. I'm like, I don't know, man, I like if you start training heavier, you're going to gain even more muscle and it's going to be even more difficult. And I personally, just from a bird's eye view, I think that's what could happen. But I don't know. Yeah, absolutely. A lot of that comes back at you because when you have a stretched out physique, it's like a balloon. And when you grow into that frame, it's really hard to bring it back and look sharp and look detailed. So when you have to come back for a particular body part when you start to your midsection gets blown out and you're trying to bring it all back in, it makes that very difficult. When you're a weight class and you're trying to like in classic, bring it back down and you've overgrown. Now all of a sudden you've changed your actual structure and then the muscle around your skeletal frame doesn't fit the same anymore. So it would be very similar to if Chris had to keep coming back and trying to come in, looking as impressive. Well, now all of a sudden he's looking impressive at 252 in open and then trying to shrink back down to 242 is going to get a different look because he started to grow and look his best actually being fuller and heavier versus being smaller and tighter. And it's re-structured, your frame just starts to get rearranged about it. You know what I think I thought of a good example. Like our member when Flex was still Flex Lewis was still competing. People said he I think I don't know how much he weighed. Maybe 220 is something like that. Our member back in the day was saying he would look so so crazy at that weight and even though he still won those Olympia titles, but he would look less impressive once he got down to that 212 mark. And I think that's probably kind of kind of where my mind goes with that. Yeah, dirt on to pretend to think. Yeah, good point, good point. Yeah. But you know, so looking because again, I love to kind of get an idea of what's going on in class and what not. And I remember Wesley saying he thought his Olympia, like he might have changed his mind since I said I don't know if you guys talked about it on the podcast, but originally he said that he thought he looked better at the Olympia than he did at the Arnold, even though the placing was much worse. I even looked at some photos. I don't know if you had a chance to and I thought I was like, okay, I could kind of see that you know photos don't show the whole picture there. Really one, one second of a second. But I thought the same thing, I was like man, he actually does kind of look better at the Olympia and the poses that saw. What did you guys kind of kind of go over there? What? Not really. He didn't bring that up. And we didn't compare the two. I just remember seeing what I saw. Yeah. But there's two things. Number one, and the most important thing, it's who you're standing next to. That is a very good point. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So when you're standing next to people like remote being off and beating them, again, remote was not on. Yeah. For sure. You know, at the Arnold and you beat them. But coming in and then having guys like Irrs at his all-time best, as the Irrs was his best ever. Mike at his all-time best. And then you have, I believe it was who was in, uh, Posema. Yeah. Yeah. Him and I think, uh, in Breon. Breon. Yeah. Yeah. In Breon. And those guys, it's a whole different set up. Very good point. Right. So it's also a bit of that as well. So when you do that, and then also there's something called a hype train. Right. Yeah. And you want to write it, which you don't want to write it off a cliff. And sometimes you write that shit right off the cliff. It was getting crazy. I remember it. Yeah. It was getting crazy. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. And I think that that can also get ahead of it when it comes to everybody. Because then what ends up happening is the expectation is unrealistic. And so they're like, everybody's like, okay, the hype is growing, the hype is growing, the hype is growing. He's going to be the next Arnold. He's going to do this. He's going to do that. And then it's a lot of, and that's again, we talked about pressure when I had him on the podcast. And that pressure, I feel like a really got to him because he had so much attention after he won. And now it's a little piece of that, like, man, this is a, be your potential that's being met. You know what? I got, it really is. You know, obviously Chris has his pressure. What not, but placing it like bin in that number two spot is a lot too because everyone's, it's a lot, you know, especially with me dealing with that at the time. And then remember, a remond was just starting to, you had his whole dinosaur army like, that's not army. Well, it is a lot. It is a lot to kind of manage and to deal with. And yeah, you know, I spoke to you and I asked you like kind of how you deal with your athletes. And obviously a lot of coaches don't have that experience helping their athletes deal with that type of pressure, you know. So it is, that's the whole other aspect that a lot of people don't think about, you know. Yeah. And again, you know, a lot of people ask me how I do it and just to give you a little taste of that, it's understanding the personalities and trying to figure out the Evan flow. It's emotional judo, right? Judo is a lot of push and pull. And when you're working with an athlete, you gotta figure out what motivates them and what doesn't. And then if you know that this is not working and you've got to shift your attention on more positivity or it's not that it's negative but just finding those things so that they can fill the check marks in their brain and getting, hey, man, you could still do this this and this better. Some people are going to feel better at being able to really understand that I need that extra 5% tell me about that extra 5% so I can make sure that I obsess about it. And other people say, I need you to really focus on that extra 95% and again, I'm used to dealing with those people, those high achievers, like the Phil Heese of the world, we're always about like when he had when he was on like dream killer mode, it was always just about trying to, it was never enough. It was never good enough. And you know, again, you ask him, I probably told him he's good enough, you know, like two or three times and he wants seven Olympias, right? And arguably you should have won that 2010 or two and he took second to Kai. And but that's what set him up and I said, look, man, if you could look that good in place second, if you come in even better in 2011 then everyone's going to have problems. I don't care who it is and that was right after Jay coming in his best in 2009 and that was right after getting beat by Kai and after looking crazy but you got to have somebody who can handle that pressure and it's pressures are going to either make you crumble or they can turn you into a diamond and not everybody's going to be able to handle it the same way. And there's only so much a coach can do but at the end I always tried to be able to kind of figure out which pressure how much and what can be able to do to harden them into into that diamond. And so it's a lot of that being able to figure out digging deep and again some people just fake it till they make it they're good for a little while and then all of a sudden they crumble because it's just they can only handle so much and I again I remember hearing stories and something I want to go and speak to Flex we'd love out but him having some of the best in the world arguably some of the best ever and then having rappers of Wendy's underneath this car seat during prep going into the drive-through that self sabotage sometimes that's relieving the pressure because you're self sabotaging so that you don't want to have to live up to because what if I do win now I got to come back and win again that or even to the point was like what if I did give him out all and I still didn't win you know there you go yeah there you go and that's exactly it so again I think that's a good conversation to have with Flex and you know with everything he's been through but I do feel that it's every person is different and you need to feel out what really motivates that person okay yeah so you know again and then having to be able to reset and repeat it's not something that if you're going to use the same exact formula with every year you always have other things going on I remember when Phil lost his dad you know you have Jay where he was going through a divorce I mean dude like there's all there's like life changing moments that are going on with people and you're trying to do that but you're also trying to win a show so there's so many different things and they they affect you it's just a matter of how can you be able to shift your energy but still try to get that outcome that you want which is when the Olympia so now you're going to have to do the same thing yeah yeah I mean the last time the last of my I got out of the voice and said out of year I went from 9th to 2nd so you know hopefully we do a repeat were you married or no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah a lot of yeah GES didn't have kids right okay okay yeah yeah but you guys were together for the while yeah my but two two two two and a half years yeah yeah I'm sure not not super super long but you know years yeah well any marriage is marriage and it's emotional bond and yeah but now you know I can tell the energy man is building up you know what I yeah yeah I'm feeling a lot better it took a while I like you know I felt like I was like on autopilot for like all the 2024 and it's kind of shitty but you know finally getting back into feeling like myself and getting things done you know it is great you know yeah it's really nice that's good the last person I do want to get your critique on because he's one of the top five guys and he's actually gonna be here in a couple weeks it's gonna be hers man what do you think of hers when I say the name hers what comes to mind I think he's like one of the most positive guys he's really good at like he's really good for the sport I think you know with how open and he is with training with people in the whatnot I think I think it's great I really do outside of the outside of that physique wise I think you think he was at his best I think he's very consistent I don't like even I know he he didn't place the little at the owner I think he's he's really really consistent I mean even though I mean he placed he's placed third whatever year he's been at the lumpy I think he's more consistent than probably anyone competing I think the only thing is maybe a little bit more truss out a little bit more back but his his taper from the front is really really nice like that his front double is really really nice how he's structured and his conditioning is is top notch still not nice so yeah yeah that's what that's my my thoughts on that that's awesome that's awesome so now is there anything else you want to share right now because I know we're going to get ready to go blast a workout is there anything else that you want to glitch it fans know that is coming up because again you're what 15 weeks out now he's yeah a little on a 15 weeks and then I guess how much have you do you think you want to share with fans like where you want what you're going to land yeah I think I'll be 10 pounds 10 pounds heavier from your last showed from my last roughly two years ago full visit been oh yeah it's been a minute yeah it's wow but yeah I think I'll be about 180 so I think I'm really happy that it's still hopefully another seven pounds of room you know that the weird thing is like will I need that I don't know with with me being shorter you you tend to get like all you should switch to two 12 you know like you get those comments a lot quicker than like a taller guy at his wake up yeah because I our member watching Chris like even like two three years ago it's like Chris Chris could win an open show like two three years ago and but like there's no literally nobody else no no a tall person no short person that could just literally just a couple of these later win an open show he besides him but yeah I don't know we'll see how my physics looks looks at 180 and I will we'll we'll go from there well I can't wait man we're going to go blast some shoulders some arms maybe a little bit of some other exercises I know you want to try some of the other ponata equipment and we'll see kind of see where you're at and you excited I'm excited yeah yeah you know it's from a till I'm a till I'm a till the audience you know I talked to I talked to honey on the phone the other day he's a hey man you know on the podcast he's like you know if you got something like deep dark secret that you've never told me anybody you want to shed a known to podcast you know just let us know and I really do what it really is that's like I don't have any I don't have anything crazy uh it's it's it's it's it's why it's called the truth I said man that was the time you got something you want to share that you had never something special I said I used to I said deep dark I didn't even see deep dark secret I could get you arrested bro I don't need you to do that but I said if you have something that's special that you have not shared with your audience and your followers because you've built a pretty good following you know and you got some hardcore fans man you're like I call you the will I am a body of the bro because you remind me because you're chill you know you got this it like this positive energy to you you got a great personality and I feel like you know I want to be able to say hey if there's some stuff that you want to share then yeah you know if there's something in there that you want to be able to kind of get that corodians to be able to kind of you know say hey man I really hadn't touched that on that yet but I wouldn't mind at some point I mean you know it's funny when like in my mind I think everything I go through is it's normal I guess you know people lots of people going through divorce lots of people have injuries you know they they've not been able to do the things they wanted to do the only thing I say it's definitely it's definitely been a like a rough couple years and the years of kind of flung by you know like I was like oh man it's been three years since I was like top two you know and you know like he's been every year there's like something something to have and I'm like oh well you know next year we better because like I won't have the guy in all surgery I have to get around I won't lose 20 pounds from a sickness you know like starting prep or whatever it may be and there's always something and you you never know when your time is up you know so that's always a little scary you know again being a friend of the sport I've seen guys even like like branch you place second ones never never happened again you know so you want to hope in which you want to be optimistic like okay the time is still coming I'm still young or whatever but then you also have that fear in the back of your head like oh man what have I've already seen like the best of my my time on the stage you know maybe I won't get this none of the shot maybe there's new up and come a guy's like I'm gonna take that that thing that I had that opportunity to get but I let XYZ kind of get in the way of that from happening so I really know I'm still working my way through that doing my best to stay positive keeping a steady mind doing it like try to keep it keep my mind filled with it's much positive and motivating things as I can there's a lot of times what people do is they'll let their mind be filled with like negativity especially when you get bigger on social media when that and like Nick does a great job at it like Nick is fantastic like I was like holy crap Nick Walker okay I was like bro you taking a lot of shit from missing that you handle it very well but a lot of people that let that negativity really really get to them you know I know there's a lot of other pros out there that don't handle it very well and you know it affects me but like I said I tried to push to decide and I remodivational books podcast things like that I've been watching a lot of bodybuilding content lately anytime I see myself I'll quickly get off the thing but I still love it you know so you know hopefully you know I think of I think of people in the journeys you know obviously Chris is journey wasn't like perfect but like more so than other people's like he's an example of like how to do everything right somewhat the first time and you know reach your goals without much much you know push back I would hope my at the end of my journey that it shows people that you can make mistakes as long as you keep getting back up you can kind of get to that goal you want to get to it's never too late to keep pushing and keep trying it's down and back up absolutely now I think the key in what you just said is the positivity part people don't understand that it's okay to be nervous it's not true right but you do not want to sweep things under the rug you need to be proactive in nature and as long as you have a plan and you're executing on that plan and you make sure that you're eating your food you're training all this and you got your top five Olympic a guy right even is high second in the world and I'm telling you this it's something that is needs to happen daily that daily affirmation needs to be had so you can turn around and be tough on yourself but at the same time you got to give yourself some grace and say I have the plan and as long as I'm doing all of the things that I'm supposed to do with my cardio my training my mental mindset making sure my recovery is on point my massage is every aspect of my plan is going through I'm going to be better every day right I'm going to get better I might have an off workout here and there it's never going to be perfect but as long as you know that everything in your plan is being executed properly you can know in your mind and in your heart that you're putting 100% into it it's the anxiety that comes in it's the little devil that shows up on your shoulder that kind of talks you out of doing things and then subconsciously you're not going to do the cardio as much or you're not going to be able to do the training as hard you're not going to be able to eat your meal because now all of a sudden the anxiety is is kind of coming in on you and your missing meals you're not sleeping enough all of those other things and all of those things are needed to become a champion so you just need to be able to get back on the horse and be able to do the things that you know you can do because you've done it before that's it but you have to stay positive with that okay it's not doesn't mean you can't be hard on yourself and say hey man I'm going to really make sure I'm going to bust out that workout but you have to be positive and continue to keep that in your mind in the right positive frequency because if you don't and you got to be able to talk about it too and you got to be able to say hey look we killed it this weekend I ended up doing back in biceps I did this I did that this is all the good things that came over but I'm going to change up a couple of things because I want to be able to make sure that I feel a little bit more than I try set you can always try to room for improvement okay but it's a balancing act you got a feet on the positive first then be able to become better at the things that you think that you could improve on for the next workout or the next week or the next session make sense yeah so you got to just yeah man because you have all the tools you just have to continue that process because that's making your body and your mind stronger together yeah yeah yeah yeah man you got to take that self doubt and throw that shit away that's it yeah okay okay you know real quick you know I I guess I built up a reputation of being a very humble and it's because I don't like to be wrong and that's probably the more so rings and I'm I'm humble you know but you know I love the the Bancerecy with guys competing you know like the confidence it would not and I kind of will do that sometimes but then I'm like man what a from wrong you know but like I do I do want what I would love to do this year is to kind of make things really exciting you know like it's cool that everyone's very nice and I don't mean to say we shouldn't be nice but like I feel like we should have a little bit more of that confident talk that a little bit more that that shit talking classic just to make it a little bit more fun for the the athletes I mean athletes but the the fans you know yeah what was your was your opinion on that I think you got to do it comfortably because if something is done disingenually yeah it comes across as being kind of like outward facade okay and it's like you kind of fake it and people can see through it and then they go man that's just it's not really him okay but if you turn around and you go all right I want to be able to sit down and say okay I'm looking better and I can't wait to bring it and you start layering and like can't wait to get on stage with so and so and so and so and so right because I don't know who's doing Pittsburgh right now who's gonna find Joe Zima Michael DeBull and I don't have to pronounce this correctly but uh oh Carlos Carlos Donmar okay yeah very impressive yeah my lot of all those guys right because they all have their strong points and I think they're it's gonna be a really good line up so again it's okay to do that but if you you don't want to have to trick yourself and put yourself out there it's got to feel very natural my big thing is other that not so much me it's more so I don't want to offend anybody because I still want to be friends with everybody and I don't want like body a lot of body wheels can be very sensitive especially during prep yeah and I've already seen that with certain guys I'll make a joke and they like they give reals oh okay my bad man yeah but that's the biggest thing you know but yeah but you gotta remember one thing about that as long as you're getting some positivity out of it meaning hey man I'm I'm going I'm feeling good about myself yeah and I'm put you know again going out there and I'm gonna whip some ass everybody has their own way of doing it but everybody I've worked with that has been a top to your champion has their own formula they don't make it up it's one of those things it's just their inner like you look at Jay he never turned around and being like talking to all that crazy crap right like anything that they did that they talked crap was backstage it was all made up right when they did the whole thing with Ronnie and him and triple H back in the day and stuff like that they told me to do that right but when it comes to the fact that just be you but be okay with being hey man I can't wait to get on stage with someone so you know because just make it natural that's the whole thing because it's okay if you want to say can't wait to hit that's back double by step stand and next to someone so and so and so okay you know the main but that's totally you know again you're doing that for the fans but make sure you're doing it for yourself first okay that's it you know because don't make yourself get all paranoid because you posted something and then now all of a sudden oh man this guy might be taking it the wrong way you guys are there to compete you guys are there to get up on there and there and this is like gladiator match but on stage so but be okay with it and don't sit there and have the second guess it because then it's just gonna get to get it yeah is any getting your head have fun with it you know yeah yeah okay okay that's good that's it brother I can't wait to see your next rendition of you because you got you know this is the first time I see you a little bit big in your shirt there bro I'm not used to seeing you that big in the shirt so it's good and it's good yeah so we're gonna go ahead guys and we're gonna get this workout in and man I really appreciate you coming out and let's have some fun you're ready I'm ready yeah yeah all right man so again guys thanks to rough diesel for coming in honey ramp on rough diesel and that's the truth

=== FILE: TRAINING BACK W  AXEL MARTINEZ [b5X16Vg4biU].txt ===

Alright guys, here with none other than Elineo himself, we got Axel in the house and it's time to get huge We're going to do something very special today, what we're going to do is a lot of you had gone on to my social ask me questions about can you get huge 30 minutes and my answer is absolutely and we're going to show you how we're going to do a 30 minute workout You guys can follow, you should not take you more than 30 minutes and you can absolutely crush it in 30 minutes I like it, my good friend says, you're gaining stimuli, doing a nightly, with the same time, we've got to kill it, kill it, good So you want to make sure you go next month, so very minute, 30 minutes Yeah, I know, when he's fast, I know that you kill him like you two minutes Yeah, we did it, literally the next time we'll be just maybe one second Yeah, remember when we're at him, when we're at him, let's do it, you ready? Okay, so guys again, no excuses, I'm going to show you a 30 minute backward out that he's going to absolutely crush So, let's do it, let's do it, there you go, that's it, 30 minutes, we're going to crush this workout You ready? Yeah, take a free workout, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's do this, let's start down, pull down, so tip on these lap, pull down, make sure as you're coming down, you're arching your back, bring your elbows down, your hands as books, and drive those elbows down and then in towards your spine Good, good stretch, good squeeze, good going, good on these warm up sets, about between eight to twelve reps Good, what's that, go, it's two more, one more Go, good job, it just opened up, yeah, with Flavor was that, good new one, good two pop, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why that's where they call it picture pop It's just pop, top off your shaker cup, the donning, super back, get your butt back, they're different, right there, good, yeah, pull, there you go, good All right, so if you did something that a lot of people make mistakes, they have their hips too close and then they lean back, now your shoulders are closer to being right above your hips, and you pull, just like you're doing a pull Good, again, good, one of us, one of us Good, for unance bigger, Scuno moss, means one more That's it, this is a pro tip, increased blood flow Good, good, it's fixed, come on, let's go Okay, you see your hips, get back again, right there, good, there you go, good, good, good, good, good, good back like this Okay, there you go, good. Good, you're just back like that. Good, good, good. Good. Go, three, give me a, four, go. Five, go, six, good. Seven, good all the way down to your chin. Come on, everybody's watching. One more. Hold all the way down to your chin. Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it. Hold it, hold it, five seconds, four, three, two, now go up all the way in half way down. Go, partial, one, two, go, that's it. There you go. Now we're going to go one more heavier, we're going to be in weight two minutes. Give him the full rest, then we're going to go ahead and be able to do that final set. You need some blood in there? Yeah, good. Good, good, two, good stretch and both, three, good. Four, five, come on, six, come on, seven, good. Go, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull, pull. Oh, five seconds. Four, three, two, good stretch. Good stretch, keep stretch and that partial. Let's go. Come on, come on, fish start. Partial. One, two, that always happens to the fish out. Good job. My four arms. Oh, yeah, good. Your four arms will grow too, because they're small. It's right. So, again, if you do have weak forearms, you're going to give out, use only on the working sets, your straps. Remember, do not rely on those on the lighter sets. Only if your hands are going to go to failure in your four arms before your back. So, let's go. Now, we're going to go into a row. Yeah. Yeah. Working over there. Yeah. Right. Right. So, you have to say hi here and say, all of all here. Oh, yeah. That's the Mexican. Yeah. Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, yes. Yes. I don't want to speak to you. You should say all of that. Yeah. Hello, everyone. Hello. How do I say everyone? I told you. Hola todos. Hola todos. So, Hola todos. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hola todos. Like that? Yeah, like that. You did good. I've been to your repair for him. There you go. He's stretched. That's it. Good. Good. Good. He's warm up. Yeah. That's it. Good. Just do that. He's resting. Good job. Good for him. Put that back. Thank you. And it's 30 seconds. Good. Thank you. How was that way? Easy. Easy. But I do straps. Maybe almost 100. But I don't know. Maybe. Okay. So let's go about 75. You're next up. You just do five reps. I don't know. No straps. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Good. Good. Again, guys, another warm up. This is a mid tier warm up. So about six reps. It's a good feeling. Set. Two. Three. Four. Five. Good job. Put that back. So we went to the mid 50s. Then we were up. Around 79. Now we're going to go straight to 100. And these are third set. Which is going to be our working set. We're going to do the free way 101. What is that? Cieniuno. Ciento Uno. Yeah. That was close. Yeah. One. Higher. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Two more. Nine. One more. Hold it. Good job. And don't hit. Good job. Good job. Good. Let's arm. One question. You. We need to rest between. Yeah. You're a little higher. Yeah. You're a little higher. Tacher breath. You can wait up to a minute. If you're a minute. Yeah. Otherwise, you know, let your heart rate still be good. But don't. If you're a really tired, give yourself some time. Yeah. You want to look five minutes, seven minutes. Come on. Let's go. No rest. That's it. That is the right. Nothing for me. Nothing for you. Because you're trying to go have a vacation. Let's go. Yeah. How do you say vacation is bad? I see. That's not good. Fuck off the old. This is a semester. No more. I'm not. I'm not. Or are they? Or are they waiting? Or are they waiting? Oh. Good. You see how your journey of the ambulance is straight. Straight. Yeah. Straight. Straight. Good. Straight. Good. Straight. There you go. Good. Good. Good. How many that? Good. Good. Oh, squeeze. Good. Control. Good job. Excellent. Good. Let's just go. Shut up. I need it. Exactly. Good. Good. It's two. Good for. Hmm. Four. Five. Go. Go. Go. Seven. Go. Seven. Go. Go. Okay. Good. Go. Partial. Partial. Good job. Good job. Woo. Now you're working. Now I'm the one who's the ass right. Let's go. I go ahead and rest. We're about a minute. And then we do the next side. Two. Three. Five. Five. Seven. Keep going. Hmm. Partial. Go. Good. Partial. One more partial. Come on. That's it. Good job. We got to put it back three times. Two. Two stretch. Okay. So what you need to do is. It's you. Yeah. Any of the blocks. Okay. Yeah. Don't. Good. Good. All the way back. All the way back. Good. Again. Good. Good. That's it. Good. Take the pulley off and put a plate on. How is it? Perfect. Perfect. Go inside. Go inside. Go inside. Go inside. You got this. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. A little more stretch. There you go. Good. Perfect. That's perfect. Chest up. Good. Good. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Come on. One. Slow. Now we're going to do negative. Hold it. So again, we're doing negative here. That means I'm helping. Go up. Positive. Hold it. Hold it. See as he holds it. The eccentric one more like that. Up. Hold it. I'm going to let go. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good. That's it. That's it. Good. Good. Good. One. Good. Good. One. Go. Two. Come on. Three. Four. Five. Come on. Six. Seven. Come on. Three more. Three more. Go. Good. Go. Go. Go. Good. Good job. Good job. Good job. Who's heavy as fuck these? I don't think it hurts. He's heavy as fuck. Too heavy. My die. If you die, see die is. But I die in no more skin to bitch. That's right. Okay. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. There were not two minutes. Yeah. Those were my two minutes. Let's go. Come on. One. Two. Three. Five. Good. Come on, Axel. Come on. Finish. Go. Three more. Go. One. Go. Two. Good job. All right, guys. So count down from 30 minutes. So that is how you get a good back workout in 30 minutes. No bullshitting. Don't waste time working out with somebody that you're seeing. They're talking about their girlfriend, your girlfriend. Your girlfriend is going to say, you're a man. You're going to do somebody is no longer going to date you. What you got to do is make sure you put the phone away. You focus on the workout and if you can do that, you can get four amazing exercises. You'll be able to really best the timer. Be able to take your back to a whole other level. We did a lot pull down. We ended up doing one on the bull rows. Then we did a t bar row and then we went and did a back row. especially because he has so much real estate to put on that muscle and we're trying to bring that turtle shell look to his back So it's really starting to form again. He's up about 40.50 pounds and very very excited to see what he's going to be doing next because every time I'm seeing him his body is growing bigger bigger But you guys let me know in the comments if you think he's definitely if he's looking bigger or not and What workouts you'd like to see so put it in the comments below We'd love to listen to your comments so we can be able to give you what you need and we're gonna go ahead and do a Q&A So if you haven't seen the Q&A yet, you're definitely going to see the Q&A that we're putting together and a podcast So you're going to be able to go on my channel and check it out on the truth. It's gonna be a first time first time on my podcast Yeah, so it's gonna be a good one. I was a work out You killed me like every time It's a very work out there Every time it's a the same but You're crazy It's insane. Well, you're doing good, but again, he's getting way stronger. He's a 60-70 pounds and now he's going 110 on one on double We're huge difference. So now what do we do next? We're gonna go back. We're gonna do protein 75 grams so that's three scoops. We're gonna do two scoops of Like-eject unflavered and then we do one scoop of Creatine five grams so that's the post-workout shake right now to be able to maximize the absorption of the creatine The protein as well as the carbs so that you can be able to get all of those different macros to be able to get right into the muscle So super important and you want to do that even before you leave the gym. So ready? Great The offseason bulk is real That's got it It's inch a lot of one day Twist your leg showing to the shoulder but shoulder go back Just like that there you go that out Good job. Good. Now see, let's see your back a little nicer. Good, nice back pump. Good. Good, don't move back too much. Right there, hold that. Yes, hold it, hold it. Don't shake. Make your fist, get it, make it this way, hold that. It's actually, hold it. Five seconds. Four, three. That's it. Two. Good job, though. Always trigger this. Yeah, and we'll show you your arms, trigger this too, because that's not getting any better peak. You're last breath, turn around and do your blotch bed. Good. Good. Good. Good. Don't move back so much. That's it, good. Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it. Five, four, three, two, one. Good job. Good job. Backstay, thicker, wider, and definitely much more 3D. It's coming. How many? Yeah, and then do one of the most muscular and then no one's here. Once you've more trapped, I'm going to try to see where the list is. Let's see. Come on, more cardio, more cardio, more cardio, more cardio. Back up a little bit, back up a little bit, there you go. There you go. Yeah. Step on. Yeah, hold it. All of that, hold it, hold it. Chin up, Chin up, I got a big one, hold it, five, four, three, two. Good job. Woo! Yeah. Good job. You got a good scope? Yeah. What? Isn't that too crazy, but? It's growing. Yeah, bring down a little bit so you can see your clots right down here, just let's go. Right there, there you go. Good. Good. There you go. Good. Good there. Good. Good. Good. Good job. There you go. Good. Now, it's time for your shake. It's a little bit shakey. Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. Today's door is on, go. I'm shaking. Oh, good. Good. Yeah. You're dripping. You want to put some extra salt in your... No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not going to drop. I don't think you've... There you go. No, I need to shake it because it's too much. Oh, you're a professional. Yeah. Yes. I'm learning. Yes. More. I'm going to lick that half of the other half. Because the other one is small. There you go. Perfecto. Please, that guy. That's you. Ha ha ha ha ha. In a few years, this is the new salted caramel. By the time you see this, this will be available. Brand new flavor. I don't think it. You like it? Yeah. I was thinking if I will try it, but he's good. Yeah. He's good. Awesome. So again, make sure protein, carb, and creatine. The VCC makes it really, really good. You want to be able to get the treat the e-look on recovery recovery. And definitely get the absorption of the creatine postwork out. Again, the most important time postwork out. Again, make sure you're consistent in taking your supplements because that's why they work. These are not drugs. These are supplements. So you have to supplement them on a regular basis to get the best benefit. Thanks for that. So again, guys, honey, lamb bite, axle.

=== FILE: TRAINING LEGS W ERIC JANICKI [P2HXFSzxZK8].txt ===

Alright guys, I'm here with Eric Janaki and we are ready to hit quad. We're gonna do legs, but I guess are you normally used to splitting your quad and hamstring or do you do like quad with a little lamb and do quad dominant and dominant? I do a little bit of the other. So I do have like twice a week, since my hamstrings are not good at all, pretty good dog chips. I do, I make sure to hit hamstrings both times, but I always got kind of due balance, but like one day is a little bit more hamstring focus, but I love to do kind of like a balance day with you. Or if you want to just do quad today, it's really cool. Yes, you're the master. Again, he trains twice a week legs. He has a quad dominant, but it does hamstrings, and then he does a hamstring dominant. And we're gonna work around that together and be able to truly pick the support. So he has some really good stuff to take back home. I'm just plunging it today guys. He also said we could try to break my ribs to make my way smaller, but I said maybe maybe next trip will do that. Yeah, so the Jake color part. And then we'll barbecue him and throw him sauce on there, because that's what we do in Texas. Two good. Good. Come on, Eric. Go. Good. Good. Good now, let's go ahead and go to his pointed. Good. Huge, huge, huge quad. Let's go. Keep it rolling. Keep it rolling. Keep it going. Come on, buddy. Keep it going. Go, go, go, go. This is where I feel you can actually add a little bit of tempo, just a little bit. Go. Good. Good, go. There you go. Keep going. Good. Great job. Keep in your hips down. Good. Keep going. You got four. One. Go. Go. Tow, toe, toe, toe, three. You got two more. You do way more than you thought. One more. Good now. Give me part from the bottom. Good stretch. Half way up. Good. One, two, three. Up, one more. Good job. Good. Good. backwards. Booth. Whoa. That's a lot of stuff right in there. Good. That looks good all after. Yeah. You do. And that's why I don't know why more people won't talk about that. Because it's something that I've been doing for the last 20 years. It's been like your foot position has a lot to do with it. Not just back in the day, it would be like, okay, toes and toes out, doing all those things. But literally just going toe straight, you do feel like you're in that upper claw, you know, the rest of the Morrison, everything that you just mentioned, you're going to feel that in a different, it's going to hit different. So that's why doing those things are going to add up again. It's not going to be overnight, it's like a 1% 1% 1% 1% adds up. Very cool, man. Good. Good. Good. Good. Drive. Good. Good. Now we're going to go toes pointed. This roll. This roll. Let's go. Go. Tose pointed. Go. Good. You can get that glued down. You're going to stretch and you're going to drive. Excellent. Good. Good. Again, keep that took point like a ballerina. Go. Again. Go it. Again. Again. Come on. There you go. Easy, easy. Oh, yes, this leg is strong. Go. Good. Toto, toe, toe. Now, part. Go, toe, toe. Now, part. Go. Go. Right there, good. Again, toe, toe. Again. Again. One last one. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Put it off. You're in the back. Good job. It's one leg. Good job. You're in the back. You're in the back. pull that. You're gonna hold that, you're gonna hold that for 10 seconds. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. Good job. There you go. Good. Okay, so position. Toe position is going to be a regular. Toe's up towards the ceiling for the first four and then we're gonna go to the toes point. Let's go. Come on here. Yeah, rock and roll. Good. Bend that and stretch out that upper claw. Good. And then you're going up. Good. Good, good, good, good, good. Again. Good. Excellent. Again. Good. Right off the bottom. Excellent. Toe. Out point. Got a point. Point, point, point, point. Good. Good. Good. Point. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Again. Good. Okay, now we can pick up the tempo now. Go. Five, four, three, slow, a little bit. There you go. Right, there's a little bit. There you go. Right, there's a little bit. Bad, it's good. Good. Slow it down. Two, two, two, two, two, one more. One more. You got partial, let's go. One, two, and you're done. That's it. That's it. Good. Awesome. Good. That's your breath. Catch your breath. Now go right back into that front relaxed pose and let's just hold that for a few seconds and just see how that feels. Right? And then we push that there you go. And then we'll do a little bit more. That's it. Just right there. All the way up into the cabin. Good. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Good job. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So I want you to go right to there and back up. Just pass parallel. You don't have to get so deep in the hole right there and back up. Good. So I want to try to keep a little bit more tension in the plot and back up. That's how you do it. The biggest difference is the fact that I feel when you go so far, you actually start to release a bit of tension in your plot and then you have so much of a extra-transfer to glue. So I have to do that. Yeah. And that's why I wouldn't have you do that. So what I want you to do for today and it's up to you how you want to do it going forward but just what I would suggest is actually just breaking parallel, keeping tension on the plot and then coming up and seeing how your body is going to differentiate itself from what you were doing before and how it's going to differentiate your quad growth versus like, see building your butt because as you go too deep, you're just becoming glued builder. Right? What we don't want is your glue is to be too big because it actually makes your back look smaller on the back poses. So you want to have big enough glue but with your problem, you're going to have your glue to out-angling all the rest of your body parts. Very enough. Very enough. How do you do that? Um, do you want to respond today? So you tell me how many of you are talking about you? Tell me a minute. So what's the tip? We add weight. And then we put it over plate on and work our way up and just remember just past parallel and right back up. Keep the tension on the plot. So I'll be as right. Just a tad bit lower. Right there. Right there. Excellent. Right there. Good. You just slow it a little bit there. Right there. Good. Up. Good. Excellent. Good. Again. Good. Good. Good. Good. Take your place and you want to quarter or plate. Let's go. Well, what do you think how nice of all those are? I would always err on the side a little bit being a little bit more conservative got to mean the start was quarter and then quarter. Quarter. Good. You got to go on. No matter. Good. Good. Good. Excellent. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Keep a moving. Good. Good. Good. Good. Time to grow. Good. Come on. Come on. You got to go in. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Good. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. And drive. That's it. Last one. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Pull out. Good. Put it on. Good. Hold on. Okay. Hook. demi. Left hold up. Press your back. Good. Up. Good. Drive, drive, drive. Oh, good. Come on, go in here. Let's go. Who's solid, solid, solid, solid. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Drive. Good. Come on. Come on here. Let's go. Who's solid, solid, solid. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Drive. All the way. Drive. Drive. One. You got one. Go. Go. Go. Huh. And. Drive. Good job. Good. Good. Is that heavy? Yes, I'm just shooting. Yes. Good. Good. Go on here. Good. Bend and drive. Good. Right there. And drive. Good. Keep moving. That's a great tempo right there. Good. Drive. Good. Keep going. And drive. Good. Keep going. Again. Good. Again. Good. Good. Up. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Let's go. Go. Come on. Come on. And drive. Drive. Last one. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Show me. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I got to. Go. Go. Go. Go. Easy. Now. You give me some parcels. Come on. Come on. Come on. Up. Let's go. Come on. Up. Go. Go. Go. Right there. Up. Right there. One. Two. Last one. Up. That's it. That's it. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. All right. All right, guys. So just a reminder, if you're looking for any of the workouts just like these, go check out the FST7 app on your ambot.com and you have a full library of all my workouts. Very, very big tip here is the fact that you do not want to just kind of fatigue yourself with long, warm upsets. You can do three to five to do a warm upsets, especially when you're much deeper into that workout. Good. Good. How's that weight? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Right there back up. Good. Just like that. Just like that. Again, go. Good. This is your working set. Now, let's just sit. We're going to finish throwing together. We're going to finish throwing together. Go. Good. Keep a moment. Keep a moment, brother. Go. Good. Up. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Excellent. Up. One more. Right. Up. Good. There you go. You're like, which handle waschannel? I was the worst really. I'm just going to say that. It was a little bit of panic mode. For now, the first person. It did not deploy. It was the second one. Good. Good. Just a little slower on the way up. Not so explosive. Perfect. Good. But just go a little higher. Good. Go. Good. There you go. You know, straight near Lake stretch stretch stretch stretch. Now, curl. That's better. Good. Good. There you go. You know, straight near Lake stretch stretch stretch stretch. That's better. That's the right. That's a right. That's a right. That's a right. Good stretch. And drive. Good. And you guys just so you notice, I like to be able to spot at the ankles. So that way, I can feel exactly how much I need to help versus on the machine. Good. Good. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze.or. Slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slowly got one more, big positive. And you work the negative. Right here. Mull that, pull that, pull that. Hold it now, I'm going to give him a little bit of negative here that's how you do a score. So we're doing a straight leg done lifts. We're doing this error style, which he is brazing against. He bar long to do the same. There are Smith machine where you can do this on a rack and again. Very, very isolated. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You got this. Good. Good. Drive it all the way up. Oh, my god. Drop it. Good job. Excellent. That's all hands from you. Good. Yeah. No, that's very mobile back. It's a straight-lake deadlift. But your hinge and your posterior chain. Very focused. Very, very isolated. Again, multiple ways of doing it. This is a way that really does not allow you to cheat. And I've seen it a little bit more than James became a little more popular. And I do feel like it's one of those exercises that if you really hit a plateau and you want something that's going to allow you to get you that next level. And you've been doing the basic straight bar belt, straight lead deadlifts where you're doing just dumbbell and you want to be able to really isolate. This is going to really hammer the shit out of your handstrings. All right, guys. So, which thing, how does the workout? It's not that. It's on. It's like so much fun to learn from the goat. And like I said, just an immense experience. It's very, very humbled to be here in your gym and have you invited me out here seriously. It's like, um, internally grateful so thank you, man. No, thanks for coming out. I know. It was one of those things that we talked about it. And then all of a sudden, again, you're such a go-getter. You hustle online. You do so much content on YouTube. And a working man's bodybuilder, right? A lot of bodybuilders do not like to work. You got to just have to get him to stop because I've seen him. I've seen his filming guy. That is a videographer. The guys are crushing it out there. He definitely makes sure you check out his channel because it's just growing tremendously. And I like the fact that he's taking the bro science, taking the real science, and then he's combining the two, and he's actually utilizing it on himself too. So, it's not just a matter of application, but also being able to utilize that and then focus on sharing the journey. So, again, honey, Eric.

=== FILE: TRAVEL VLOG  FIBO [No8D0HbgaVQ].txt ===

Alright guys, we just landed in Clon Germany for Fibo. We're going to be here with Pnada as well as KSM 66. It's going to be the great, great weekend and it's going to be a great week because again it's just Wednesday right now and we're going to get together with some of the athletes that are coming in, do some workouts together, some really cool gyms that are here as well. And again, being able to get together with the team with Pnada, the KSM 66 crew, it's going to be awesome and not wait to discuss the launch of the new Selkham. Yes, we have a new version of Selkham with a full clinical dose of KSM 66, full 600 milligrams dose. It's super excited about that but I'm even more excited at this point to grab some food. So let's go look for some food here in Clon. Let's do this. Here we have a lot of KSM 66. We have a lot of KSM 66. How much is it? How many are you? About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. With 30. For 24. About 30. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 30. About 10. About 12. About 12. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. About 10. Look for our team. We're going to get some anything to make it. up to the set. About 10. Go get a little fish. Go get a smaller fish. If you've intended. Go get a bigger fish. eating at Bella Tehran here in Colone, Germany, right here on the water, shake that water out, together with you right next to the bridge and it was actually a beautiful spring day and the food was phenomenal. Owner was precious, super, super sweet and the whole staff in the cook she killed it, killed it. Again, you've got to have the right seasoning, the good quality meat and again, I'm a kabab kind of sewer as all you know for the last 25, 30 years that I've been taking all my clients out to Persian food all around the world and definitely is a thumbs up very good. He's like he's done. He's like, oh he's done lately. Okay, because he was like a last picture. Yeah, that was from the beginning. There's an R-Limpy or Fred. That was from Olympia. Yeah, he was just kidding. Yeah, yeah. I mean you guys enjoy here. Yeah, you guys have a great time. Have you make it out there? You should go check it out. He doesn't know. I've had the opportunity to have the expo Senate. She's going to be there all the top pros are going to be there. Yeah. We're going to press it off. Thank you very much. Pleasure meeting you too.u were well. Pull quite. Alright guys, we are now on our way to Fibo Day 1 heading to the Pannata booth. I'm going to check out all the new equipment, the new releases. So you guys all know how much I love my Pannata equipment in my gym and we're going to go ahead and beat up with the team over there. After that, we're going to go over to the KSM66, Ashwaganda booth. We're going to go over there, talk about all the new technologies, all the new clinical research, the studies that are keeping dropping, just over and over again, talking about how great Ashwaganda is for you and stress reduction helps with everything from testosterone to thyroid. There's a plethora of positives with Ashwaganda, especially KSM66, that uses only the root and none of the leaf or stem. Very, very important fact. That's why we're trying to educate everyone out there, the differences between Ashwaganda that is amazing versus everything else that's out there. So KSM66 is considered the best Ashwaganda because it uses the root only of the Ashwaganda plant. But we're going to talk a little bit about that and how we're dropping the new cell camp, the latest version contains a full clinical dose of KSM66 at 600 milligrams. And we're going to just be a really good week talking about training, talking about nutrition, talking about all the amazing shows coming up, the ones that have happened. So again, a lot of great champions are going to be here at Fibo and can't wait to be able to meet everybody at the booth. So this is going to be pure fire today. Pannata KSM66, let's go. So we're going to go back. It was really good place. Alright guys, so we are here at the Pannata booth. If Fibo one of the new drops is the re-watch of the fantastic series. So for those of you that you see this, I want to change back in the 67's, 80's, then going over to cables and belts. And now this is a re-introduction to that series called the Fantastic Line. And that's what we're re-introducing here at Pannata. So, let's pull down, let press a couple of other presses and current machine that are all using the chain driven systems. Again, this is all a reboot with new engineering with old hardcore technology that's been reintroduced and re-introduced here to be able to perform it even a higher level than it did in the past. So you take all the old school, mix it with the new school, and this is what you're in half. Purely fantastic. Fibo, birdish shoulder, you're asking how you are to shoulder. Yes, too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Really great good. You have any other photos from the back? Yeah, yeah, there you go. Good conditioning. Yeah, yeah, just keep working on your lower-loss. Your lower-loss a little bit. Just continue to keep working on your legs, but that looks good. Conditioning the foot is keep working on your lower back. That's the lower-loss. Thank you so much. Great. Well, probably that's enough for me. One last time I made you reverse grip. Re-script, pull down, reverse grip, then over roll, reverse grip, one arm done both of it. Re-script. Okay, okay. So thank you so much. Well, this is golden. All right, guys, we are heading our way to the KSM66 booth. It was packed over, but not a check out the new fantastic series. Now it's time to get through this mob here in Feebo. It's absolutely next level. Having been here for at least since before the pandemic. And everyone was wondering if it's going off again, well, it is going off. So now it's time to get together with our friends over at KSM66. Ashwood Honda. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. That's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, guys. The new version of Salkham with the full dose of PSM66. That's right. KSM66 to Roots Best Ashwood Honda is now loaded in the new Salkham. So you'll be able to not only get lower portion levels, but also help boost your account with being able to give you that relaxed feeling, lower thing side to you, helps to even with your thyroid, so many different benefits of the world's best Ashwood Honda KSM66. That's why a bulldoze is in every school. So check it out and you sell them. KSM66. I don't know. Maybe the length of the muscles you get. Well, personal always with anybody. It's a matter of control or call poor emotion. Super important. Because so many people like to especially do longer your ranges. Yeah. The more you want to do partials, the partial reps, the very end, or your helping thing. To want to be able to have a full range of emotion, make sure you get your four session. Number two, don't forget to give a very random and open working sense to do partials. Works really well. It's actually done by getting people range anymore. Then you can free extra reps. Where you go to partial reps. That will also help you get your intensity. With free small muscle load, time under tension. To help small flow. So it doesn't matter if I load out with the weight more, just an intensity. Either way it works, because you want to try to keep failure in about these steps. And then maybe get a couple of those partials of your area. And if you're going to that big step, grab range. That's pretty much really good for the growth. We have about two different parts of the world. Okay. I'll have a little more time. Thank you very much. Two working sense. I don't want to get up and bring the four extra signs. I'll go on. Yeah. Thank you. Alright guys, we just left the KSM 66 group. It was awesome. We saw everybody in the honor earlier. KSM 66 we finished up. A lot of really good stories with people that are not only taking the products, but we also met with some people who own companies that were asking about KSM 66 in the application. And the spectrum keeps getting bigger and bigger. So the exciting part about KSM is the fact that there's so much more clinical studies that are coming out about the benefits of KSM 66. So with cortisol, with thyroid, with just being able to get your natural hormones to maximize. So you get all of those benefits and getting to talk about that with other supplement companies. It's been awesome. So again guys, appreciate everybody. Day one is now done. Alright guys, we are day two. And we got some in special actually walking with us to the booth. We got to Mr. Eight time himself, the legend Lee Haney, right out of Georgia. We got him on a plane. Yeah. This is not having very out of him. And we're going to head to the banana booth. So you can get a speedway. Again, we're with a great pound around the ball. The yellow champion right here. This is the man. Thank you. You will be at the nearby fantastic. So we can feel, okay? Hi. You're welcome. Say good. If you have a lot of people here with Mr. Rudy Pinnata. We're in the legend tent. We have eight time Mr. Olympia. We're waiting for these. We should go ahead. We're there down. Don't let me go down. Don't let me go down. Smooth. Awesome. Really good stretch. Really good. It's nice. There you go. I got this piece. I love the opposite. Come here. Come here. Come here. We're not allowed to get up. It's too long. I am waiting for a banana. And it's awesome. That's awesome. It's awesome. Awesome. I just saw two. We just made one. Yeah. Come here. Come here. We're going to get out. Yeah. I'll go right into the archaic. Yeah. I will go right to the archaic. Okay. They're at four. All right. That's awesome. I think people in Germany have a problem so I dealt with it. We got a big problem because there's too much track in the belt. So the best thing you do is see the lateral rays to try to take the momentum out. So see the dumbbell lateral rays or you can do cable behind the back of the wheel or even cable front. The lower cable but no sure you go slow. Don't pull with your trap and go to shoulder height and then back down. So go in the higher and just go to shoulder height and back down. You can make sure you work on your negative two seconds on the way down. Okay, I'll be a sense. Normally it's about four sets to arm up and two working sets. Okay, obviously the front, the back, the side, all of the key is not go fast. Don't worry too heavy, otherwise you'll be trapped in the gym. You'll have big traps and small children. Yeah, okay, thank you. Can we take a big turn with three out? That's it. All right guys, we are here at the biggest day, Saturday day three. After the expo with eight times. Yeah, man, we gonna have a great time with my brother, Hati and the, we give it a rock and roll. It's got a super bottle. Somebody's texting. What are we doing for the next day? We're doing the subway. We're doing the subway. Yeah, we're doing the flat. It's my cardio. What am I doing? Everything is always about being a monster and trying to do the food in 12. And I'm not sitting in size. I'm not even having a life in this exact moment. Yeah, the difference is the management of feeling the muscle and the body. So you're using your heel to soak on through the, where the heel is like you're not getting into your self. Because it's really biopic and it's a success. A biopic and it's a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good one. Yeah, I know man, I'm listed. I'm a chef. Please come and visit the Pinnotaku in Grimney wellness festival. May 29th, root 21st come see myself. We're going to see Rudy, the creator of all this amazing Pinnotaku. We can not wait to see you all in Grimney in there. All right, guys. So we're on our way to the K&M 66 booth. A lot of people showing up today. It was about a two hour traffic jam track going just about four miles here. Outside of the expo hall. So as you can see, it is literally crazy. I need to do that, honey. Honey, look at that. H-E-E! I ramps a little ramps small, really nice. How does it feel? It's a great way to go. It's a great way to go, it's a great way. It's a great way to go. I need to try to really surpass the hero. Whatever you mustn't work by. Yes, it's a great working, on your wood hands ring. Here, just make sure that you can bring it. It's a real fun tool to us. We've got just closed, we'll have that. So, locate it. We've got the key shot, that way with a really extreme stretch. Also, you can find people who are riding, who are walking, and who are walking. I do a lot of extra. Thank you. Can we take a picture there? Thanks. From what's your view? How do you like the hat? Awesome. Awesome. I'm following you since. Two thousand nine six hundred. Wow. Yes. When you coach Jane for the first time, I also trained like your training to go to the FSC because I'm a modern training. Yeah. That's awesome. I also had your product, the first original EVM. And then the EVP 3D everything. Everything. But now, in Europe, it's a little bit hard to get the US food. Yeah, but we're getting more now. Yeah, there's a... You have to eat the food. Yeah, we're going to have a bigger European distributor because European distributor is selling out very quickly. So we're bringing more distributor so they can bring in more. I always can't take the shipping for free. Here in Germany is MRM. Yeah. It's a company. But they only have the new version. I'll do the also have the new version. They have the version that doesn't have the UNB and some of the UNB going ingredients. They have a US version. But it's 90% the same. The only difference is there's no UNB but it has all the other ingredients. Yeah, I know. I know. Because when I go to the US, I'll tell you. Yeah, I like the lightness. Yeah. The softs. Yeah. That was really awesome. Well, I think that was a cool. Alright guys, just had another person showing me the FSC7 app that he's been using. He said since it came out and it's awesome. Here in Germany he's downloading his workouts. The workouts that I put together and he's been able to follow him because he really loves to not just the training philosophy, but he just loves the structure. So great feedback. And again, good or bad, I'm always listening to feedback to always make the app better and keep adding more programs to it. But it was great to see. So that's awesome. You're back training with honey or a horse. So we really like reminiscing. My goodness. Yeah. Reminis a little bit. I told him that it's the fixed change now and now he won't be so big. Yeah, yeah. I think we're going to show them. Yeah. I get told. That's right. Yeah. It's the same. It's the same. Showers in a lot of years. You got to tell. Okay. Ugh. Open it up more. We're doing new division. No legs. Upper body. I know. I know. You still under construction. I say under because one is digital small. He has big legs. I'm trying my best. I'm trying my best. And this really is too poses. That's not your pose though. Let me show you. Yeah, yeah. He's like, what a big. I like misplaced. You can't do that. You can't do that. Get away of your honey. That's not a honey. Yeah. Little slower. That's it. That's it. There you go. That's it. That's it. That's what's in the firing. Ow. Good. The troll. That's it. You're up. I want to scar tissue in there. Trained. And I'm trying to get a tattoo. We saw a giant view. Did you? Yeah, yeah. He came by the booth the other day. We didn't know he was here. Yeah, he's here for something. Yeah, yeah. That's something. All right, guys. I'll show you. You're here for something. All right, guys. We're here for something. We're here for something. Yeah, he's here for something. Yeah, we're here for something. Yeah, we're here for something. All right, guys. Then you soak him. PR with a full dose of the KSM66600 milligrams to help reduce four to all levels. You know, he's so powerful. Five grams of creatine. One gram of that is creatine nitrate for creatine mono. All the essential amino acids with double regular looseene. So that way you're getting a little bit of extra M tour going on. There, we're recovery. But um, come on, come with us. Or set him. Both. Both. Yeah, Rob's in. Yeah. Yeah, it's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. I think you're the best. Thank you. You're good. You're good. All right, guys. This is the last day. Me in the legend on our way to the Anata booth. We're on the only thing. If you have time, is there a possibility that you can rate my physique maybe? Like really quick, easy going very simple. He's going. Is it cool? You're taking it up right there. He's using it. This is 25 minutes of lipid. Yeah. I really do a live rate your physique. Okay. All right. So we're going to go using your base in where. Jump in. No, but what city? Really. Brilliant. Okay. Whatever is the version of that. Okay. Not far from ours. Okay. All right. So let's do a quarter turn. Quarter turn. Quarter turn. Front double bicep. Okay. So let's start that. You need to continue to keep getting your links in the folder. And you need to work on your upper chest. Yeah. Always use more upper chest. You need a little more width to your arms. So drive twice it break the alice. It's your fuller. You're out of tricep. You see it fuller. Okay. And also just from looking there skin. It looks like you need a little bit of estrogen management. And also you need to be able to make sure you're detoxing properly. Okay. So here's the back thickness. Can you prove? Okay. And then getting those latch to drop a little bit lower in terms of thickness. It's just more. It's not your posing. It's more just back development. And then you can really see it on your back relaxed pose. So look at your just do your back relaxed pose. So there you go. So you want to be able to build it. And to eat your rhomboids, your lower track. Outer lap. Lower lap. All of those areas can improve. Making sure that you're going to have to be doing a lot of rows. A lot of pull ups, pull downs. Variations in grip. Making up the hamstrings from behind. A little bit wider. And a little bit more developed on the lower hamstrings just to help. Thinking them up in its entirety. Making sure you're doing straight leg dead lifts. Obviously every leg curl, seated, lying. All those are going to help tremendously. But overall. Good physique. I'm waiting. No. They brought me from Berger Playdown. And I thought midnight. Right now we're pretty good. Hey, hey, hey, hey. You're going to be a good reverse for all. You can also help you bring down the muscle here. Okay. Thank you very much. If you train heavy on the back. Yeah, they're going to do a lot of good stuff. Also, we're going to help the stracks. We're going to help the build a lot of good strength. That's a good. Also help the curl. Go. Four. Hold it. Good slow. Up. Hold it right there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Now slowly. And now slowly. Now two more. Up. Good. Good. One more. Come on. Good. Up. Good. Now you're going to do all the way down. Five portions. Go. Five portions. Go. One. Go. Again. Two. Go. Half way up. Two. Three. Good. Come on. Four. Two. Good. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Now slowly. Slowly down. Slowly. Hold it. Hold it. Go. Okay. 15. 15. 15. 15. Go. It's 50. So three years. I'm going to look at him. Because now I'm training. Yeah. Okay. You look at that. That's one of the things that you have to start choosing. I think it's more beneficial that it's not just stress because again, I feed on this stress. I don't actually like this stress. Yeah. My wife always says to me when I'm at home too long and not have the stress and the energy of competition. She doesn't like me because I need that trigger. Because I work. I need that stress and that it's hard. Yeah. It's okay. It is. It is. It is. That's all. But I'm moving the Texas route. I got accepted to YouTube. Okay. You know, I'll be awesome. Okay. You know, I'll be awesome. Okay. I don't know. Well, please keep training. Yeah. We should be working on your arms. Your arms work. We need our shoulders. We need our arms. We need a feeling your arms. We need a feeling your arms. We need a feeling your arms. We need a feeling your arms. We need a feeling your arms. We need more and more to practice. Yeah. I want some rows. You want some more when you are in the pool down to the river. Alright guys. That was a tough one days. I'm trying to shake a lot of hands. It's spoke to a lot of people. Now, we're going to go try to get him to eat. And then we got to get up early in the morning and head back to America. so.

=== FILE: This Is Why Your Gut Isnt Healing  Building and Repairing your Gut Health with Dr. Mazy [2raEj_n9Hjc].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Ronnie Rambad, and I have a very special guest in the house today. We have Dr. Mozi here who's my GI doc. Dr. Mozi say hello to all of the Mr. Bodybuilders and all of the wonderful trainers and everybody else who's listening to this broadcast. Hello everybody and it's truly an honor to be here and I am a guest hunter-alleges here in town in South Lake Texas is my practice and I did my training in I went to UT Dallas to do my undergrad and did my medical school training in Galiston University of Texas Medical Branch and did residency in Fellowship in San Antonio and back to Dallas so kind of been all over Texas. Where's your medical school? In Galiston. Galiston. Okay, so not far. Not far. Just right outside of Houston. Yes. Yes. Very humid down there. Very humid. A lot of mosquitoes. Oh, there's a lot of mosquitoes everywhere but especially on there. There are ginormous mosquitoes. Yeah, so I you know I live to always preface different things with stories and and when I got to meet Dr. Mozi for the first time you know it was funny because I was getting ready to get rolled in right? Yes. I was getting ready to do my colonoscopy you know and everybody that knows that I just turned 50 and I do my colonoscopy every like three to five years and it's when you find polyps and we're going to talk a little bit about this you need to go more often. Correct. Right and I think the recommendations every three. It depends. So depends on the size of the polyps and the number of those polyps. So generally if the polyp is greater than a centimeter or you have three or more polyps than it's three years and then anything after that like if it's like only one or two little polyps you can go as long as seven to ten years if it's you know we generally in the current guidelines as you can go seven to ten years some of us still recommend five years because we've seen that rise in the rate of cancer. So but you know it just depends on the type of the polyps and number of polyps and the size of those polyps basically. Yeah and what they had found polyps made way back in the day and back in California and so it was something that when you get to it early enough those are pre-cancers cells basically and those polyps if they're removed and I believe you're just kind of burning them right or is that point is that kind of what you're doing? Well they're from techniques of removing the polyps depending on the size of the polyps. So generally if there are like you know small and millimeter polyp or two you know we can just pluck it off with a biopsy forseps if there are like anything greater than two to three millimeters now we have a little snare kind of like a lasso but around it and we're just kind of cut it off and if it's sometimes the polyps is just too large and we have to use a little bit of heat and and we do that so but it just depends on the you know the size of that polyp but we have different tools to remove the polyp so. Gotcha and once you start seeing those obviously what happens is those are pre-cancers cells and are all polyps considered pre-cancers? No so there are different kinds of polyps so we have the adenomas which are considered the pre-cancers type of polyps and those are the main ones that we want to look and look for and remove because they're the ones that if you don't remove them some of them have the potential of turning into cancer and there are the hyperplastic type of polyps and there are kind of benign polyps that they don't have the potential to turn into cancer of course if you see them and there you know there's a big one we remove them but if there are some people have many of those tiny ones right close to the you know in the rectum or something we typically can leave them alone because they really don't have the potential of turning into cancer so we remove them with some of the pathologists and we have a pretty good idea when we remove them what kind they are so we give you an idea hey the next colonoscopy will be probably in three years or five years or seven years or whatever and then goes to pathologists and they're viewed and they can't confirm it you know sometimes we're wrong and so hey this polyp was completely hyperplastic and based on that we can change that interval recommendation for you say well your polyp was completely benign you can come back in 10 years on the series of changing your family history which is very important or you develop a symptom because not everybody reads the book and there are people that kind of fall outside of that bell-shaped curve and they make those recommendations nice so again this is all geared towards the incidence and the rise and incidence of colon cancer and being that I wanted to be able to share the wealth of knowledge that you have with the audience because as I was speaking earlier I go in regularly and there's a lot of talk on Instagram and as well as social media TikTok about now stool tests right and some people just don't want to do either the prep that's necessary because you got to drink a ton of of poop juice and I call it poop juice just you know it's sometimes of I think it's like what is it potassium citrate or what are they using yeah that's magnesium yes there's different there's different varnish and that prep basically cleans you out you got to drink it several times the day before to go into your prep for the colonoscopy because obviously you can't have any poop left you got to let completely clear clear you out so that your GI doc you know doctor moths you can get in there and be able to look at everything and make sure everything's okay and like I was mentioning earlier what when I'm away for his met I was like you know there's not very many Persians and Texas right especially in the Dallas area and then when I was you know getting ready to get wheeled in I was like wow I got one of you know I got I think the only Persian GI doc in the 30 mile square radius or 50 miles square radius got the L Persian cowboy there you go is that what they're calling you now that's it that's it and and it kind of runs in the family because I know your wife's also a doctor too yes yes she's an endocrinologist and she manages obesity and the GOP one agonist and all those medications that are hot in the market right absolutely I mean a lot of bodybuilders are currently very into that people in general have been using it for weight loss but and and she would be an amazing house to so if guys if you would love to see uh moths these wife um it go into the comments and let me know he'd like to a board certified endocrinologist would be a great conversation whether we're talking about GOP one HRT any of those things because I do want to be able to give you guys a broader sense of what you're doing because whether it's for yourself or whether it's for your clients you know uh we just hit a million on YouTube which is fantastic we also are obviously streaming the podcast through all the different channels whether it's Apple whether it's through Amazon or any of those other spotifies make sure you go ahead and go in the comments below and let me know if you would like you know what you liked about this particular episode any questions you may have just in case we do a follow up and then also if you'd like to see someone like moths these wife who's an interconologist because I want to bring in some specialists to be able to share as much as we can to be able to really you know broaden up our base because it's been so bodybuilder and related but now I really want to be able to to get deep in the weeds with some of these things because again if you are not getting checked out what is the recommendation right now for colon cancer and colon cancer screening is it 40 is it 45 what is it now so it used to be 50 right and then we saw this rise in colon cancer in younger populations so in 2021 we lowered the age 45 and that's for an average risk screening there are patients that have a family history right so they have a family history of colon cancer or a large polyp we call those advanced adenomas and then you should get it sooner than age 45 right so usually 10 years earlier than the then the person like first degree relative like dad, mom, you know children, siblings these are considered the first degree relative so but for somebody that doesn't have any family history 45 is the is the average recommended for colorechocancers screening but they're different like you mentioned briefly about stool study I mean stool testing and things like that and there are pros and cons to to all of them so colonoscopy of course is the gold standard because we can actually visualize the colon and when we find these polyps we can actually remove them okay so the problem with like colorechocancers and all those things I always tell my patients if you are absolutely not going to do anything what so ever then colorechocancers better than nothing right and that's basically taking a stool sample and then they normally send it in and they do basically check the stool for DNAs and things like that but that test can miss actually it can miss 8 to 10 percent of colon cancers meaning that you can have a cancer sitting in there and it can miss it and it can miss a large number of polyps like the simple added almost we talked about can miss up to 80 percent of those polyps okay up to 80 percent of the sample added almost the advanced added almost it can miss about 40 to 50 percent of those and so the goal of colonoscopy or anything in healthcare should be more of a preventative thing and colonoscopy is really a preventative test. Colored and things like that sometimes it's like I mean okay well we diagnose cancer in you so we didn't really do a whole lot we just diagnosed cancer and you instead of preventing it so it is colon cancers now the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States and it's one of the most preventable cancers so I always tell my patients I mean yes the prep may not be the I mean it's not the worst thing you've done it I've had it done to even though I'm not 45 I've done earlier because I was just paranoid and I see colon cancer all the time and I said I want to get mine done and and the prep yes it's not fun but it's not the worst thing that you just you know is to taste of it I mean you just added with some clear liquids of Gatorade or something and you just drink in there different kinds of preps I want to the audience to know that this there are used to be you know the gallon of go lightly and go lightly is a misnomer you always go heavily it's not it's a misnomer it's not go lightly used to be like the big gallon and now we went to the smaller volume preps like the soup rep and you know all those are a small volume preps yeah you can take those and there also pills you can take there's sous tap that's a pill but it's 24 pills and there are larger size pills but you get 12 and you still have to drink a lot of water with it but people that don't like to taste of that liquid they can do pills if they're okay you know so allowing 12 pills at the time but it beats the alternative which is the colon cancer and you can really reduce your chance of getting this deadly disease because if it and even if it's early on and it's diagnosed colon cancer you can still at stage one you can theoretically cure it because by a recession and things like that but once it spreads then they're likely to have surviving it goes significantly lower yeah so so again as bodybuilders and as my audience who eats a lot of meat and they have a lot of different you know whether it's red meat chicken I mean just the high protein all of the things that are also known to increase the risk right this is one of the reasons I wanted to bring this to you guys because not just because I turned 50 and I've been doing this that was my second colonoscopy and being able to sit down and say okay great you want to be preventative but I also just because of the fact that I'm seeing these different tests the you know the stool test and people don't realize it might or might not tell you you have cancer but it's not going to pre-screen for the polyps that are going to actually cause cancer right yeah it's not a preventative test I mean sometimes luckily somebody has a positive call like art and they come in and we do a colonoscopy and we find polyps sometimes it's false positive and it gives you a lot of anxiety can you imagine like you have a cancer detection test or call a garden they said tell you it's it's positive now you have to wait until you get into get a colonoscopy right to confirm it whether so the amount of anxiety creates for people waiting I've had patients are like can I just come into more I just need to get this colonoscopy down I can't sleep I can't sleep I wouldn't be able to sleep I don't blame depression you know if I if somebody tells me hey you potentially could have cancer in there I wouldn't be able to sleep I would be up thinking about it all the time and so so just it can be false positive you know we have hemorrhoids or something have a little bit of bleeding in terms of test positive and at that point you have a test so the actual blood in the stool can also so that is where it positive yes it can turn out positive so it's not really looking just for cancer sales percent it looks for the DNA and I'm blood in the stool there are two components we don't exactly when it's positive it doesn't exactly tell us which component was positive just says that the test was positive okay and especially in bodybuilders and lifting and hemorrhoids are very common and you know if it turns positive then it just gives you an unnecessary anxiety until you get your colonoscopy done so you know I'm just I just always say you know just get the colonoscopy done remove those pre-cancerous polyps reduce your chance and you know live a healthy life and you know the diet you mentioned is also important I've been seeing a rise in colon cancer younger population I don't know exactly what how young have you seen I mean I've seen a 20 year old with colon cancer I've seen a 30 year old with colon cancer well really no genetic background is if you have genetic stuff then we're meeting a lot where they bodybuilders or were they just just regular we don't we don't know right so I you know this hasn't been proven but I have my own theories right this is my personal thing it says you know but I have a feeling that it has to do with our diet and the processed food and even the microplastics that is you know and everything that we drink water out of the plastic bottle right there you know right and so I have a feeling that these are probably contributing and the stress and anxiety people are more anxious nowadays and you know stress plays a big role in a GI tract I mean we see that there is more serotonin receptor serotonin production that got then the brain actually and so we see that stress and anxiety overall it can reduce your immune system your immune system is not working as well and you know it can cause you can maybe it's multifactor it of course nobody I cannot tell you exactly what's rising the rate of colon cancer but there you know they are just my personal theories so sure yeah I mean a lot of people are talking about the processed foods using a lot of industrial ingredients that are just I mean some of the stuff was even banned I know they're trying to think about trying to pull from the US market but I mean what is your thoughts I mean again just your personal thoughts on like thighs and artificial dyes and in those kinds of things do you feel like that's still like kind of in the same category as the processed foods where you feel like the risk is also increased because of the problem I mean it hasn't been really a definitive study on it but I mean to me anything that is not really natural a process I mean made up you know it can I mean but we don't know we don't know for sure exactly what what's the likelihood or is it really doing it or not but the chances are it is if it's not natural and so that brings up another point of the importance of introducing fiber into our diets and so I know a lot of body builders do a lot of protein and things like that which is which is needed but also adding the fiber is very very important that fiber kind of you know helps you promote more regular bowel movements kind of getting rid of the toxins and you know fiber in general is good for your heart for your cholesterol for the liver for fatty liver disease so I always recommend I always tell my patients you know get some silly and husk powder which is in metamusol but I don't like metamusol per se because as I added it is actually going to give you ours because we're about to come out with ours and it is all natural flavored it's a silly and husk with a little bit of prebiotic as well and I again for the reasons more so not because of bowel movement per issues but because I know it binds to cholesterol as a binding agent I to be able to help the lower cholesterol helps with satiation it helps with also blood sugar there's so many different things especially when you don't use the sugary one because regular men don't use so has a lot of sugar in it and there's a sugar free one but then they also have a synthetic sugar in there that's basically like an aspirin based versus using something like stevia based so what I did was I was kind of selfishly kind of made it for myself because I was trying a lot of other brands and I'm like you know what I just should just make one but again I was doing it more for the cholesterol because I know that it helps with binding brain and reading a lot of the studies and also helping with blood sugar and then also just being able to be a little fuller at night so you're less likely to snack but I think that when you recommend the fiber do you recommend a 10 grams a day is it like a supplement side what do you like so I always say you know total fiber of 25 to 30 grams a day total yeah and so that that can include your fruits and vegetables right and but if you not I mean and everybody hits 25 30 grams of fruits and vegetables you know in terms of fiber so if you don't you're not you know you're not eating fruits and vegetables all the time you can always add the psyllium husk you know five or supplement to it to get to that 35 the 25 to 30 grams of fiber okay and then in regards to also hydration it's such a huge component right because it doesn't matter how much fiber you have if you're not properly hydrated right what do you recommend to your patients in terms of water what is is there a certain amount of liters is it you know at least 60 ounces of water okay and so and and water like you mentioned is very important because fiber can actually the psyllium husk per se can be actually constipating if you're not drinking enough water that's right because there's expands right if you can still cut if you ever have a psyllium husk and you drink it right away it'll actually puff up or right gel right so it becomes a gel and so you know of had patients that are like well you know I took this and I'm now more consipated on what we're drinking off water no what it's important to have in adequate amount of hydration water or something to kind of at least 60 ounces to kind of get the fiber working and you know make it do what it's supposed to do basically got you so mechanic go ahead so if for those that you don't don't really know 60 ounces is just just just just under half a gallon 120 ounces is a gallon so just under half and again if you're working out you're getting that in no matter what normally you're getting in about three liters um 3.78 liters is a gallon so I recommend to my athletes and everybody out there try to get in if you shoot for about three to especially during the hot summer months if you're shooting for four like a gallon you're going to hit three your fine three liters but again especially if you're training if you're taking creatine if you're if you're really sweating profusely and you're in places where it's hot or humid you got to really make sure that you're staying on top of it because it can really affect that now going into a little bit more the gut health because again it's it's just completely intrigues me because now everyone's trying to understand the gut gut biome is dialed into everything from your immune system to even your mental health right um what are the things that you are either taught during medical school or things that you had taught been taught through symposiums you've done or any kinds of meetings where you've learned more about that because from a lot of the things that I've looked at when it comes to medical schools they're very it's very black and white they don't go into like the wellness portion of it right um is that's something that you guys got into in medical school you know because it wasn't very long ago you're not you know 75 years old right you know you're under 50 so you're you're relatively still a young man and been into medical school did they teach you any of the proactive you know wellness types of things whether it was supplement related whether it was gut biome related or is that stuff just still not really being taught they're not really being taught to be honest with you so and and a lot of gut microbiome stuff still in the research phase so we still I mean there are certain things that we just you know for example seed effinfection which is causes a lot of diarrhea and patients which we do still transplant you know we used to do it and how it's there are actually microbiome pills or animals that you can do to treat that but it uh no in medical school we didn't really talk about these things a whole lot because and a lot of it's still in research and I think the future with the microbiome is wonderful because I think I think even obesity there are studies that you can even cure obesity with microbiome you can do a lot of things with microbiome I don't think we're there yet but it's an ongoing research and it's a it's a very attractive heart debate about about microbiome and they important so I think it's very important and I think a lot of it you know even the whole even some degree of aeridical bowel syndrome or you know abdominal pain or like said obesity even diabetes and certain things can have you know probably has to deal with with our microbiome and if you were just going to learn more as we go yes yes it certainly research is there and we're working on it and hopefully we have better data and better information on how to use the microbiome because I've seen patients go get the microbiome testing done and I get these papers of like different things and I'm very honest with the patients I'm like I really don't know what to do with this information it's great that we know it but we just don't know how to manage or what to do with the information you have and you know there's uh there are companies that sell different things and they say it helps with this but there's nearly not a good research behind it to support those things yeah a lot of that stuff also is just conjecture right there people are just kind of exposed to so many different things on the marketing side um let's talk about probiotics you know I know that my previous GI doc back in California recommended them right especially if I went through a cycle of antibiotics for any reason if I'd do it through a Z pack or whatnot to try to do that do you also kind of believe in in in reintroduction with some type of probiotic it depends right so I always tell my patients probiotics help some there's not a big body of research behind probiotics and prebiotics but I have patients that take the probiotics and it really helps them okay and if that's the case I say continue with it right because there are some patients that are they really benefit from it and there are some and I tell some patients that if you try it and it's not really helping you then don't waste your money so much money right so but there are not a family members on probiotics and they love it and I'm like well continue with it if it's helping you if it helps with your bloating if it helps with your abdominal pain take it it's not going to really harm you per se harm your wallet it's expensive but uh but if it's uh if it's something that is not doing a whole lot for you then it's probably better not to take it right just if it's not visibly beneficial yeah I mean even my my previous doctor in California he knew it worked for same same exact mindset you had for for some but not everybody but what he would do say is that if I had any patients it says well what brand do you recommend and get I selfishly whenever I need something I just designed it for evegian but um so we have a probiotic now that's got a great spectrum but back then I didn't have it and I asked him what brand do you recommend and he told me something very funny he said buy three of the top rated brands whether you go on Amazon or go to the store you know like Whole Foods and then what I want you to do is take a bowl okay and I want you to take out all of them and pour them and mix them together and then basically you just kind of average them out and then go ahead and take two of these a day and and I go well what about the dosage and what about this and he's like no no no just cover you're making it over complicated and this was his way of basically covering his bases right but he just said this is what I do so I recommend and again I don't think it was horrible because this was again 10 years ago but at the same time I do feel like because of the lack of training there's a there's a there's a huge disconnect and I feel like I can't wait to get more of that in terms of medicine so that there's a more of a wellness component in there so that there can be actual more wellness training and medicine versus it being just something that's procedural or whether or something you can sponsor suitable and so I think that again you know whether it's doing probiotics or whether you're doing like digestive enzymes right like I know we also make digestive enzymes that I take when I'm using you go out and have kubita right and I burp less I have the digestion is way way better I'm not you know again you do something with a lot of onions and garlic and it's something that's heavy or if it's barbecue and I'm having a digestive enzyme I can really feel the difference and how how my body is able to absorb it it doesn't feel so heavy but I think that those things are also still there's there seems to still be a line though with okay made that I mean what is your thought on that process have you ever used digestive enzymes before or anything of that not about had patients that use it and they love it and they're like it really works on me and I'm like continue with it and so you know it's so diff because the GI track is so depends on your microbiome like you mentioned depends on your stress level depends on what you eat right like bloating is very very common a lot of people have bloating and bloating is generally in of course a benign thing most of the time but it has to do with what you eat so we have our patients go through this hard process of eliminating certain foods that are known to cause a lot of bloating and then then reintroduce it back into the diet and then kind of keep a log it's a very tedious process culture uh well like okay what when I have the onion I guess it's a good elimination type diet all right I mean it's a we have put the patient basically on low-fod map diet which is certain foods that are known to cause a lot of bloating and gas and so we tell our patients well eliminate these kind of foods we have a little hand out we give our patients you know do it's that's like the onions and broccoli yeah certain foods that are cause a lot of bloating. Thank you. And so and so the patients usually you know it's hard it's not easy to go through this elimination diet and then the reintroduction is also you know gotta bring them one by one and see okay want to have this I have the blood so keep a log and then you have a list of foods that they're your trigger foods basically and so I mean if you have those foods it's not I mean you just get bloated it's not the end of the world but yeah it's it bloating is very common and it's one of the most challenging things to treat because we just don't know what kind of food I mean we used to even acid reflux right hard burn yeah and that's very common too yeah and and some you know it's divided some people say well avoid the acidic food avoid coffee and you know alcohol and this and that and yes to some degree those are the known foods who cause acid reflux but it's not not everybody it's so we we started I'd start telling my patients well maybe my coffee doesn't do that to you maybe you know bread sauce does or something else so that's your trigger for that's the one that rather than giving this general blanket statement to avoid all these foods I just say well avoid your trigger foods and that's different different for every patient so so that's that's a challenging thing because everybody is a little bit different and so you know like I said I can't just tell the patient what avoid this and then that and patients like well what if what if I take that and I'm okay well it's fair I mean if you're okay and you don't it doesn't give you hard burn or bloating then it's okay to take it but it's just depends everybody's so different so do you think it's race driven at all it could be I mean I mean we know fatty liver disease is it's more common in Hispanics and South Asians we don't do we have a proof no but I could be it could be related that could be related to the genetics you know your parents you know if they had a lot of part burn that you're probably tend to have part burn too the time you eat you know I usually tell my patients don't eat late at night you know absolutely or don't eat an exercise immediately after eating you know give yourself a few hours before you know especially in your world yeah and when people you know I would say just if you if you have a meal don't exercise immediately right yeah you want to go do squat right after you had a heavy meal yeah because you know it's gonna come right back up exactly exactly no that's that's all really good advice in regards back to the to the gut do you feel that there's things that you're seeing more and more that's become prevalent here in the last five or ten years I mean do you feel like that people with the red meat versus chicken or any of the things the foods that you're seeing that could be causing these polyps and it be cancer cells do you like what's your gut telling you I'm pardon upon but yeah so I think the diets that are high in red meat yes I have a feeling that they tend to have more polyps and things like that because you know red meat I mean I do you think it is in the red meat do you think do you think it's a contaminant where it's like it's better to do like again organic foods and grass fed beef and and all these things where it just just I think it's just the nature of the red meat with the nitros and all that how it breaks down and things like that so of course I mean that's a whole different debate on organic versus non-organic exactly and there's many people go back and forth with this and that and that's that's a they you didn't afford it guys by all means yeah make do it you know but but especially the people that are listening to this that are younger they're in college I remember I was in college I would be buying up you know stakes are a line for like a dollar fifty a pound and then I would you know at the butcher it was at the vans grocery store next to UC Santa Barbara where I was going school and and I was pre-med actually at the time getting my bio degree and I was competing as a bodybuilder and I would see it on sale and I'd by 10 pounds of it and it was half the price of lean ground beef and it was at 97% lean so I would just have them ground it they'll trim whatever still was left on the stake and I'd pay a buck 50 a pound you know now it's ten times that and what I would do is just put it in the freezer and then I would make a sauce and then I would do it with rice and then have my rice and beef a couple times a day and then I would have chicken because again you're trying as a bodybuilder you're trying to get protein throughout the day to keep that positive nitrogen bounce so that you can be able to recover so whether you're doing egg whites or you're doing chicken or you're doing beef or tuna all of these things and then say okay well now tuna you got to be careful because of the mercury then you got to worry about like the chicken because of all the hormones now the beef because of hormones you hear about the vaccinating animals now and that could also be affecting you and then you have like we talked about earlier microplastics I just like there's like no way of getting away for that yeah so that's that's just our culture and our environment and I think you could just do your best as much as you can but I mean if you cannot afford buying organic then you know it's un you know like can tell a patient could just go buy all organic things because it's expensive and so do your best you know beyond a you know fiber fiber fiber I always tell my you know patients fiber is very important that can reduce the chance of a lot of these things so okay great so basically fiber and is there ever a time where you feel like there are certain things you recommend like I guess my thing is that what do you do when these people are coming to you with IBS and they don't know what's from and I remember going through it with my gluten intolerance and it was a doctorate Stanford who I'd seen about 15 years ago and he at my stomach was just they couldn't figure out why I'm having all these issues and ultimately what ended up happening was they ended up saying look pull gluten out you didn't test positive for gluten but let's see what happens two weeks later my stomach sold down then all of a sudden you know the random diarrhea went away and I was like I went back a month later and he says how are you feeling and he said much better and he's like okay well it's also a fructose test so he gave me the crystal fructose to see if anything happens I test a negative for that and he says you don't have a basically or I'm sorry I said fructose but it's actually lactose it was a lactose crystalized lactose where when you drink it then you have to blow into the machine to see if there's any residual by product to see whether or not your lactose intolerant came out negative of them that so again just they wanted to just make sure but I felt way way better so for years and years it was just gluten for a gluten free which is very very restrictive right what is your take on the whole gluten situation is it you know how how do you feel about it so when a patient has symptoms of bloating diarrhea or even constipation or after I'll know this comfort I was checked them for celiac disease right so that's that's a test that I always do it you can do it through blood work you know make sure they don't have celiac disease and if it's negative it doesn't they could still be celiac negative but be gluten sensitive right so it doesn't rule out gluten sensitivity so we can always do what you did some cut out the gluten see how you and of course not the easiest thing to do but nowadays you see easier with all the gluten free options that we have and there are patients that do it and there symptoms go away completely well like when maybe you're just gluten sensitive okay and so if that's the case well if you're exposed to gluten it's not the end of the world you just pay the price by being bloated or having symptoms but if you have truly celiac disease that's a different problem you have really have to be very strict with gluten you cannot have gluten because it's a whole immune ramped up immune reaction so so it is very reasonable for patients that have a lot of bloating and symptoms that sound like maybe a gluten problem to eliminate the gluten and say hey don't take it for a month or two see how you feel if you feel well then you know we have our answer but some people doing like I didn't really notice a difference but maybe gluten is not the problem so we can do that with you know lactose and all those things too kind of like more of an elimination thing rather than rather doing all these expensive testing because you know you know your body the best and you can feel the difference and you did or sure when you eliminated gluten so that's that's usually my way of doing it you know just talking to a patient like hey can you think you can give up gluten from month or two see how you feel and some people doing they feel great and some people doing it they're just the same so if that's the case then gluten is not your problem so yeah as long as we rule out the celiac disease right yes I got tested I was native for celiac but again whether it's gluten sensitivity and then to take it even a step further to go down that rabbit hole I started getting a lot of people telling me hey look next time you're in the Middle East or you're in Europe see if you can eat their bread and see if how it goes and I was like I don't want a touch bread right I remember coming back from a trip a mr. Olympia competition 2013 and I was with Phil Heath and he had just won the mr. Olympia and we went to Europe together and he had done the Arnold Classic and just won that and I had the worst food in Spain because they didn't have any gluten-free options so I ended up having just a bunch of meat and some salad and I got on the ploughed plane in San Francisco I was living in the Bay Area at the time and I had on my driver was driving me down the 101 and I said look can you find me some of the eat and the guy's like absolutely not a problem and it's like midnight and I said what's open and he's like hey there's an in an helper and I was like okay I can just get like a protein stop so I went there and I just said you know what I hadn't had any real food forever I said I'm gonna have some stomach discomfort I ate the bread with with the bun and I just said let's see how bad it is my body hadn't had it in so long that I went home and I started vomiting yeah and I was vomiting for hours and driving me my wife she extends around to me fairness and she goes she goes don't ever do that again she goes you kept me up all night throwing you're not even worried about me but I paid the price but and but then I went back several years later and went to Italy and I was able to eat the bread and it didn't bother me and so again after hearing stories and talking to other athletes and people that were going back and forth and some celebrity clients I ended up asking them hey do you have a difference do you feel a difference because some of them were like gluten sensitive and they said absolutely I don't have the issue and some people think it's because the the roundup that they use in the soil here that was destroying the gut but because it's on most of the the wheat based products that's why when you eliminate it it's it's your sensitive to to to the chemical or also the GMO because it's a while their stuff is non GMO and it's not allowed in Europe that maybe allowed here the food supply is very different have you experienced that yourself at all or any of the anybody that you know of had patients saying the same thing that they when they when they travel their symptoms gonna go as a way when they come back here I mean they have their tried to food but it's hard to prove it right so but you make sense I mean I trust my patients when they tell me something well you know your body the best I mean if you had it there nothing happened you come here so it kind of goes back to the the diet we have here so I worry about the type of food we have here it's just I think we all do again enriched grains things of that nature I know they can modify it modified fortified there's so many things that they've done to it where they don't even categorize bread in Europe our bread is bread it's not allowed to be categorized as that so that's kind of scary and then I go when I eat meat chicken and I was in Kuwait and I was eating chicken and I go wow this is the most amazing chicken effort and I was at a Persian restaurant and we had jjikwap jjikwap and I was like it just doesn't taste like just because normal chicken just doesn't taste like anything then you go there the middle east I was being Dubai or Kuwait and I'm like wow it's just different or when I'm in Italy we were just there for almost a month and eating their food it's just the much more flavorful but it's also very easy on this time like you would eat pasta pizza and we'd lose weight yeah and you're like you have less bloat I mean the other thing I do feel though that helps that is the fact that you're walking so much in Europe you know you're constantly walking that helps a lot for processing um versus just being here you just get in your car anywhere you go you got to get in your car over there we're constantly if you're in Rome we're in Venice or we were in Lake Komo we're constantly walking we were doing on average like 15 20,000 steps a day and so that also helps but I do feel like the digestion like you can just feel like you're not bloated you're not burping you're just again not note no diarrhea and then I can't right back I was like I think it is sandwich and my stomach was turning I mean it's not I mean you leave a bread out here on the counter and it can last two three weeks nothing happens to it right and then a bread in a different country goes bad if like you've been in a few days and they'll be really exactly and so that's not normal for the bread to last that long on the counter so there that has to be something in it to kind of preserve it and so and then yes walking is very very important for the GI tract and even patients that are in a hospital for a long time that can't really move their that bounder in a bed so that that regard GI tract really slows down so walking is very very important walking hydration fiber limiting red meat all these things getting your screening colonoscopy things that you really can do to help yourself and back to the I you know the whole irritable bowel syndrome also has to do a lot with the stress and anxiety right we live in a world that's everybody's always working and doing this and doing that and maybe in the European countries are more common and you know we're mental health and other stress of a daily living and so stress plays a big role as I mentioned earlier because that is I even their studies that meditation and cognitive behavioral therapy works better than certain medicine for irritable bowel syndrome Wow so getting a medit if you can do some meditation every day five ten minutes I just started doing it for the last well last 28 days really yes and I can see the difference what do you see I you just look at life just you know and just take it as it is and you're like well this is just part of life and you accept it it helps you with the acceptance and I think that's the biggest thing right is that we all are trying to control outcomes that we can't control anyways whether it's the news on your phone whether it's just being able to deal with just politics all the crap that people get rubbed up about the most and I feel that that's exactly what it is it's like you're trying to let go and I think with me taking the the time with the family I took a camera and and found out when we were in Europe it really helped to step away a bit so that you can again just kind of enjoy life because you're always chasing chasing chasing right I mean you're a sport sort of medical doctor and you're still very busy you've got a lot of things going on but it's just being able to relax is very hard to do because we're always always trying to level up there's always trying to do something whether it's your in our practice whether we're doing it in our business whether we're personal trainers and we're trying to be able to get the best of half weeks out there I think it's always or your competitor and you're trying to come up with a next show it's really hard to reduce stress and I think social anxiety's uneven worse with social media because everybody's so tied to it Instagram you know TikTok all the different Snapchat Facebook back in the day and still people use Facebook too but in general I feel that that's a huge thing do you feel that that that stress also do you ever have to have those conversations with your patients about that stress all the time okay all the time I mean I focus a lot of time with trying to just you know things that we all have anxiety right and this is what we do about the anxiety is the most important thing so I always try to talk to my patients about mindfulness and trying to live in the present as much as we can and it's not easy right so that's what I'm doing the meditation myself right so because I I also we're always living either in the future or in the past right what did we do in the past or what what's gonna happen tomorrow what's gonna happen this or what if this or what if that rather than just trying to kind of live in the and the meditation is basically teaches you that to live in the present to focus on the breathing and it becomes a practice it's not like you're just doing it for 10 minutes and you do a you know it's like a checkbox I did my meditation for 10 minutes and that's it and you go back so even you do it over and over again like set up been doing it for almost a month now it becomes kind of like when I mean that moment of anger or anxiety or something I am now able to take the pause right and then kind of pause for a little bit see what's going on and get through the problem before I act you know before before this I would just we all very reactive right something happens and we just act very quickly right and so now I'm able to pause a little bit think about it before I do something so that I think that's like our parents when they use a scream right exactly and they just lose it and it's the very person thing to do and it's not so that that's an important stuff meditation I think so yeah I mean it's becoming bigger and bigger and I feel like what you're saying is very important because people don't live in the present and and be able to live with intent so it's very important that people be able to take a page out of this I think Dr. Mozi has been doing a great job explaining not only the factors of what gut health is about but also mental health and being able to be able to balance it because they're so intertwined right your gut is so intertwined and I feel like there's going to be more and more information going out I wanted to just I know you're super busy and I do want to be able to ask you about a couple of supplements like some of the people in the office were asking about creatine do you know anything does it have you noticed anything with creatine or amino acids or or any protein supplements that were causing any issues in a long or creatine I mean it can falsely elevate your kidney function right and so but it is fairly safe there've been many studies on it and you know it really doesn't I'm okay with patients taking that when they come saying that they're taking creatine I'm like well I mean if I if I get your kidney function and it's elevated I know why it's for letting me know because then I would freak out I'm like well why your kidney function I have normal and so but I haven't really seen a lot of problems with it and the more of because I I looked that at it for myself because I'm like oh maybe I should take some creatine you know right I'm exercising which is takes them okay I got a guy who could get I know a guy so I was just looking into it and I'm like oh okay well so I did some search and I asked around I even asked a friend of mine was in a phrologist and they're like it's it's just falsely elevated it's not a real value so I'm okay with that some of the other supplements it depends on where they get it and you know it's important to brand of the supplements and if it's from reputable place or not because some supplements that are not you know that have a good quality they can really cause liver damage and cause abnormal liver enzymes and you know that's one of the most common things one of the most common things we've seen are clinic is abnormal liver enzymes so I always ask about supplements right because we don't we don't know but if it's a supplement that we know and it's from a reputable name then I'm okay with it you know we'll just rule out other causes of liver enzymes and you know we may briefly pause it for a maybe a month or two see if the liver enzymes improve and if you know if it improves then we'll maybe because even the medications that are studied extensively they're like given the FDA approved medicine or antibiotics taking sometimes cause abnormal liver enzymes right so so maybe that type of supplement is not for that person so if that's the case if you stop it and the liver enzymes normalize they'll tell the patient hey look this was probably from your supplement if it doesn't make any difference and there's still want to take it and then they probably can go back to it so it's just depends. Oh that's good that's good information and like you said it's very very mildly regulated when it comes to supplements so anybody with a credit card can go out and make a supplement company but you don't obviously know exactly what's in it so you again dealing with a reputable company right yeah I have my company but whoever's products you use make sure you trust it because ultimately you're digesting these products you're ingesting these products and they can be harmful so make sure you're getting with a company that's reputable who's going to be doing third-party testing and making sure that everything is very very above board because you could be taking something that's super cheap and again Amazon's had issues without in the past with getting products that have just not been properly tested and then the end up finding out that hey look this is not a good situation and then people end up getting sick about red wine that was another question what is your take on just whether red wine white wine any wine alcohol like on the gut health what is your take on that is it just moderation or is it something where are you guys seeing anything so you know some doctors that are just like anything with alcohol in it is bad it's bad for cells it's bad for your brain cells it's it's just it you know basically you can just basically each you up from the inside then there's other ones that are just very doctors that are very more into just okay moderation a little bit of red wine red wine is better than white wine but just making sure that you're not overdoing it what is your take on it on alcohol also there is not a quote and quote safe amount of alcohol right so patients always ask so what's kind of have one or two I don't know there's not there's everybody's different right so but based on guidelines maybe you know guys can have like maybe a couple of drinks and and woman can have one drink a day or something so you know that's the limit per say but there is not a safe limit a have patients that have one or two drink a day and they have abnormal liver enzymes and they should stop that right there are patients that do that and they're fine so again I'm a man of moderation mostly so if I mean if you want to have one or two drinks here and there's probably okay red versus why I don't I don't know I mean I don't think there is I mean well we said maybe red wine is a little bit better for your heart and this and that but I don't know if I can back that up with any scientific research personally so what are you drink none of you know you're not in beer no okay okay you're you're a gatoring okay yeah awesome awesome no I really appreciate all of the you know going into this again I know you're super busy thank you for stopping by you know the the podcast studio I can't wait to be able to just as we speak and again I'm always constantly referring people to you you know because you've done an amazing job when you have a doctor who gets you in you don't remember anything and you walk away and you're like yeah that was that wasn't bad that was okay then he gave you the good stuff he got I was able to do the procedure no issues and whatnot and then even even Nick Evegen Nick came over and saw you and again he had to get a rush and was able to to book time with you so again we got Dr. Mazir Malakuti again appreciate all of your time and of course you know I know your time is super valuable so thank you for sharing with the audience everything that we were able to go over and I can't wait to be able to at some point but love to talk to your wife about the hormones are you got a regeek out on those here and she loves talking about those things and again please get your screening colonoscopy if you can it's not it's not bad I mean you get anus you get sedation you're I mean the day before yes the prep may be not the best thing but you know if you can if you can get it I would restrain the recommended high fiber diet healthy diet meditation water so it'd basically healthy things I think that would go a long way and at the end of the day if there's a problem with your booty call Dr Malakuti I love it I love it thank you doc appreciate you honey rambo Dr Malakuti and that's the truth

=== FILE: Training Like a Figure Pro! Cyd Gillon x Lauralie Chapados Back Workout [SyznpA9iPc0].txt ===

Oh, that's a competition now. Yeah! Hey, don't you think I'm a competition guy? That's a competition. Tension class for now. She's gonna eat and figure it out guy. What's up guys? I am here with another, and it's two beautiful points. I got the go, Sid, eight-time misfigure Olympia, as well as the current in reigning Miss bikini Olympia, Laura Lee. That's right. We're gonna get ready to do what body one? Ready to back to bed. That's right. We're here at the E-Vision Headquarters. Big both have just got a loader up. One of the free workouts in now. Oh, by the way. Okay, flavor, what you're saying? Hey, three pop, EVP, 3D. Really non-sim? Yes. Then, did you go with the strong unbuttrolled? I did not, that's wrong with it. But you said, dude, that's wrong. Yes. And then, with the budget. And it clicks around the victory punch. And I did that EVP was a good one. Okay, so that's EVP HQ, victory punch, with the sound with, sour candy. It's our candy. It's true. Wow. We own non-sim step, retired, retired. Right? She just poured out and chimped in the before. And then, now we have the rainy champ. Again, we're 13 weeks, just under 13 weeks out. Okay. Yesterday, we did a little ham together. So if you haven't seen that video, make sure you check that out. Now we're gonna get ready to do some back. And again, right now, how are you training? Miss Olympia, retired, eight-time goats? I'm doing all the things. I have two full body day now. I do a crop of dog class, a yoga class, and I do running twice a week now. So it's very much functional, very much trying to be an overall athlete type of vibe. So from Athens out there, we'd probably be going to show you what retirement life was like. That's all I said. And then you are in full glow and Olympic mood. So we're gonna get ready to podcast also after we've done. And we're gonna talk a little bit about tired it. And a little bit of current trying to get back. And still Olympia champ trying to get to that point to get ready for a back-to-back finish. I know you can kind of really get scarf because you got this, you're not gonna be Arnold, which you're body-rest, you feel like you're gonna be impressed. First time you've done that, and almost seven years. Yes, that is. Let's try to say that you remember. Yeah. So, are you excited? Are you excited? You a little bit of back. Hi, I'm excited. Especially being in back. I mean, you're perfect. You can take a bit of the running look just so that it has the back, you know. And you know how to train this. So I'm excited. Yeah, so we're gonna start off with some dumbbell when our dumbbell rows. They're gonna do some dead lifts. They're gonna do it. You don't start. Wait a minute. I'm not hot. You're coming. No, hot. You're coming. Yeah. You're coming. So we're gonna do a bikini figure champion workout. Let's kill it. All right guys, before we get started, one thing I do want to mention is the shirt that I'm wearing is available. It's like the Legion Trish Nutcom. All the proceeds, all the proceeds, I'm not just the profit, all the proceeds. Of this particular shirt, are gonna be given to the flood victims from the Fourth of July flood. So again, a lot of families were affected. Children will pass away because of this. Tragedic accident with all the different flooding in that full area. We wanted to be able to get back. So everything that comes from proceeds from this shirt on the Legion Trish and website will go towards the victims. So any help would be highly appreciated. So again, thank you guys so much in our prayer to the families and loved ones for those that survived and for those that ask. Again, maybe the rest in peace. We love you all. Thank you for the support. All right guys, so we are starting now with a pot of pull down, circular, it's converging, it comes down. It simulates a back to the bicep. That's why I like it so much. This is something where we can also talk a little bit to sit about what you might have done a little bit differently versus a bikini competitor, versus a figure champion. So again, we've got the two champs in the house. We can talk about comparing contrast. It gives some of you out there. May still need to bump up volume or weight or exercise depending on what your needs are. You could be a bikini competitor, but you might have to train like a figure competitor only because you have to put on that exercise. So let's go ahead and get to us. So nice thing about this pinot of ease. Again, it's simulates almost going into a back to the bicep. You want to get full range of motion. A really good stretch to be able to stretch out. There you go. You can go up even a little further. Further further. There you go. Pull all the way. There you go. Again, a lot of people think that bikini does not need back. It absolutely does. Even though you're hair covers your back, you want to be able to still have that B taper. And especially from the front pose, you see that back go right into that oblique. Cool, good job. Good set. It's good. Good one set. Starting with overhand. Did it pick up? It was better. Your eye cover is coming. I'm going to have the ends. I couldn't see it. It was making my head up. Now man, what's the deal? Put your legs long to my head. I don't know. When you're people, you got some thickness in there. No? Let's go. That's the losing. You got those wellness legs now. No, no. Good. Good. There you go. Great. So as you can see, even though she's nine months, ten months retired, she is still an amazing shade. Some people do think you're asking you if you're going to come back? They do. I didn't do well with them. They just lift your leg. Good. That's the thing for life. That's a nice thing. There you go. Yep. Really? Good. Excellent range of motion. Is there something you would normally do also when you're pregnant? Absolutely. I was a pull down point. We do part three to four different exercise pull-downs with a different different variations. But it's like pull down everything. And then it was out with a couple of working sets. Or it was it. Just how many working sets on me want to move? I don't know. Because at that point when T takes over, I just just go. But when I was training myself, like before, we would go out with him. I would only do like four total sets. I would warm up on the first exercise. And then going to work and sets everything from that point was working. Because they have things to warm at that point. I think he was like men in black when you bring it right. He was like forget all the exercises and the reps that the set. There's lift away. Move it down and it's down. That's it. That's it. That's right. All right. How was that way? It's good. Oh yeah. She wants some weight. Yeah. I love it. I love it. I just want to see it's my class big brother. I think it's typical because when you were going, your elbow was like, I also back here. So when you release, you kind of kind of stop here versus dropping it. You probably learn as blood. What you kind of drop under? Yeah. This is who tried that. Okay. I see what that sounds like. Okay. That's right. Do you got down further? There's no way. That's too low. Is that too low? I like it. Okay. Good. All right. Good stretch. Good. Squeeze. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. She's that right side. Don't. Go in. Go in. Yeah. Bring it to you. Go in. Drop your trash down first. Go from there. Oh. There. Go. Oh. That's good. Good. Again. Much better. Stretch. Good. Good. That's a field. Good. Good. Right. Ready and then then off. Again. So I want to say right traps still. Good. Good. It's good. Have you been moving now? Keep going. I'll tell you. Yeah. You have a little bit of engagement. But not much. Yeah. No. You're good. Good. squeeze better one more like that. Good. You should have strong. Good job. So when I do, when I think of it, what I think of kind of like, how, what I get the stretch. So I'm getting to get the stretch, but I want you to try to think of long neck. So if you get up here, your neck's no longer long. If you always keep it down, even when I'm stretching at the top, I like to think of it like a dead hang. I'm not. You don't always have to do this, but I'm a dead hang girl. Even under my pull-ups, I'm dead hangy coming back into. I don't keep attention on it because I want to really this engage, and then make sure I'm using my last to come back through. So that way, like, you just think long neck to keep those traps down. Even when you go up, and you're pulling my gown, none of this moves. I hear you. Okay. I try that one. So again, a lot of people will end up having issues because they're trying to engage their traps unknowingly. So exactly what Sid was saying, tends to happen, whether you're a guy or your girl and you're trying to train, and you don't want those traps constantly firing, because that's what's going to get really, really developed, and you won't be able to get that V-taper you're looking for because you're constantly on those traps. So you want to be able to relax your traps, which means that the lecturing neck, which she was mentioning, was trying to go into that. So who would look like this by the way? Yes. It's not damn. It's my first new lens. Keep in this down the hallway, and pull it through. There you go. A lot of engagement. Good. But it's under his capital, I knew. It's your step in the hallway. That was really, like a little wind show, I heard. Good. And you suck the sock. You bet. You bet. You bet. Good. Good. Cool. Good. That extra extension. That's it. Cool. Good. Excellent. Also for you to try, not easy to come, because that's an unfortunate and turn you rotate too. Like what you put your left hand on the outside. I know you don't watch your biceps coming or something like that. Keep your hand out so that your fingers are disbottled through. So you're not in grip because that's part of your vet. And goes into your biceps too. Okay. Good. Do you want to add another 10? Throw a 45 on? What do you want? Uh. Come on. So a 45 on. Take that down. I don't even do it. Easy for you. That's where you put your feet to the floor right now. You should do it. Okay. Let's try it. I think you do both of those way. Yeah. You should do it. Come on. Yeah. You're on that cell count. You're on that cell count. Loady the up. Pretty a team. Kick it in. Okay. So wrong now. Yeah. Go on. Good. You come down. Who was elbows down to push your dips? Good. You got it. Good. Hold it there for a second. Take it from now. Let's see what that does. Anything time to go. You're going to have to be more. Yeah. Good. Not a bad fail. Yeah. Good. Can you stretch it? Good. You're going better. Good. There's just a little heavy now. You stretch it stretch it stretch it stretch it stretch it. Oh. Good. Good. Good. Good. Cool. Good. That was good. That trapped down the right. That was a bit. Yeah. There you go. Cool. Good. That was built with a trapped out. Oh. That was very easy when those last words. Yeah. Let's see if back over right there in front of the flag. Right there. Yes. Oh. Good. There you go. Boom. There you go. Who says bikini competitors can't pose? If my little thumb went back right back. But yeah. I was like wait. Wait. I do that. Also watch too. But now you like to have to this was lower your fits up like this. It's better. Get your foot. Hold your foot on the ground. Yeah. Good. You do that. You do that. You do that. You do that. You do that. And you keep that foot on the ground. Blast it around. And you're noticed too. Pretty good. But even if I'm in my shoes, I'll drive my heels. And I can decide how much my lead I engage with my pinky toe. My fourth toe. My third toe. My big toe. Kind of playing around with that. Sometimes you may have to turn a foot a little bit slightly different on one side. So you engage at full side. I'm talking about. No, it's not. So like sometimes I've been on left one. Shut up. I'll turn a toe a little bit. Drive it. And a shut up. So you got to get it real than two with that. Just so you can see which it seems to tell you because a lot comes with and feet. Yeah. A lot of injuries. And you can see. It could be your chop as a game. But it could be your right foot. My reason is not going to be foot. Yes. So you when you come down. So it's a second. All right. Here we come down. Drive the track first. And we pull down. The armchair. It's a position. Yeah. And it's a two-way down. So every United already engaged. This is that they are first. Then one for an air. Oh, okay. Yeah. Don't fidget. Play those feet. Stick them. Yeah. Don't fidget. Play those feet. Stick them. Yeah. They're good. Big stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch. I mean, you want to really exaggerate the right side of the track right now. Yep. Keep stretching the disc rear. Lift. Lift this rear book. That's right. Yep. You crunch on the side when you pull down. Got your arms with my head. You know, your ribs is like your on a week's insurator kind of pulling you to that side. You just made this with a bit tight. Better. Because on this side, you have to work more and you're going to get that chap down. You got that, you know. And you're engaging here and it's stretch and it's not dropped out. Pulling, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it. Exactly. Better. Jeff's down. Long neck. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Pull it, pull it, pull it. Good. Good. Pull, pull. Pull. That's how you're going to do that. Good. Awesome. I'm going to watch out for it too. It's the pinnacle we pull down. How much arch and a little bit or how much public touch you want to have. And if it's sometimes the pinnacle we you tilt, it will give you more spawn of the Rectors. Engagement. All right. So, I know in McKinney, you want to watch for that. You're not going fully all the way down. Just watch for that. So, it is not carving more muscle gain going out over this way. Good. Keep a pause on the rebound. Let's go. Hold it. Good. Let's master that way. Good. Hold it. Good job. Again, two seconds. One thousand one. One thousand two. Down. One thousand one. One thousand two. Last one. Hold it. Hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. One. Easy. Easy. Oh man. This one first room back where God will allow. Is it? Because that I just full body. I only need full lips. Oh. That's it. That's it. That's it. Just play away. By the way, when we're up. The pins, I try to get like 30 totals. So, I have a little like in the 15 and on time. 10 at one time. That's the really strict one. So, I said, like, a thing out one. That's why you're mastering this little light stuff. I didn't even know what. I think you go up. That's it. But just thinking that just doing a pull-up is an Ancientist. How much your strength is actually maintaining. Because pull-up's a way harder. Anything. 100%. Like, 100%. That's right. When we're young, we can all do them. Exactly. Like, oh, we do that pull-up now. Yeah. Yeah. Because pull-ups are just too hard. Exactly. Five of those. That's it. That's all that work I do. Just like, just like, just like, just like, just like, just like, just like, just like, just like pound cow thinnings. That's it. Yeah, really cool. Full of long time. I mean, I was thinking to do it now, but I think I need to bend girl. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Your abs and stuff. He's like, steps in here. So, we can do this. We're going to go ahead and we're going to mix it up. Have a little closer grip. Oh, I have no idea. Yeah. So, let's do that. Like, we did in white creeps. How is it like? Yeah. We didn't get one. Oh, I'm about to hear. Awesome. Alright. Now, we're going to go ahead and change up the exercise. We're going to go close grip. So, almost like a few that was simulating a V-bar. We're going to do that on the foot because we got the master blast right here, herself. And then we're going to go ahead and see if Laura Lee can do a pull up. Pause the video right now and go into the comments and tell me how many reps you think Laura Lee's going to get. And how many reps you think that's it is going to get. Okay. Go ahead and I want you to see it in the comments. Alright. So, I'm very excited to announce that I finally getting ready to launch my own FST7 transformation challenge. It's going to be a six week transformation challenge. And the winner will receive $5,000. That's right. $5,000 to the winner with the biggest transformation. It's open to men and women of all ages. It's going to be a six weeks challenge. You're going to be able to get all the information on the FST7 app to be the best version of yourself. Very excited. This is my first transformation challenge. It's going to be August 11th that we're going to be kicking it off. So, make sure you go to honeyrambaud.com for all the information. Can not wait to see your photos. And seeing if you're going to be the best version of yourself. There's good. Three, four, five, six, seven, seven, nice and eight. Good. Come on. That's it. Time to go. Ten. Ten. You love it. You love it. Come on. You want more? Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Thank you. Good. One. Thank you. I tried to do the ones that aren't astray. I can't do it. I don't think you need a bar. I don't think she doesn't. She's not. She's not. I don't think she doesn't. More. You might be my last video here. You'd be like, you're actually fired. You're fired. You're fired. Yeah. You got this. And then the reason. It makes you overarch because you won't fill in your biceps. If you go this way, but you have to go scoop it. Right. When you're hanging, you're going to have the insulin muscles to get more. Yeah. So what you're saying is just a few barge. What you're going to do is you're going to feel it. Lots of it more. Yeah. And then arms just are more ancillary. I mean, it'll under emphasize. You're still going to get some more. Yeah. I'm going to show you. Yeah. Okay. So we're going to see how my core is disconnected. It's my point of time. Okay. All right. All right. So make sure. Well, for said. You're going there. Lurely. How many are you going to do? Don't cheat. Go into the comments. Go ahead. Give it a guess. Let's go. It's true. He got a shred of things. Okay. Don't stress. Come on. I want to make that. There you go. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep that tough. Go. Go. Good. Or keep going. Keep going. Come on. You got it. You got it. You got it. Now we'll see now. Come on. Good. So now we're going to make this now go with nice and slow. So you notice I'm helping with the positive. And then she's going to go slow on the negative. So it's like e-centric. I'm going to do one more just like that. Up. Right there. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Good job. So you got five. Let's get. Yeah. She's too much. That's good. That's good. Thank you. Good. I think okay. Let me ask you this. Did you think that you're going to do less or more going to do it? I thought I was going to do less. Thanks. Yes. Is that you're going to do like two or three? What? I love how she believes in herself. One. That's right. That's it. That's it. That's it. All right. How did that feel? Empowering. Really is. It really is. It's probably needs to do more of those functional workmen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But that's it. Yeah. No more. More set. We're going to do one more set. Okay. So that's it. Let's go. We're going to do one more. You got this. There you go. Very big arch. Two. Three. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Five. Good. Yes. Six. Good. So I'm going to. Eight. One more. Nice. Up. Up. Up. I'm barely helping her. Just the great time. Now she's going to nice and slow. She's going to nice and slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Now we have her one big closet. Go up. Right there. Hold it. I've done. You got it. Slow. Good job. Good job. Good job. See that back door. Why set. Get that opposite set up a little bit right there. There you go. Well. Hold that. Hold that. Hold that. She didn't even get to do this pose with a stand-alone. That's it. I don't know. I think I'll come to your show if you guess post. Yeah. I don't know. There you go. I think about it. If you guys want to see her guest post getting the comments below. Because honestly, I would love for her to go out on her own show. So when's the show next? Me, there you go. So make three at the land in Georgia. Right? Right. So you fly into Atlanta. That's right. How far is the road? 30 minutes. 30 minutes. And then we're going to talk more about her show. But let me know if you think that she should guess post. Because I think she guess post. The research analytics are that sick. That everybody thinks that Julian's got better genetics. Like the best out there. This is the one that we're going to talk about on the podcast. And why I believe she has the best genetics in history of body. So he is like a lot of body. So really, really good. Very kind of. Yes. Is genetics all the rest? Like it's like, yeah. When I first saw you train, but for some, I was like, what the hell? It just would be everything I did together. All right. Okay. I just thought I could do one. All right. This is it. So the last thing on this, make it count. We're going to try to go for five. You guys, do the best you can. Okay? You got it. We got this. Remember, bend your knees, crush your ankles. And then go on. That's it. Yeah. Go. Good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You got that. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. It's a little bit of help. There you go. Good. Good. Again. Good. Up. Up. Good. Very good. Up. Up. Up. Right there. Hold. Now you need to do a five second descent. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Four. Three. Come out. Two. One. Just stretch. Good job. That's how you work. Good. Now back to the vice. There you go. Because you know, we got to throw it in the pose. Did you? Did you? Did you? Did you? Did you? Did you? You did. You did. You did. You did. You did. Boom. There you go. That's it. There you go. There you go. There you go. Look. It's a little nervous. There you go. Ooh. Look at that. Look at that. Be tapered guys. He's going to be at her show because she's gone down and so. Let me see if I'm done with my stuff. He's going to eat from the front. Yeah. Both of you. Wait. There you go. And put it in the trunk of this on just a tree. Do a little bit of a leg out there. Okay. Boom. There you go. We're going to picture in the middle. Okay. Just because. Just because. All right. We're saying this. I'll take a photo. Yeah. All right. That's it. It's not girls out because it takes away persona. It's just you, you are of machine. You do the work of solid. So how's your comment? It's popped. I can tell you how to go to why. I'm not going. You gotta go. Come a turf check now. Come a captive. Yeah. You have cops. Hold on. Hold on. Just get a serious number. There you go. There you go. There you go. Here. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. There you go. This is it. She's pushing class. She's on the E in bigger now, guys. She's on her place, me. She's so great. That's it. She's going to go back and forth. Yeah, I think this girl, which is the vision you're going to do. I'm going to be kidding one year. You ready to be kidding? I have to start for that to hear. I see you doing well on this before the evening. I definitely do. Yeah. The amount of time I want to take me to the meeting, I probably have to be like 115 now. Announcements being made right now. They're going to switch classes. She's going to do figure and she's going to do the meeting. Coming out of retirement, eight-time, misalempy along with going back to back. She's going to level up and bring it back down. There's going to be no level it out. Sorry, Kim. Don't have a heart attack. All right. We're done with that. So now let's talk a little bit about it's your back workout. Yeah, okay. So we threw in a little bit of, you know, Sid's style pull-ups. What do you normally do for back as well as doing a pull-down motion? I would say one of my favorite machine for phenomena is just one all the way over there. That has a big fence and grip. So we can venture into that. Otherwise we can just pull over. I always have a pull over in my name workout. Okay. Sure. Okay. Let's try your wanting first. How does it pull over? Since we're like in that and then we can just finish up with that. So what we're going to do is we did a pull-down slash pull-up. Now we're going to pull over stretch out those lats. The punata machine is fantastic. It's being able to really stretch out your lats. Some of the other manufacturers have good pull over machines. But this one tends to do really well at being able to get you a full stretch and a full contraction through a midway. So let's go. So we're just going to use the straps. Pour it in and use your hands on the bar. Just get it depending on how long your arms are. We have shorter, two-rex arms like mine. The straps come in handy. But you have longer arms. Good. Just make sure you lead with the elbows. Okay. You're going to go that. Okay. You can't be high around the feet. Your shoulders actually in line with the pivot point. Oh, the arrow back there. You can't come on just a tiny bit higher if you like. My boat is a little bit just one. There you go. That's fine, right? Yeah. That's fine. And then you remember to lead with the elbow. Good. Got this. Got this. There you go. Good. Stretch. And then you just do about three reps. And then we're going to do it without the stretch right now. Just do your thing. Okay. And then you do three reps with the straps. And then you see if we feel a difference. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'd rather the handles. And then pull with theirs. Yeah. Hold them just like that. Just like that. Just like that. Okay. There you go. They can really work because you're such a compact torso. You can put a pad in a little portion of that. I'm going to give you a little bit more stretch. Okay. Yes. All right, champ. That's easy. Go. You got champ. And we have champ champ champ champ champ champ. Yeah. Champ champ. Just a lot. Just very easy. Just a little champ. It's like. And now I'm prepping. Like it. Like it. Like it. Like it. Like it. Like it. Like it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit low. She's a little bit taller than you. Just a little just an inch or two. Good. She's a little even more than good. Like everything is connected. Like some grids don't have a slightly. Don't lie. How impressed were you with that for relaxed? Very best. The waist snap. That's right. I'm wearing a little waff waist. That's right. I saw the look in your eye. Yeah, you know, you can just use this plumbing. Yeah, like. There you go. Good job. Good job. Did you have a good experience feeling like you wanted to bounce? I've actually never used a belt on this. Ever. That's right. It just really keeps your hips back. Especially when you're heavy or it just what normally happens is the reason why you have a seat belt is that when you're heavy, you're, but it's going to want to come off. And then you lose the range of motion. And how? Because you're on stretching. So you strap down so that you keep your hips down. OK. So you have a better stretch. Usually you don't usually need to during the warm-up way. OK. When you go heavier, but we can play around with it a little bit. And also we can create a little bit more extreme stretch because if we add a little bit of that pad, it will get you forward so we can do that as well. OK. So we'll go ahead and try that. Let me get you a seat. So a little bit. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. Yeah. That's about where it was. Yeah. That's where you liked it. You could be one lower depending on how it differs. Let's see what they're thinking about. Are you feeling good though? Great. OK. Perfect. Good. Cleaning, clean reps. Good. Feel a little more of that stretch. Yeah. That's what we do. And it falls up exactly right as I'm supposed to. Like there. Yeah. And then as you come down, get your hands a little further apart so you can go a little farther down, hast your quads. Oh, yes. Yes. They don't like that. OK. So you can just bring it down. You don't want to stop prematurely. OK. Just like that. Good. I thought that. Yeah. So when you do that, it's almost like showing off that Christmas tree pose that we got. You want to take a look at what you're bringing your elbows back. That's it. You're going to be like this on the same. That's it. That's right. That's right. That's right. What? What's going on over there? It's beginning to turn into. Yeah. Ooh. Squeeze. Yes. Good. That really helps with that contraction. Bring that elbows. Squeeze good. Good. And then those out through the mouth don't forget to breathe. Good contraction. Pause the bottom. Good. It's like that. Control the weight. Do not let it control you. Focus on the outcome. Think about how your back is going to be. Really nice and detailed on stage. Good. Control. Yes. Squeeze. Continue. Two, two, two. You got this. Drive. Yes. Yeah. Good. Nice stretch. Stretch. And then now you pull. Hold it. Slow, slow. That's it. Good job. Oh. Sorry, my little sore now. Yeah. This is what I'm going to be feeling. Good. So we're good, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, if you got to go with that, no problem. That's it. That's a nice stretch. Yeah. Okay. Very good. Yeah. Behind the neck, right up. Yep. Good. You want to sit those hips back. There you go like that. Just sit back. That's it. Yeah. Get to that maximum stretch. Good. I think it's me. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Beautiful. Good. Good. Beautiful. Good. Maximal stretch. There. Good. Squeeze. Control in the down. Now as you come down, sit. Bring your hands apart. Clap so that your your arm gets a little bit further down. There you go. Good. Good. Keep on moving. Nice. It's a... Easy. Easy. So strong. Good. Good. Squeeze. Good. Two more. Good. One more. You got one more. Come on. Easy. Go down and I want you to pause over. Let's go. When the water collapsed. One more. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Like that. Hold it. Right there. Hold it. Ooh, yeah. That's it. Put inside. We're doing it nice. Now we have. We're doing a nice negative at the very end. All you internet warriors out there that want to turn around and pick apart our techniques and say that there's a clinical studies on whatever or is that you think, me not work. Please continue to believe that. Oh, this one's great. So we have multiple styles of grip. So the more you seconate, the more you're going to feel like the lower lap. So you can go neutral. You go really neutral. Really seconation with being almost like a reverse feeling. So we should all be like, I don't see. I like to use all of them. But you know, see, I like to go neutral. And then I like to go out with a supinated grip. Yeah, so let's go here. So let's go here for you to set up there. See how it feels. But so, how you try it? 40-knowage, which we use pretty much. I want to take 25. I'm going to start with 35. But let's go to 35. I'm going to work there. Because I need my. I still do my hard to do that. You're five. I'm saying it's a different making. Because I really don't. I can't move. I'm in it. Let's go. Let's go. OK. OK. I'm trying to get your hips down. Left and the stretch. Yep. And then you're going to go in. You see how it turns. Yeah. Right away. That's, you know, I'm going to pull things up. OK. Yeah. And just pull things up. OK. OK. OK. Come on. That's it. Your focus. Good. There you go. So as you're coming down, but pull good. Excellent. Stretch, stretch, and pull. You long get that muscle. You long get it down. No way. You're pretty good. And then go all the way up. You want to stretch. Stretch, stretch, and then pull. Good job. Good. There you go. Yeah. Mine are discomfort. You come. Pull the measure. Try to keep stomach. Perfective. Double egg. She's training. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. That's better. Good. There you go. Pull. Good. That's it. Now show how easy it is. Good. She's a lost stronger. Yes. She looks. I tell you. She goes in there and tries to play all day deep. Take a little leg. Goal fish and little pepito like easy. And then all the sudden she comes out. She like a cactus. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Hard to go. Let's go. Let's go. One more. One more. That's it. That's it. There you go. There you go. It's so easy. She's just in motion. She's just big. Her. No, so you can do that way. No. She's like a point. She's like a point. She's like a point. She's like a point. That was easy. I thought it was a point. This is not it. This is not easy. This is more of a point. You guys haven't used the machine before. Yeah. You're really trying to get rid of it. If you try to get rid of the competition. Good. Oh. It's like a little roller coaster. Yeah. I like it. I don't like it. Good stretch. Good stretch. I'll be able to go right here. Good. Good. You're the burn. Good. Good. I'm going to do the final two reps. But I want you to do the one you keep. I'll break the hair. Okay. And then bring your arms to you. And pull like that. There you go. And then stretch. And then pull. Pull. It was back one more. Just like that. And then bring your elbows back. Go. Good job. There you go. Good. It's going to make that back to my simple give matter. That other day it gives something else. It looks like right away. It gives more middle. Yeah. Yeah. Like all through. Especially because my curve and my spine is a little bit higher. So it gives all my stabilizers and muscles in there. It makes you my spine taste straight. So that that helps. It helps. It helps. It helps. It helps. It just makes sure everything just kind of walks in. All those muscles in between. I'll work into. Yeah. What's up with this? I don't know. I don't know. You don't put it on there. I believe it. Put it down. You're good. I don't believe you. You got it. Get small. There you go. Get small. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You got like both of y'all. What are you doing? Why are you doing? Back home by self-stage. There you go. You got it. All right. Let's go. It's between the ears. Yep. And then pull. That's it. There you go. Good. It's nice to have a chat. We need to do the full release. We have to understand to move about. Good. Come on. Here. You look good. Yep. All the way. That's it. There you go. There you go. It's just to the neck. Hold on. You got this. Good. Good. Good stretch. Good squeeze. Oh yeah. Hold on. You're trying to go back. I'm going to swing five. Good. Work out. Mark is over. You got it. Work out. Mark is over. Come on. Let's go. Work out. Come on. Good. A little stretch. Stretch. Control. And pull. Pull. Pull. Good. Two just like that. Come on. One more. You got this. You got it. Come on. You got this. Pull. Pull. All the way down. Good job. There you go. Hold it. It's stuck. Right. A barrier. So that's why I have to drop more. This one. I have to drop it. Go on. Yes. I'll just go to my own car. I'll just do the opposite. And kind of just know what those with another thing. Switch it. So that's how I do it. Because you got to do this. I can't say. So what we're talking about is when Laura Lee's going into her pose. Because I'm such an excellent pose. Like it's a bikini. I'll go out. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Go ahead. Go to your pose. Right there. So right there. Watch this. Boom. So because you're used to doing one side of all time. What you're seeing is it becomes dominant on that side. Now again, they don't usually go back and forth. So when proper coaches when it comes to posing are coaching you. They're going to tell you to do what? That's right. So you're going to go to that side. It's going to feel completely like completely out of character. But when you do that, all it happens is your body completely transforms and you're able to get both sides to be able to actually balance out. But it feels super strange. Very strange. Very strange. Very strange. Right. Because you get a dominant side when it comes to your del. You're trapped in your lap because you're constantly just hitting that side. So even the lower body. So what you want to do is balance it out by being able to do poses on both sides. And so therefore you don't have an in balances. Yes. And training on it. Training on it. Training on it. Definitely training too. That's really the problem. Yeah. I think a lot of people too. I noticed when a lot of the goal asks me questions. I'm like, why do you do so much? What are I'm working on? And I'm like, and you're not doing that? You can't go through all of your workouts. Only doing bilateral work. You never know where your weakness is. Actually, you do one arm at a time. One leg at a time. One boot at a time. Just so you can see what's actually happening to your body. Especially if you're like me, I have a short leg. School girls. There's a lot of things. I got a counterbalance. Why have to do primary and unit a lot of work. Especially because of exactly what you just said. A lot of people don't even understand or even know if they have a lower dose. So when you have a school, you know, so you're going to do that. You're going to have a actual curvature in your back. So that's curvature. Many of us have slight school doses, but some others have a very major school doses. And then a lot of us is basically means the spine is actually going towards your belly button. And then that's going to give you possible distension or looks like it's essentially. But it's just what's happening as we turn sideways is that your back is actually curved towards your belly button, vertebrae. So that's what the difference between school doses and lower doses. So you have to work around those things, especially if you have them, so that you can be able to create a properly balanced physique. That's why back days are a mess for me. And when I retire as I say like I'm training for life, if I were to ever stop doing back workouts, my quality of life is going. Like when my was first diagnosed with school doses, I had a 41-degree curve that was 40 degrees at the time away from getting surgery for my spine. So I wore a brace 18 hours a day, all the way up to my chest had to sleep in it, eat in it. Only time took it off with for basketball, cheerleading and track practice. So when you're doing that, that's what the weight lifting becomes important because those muscles are what pushed my spine straighter. Those muscles are what they're my posing better in that all started in the gym and training that makes sure I was focused on those details. So that way I look symmetrical. Nobody knew I had a short leg, but I could tell it to my friends. I know what leg is supposed to be where I know where I have to put my other foot on my other heel to make it look like it's. The same and it really wasn't. So people like I'll sit your profile and I'm like, okay, I'm not. Nobody is. But you can make it look as close apart as you can. So that's why it's just all in the position. That's right. Good. That's a good. I'll put it out. I should do one more breath. Now put the weight back. That one will change up. There you go. Now this is the way of showing you how much you're different. You've got to lower latin gauge. Do you feel that? Yeah. Good. Good. Nice control. Nice squeeze. Excellent. Watch the third. Do you want to bring your hands into your upper body? Good. Stretch. And squeeze. Excellent. Three more. One. Good. Two. One more. Good. Come on, sit. You got one more. Nice. Squeeze. Called it. Good job. Good job. Excellent. Woo. Now let's see. The 80s. So let's go over here. You got the good light right there. There you go. There you go. It's actually hurts. It does. Yeah. If you get your back and so pumped up. Now turn around. Let's see that back last breath. There you go. Good. Pull it out. Pull it out. You shoulders there. More. Just up. There you go. That's it. Shoulders up. Like that. Boom. Hold that. Hold that. Yeah. You're going to get used to that. You're going to get you supposed to get her show. Remember? Right outside of Georgia. And it may. Twenty twenty six. Woo. Good job. Oh. Fall all the way down. That's it. That's it. That's what I long as I couldn't do. Watch out, vibree. Right. I couldn't feel anything like like low back. Why? Because I think it's my neurons were so shut off. My low doses. Because I literally just learned to stop feeling down there. So that way everything just stays in place. You don't have to really worry about it. Because you don't fill it in the exist. So you just keep going through life. Figure it out. But then like the last couple of years. I started doing different styles of training. And I got back in touch with like the spiral records all the way down. Because it actually benefited my posing in my glutes and my hamstrings. Just a bullet of connection again. Like you feel like you lift it everything up. Like you bring it up. Yeah. Everything. Get my blood. Bring some extra together. Yeah. Because I was already really strong. I'm so much more in my strong food. My entire life. But it pulled everything together. Just made it just like flow really well. Which is crazy because you take somebody who's got lordosis, scoliosis. And then now it's your strongest body part. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Yep. I'm telling you. All right. Let's go. Last one. Come on, big slow. All right. So we're going to do this grip. So we're going to have more of that supinated trip. Okay. See how that feels. Higher there, the grip. You have it. You had it higher. Yeah. Let's go. Good. Let's go. Good. You want to be down. I know. I know. Good. You got it. Come on. Nice. Two. Oh yeah. You can definitely see a difference. That little feel that little lot. Nice. Two. Yeah. You can definitely see a difference. That little feel that little lot. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Good. And. Keep it more tight. More tight. More tight. I can throw that ready. Good. Troll. There. You can see that you have that lower light in gear. You're going through the range of motion. Good. There you go. Good. Excellent. Good. You going? Good. Good. You going? Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep it. Stretch it. You're going to stretch it a little more. Stretch it a little more. There you go. You're going to a little more than that. Come on, really. That's better. That's better. Keep it butt down. Now pull. Now pull. Now go slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Excellent job. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right guys. So we're talking a little bit about why you wouldn't want to do too much of this. As a bikini competitor. Just we've been joking about this because again we have a champion, a time champion, fair competitor training with the current bikini champion but she wouldn't do this all the time. Because if you end up over developing your lower lats then you can actually build a little more blockiness. So again this is just going through one workout with a couple of sets to be able to still stimulate that area but if you would do that over and over again doing the Ben over rows like I have my professional bodybuilders do reverse grip that's going to really thicken that up. If you're doing one on dumbbell rows that's going to thicken that up doing those T bar rows but I was joking about early on. Those are great for anyone that really needs to fill in. So if you are a bikini competitor that has a completely flat back you're going to want to do it more often. But when you're at the top of the game and you're just slightly dialing in your body parts you want to be able to have that long statuous look. So it's that feet taper starting at the very very top and just tapering right towards your midsection and then flaring out on the legs once again. So you wouldn't be doing this over and over again if you already have muscular development through your torso. So that's where the refinement comes in. So once you go over there pose again and then we'll do a front end of back. There you go. There you go. Go back up, pack up. All right. I'm going to do my same voice. Okay ladies. I did a same with my client. Stop up and watch the front end of the stage. Yeah back up back up and then we'll stop. So back back back back back back back back back. And then we're going to watch the front end of the stage. Good. There you go. Yeah. Boom. Good. So we got shoulder width. So waist. shoulders. Pretty nice and round 13 weeks out. That's what you want. You don't want to be flat at 13 weeks out. You still want to be full. You got the waist coming in because you want to start making sure that you're leaning out. So you're being out properly. You want some nice fullness in the quad as well as a hand straight in. So everything looks very proportionate. And you have that V taper from here down to the midsection. So that's what's really really important. So timing is everything. If you get too lean too fast, you're going to lose the muscle. And not getting lean enough. You're not going to be lean enough on stage. So the key is to have proper timing. So again, now it's going to back. Now let's go ahead and move the hair just for the sake prosperity here. Boom. You can see. There you go. So shoulders. Look in nice nice V taper. You can see that she's got just some good tone through the triceps. She has slight bit of muscularity to the point where she's just very feminine muscle. And it became a competitor. It's super important not to be over muscled because you can end up losing that feminine look. So be very, very careful. And then you're going to break lower back. Again, round full glutes, hamstrings. And then she's going to focus on leaning out in the next 12 to 13 weeks. To get that great hamstring tie-in where it's tight but not shred it because again, work for your particular category. So that's it. Anything else you want to add? Chair? No. Blucer great bapes. Off it is. Off it is. I have no. There you go. Hey, job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's it.

=== FILE: Tyler Manion New Womens Division!  EP. 119 [ITL5PuxQzVE].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and I have none other than Mr. V. IP VP himself, Tyler Manning in the House. How are you doing, Tyler? I'm good. Thanks for having me. Well, thanks for coming by again. I know that it is that special time of the year. Not just Christmas coming up, but we have the nationals here in Dallas. That's right. And it's been awesome having you guys out here because not only are you right up the road, but we have the ability to get together and do this podcast. And now it's at the end of the season. So we can do a little bit of a wrap up of the season and talk about the, you know, the different things that have happened this year. Because last year we were talking about so many different new initiatives that you had. Yep. And I know that you sat down with your grandfather and the rest of the NPC team and the IFBB pro league. And you had a lot of initiatives. And, you know, what do you, where do you start? Where was your head when it came to going into this year? In terms of what was the priorities? And the biggest priorities I would say, you know, like off the top of your head. Because you guys had so many different things that you wanted to really step up. Yeah. So I would say on the amateur side, our biggest priority was, you know, really growing the natural shows and the natural movement within the NPC. And I feel like this year, we really did that. We had over 30 just NPC USA regional shows. And then with the Ben Weater as well, we experienced like significant growth with that show, which was only a month ago. And basically, we just wanted to make sure that in the fitness industry, we were encompassing every single area, letting everybody be able to compete, you know, in the NPC and IFBB pro league, which, of course, biously so I'm going to say are the best organizations in the world. And giving them the opportunity to become IFB pros. And going into next year, you know, like I've been saying, we're going to have IFB pro natural shows, which will be qualifiers for the Ben Weater natural pro show, which is the only place where at a natural show, you can earn your qualification to the actual Mr Olympia contest. So the best of the best natural athletes will, you know, be able to get to the Olympia stage. And on the amateur side, I think a lot of promoters were doing these shows for the first time. And the numbers in the turnout were amazing actually, better than what I expected. So I'm very happy with how they turned out. And we're going to have even more shows next year. We're expanding all around the world in Europe and Asia, you know, South America, everywhere. Are going to have natural shows and these athletes are going to have opportunities to answer into the NPC. And then hopefully the IFB pro league. And they're going to have an environment where, you know, not only can they compete in the natural side, they can compete in open shows and challenge themselves and to be their best. And hopefully we give them the platform and opportunities that they deserve as well. Well, that's great. Let me ask you this, when you're doing a show like that, are any of them bundled with a regular NPC, or are they always standalone? There's some standalone. There's some that, whether the natural shows on Friday, the opens on Saturday or some, the opens on Saturday, then the natural is on Sunday. There's quite a few that are bundled together. And actually, I think those shows are unique because a lot of times the natural athletes have been told from wherever they're coming from that. You can't hang in the NPC for whatever reasons that people want to say, you can't hang. And what always ends up happening is some of them decide, hey, I'm here. I want to do the open as well. And they do very, very well in the open. And then, of course, very well in the natural and they're like, whoa, this is completely different than what I heard and everything else. It's like, yeah, I think a lot of them kind of get talked down to and say they're not good enough when, as a matter of fact, they're very good, very impressive. I mean, the Ben Weeder itself, I was blown away with the quality of the physics with not only the pros, but the amateurs. I mean, there were some crazy impressive physics and then talk about like potential, like in athletes. I was like blown away in every category, men's, women's everything. So I was like pretty excited, judging the show and I'm like, okay, this is, you know, we're rolling here. It's got legs. It's got legs for sure. And there's a lot of people that wanted to see what we're going to do because at the pro qualifier and with the pros show as well. We polygraph tested every single person that entered the show, whether they were amateur pro. And then we did your analysis testing for class winners and division winners and everything like that. So getting double tested, you know, we're making sure that when we're at that elite level, the testing is going to be as strict as it gets, right? I mean, the testing normally is polygraph or you're an outsist, only on the regional level. But once you're moving up, the testing gets stricter. So everybody can say, hey, you know, they got tested. And you would talk to anybody at the show. It's much different than it was before because we made sure everybody got polygraph tested. So the same thing for, you know, we'll talk about it later, but on the amateur side, we're at another pro qualifier. The Pittsburgh next year. Yep. For the natural. So the same testing will be done there. There's going to be a natural, sure there. The, the amateur side of the Pittsburgh is going to be a natural pro qualifier. Wow. Just like the Ben Weater. So awesome. Yeah. I mean, I think I think we're growing very well there and everything's going to keep expanding at this point. Because I see a lot of excitement behind it. And yeah, I mean, I just think that many more people are going to be like, hey, okay. This was like the test your kind of. I know a lot of people wanted to see what was going to go on. Right. Now they're seeing they're like, okay, we want to get in this and see how we do. Well, was the Ben Weater this year? Was it right after the Olympia? A month after. Okay. So it must have been right around the time I was in Prague. It was the same weekend. Okay. That's probably why I didn't get a chance to look at any of that because I was so jammed up. Being in Prague for the entire week. I was there for like eight days. And then from there I went to Pana and Italy. But with the winner there, did that person now qualify for the Olympia? Is that, is that show the one that qualifies you? Yeah. So outside of men's body building, every other division in the pros, those winners could qualify for the Olympia. This was happening actually. This happened like the year prior. So there was Ben Weater winners that were on stage this year at the Olympia. It's just a wasn't really publicized. Like no one really knew much about it. Okay. So yeah, the like the winners that won this year will be on the Olympia stage next year in 2025. I remember you are actually talking about it here in this podcast. Same time last year about the fact that you were building it up and this was happening already and there was a Ben Weater last year. I think was the first year. Is that correct? Last year was the second year. Second year. This year was your third year? Yes. Got you. And then it makes sense that you're doing every class but the men's open because it's a big discrepancy. Exactly. Right. That being said, do you feel like there's more motivation for the promoters also to put on natural shows now? Are you seeing that? Of course. Of course. It was funny because of course as a promoter. This is your first time doing it. This is something you're at the built from scratch. So not as many people were excited or willing to go and try and do it. But now that we've seen success, we have people coming out of the woodwork that want to do it. And we did it all here. So now across the world, and B.C. Worldwide we have promoters that are like, whoa, we're missing the boat here. I kind of was telling them last year. But you need to see proof of concept, of course, especially in other places. So now they're like, oh, wow, yeah, we should be doing this. And now we got everything set up where worldwide, I think we're going to see a big, big growth in this whole entire, you know, natural side of the organization. You know, I've seen, you know, obviously I travel a lot. I'm getting ready to leave to go to India soon. And just got back from Prague and all over the world, as in Dubai before that. And I'm seeing everything grow. And one thing that I really wish we could do at some point is grow the Iranian market. The Iranian market in regards to athletes and just being able to do shows there, where are we with that right now? I would love love for us to have a show there. But obviously, because of the relations between the countries, I think it's very, very difficult. And I think one of the most important things to when it comes to doing a show is we want the staff and the judges to actually be in there that better NPC and IPB probably judges. Right. We don't just want to say, hey, okay, we could talk to whoever. I mean, a million people have massages, right? Well, we want to do a show and IPC show there. And then they're just staffing it with all random people and the only judges that could get into the country are from there that we don't even know. Right. And then it's like, hey, we have no idea, basically. Let's go in on there. What could be going on wherever we want to make sure like it's done correctly. And I know how many athletes are there in the quality. Of course, I know about it's crazy. But how many athletes are there and like what it could be? I think the potential is endless. It's just it's been very difficult to try to navigate all the little problems that, you know, exist. Yeah, exist. And that we would like to see to make sure, hey, we have quality control on the show. And it's going to be a real NPC IPB-prolique production. Yeah, I mean, that market is something that when the time comes, I cannot wait to have something there. Yeah, me, you know, obviously I'm from there originally, in terms of my family. Origin is from there. Hotty is from there. Bodybuilding has grown so much in the last 20 years in Iran. The athletes, like you mentioned, are amazing. And we don't get to see them because they are not available to, you know, come to the United States because of the visa situations. And so you see them compete in other areas like they could come to Dubai sometimes, they'll be able to go to certain countries, just there's limitations. But it would be great to see the Olympia slash NPC slash NPC worldwide organization in one of the largest, I'm just going to put it out there. That in Brazil are the two biggest bodybuilding countries in the world. And it's second only to. Soccer. So soccer, otherwise known as football to everybody else in the world is number one, and number two, I believe is bodybuilding. Yeah. I would love to go to Iran. I want to go see these passionate athletes and passionate fans and everything that we see online. And again, they're, they get crazy sometimes. So, you know, our people are a bit nuts because they're very passionate. They love their athletes. They love the sport. They love following the journeys of all these things. And I feel like hotty is somebody that's given everybody hope because you have somebody who is a construction worker who is, you know, partially hearing impaired deaf all the way to not being able to speak English due to that to someone who doesn't have the proper passport to be able to come and go as they wish and still be able to win the Mr. Olympia competition. And so if someone like that can do it, it gives so much hope to everybody. Yes. Not just in Iran, but around the world to be able to say you don't have to be born with a silver spoon in your mouth to become the best in the world in bodybuilding. Exactly. And I know one of the big things is, oh, politics says politics at, hotty one, right? Before him, Big Romney is from Egypt. Yes. He truthfully don't care where you're from, what you look other than fitting the criteria for your division. We don't care your entire background. It does not matter once you get on that stage. We're looking at just your body on stage. And, you know, obviously fans in different countries, they get very passionate behind their people. So they could care less how good anybody else looks, right? They're only focused on their people. But, yeah, I mean, anybody can do it. And we've had a ton of Iranian athletes have success. I mean, listen, we've written letters. We've done everything we can to even help be a rose. Yeah. Right? Another Iranian athlete that's incredible that we would love to have him here in the States and be competing in the States. So I mean, I can only hope everything gets better. And, you know, athletes are able to come here easier. We're able to eventually do something there. Right. I know, I know will be just unbelievable when that time comes. So that's always something that constantly we're looking at and seeing what we're able to do. I would love for us to be able to go there at some point. Yeah. I would love to personally go there to be able to see where my parents were from, to be able to see where they grew up. And obviously my dad was a coach and was somebody, my parents both came from the northern part of Iran called Shomal. They're, it's like, enrashed. And a lot of people from different parts of just Iran in general, doesn't matter where they're from, they're just really into it. And I feel like the reason why them and even now I'm seeing Mexico growing. And I'm seeing, you know, Brazil, I feel like when you go on social media, you get to be able to connect at such a high level. And even though they don't have the freedom to travel on their phone, they're able to travel, meaning that they can feel as being part of the journey when hotty or any of the Ramon Ramon Dino or any of these athletes from those parts of the world are doing their YouTube and they're doing Instagram and they're doing all of these posts. I feel like it gives them hope and it gives them the ability to create motivation internally. And I know you and I just got done working out. Right. We just got done doing some arms, came in, doing a great little workout. And my thought process is that when people go into the gym, it's a stress reliever. Yeah. It competes. I feel like it creates the ability for someone to also build discipline. And that is the number one thing that I talk about when I go around the world. And I feel that it's not talked about enough. How important it is to be able to do one show. At least one show. It doesn't matter how old you are, but to be able to die it for 12 or 16 weeks or to do a mini cut and then go into a contest preparation. And it doesn't matter where you end up. The journey itself strengthens you and gives you discipline and drive that will allow you to be much better at everything you do in touch. And I feel like so many people don't realize the benefit of that. And I feel that you and I talked about all the time. You would have loved to compete. You competed in wrestling. I used to come and watch you. And in college. I was at Stanford University. I was out there. And we were watching you. Me and Eve Jenick came out there. I'm watching. And even when you were hurt and you were trying to, you know, with your shoulder and you had all these issues. But you were out there grinding with Maryland, right? And it was a great school. But I guess do you feel a little bit of that, like where people have feel like kind of softer now? They're a little bit softer mentality because they don't have that ability because they've never done that because I feel like that. And you know, and I'll speak for it. But again, I feel like, and I, and the reason I put this out there is because I feel like this is almost like it's own self help. I'm not competing. I mean, I agree. It's like the discipline that you're talking about. I think a lot of people don't have it. And like you said, like when you compete once, really like to compete once, it's for a lot of people to do it and put that goal out there and get on stage. Doesn't matter if you're first or last. It's about like your own journey and realizing what you're capable of too. I mean, so wrestling is very similar to a prep, except your diet is not really great. Kind of starve in yourself. But you're also your practices. You're not, you're not doing like walkthroughs like other sports. Like you're wrestling, you're losing weight while you're wrestling. And then you're also going 100%. Like every single day. So it's not just like you're going 100%. Like in your math, even like the US UFC fighters that came from wrestling, they're like, oh, wrestling practice and when we wrestle, it's the hardest. The hardest thing ever because you're basically like dying. And you're going 100% with everybody that's in the room with you and everything else. But what that did and why I mean, again, a little bit off bodybuilding. But why wrestling is like the best background is because the discipline, like the best workers, I think you could have like for a company or anything because they know suffering. They know discipline. You know, you got to power through stuff and everything else. And then you take it into bodybuilding and you're prepping and you got to work out through your prep and your strict on your diet. You can't cheat and everything else. Yeah, I think a lot of people could benefit from competing no matter the division and everything else but going through that journey. Yeah, I think it would be better for people in general if they had that too. I think it would be better overall with mindset and everything else. Yeah, and I think it's going to get more and more that way because when you see even things that I see on Instagram, when you see mental coaches that are trying to create that higher level of intense focus, what they do is they put you through like this pseudo Navy SEALS training. I remember I was talking to Baydross about it in Baydross as a guy that really, they do these camps that are like many Navy SEALS type camps to try to create that mental toughness. So, you know, they go to San Diego. They have drill instructors, they're grind at you. But again, all in all, it's just a couple of days and they don't, you know, ring the bell. If you, if you want to be pulled out, if you can't handle it type thing. But it's still only a couple of days. When it comes to competing, it's 12, it's 14 weeks. When people aren't watching, they're not going to be yelling at you. Yep. You have to have that mental fortitude and you have to have that accountability for you and if you have a coach to send that in, but your coach isn't with you 24 or 7. Exactly. It's all self accountability and discipline and doing everything when no one's watching, making sure you're doing it right. Absolutely. And I think that that's why some of these different little workshops are so popular when it comes to this mental toughness and mental training because they take you in for a couple of days. But when you have an entire 12 week, 14 week prep, that's a whole different level of self accountability and a little bit of that, hey, I got to suffer a little bit. I got to suffer and not be able to eat during the holidays or I have to turn around and do that. And I think that's what bodybuilding is provided. And it's been over 25 years since I've competed. But at the same time, I still feel a lot of that discipline when I work with my athletes and still when I don't want to get up at 4 o'clock in the morning, but I have to because I'm on a different time zone and I need to look at their pictures and I need to be able to do those things and stress about are they doing the right things as a coach. Then coming into the office and working all those things, I think Arnold was great at it and he became the one who was popular actor, the most highly paid actor in the world. He ran the fifth largest economy as being the governor and then being able to focus on building a real estate empire, all of these things, even to your grandfather who started and I think he was the AAU. Yeah, yeah, back in the 70s, early 70s. Yep, and I can't wait to get him on. We're going to have to get him on at one point. But when I talked to him, it was because of a necessity and because of the fact that he loved bodybuilding and he was so disciplined and back then it was such a slow growth because it didn't have any social media. There was none of those things. There was no internet, right? It was fax machines and telephones and that was it. And as you've been able to kind of take the range right now and you're growing the brand, where do you see the next year or two? So I think one of the things that I've been focused on and want to continue to focus on is expanding the sport through the competitors obviously. We want to see more people compete and get on stage. And also obviously through the prize money, the visibility because again, like you can listen to what Dana White says about the UFC and everything else at the end of the day where platform, right? We are a platform for athletes to go out there and make living and really achieve their dreams as well. Right. People that, whether it's through competitions, success or through business success, which there's like a whole fitness industry economy and ecosystem that comes through, you know, the NPC and I. If you be pro, like you can have side hustles, you can have a full time job, you can have all these different things that I think thousands and thousands of people have, you know, through this and like what what my, you know, grandfather basically created with the NPC, which I think is unbelievable, but getting, which I think has only been expanding, you know, I think our athletes do a great job as well with this of touching other people, making them, you know, they become a fan of one person and one competitor and they start watching them and they go, you know what, I'm like inspired to like go do this and try this and everything else. So one of the things that we are going to do next year is on the woman side, we want to, basically we're going to add another new division, which I know everybody's asked me for I'm like, yeah, no, no, no, we're not going to do it, but I think again, like identified last year with the natural stuff, there's a segment of the market that we're missing that we're not touching and it's really on the woman side and it's going to be a division, it's going to be called the, you know, fit model division and it's going to be less muscle, less conditioned, you know, a very, very attainable look even once it gets to the, you know, pros competing in this division, the average gym going, you know, person, especially woman, the average gym going, woman is going to look at it and say, hey, you know what, I can do this, I can, I can look like that if I put in some time and everything else because even in bikini, we've all been next to the best bikini competitors, they're not big, right? They're not shredded, they're not crazy. Like it's nothing like that, but the average gym gore that maybe has just started or hasn't worked out that hard looks at the pictures and goes, oh my god, I can never look like that. So it's a little bit discouraging even though that division for me bikini, I think is very, very attainable once people get inside the sport and put in work and everything else and we're talking about the misalimpi as so of course through the best in the world. It should look like, hey, I can't roll out a bad and start this in six months and go do it. But with this new division, it's going to be our entry level division, you know, the rules we're going to have around it are going to make sure it's very contained. It doesn't blur the lines between this and bikini, right? There's going to be a very, very clear difference and it's going to stay attainable with everything that we're going to do and I think that is going to influence and get more of that general population to enter into these organizations, enter into the ecosystem. So not only are the organizations growing but the reach of the organizations are growing, the opportunities, the businesses, you know, everything, everything is just expanding and growing. So that is my main goal and I want to see, you know, what happens next year with it. Of course, we're going to have some girls that work in bikini, think, oh, maybe I want to kind of not do bikini and go into this division. Right. So I think we'll see that a little bit. Yep. But I think what we're going to see is and hopefully is a lot of people that are coming in that are new. In flux. And they're going to be inspired and say, hey, what is going on with this? I want to be involved somehow. I want to try this and everything else. And I think that's a segment we were missing. So that's what I want to highlight. And again, once we start that with the amateurs, that's bringing in people to everything to the to the pro side as well because it's bringing in eyeballs. It's bringing in more people that are going to be around it. I think it's going to sponsor's going to like it, right? Yep. Promoters are going to like it. Everybody's going to like it because everybody's benefiting from it. So that is the my main focus for the MPC and how to grow it in expanded for an extra. That's what we're going to do. So I'm really excited about it. You know, I know we briefly talked about it last year about possibly doing it. And what's really nice is the fact that we're doing it because in the past, it was one of those things where we feel like let's wait and see, let's try to get as much feedback. But now the feedback is coming back quicker and you're able to survey that and say, yep, let's turn around do that. And that's amazing because I really feel that that can be done. And like you said, put together launching this year in 2025, correct? Correct. Will pro shows becoming into a 2025 or is that going to be weighed in 2026? 2026. So it will be in regional shows, it will be in pro qualifiers, MPC USA, MPC worldwide everywhere around the world. Okay. Basically how we've adopted every other division. So the newest one that we did five years ago or whatever was wellness, the same thing. All amateur stuff the first year that we had the pro stuff. And we'll decide if there's an Olympia because Olympia is now towards the end of the year. If there can be an Olympia the first year, it would depend. We'll see. It's all going to depend on the numbers of everything as well. If not, it will be that next year. 2027. Yep. But that's, you know, that's what we're going to do. And like you said, it's all about the feedback from people and everybody. So I've been kind of steadfast and say, no, no, we don't need a new division. We don't need this. We don't need that. Of course, you always see the negative side of people what they say to like, once we do what there's going to be complaints, you want to add this and it's just this, it's just that whatever. But no, it's because I want to grow the organizations and the segment that we were missing. I think this is a perfect target. But also it's because like you said, you, but many, many other people in coaches and athletes, when they're saying something, you need to listen. And I think that's a huge thing. Like, if it was me myself, I'd be like a little slobber and say, hey, no, we don't need this or fine. We're doing great. Like, what do we need this where we need that in our division? Like, but the, the want for it is out there. And when all these different people that are also smart people and have good ideas and everything else are coming to you with stuff, once everybody's aligning and they don't know each other, it's like, okay, hey, we're missing something here. So that's, that's one of the main things that I, you know, I've learned, you know, from being around my grandpa and everybody else is you've got to be open to listening to people. And then finally, whenever you think you can take it and run with it. And, you know, organize and everything else, then it's the time to do it and implement it because obviously you're, you're missing something here. So yeah, I think, you know, a lot of coaches out there, I know have come and talked to me. So trust me, I, I listen to everything. Sometimes the ideas are not good at all. Sometimes they're good ideas. And that's, that's I think what makes like a good leader too, you know, so that's, I'm excited about it. I'm very excited about it. I'm super stoked about it because I know that you're taking all the information and you're creating a business plan off of it. Yeah. And you got a lot of smart people around you. So making sure that you can be able to implement it, think a couple of steps ahead and making sure that you're focusing on the future because one of the other things about this is that not only is it going to cast a wider net, but what it's going to do is it's going to create a much larger ecosystem and the beginner level. Yes. And we did it when we first had bikini, but embody building, we evolved. That's why it's body building and not body maintaining. And with that, the audience now that looked at bikini five years ago, isn't the same physique, okay? And now because of that, putting those parameters and understanding how do we put a new division in, but also lock it a little tighter? Yep. I think is really important. And I know that you and I have talked for many years about maybe even doing it with a men's physique type thing down the road. Yep. We're coming back and saying let's create a new division so that the entry level can be more entry. Yeah. So that we can get wider audience. And I would love to see that. And I think that's also obviously something that's completely in the works in terms of thinking and processing, but taking it step by step obviously. You can't just turn around and just go ahead and make a five, you know, of course meal off of a brand new menu. You have to go kind of like entry by entree. Yeah. And that's how you have to do it and you break it down like any real business does. But what I'm super excited about is just how many people have always said, I would love to do this, but I think they're just a little too more advanced. Now you go in there and you say, hey, look, I'm going to go over and what do we call it? Fit model. The Fit model division. Yeah. And I'm going to go in there as a novice. And I'm going to go in there and you can have somebody who's just been training, you know, that's got decent shape. You can go in there. I guess when you look at that eventually, are you going to give it, you know, breakdown? Is that going to be more of like a Hawaiian tropical look or is it more, so bikini started and what I want to say, 2009, 2010, right around there. And the look obviously like you said at advanced, I think basically if you look from about the last five years, we've hit the criteria, we've hit the standard at the top and I think all the, all the women at the top have held the line, you know, knocked on too big or too muscular, too hard. You know, we made sure the conditioning was toned down everything like, you know, it's taken a lot of tweaks because everything did advance like it doesn't every division. But I think we're at a point where, okay, we have this steady, which is what we need, right? That's very important. Now with this, if you look at what bikini was and at the, so here's the thing, at the beginning, what it was was what was it, the criteria was all, you know, was all over the place, like everything is all over the place, it's new, right? Right. Then you see it starts to get more advanced, everything like that, but still kind of hard to see and everything else like that. So I think like if you go look at, I mean, she's a current bikini competitor still contender, but Ashley won 2013 to 2015. You say Ashley, you tell my Ashley called. Ashley called, was her yes. So in that 2015 look, I think when you see how she looked, you know, obviously the muscularity is less, there's less emphasis on the muscularity, there's less emphasis on the conditioning, but like nothing, you know, the conditioning is still there where, yes, we're not seeing any separation, but everything is firm, you know, everything is in shape and it's a very, very attainable look, opposing the front more toned look. A ton more toned look, the front pose is going to be different. Okay. Okay. So it's going to be like the old school way they were hitting it right with the one, one foot forward, like the hip tilted and the one leg back, so they're more straight on. Okay. Right. And then the back pose will be the same, but again, we're not looking for tie-ins, shouldn't be seeing their hamstrings at all, which is, you know, firm glutes and everything. So the criteria is going to be outlined. It's going to be on every snooze online, everything like that, but it's also, I know this is a division where on the judging side now talking as a judge, we will definitely receive more complaints because it's, this is going to be the hardest class to differentiate people and 100% it's going to be the hardest because the less you go on everything, the harder it is to differentiate because it's much easier for people to look way way more similar. So there's going to be, it's going to be very, very hard to judge because we're going to get to a point like we did with, you know, with every division where, wow, these, they look great for the criteria and everything else. Right. So, you know, that's why stage presence and posing and everything comes into play, especially even more in this division. But, you know, there's going to be, it's a clear look like, like I said, basically what we're using is Ashley's look from 2015. Mm-hmm. That's what we want. That's what we're going to want the top pros to look like. So, of course, the closest you can get to that, you're going to have more success on the amateur level, everything else. And that's, you know, that's basically where we're going to want to see the girls at. And I think that's a great look because, again, girls are going to look at that and I think, like you were kind of saying, there's an intimidation factor. Wow, now I'm a fan of this and everything else. But, oh, man, like it will take me forever to look like that. Right. Well, it won't take forever to look like this in this division. I think that's motivating. The intimidation factor is lessened a lot. Right. And that's again, that's how you get everybody get more people in. And that encourages the growth of the sport. What's at the end of the day, when the sport grows, it's helping everybody, but especially the athletes because, again, kind of veering off the topic just a little bit. But with the pros side and the prize money and everything that we're doing to try to raise that and get more sponsors, this is only going to help. So that for me is like one of the biggest reasons on why to do this because I think at the end of the day, it's going to help the platform. It's going to grow it and hopefully get as we keep progressing, more and more mainstream sponsors to start taking a look and getting that in here. And that's my end goal, of course, is doing that because the more we raise the prize money for the pros, the more people are going to be like, hey, I want to do something in this. And like I said, a lot of people come in and they go, I have aspirations to be the best. I want to be Mr. Miss Olympia. Yeah. And then they get to a point where they realize, hey, maybe I can't do it. I just don't have the genetics or anything else. But I realized, wow, I'm really good at opposing somebody. Wow, I'm really good at putting together a training plan. Wow, I'm really good good at coaching. Actually, I started making suits. So I'm doing like there's a million different things. So then they get in and the ecosystem and the environment, it all just grows. It grows. And you know what, it just takes me back to the beginning of this podcast. When you are going to now step into a stage, thought process and you look at men's physique or you look at even bikini. And you kind of, whoa, some of these guys are pretty jack now because the evolution has happened. But now if you're creating that in those new divisions, now it's less intimidating like you just mentioned. And then it becomes more attainable. So now you're not going to say, well, I'm going to get blown away getting on stage. So therefore, I'm really intimidated by getting on stage. Now you have an entry level to be able to get you in so that you can still be competitive. Yes. And you're not going to feel like, oh my god, there's such a discrepancy. I'm three years away from getting on stage. You can be six months away because you've already been training. And then now step on stage and be competitive and have a good look. And that's what I love about it. And I'm hoping that sooner than later we're going to be able to do that same thing with a men's division and kind of go back to that Jeremy type of 160 pounds, 70 pound person look eventually do to be able to reassess that to try to bring in drugs because again, we know the people are out there. They want to be competitive. They want to be able to be a piece of it. But they just don't have the wear with all to take three years to do it. And another thing like I said at first, we might say some girls scale back from bikini. I think I'm talking more on the amateur side, the new competitors and everything else. But I also think once we see hopefully the influx of new people that come in for the fit model, right? You're going to see a lot that are like, hey, I love training. I love progressing. You're going to get to a certain point in the criteria where hey, this is going to be a little bit too much. Probably you're going to look better in bikini. Right. Like we see it from every single division, bikini to figure figure to women's physique, women's physique to bodybuilding, men's physique to classic, classic to open, right? I mean, you see it all the time. Right. So I think it only like once you get that influx, it's like, hey, yes, I think this division is going to be great. I think it's going to be big. And I get things going to thrive. And then I also think it's going to actually end up strengthening the one rate above it, which is bikini. Yep. So I actually think like a bit like a bit. Exactly. And do time, we're going to see both like hopefully explode. Yeah. I think it's going to happen. I really do. I think this is exactly the proverbial like boost that we need so that we can be able to really create even more synergy. And when you can scale because the first run in the ladder when it's too high, people don't get on the ladder. But now that we have someone where we can get in, they can go there. Stay there. Feel great about it. Or they go, I'm continue to keep training. And I want to progress. Yeah. And here you go. And my body looks even better. And I think I will do even better in the next division. And then they move their way up. Let me ask you this. When you say fit model, I think of the whole package. On that division, are we going to look at everything? Are we going to look at like, you know, the hair, the makeup, everything. Yeah, because everything's going to be taken into account. Okay. Basically kind of, I mean, when the magazines were around, remember what the fitness models on the covers you still look like, that's that's basically, you know, that's what actually look like when she won. That's that was the look of that division. What all the girls look like. So that's what we want to gear towards and why yes, hair, makeup, presentation, stage presence, everything, you know, even like in your short amount of time, you can display everything in those 10 seconds of coming out, walking out, doing your front and back pose, going off, then coming in comparisons, you can easily do that. So yeah, everything is going to be coming into play in that division. Great. So what I like about that is that in the past, it was NPC National Physique Committee and it was always the physique. It was never from the neck up per se, even though, you know, in bikini and some of the other, you still look at it, but it wasn't judged. But what we're saying now is that we're going to judge. So if your face is too gaunt, you're too sucked in, but your body looks good. You're, you're going to not be the ideal criteria because you're not the full package. Now with fit model, we're going to look at everything. Yeah. So that way. I mean, bikini still, we don't like that sucked in and everything is for sure. We're still, we're still looking at that. But yeah, especially in this division where it's supposed to be, you know, attainable and everything else and the conditioning is not supposed to push based, you know, really at all compared to anything else. Yeah, that's, that's going to be super, super important. Perfect. People will know right away when they're too conditioned for this class. Right. Yeah. Because you'll end up, you don't want to be sucked in. You don't want to have, you know, any of the situations where, you know, your hair, everything makeup, like you said, color, everything has to just kind of really be on point because it's a model. You're, you're, you're coming in like a model. Yeah. So that's, you know, the ideal situation where you're not looking at just this, you know, it's not a glute show. It's not a, shoulders versus exactly. You're not looking at certain things. Oh, it's not, you're conditioning being so outstanding the denture as a detriment. You need to have your conditioning where we want into the criteria, not over conditioned and over muscularity. It will be easy, you know, it will be easy for people you have, you need to, you need to go up, you know, that's, that's the point. Awesome. And then is the suit going to be different. So about the suits right now what we're going to do is, you know, suits for every category are pretty expensive. We don't want to be on the suits. So they're going to be kind of more like the posing suits they sound, everything else. They're going to be plain in color, no bling. Again, entry level attainable. We don't want to scare people off with the cost of what, what it costs to get ready and do the show. Okay. To stop and then for the suit bottoms, we want moderate coverage. All the suit, you know, suit makers have everything, micro cut, pro cut, Brazilian cut, you know, whatever they call it, are all too small. You have to have the moderate coverage, which is almost like 50% coverage on the, on the suit bottom, especially on the back. Okay. The bottom and the front is not too low, not to anything. That's, that's the suit we want. Like, if you have too small, the suit you're going to end up getting sent off stage or just not allowed a lot of compete. So okay. Everybody's going to know that that's that's in the rules too. But yeah, that's, that's also what we want. So those are the differences in the suit. Because again, that's, we want to encourage as many people as possible to come in here. Right. So when somebody sees that, it doesn't look like they're wearing a thong. Correct. And then what's happening is then people see that and go, okay, I don't feel comfortable wearing that thong. Yeah. Because I'm just wanting to get up there and show almost like a bikini style body. Where I can be able to show myself without feeling like I'm making it. And again, this is the, this is the suits that were, the criteria we're using for the suits for the first year. And maybe evolution might not have. We don't know where we'll go from there. But this is what we're trying out the first year. Because again, this is all trial and error whenever we do everything. So absolutely, especially the first couple of years. No, it evolves. But yeah, that's so exciting to be able to talk about. And do we have a first show for this yet? Probably end up just being whatever the first NBC show on the schedule is for, for next year. Why don't we give you the opportunity on your Instagram? Yeah. You can post about that. Yep. What we'll do is we'll bring it back and then tag your Instagram page. Yeah. And then right as you know, let's go ahead and announce it. Yeah. So that way we can go ahead and be sure that everybody knows. Yep. Because again, I know this, I mean, I'm 100 to show. Across the world. Yeah. Across the world. We had, I want to say more than 800 shows this year. 800 shows across the world. That's crazy. Yeah. That's not. So again, because there's 800 shows, we'll go ahead and announce when it right when the schedule comes out and go to NPC News Online and that'll be on there. But as well as, you know, you've been doing your regular updates on your Instagram page as well as your physique updates. It's you. And guys, if you haven't seen Tyler's page, he's definitely been working hard because he got a crazy pump today. But then I was like, man, you actually were looking pretty good. And then when you got pumped today, I'm like, wow, this is a good start. Yeah. I started getting into shape again. But yeah, I mean, like I said, I'm looking at people that are extremely in shape every weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, I got to walk the walk a little bit. But I mean, I've trained since I was 13 and I've been around body thought, I think since I was born. So I love training and doing everything. So yeah, it's just been fun getting back into shape. It's funny because in the comments, people were talking. They're like, you can't read for a show. Yeah. You're going to compete. I was like, no, I can't compete, obviously. But yeah, I would have always like, I would have always wanted to for sure because again, you that competitive background you come in and you're competing against yourself and also other people. But yeah, of course. And I looked at all the magazines and everything else since I've been little. So yeah, no, of course. I mean, I love this sport. I breathe that I live it. And what I think about doing and making better every single day. So yeah, and now you're doing that with the Pittsburgh pro. Yeah. So let's talk about that. Pittsburgh pros coming in May, what's the date? It is May 10th and 11th next year. Because that's at the Pittsburgh Convention Center, right downtown. I'm really excited about it. Really, my grandpas like a C show, right? And I always thought like, hey, why why do we not have an expert with this? Why don't we blow it up and make it big and everything? I mean, it's always been a special show. You bring things in all the guest posters and everything else. I mean, but it was like, it should be bigger, you know, it's because like everything that he's done in the sport and everything else. I think like to have a show that's named after him and make it big and everything like that. Also, I think with everything we've been doing to bring in more sponsors and prize money, everything else doing this and giving these competitors a show with again, another show, another option to make good money just from one show. I think is a huge deal. I mean, so we announced open, we're having an open men this year, which is going to be super, super exciting, 100,000 to the winner. But I mean, we're paying the top five or paying them, you know, good money. First time the Pittsburgh pro has the open man's bodybuilding. Open bodybuilding. Yep. Now, you may think that had opened because we had all the open top guys, guest posing. Yeah. All those great, great pictures of Ronnie and Jay and Phil and Kai and Branch and all the top guys would always guess pose there. Yes. But now you're literally getting some of those new modern day athletes that are going to be jumping in the show because you're giving away how much? So to the open bodybuilders alone, a total of 200,000. Total 200,000 in first places. 100,000. 100k. So basically, we have the Olympia. It's 600. We have the 500k for the Arnold. Yep. And then we have the Pittsburgh. Yes. And then the Dubai show is also up there. And then, you know, obviously the New York pro cannot forget about that because this is also really I think with the New York pro, it's going to help because now you can piggyback with Steve's show. Because Steve's show is going to be what right one or two weeks after one week after. So you literally stay in shape. Yep. You have your burger that night. You have your fries. And then you get right back on your. Yep. And this year in New York pro, we raised the prize money to 30,000 for the winner. So the, you know, before this year with everything we did, the normal, the normal prize money for a win was 10,000. Yes. So 30,000 definitely not jump change at all. And then, you know, obviously 100,000 for the Pittsburgh. We kind of dove in. I got to give a plug and a shout out to New Tech and Axon Sledge because they came in as title and presenting sponsors. And they see the vision. Again, this is part of the part of the thing of having the sponsors participate and really, you know, want to be involved in this industry. So we were able to do this. And then we're only talking about the open men. I mean, I made one announcement about the bikini prize money. The total 50,000. Right. So that is actually the second highest prize money for bikini after the Olympia. So the second highest prize money. And that's like a 20 grand first place or 15, 20. Um, no, 25 grand. Wow. 25 k first place 25 k first place for bikini. Wow. So that's the second highest prize money in bikini. Every single division that we do, which is, we still have classic men's physique. Okay. Figure, wellness and woman's physique outside of bikini and men's open. Every single division is going to have raised prize money. Obviously we're still talking to sponsors and everything else. But the prize money is definitely going to be raised. I think people are going to be very excited and very happy as we keep dropping those announcements, you know, leading up to the show. And we're going to have top top level competitors competing, which, again, I think is great for the sport, great for the fans because again, more storylines, more eyeballs, they're competing and everything else. So it's like, hey, it's another show where you're going to get very good people, very top level, Olympia competitors competing against each other to create the storylines for that year's Olympia. So I'm really, really excited about it. I mean, it's, it's basically been something that I've wanted to have and do for a long time. Okay. And now I think we're, it's the perfect spot and we're kind of diving all in. So, you know, the more support that we get, you know, whether it's from attendees at the expo, which we're trying to make sure we get the best exhibitors that are going to bring in, you know, the people and everything that everybody wants to see to make sure we get a good attendance there. And then obviously with sponsors, of course, and everything else, the more we grow this show, the more I want to grow the prize money and give back to the athletes, because I think, you know, for me and my grandfather, that's the main goal and focus of this show because we do so much else and everything else with everything. So this is this is kind of like also a give back show to all the athletes, you know, all the pro athletes and everything like that. So the line up for the open men, I can't say anything yet, but I can only say that there's going to be multiple top six Olympia guys in the lineup that have already confirmed that they're going to be in there. So this is going to be, yeah, I mean, and there's still maybe more that would jump in and everything else, but yeah, I think the whole show's going to be great. And anyway, you know, that's why we're giving down to fifth place, fifth place is getting $10,000. So that's what a regular pro show is to use the win. Yeah, we're giving it for fifth place. So I also think that this is a great opportunity that some guys are going to hear, oh, some of the best guys are going to be in it. Well, yeah, get, you know, get your ass on stage and get an X to them. So you get compared to them, you know, how did another show? So you know, you know, what's your up against? And I feel like it's going to be a good showcase for some open comers too. We've been, you know, we've been talking to a few of them, too. There's some up and comers out there that we were, hey, this is your shot to get next to some of these guys, you know, just in a different environment. So, so go do it and create excitement. That also builds their brand and everything else. So I feel like I feel like the line-ups going to be going to be very good. I'm pretty pumped up right now with with how everything's looking. The energy and a lot of buzz. It's a lot of buzz. Just a lot of buzz in general. I mean, I was talking to Ronnie Coleman and Ronnie told me we were in Dubai and he told me he goes, man, what do you think about the 600 K at the Olympia? And what do you think about shows that are like coming up with $100,000? And that's what they used to give to the Mr. Olympia, not too long ago. And he said, man, it took me six Mr. Olympia wins to get that 600 K. So, I mean, literally, he's like, in one Olympia, someone, you know, Samson, Disaster, one 600 K that was equivalent to six of Ronnie's titles. Yeah. And so, I think it was stagnant for a while. I think that now with everything that's going on and it's just obviously the synergies of everything with social media and all these companies that are seeing the value and that's not even the mainstream yet. Yeah. I just disguised a limit and then also the natural side growing. Let me ask you this. If you had the opportunity where we can be able to get bodybuilding in the Olympics, what would your thought process be on that? I think they always wanted to do that back in the day, but I don't know, stuff with the Olympic sports is kind of strange. You're going to go through all these, I think all these, you know, different kind of things that they make you do and everything else. Right here. Yeah. Yeah. And I just, I don't know if that's ever going to be a thing. I don't know if that's ever going to be a thing to be honest. I don't know if that would even help really, it's true. I don't think, I don't know if that would help to grow this sport because at the end of the day, it's, you know, would be like another amateur thing, right? Obviously, the deal. Well, I guess, I don't know. I guess not, not really, it could be pro, I guess would be another pro show, but I don't know that I think Joe and Ben really tried to work on that back in the day and they never could, could get a breakthrough because there was always some red tape that they would have to say, oh, we need this, we need that that was just an impossible to work around. So I don't know if they'll really help with the growth of the sport. I kind of think everything that we're trying to do and push right now is really, is really growing it like you said. And yeah, I mean, I think there's so much more room for growth that we're getting there, you know, we're again there, but that's, that's my goal is to see this, you know, it's impossible to say, oh, it's going to be the NBA or even like the UFC, but it can grow so, so much more, especially as we keep growing, like we said, the whole environment and ecosystem here. And once we get some more mainstream sponsors to realize that and chip in and everything else, we can be talking about some crazy numbers and some crazy things that all the sun were catching even more people's attention. Yeah, somebody get together that's a fan from Ford or Chevy or Mercedes Benz or something. Yeah, so if there's anybody out there selfishly, please, you have any of these contacts, hit me up, help us out here, you know, that's right. Well, we, we definitely get you some good manners and get you some good ad placement in a lot of different channels. And, you know, throwing a Ferrari or something, we get a Ferrari, yeah, yeah, you know, you know who you are, we get some people from Ferrari that follow me, but we got to get you to some of the bodybuilding shows and some of my Google friends, you know, bring them out. They actually very interesting, one of my buddies Benz, that he's a track with and he's a vice president and a Google, and he asks me, he goes, hey man, I think I want to come over there, him and his wife, and I said, absolutely, let me know and you know, I want you to come out and bring them out to one of the shows, because even them, just because they follow me on social and we've been friends for so long, they're like, it's so, they're just like, I kind of like, I want to see this world in person. And then they come and I feel like they're minesable and they're like, whoa, yeah, and they haven't been able to come yet because they haven't been able to come out, but they had just moved to Austin, actually. And, but when I had Shannon here, a couple, you know, Shannon Sharp here a couple of months ago, and he was just at the Olympia, too. And we were talking him and I were talking and while like, you do, you better make sure you come and he's like, as long as I'm not doing the Ocho Sinko podcast, I will 100% be there from not traveling and then he showed up. So I know Dan took good care of them, and he was able to come and he even said to me, he goes, one day, I wouldn't mind just jumping up on that stage. And I'm just like, well, you might got enough for Tina today, especially, you know, throwing some board shorts, you don't have to worry about going out and destroying your knees. Yep, you know, because it's so muscular. I mean, you've seen how big Shannon is. Oh, yeah, I mean, I think we might be seeing more of an influx of like, especially like XNF allures and stuff like that that one again, shape that are that are going to end up getting on stage. Yeah, I mean, I really, I really think that's that's something that's going to help again, help the visibility and everything else, but a lot of people when they come to the show, they're like, man, that was intense. Like, they get into it. And I feel like that's part of the thing like, hey, there's, you know, of course, you can watch it on the live stream, but when you can get people actually at the show and experience it, they're like, whoa, man, like that was that was crazy. Like they really, really enjoy it. It's so different than everything else, too. You know, it's so different. And then, of course, you get sucked in and you have your favorites. Oh my god, no way, how did this guy not win, right? So it gets everybody going, but I feel like, yeah, the more, you know, mainstream sponsors and everything that we can start to do, which, you know, we've been working on and we're going to keep going at, but yeah, that's, that's the goal because then we can turn this thing into a monster for everybody. Yeah. So if you guys know anybody a dodge forward in any of those places and, you know, muscle cars, you got muscle on stage, they go hand in hand. That any industry goes hand in hand with this. I mean, I think I think also what's great about our whole entire industry is that pretty brand loyal to everybody, that that is giving back to the sport and supports. I think it's much different than when you go to, you know, a lot of different sporting events, whatever it is. And okay, yeah, there, of course, the sponsors are there, their sponsors are whatever else, but this industry definitely supports more of the people that are giving back. I think that's a 100 percent true about body-building. It's not true about too many industries and too many even sports segments, but for ours, it's a 100 percent true. Yeah, I mean, look at this week. I should say those weekend. It was the weekend of the Olympia. You had two people that were legendary that retired on stage. Yeah. Right. We had Sid, who won her eighth and then we had Seabam, who won sixth and basically said, you know, I'm done, but there's still involved and they still want to be involved. Sid is posting more now after she's retired, then she did before. And it's just one of those things that's so cool because I see the engagement. I see how many people really follow her and how connected she is. And there's so many different projects she's working on and she's used it as such a catapult to so many businesses, her posing business and everything else. Yeah. And obviously, Chris, you know, it's piece for itself. I don't have to even get into that. Yeah. But, you know, it's one of those things where I just feel like it's so connected in both of them are just people that come to mind and they were cream of the crop when it comes to being able to be winners on stage, but being able to be really connected to their audience, also has made them very, very likeable. Yeah. And then obviously, guy like Chris who's got, you know, 20 million plus followers on social, I think so. We're 25 now. But it's one of those things where it really really creates a lot of connectivity. Is there anything you guys are going to change regarding any of the other divisions with posing or any of the other stuff that goes along with it? Like, I know that there was some talk possibly about maybe figure adding in something or maybe a pose or one of those things. Is that anything that you guys have thought of yet or is there still stuff that just comes across in conversation? You know, there's always ideas, but right now for 2025, there's nothing that we're going to change in the other divisions that we have already. Okay. So no new men's muscular, most, you know, muscular physique, no front lats spread. Now. And anything I go do literally, I'm going to tell you a quick story about that. It was crazy because we had C-bum who literally was like, dude, okay, how am I supposed to do this lats spread? And I'm like, well, you do the front one. He's like, no, no, the back one, you know, and I'm just like, oh, shit, I forgot how you don't do the back of that. So getting them to do the open stuff in those couple of weeks and the last week when we were in Prague. And I'm sitting there and just like, okay, what are we going to do for your most muscular? Let's go ahead and let's hit that, you know, crab most muscular. And he's really wide too. So he can do the hands on hip. He can turn around and do some of that stuff. So what do you think about all that? You know, I mean, I thought you saw it from home. Yeah, I thought it was awesome. In fact that he, you know, and just wanted to end where he started and open, right? Which is so crazy because I remember at North Americans, he actually, I mean, he looked amazing. He won his wayclass and then the overall, everybody like loved this physique. But Justin Rodriguez was there. And he was huge. Obviously, he's super heavyweight and he was peeled out of his mind and there was a guy, man, that's just too much muscle. Right? But everybody's like, man, this kid's like so good. Then classic and then get created. And then, of course, he ran with everything else. But I thought it was so cool to see him and open. He's tall, right? With a huge frame. Yeah. Obviously, he filled out a lot from the Olympia. Like I told you, I think I didn't seem in person. But still from what I saw, he looked, he looked a lot better there than he did at the Olympia probably because it was a fight in his body to make weight. Yep. And he got to compete against a guy that was top five. That was, you know, that was just fourth in Martin. And, you know, Martin, I think was sharper at the Olympia. Yeah. But it also, you know, Chris is the greatest class of competitor ever. Of course, he's still just won the Olympia. And even then, I feel like it was in the height difference kind of throws it off when you're looking. But you kind of got to see like, okay, from the front, you really see, look at Martin's quads and that within the leg from the front, right? And the development and the back compared to Chris is. But then you see Chris brought over the the pretty structure and everything from classics. So of course, he's going to catch your eye, especially in certain poses, right? Like the front lads spread. The front lads spread is crazy because of how small his waist is and how wide he is and tall he is. So it's such a like comparing contrast of bodies. And then you saw like a guy that came from a whole different set of criteria coming into their inpution and pushing, you know, a guy that was just fourth at the Olympian, the open. So I don't see that's, that's what makes obviously Chris special to is. I don't know if there's another guy that you would say, oh, he, you know, obviously we're going to have a new champion who ever is going to be next year. Right. I don't think we're going to say like, hey, okay, we have this new guy at the champion and you're going to be like, hey, I want to see him. I think he'll do well against the guy that was top five at the Olympian. I don't think we're going to see that for a while. I mean, if, you know, if ever who knows, but in like in very, you know, soon times, I don't think so. So I think that was crazy. But that was so cool. And then he got the experience and everything with all the fans, of course, that he has, which is ridiculous amount. And all that support. And I thought that was just so awesome. And just divide from the show, just watching him through the live show, I was like, oh, man, that has to be crazy show to be yet. Yeah, I don't know what the live stream with the count was, but the auditorium was power. Oh, I saw the videos thousands. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think there was like two, they did, they maxed it out for both nights, pre-judging it on that for almost just under three thousand five hundred. That sounds about right. Yeah. That sounds about right. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds about right. Yeah. And it was completely sold out. I guess within 10 minutes. When they put it up, that he was going to do it. And yeah, I look at men's classic real quick. What with that now being a throne that is basically empty, Mike looked great. And he looked great. I don't think he peaked, right. And when you look at this lineup, who do you feel could possibly out of the current crew of athletes up there that could possibly do a multiple Olympia winning run? Wow, that's a good question. Right now, I would say, there's no way you could say any of them. Because Mike improved drastically. I mean, actually, like I said, Chris looked much different at progged than he did at the Olympia. Yeah. His body's not fighting to make weight and everything else. Probably a bunch of nerves and everything else. Like in his head thinking about being done and retiring, Mike was at his absolute best actually in my opinion, but also in many other people's been in one some poses from Chris, which is the first time that happens since Chris lost, which was a completely different Chris, right? Now he's physique is amazing. He was able to lose poses to somebody else, which I thought was didn't think it was going to happen, right? Coming into the show. I thought it was just going to be probably what it's been, you know, the past couple years. Sure. Mike, now as to show, hey, he can get in that condition every time. His body's going to stay the same. If not improved, he's actually under the weight limit from what I know. So, you know, not that he needs to grow so much, but he still has room to improve and everything else, even without the weight limit hampering him too much. Then you got hers who, from what I know, is going to take the whole year off, which he loves to compete. He's going to take the whole year off and still improve, especially in the arms and the back, the two areas that he needs to. Right. But he looked like from the Arnold and Arnold UK, it completely a different guy. Yep. On the Olympia stage, he's a guy who's structure is more like Chris is, right? He's a little bit taller. He's more of a star, like Chris. Mike has a very unique structure where his waist isn't the smallest, but it's still small, but his shoulders are so broad. Yep. And then you have Ramon who he might not have the wideest structure and the widest taper. But he didn't peak rate. If you saw, again, with his posing, it's not always the best. And then also, like his back was improving so, so much. And like there was like, I remember people like he posted some posing video. Everybody's texting me the video, right? Especially him in the back double. Like it flexes Jim. And I'm like, oh, okay, this this guy might might come in and bring it together. Yeah, and he might be better than what he was the year before. And I'm like, oh, maybe he's going to be the one to push Chris. But then it didn't it didn't come together for him. But to ever look like that in general, right? It was in opposing rooms. The video's not edited or anything. To ever look like that, you know he has that potential. Right. And it's like, hey, if this guy can put everything together, get everything straight. That's a guy that can that can come in and all, even though he was just fourth, he can jump everybody. Sure. You got a guy, okay, that won the Arnold, right? He didn't bring his best physique Wesley to the Olympia. He dropped all the way down to eighth, which again shows you classic is no joke. It is so, so deep. It's the deepest. It in my opinion, it is the deepest division by far in the proly. I agree. I think because the guy that's, okay, go look at go look at who's in 15th place. You're not going to tell me that's an impressive physique. No, they're all really really good. Go look at like a guy. I said a guy in the fourth call out. When they come out at pro shows, normal pro shows that obviously aren't stacked with every single person that's the best in the world, they come out and they're in the first call and it's like two fourth fifth call all guys. People at the show are like holy crap. These guys look amazing. They're really good. Right? And yes, of course, there's a difference between them and the top guys, but it's like by themselves, it's like there are people are like, whoa, whoa, this, you know, it's every division isn't exactly like that. Classic is. So there's guys. I mean, you know, Breon's been around forever. Somehow improving still at his age. If he stays in Classic, young kid from Spain was in six that Jose, he's like 22 or 23. Really young. You know, Michael DeBull is always in their westlies in there. Going back to westly, what did you see the most difference between him winning the Arnold and being, I think his legs downsized for sure. Instead of obviously his hamstrings and glutes or things he needed to bring up a hundred percent. Right. And instead, not only did he not bring those up, but even his leg with and I feel like just the look of his quads were also down. So I feel like his leg just as a general were down. He was in good condition, but his back didn't have that same depth and pop and 3D look to it, which when when he's on his back is very, his back double is very, very strong pose. Especially because he's great arms and shoulders and everything else. For him, it's more about bringing that lower body in and making sure he's peaked right. I mean, he's a threat still. I mean, it doesn't matter that he just took a he beat her. He beat, uh, he beat Ramon, right? He beat a lot of these guys at the Arnold. Right. So that was just to the beginning of the year. It shows you like if everything is not perfect, you can be anywhere like in Classic. And like the rest of the top 10, if you go down, there was a kid from Brazil in ninth. His structure is amazing. He needs more chest and more back. But I didn't even know this. I judge him at the Texas Pro. He ended up in a close second because his conditioning wasn't totally on and everything else. But I judged him at the amateur Olympia Brazil one year before, which was the weekend before the 2023 Olympia, he won the overall there. I had no clue. Dude, dude, looked like a different person in one year. So I'm excited to see like what gains he makes. And then Matt Grego was in 10th. Yeah. He basically doubled in size and looked like a pretty different guy from the year before to two last year. So that was the top 10. He's one of those top 10 guys. If you took everybody else out and you just put them like looking at their pictures, I feel like people would be like, wow, that's like a physique. Oh, if you told me that was the Mr. Olympia for this category, I could believe you. Right. Like it's not like that in every category, not at all. So it's like classic. I feel like there's no guy I would say that, oh yeah, that guy's probably going to make them all to your run. I think, no, these guys are very, very close to each other. Right. And if someone's able to do that out of this crop, they definitely will be showing crazy crazy improvement every year. It will be something that's very hard to do. It could be done for sure. But like right now, I just think the excitement of these guys are improving and they're improving at a rapid rate. Right. So you can't really afford to stay the same and feel like you're going to keep your place and you're getting better. Absolutely. And I think you're right. And I think that it's growing because of the fact that these people, it's so close between them. And you have these crazy fans that are just like, I like Wesley or I like Ramon or I like Chris or I like Irrs. I mean Irrs is kind of huge following. Yeah. I mean the guy. And it's just like you see all these guys. And I think Mike's really going to catch legs after his placing and this is going to build momentum. I don't know if any of these guys are doing the Arnold, but that's going to be interesting. And then also, are you going to, you say you do have classic classic would be a pit burger, the prize money. We didn't announce again and what it's going to be because it's not settled 100%, but it's going to be raised. It's going to be significant, you know, significant raising prize money from what a normal show isn't even from what we did last year when we gave about 10,000 for the winner. So it's going up from the 10k. Yes. Yeah. 100%. Okay. Yeah. So we'll see, you know, because we're still working on a lot of stuff behind the scenes for the show. But yeah, no, I'm excited because I know we're going to get some of those, those top classic guys too. Absolutely. What's crazy is a bunch of guys I just named that made the top 10, one and the top 10 that you're before too. So it's like, there's new guys, there's guys that were last call out, second of last call out to the Olympia, there's guys that didn't even make the Olympia, they're coming in and like, you know, get on stage and you're like, where did this guy come from? And they're from all over the world. So now I'm excited. I know we're going to get, we're going to have like a good life. That's why every lineup at the Pittsburgh, I'm excited about because I know it's going to be, we're going to see some of those top level competitors and we're going to see some new people that people didn't even know about. And now they're stepping up next to really, really quality physics and athletes with track records and having who knows beat some stands next to them will truly good. And that just again, throws the sport, throws their, throws their brand and throws the excitement for the division. Absolutely. And one of the other divisions I just want to just touch on too is men's physique. Did you see a difference with the weight caps now? 100% Okay. 100%. The look, again, we've kind of got it standardized, right? Where we don't want that huge look with the huge shoulders and the arms overpowering the torso, right? Everything should be in balance with each other. Having the balance with the board shorts, you know, being a little bit above the knee and being tighter with the leg development, right? We saw more leg development on everybody, but we're seeing more of that balance between the upper and the lower body and the weight caps are holding the weight. So I think that's helping with the size, right? A lot, the judging, I feel like we did a good job with judging to make sure, because some guys are, you know, everything's different with physique's, the weight of their balance, how they carry their weight, everything else. So you can have a guy that still has its way too big of an upper body and makes weight. So the judging needs to be on point for that, but the weight limits with the heights, definitely. That's actually really interesting. I want to stop you there. So you're still taking consideration even if they're making weight, if they look too big for the class. 100%. Okay. Yeah, 100%. And I think that's why the look has been much better. And because of this, like everybody's like, oh, well, you put the weight limit on the amateurs. I said, no, because at this point, if you're weighing yourself and your whole goal has become a pro, you know what the pro weights are. So if you're already over the weight, even if you get a pro card and you sculpted yourself from men's physique, that's not, that's not cutting it for classics, everything's over. So really on the amateurs side, I feel like the look and everything has been much better. And actually the participation in men's physique was very, very good this year. So I'm very happy with the direction that went, what the heights and the weights did and what they're doing. And I feel like, again, that's very, very good because again, Ryan is extremely impressive. I think all the guys at the top are extremely impressive. But it's not what people thought men's physique was getting to with being too big and almost like body builders and classic guys in the board, or it's not that. Definitely not that these guys at the top are very aesthetic, you know, very balanced and just overall very good look for the division. When are we going to get to the heights and the weights where we don't have to check in so often? I know that you're going to work on something. So it's already up. Once you get heighted three times, it's locked. Okay. So there's now a bunch of guys that have their heights locked. I don't need heighted anymore. They know what their height is. So they just need to be on their weight. Does it matter which show they get heighted and weighted? No. Okay. We did three because that way, if there's any discrepancy, first we're going to see it. Okay. So if there was like, oh, you got measured at 5, 8, 5, 8 and then one show 5, 9 and a half. Well, that's not getting locked in. The 5, 9 and a half skin thrown out. Okay. So better be something that's close to the other two measurements. And then if it's, let's say it was 5, 7 and 7, 8, 8, 8 and a quarter and 5, 8 and a quarter, you're going to end up getting locked in right over 5, 8 because it's the average of three things. So that that way is fair. Because what happens is, if you're not too careful on everything else of the check-ins, they want to stand on their tiptoes a little. They want to do this. They want to do that. They want to do anything to get into that next height class. That's why we won three because if they get away with it from somewhere, we're going to see a no or if there's just a little bit of a thing. Hey, we're taking the average and that's it. So just in case something slips through on one show, it doesn't get locked in. It's got to be three. Yes. And then you go ahead and take the average. And even after three, we've taken away a height from people before two and made and said, oh, they're going to go to another show. They're going to get heighted because something was off. So it's like, we had to do that for very, very few, but just a couple. Wait a second. What's going on here? That's on the back end and stuff that we do. So they're wearing like three pairs of socks. You're not supposed to have the socks on one because people put, we found people put and stuff on their heel in the socks. Right. And she says, that's why you got to take your socks off. And yeah, people try to get by with anything, but we're very, very strict on that. So yeah. Okay. So now when you do that, then they're locked in and then they're ready to go. You do the three. And then you don't have to go out and try to get heighted in by the Olympian next year if you're already locked in. Exactly. Got you. Got you. Awesome. So I mean, a lot of really cool changes, lots of amazing shows coming up, a ton of new money coming into the industry. Yep. And you're going out there and reallocating it. So kudos to you and the whole NPC, IFBB Pro League. And I'm definitely looking forward to be able to see all of these things coming into fruition. This year we have just a day away nationals, which is going to be awesome. Yep. So we're going to see some of the best amateur physics in the country to be able to do that. And for those of the people that are listening because we have a lot of international listeners to they don't know the rules between USAs and nationals. What are the rules 100% if you can just give a quick update on how what you have to be green carvers is citizen to compete at the nationals versus North American. If we can give a quick brief update on how what you have to be green carvers is citizen to compete at the nationals versus North American. If we can give a quick brief update on how you can do that. So it's all about we kind of took away like the green car, all this kind of other stuff because there's like you're dealing with things that are out of your control. If you are residing now this is worldwide. The country you reside in is where you you're allowed, that's where your country of residents is going to be. Okay. So in the US you want to compete at junior USAs, junior nationals, the universe, masters nationals, North Americans, masters USAs, and nationals. You need to be a resident of the US in for at least four months. And if that's the case you're going to have to send in proof whether it's a rent contract or bill contract or whatever else. Because if you try to circumvent the system and say you're from the US trust me, everybody's going to know people, everybody tells on each other. You'd be not actually probably not be surprised if they amount of people that tell another people that say hey they're trying to skirt around the rules. So and if that happens and you would somehow get a pro car that pro car you're going to take it away from you because you didn't fall the rules. So you need to have resided in the US for at least four months, right? That shows you're actually living here. Okay. And you can do all those shows. Now North Americans, you can be from Canada or Mexico as well and go to North Americans. And then the amateur Arnold and the amateur Olympia, you can be a athlete from anywhere in the world. Okay. But if you have a regional qualification for your country, you would have to have fulfilled that and compete in an original that year before going to those shows. So the Arnold actually because it's at the beginning you would have to do it in 2024 for an extra you would have to compete in this year. If not, if you didn't compete in 2024 you can't go to the amateur Arnold. Amateur Olympia, you have all of 2025 to compete in a regional in your country. If you have that, if you're in a country that doesn't require regional qualification then you can just come in and you can do those shows. Awesome. Because in the past it would you were supposed to have either a citizenship or a green card or whatever kind of former document you have. But that stuff there's we had too many people that have been in the states for years upon years and years and they didn't have. They don't have the green card or whatever. Yeah and it's just like hey they live here. Why would we say hey you got to go back to the country that you were from originally or came from that you haven't been to potentially in years. When did that change? We've kind of changed over the last two years. Okay, it's very new because again I used to have to deal with that all the time when I was dealing with an I was coaching with amateurs and doing the USA as the nationals. It was like in people would call me and I'm like nope you got to be a citizen or you got to have a green card. Yeah. And that was it. But now in the last two years that's changed. So again guys, if you've been a resident for more than four months you can do those shows as long as you're qualified to do the shows. Yeah. So that means you still have to qualify. But you can if you do qualify you can do the USA the nationals team you any of the ones that Tyler mentioned. You can do it as long as you've had at least four months of USA residency. Correct. Okay awesome. So again man that's awesome. Thank you so much for sharing all of this. I know I'm so excited about the new division. You know it's awesome and looking forward to doing more and being able to really share the journey as you've been doing with all those videos because you've been doing a great job with the breakdowns. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I mean again that's like I said before when we were talking that's for the fans of the sport to understand what we're looking at everything that's going on. I think you know in certain certain areas in certain countries they can see that more. Certain areas in certain countries they could care less. They just want their guy or their girl their girl to win and we were wrong no matter what. Yeah. But I feel like again that that helps with getting people interested in the sport because they're actually knowing and getting it broken down for them of what we're looking at and why things happen. So they can follow along better and they're going to enjoy the sport better. Yeah and they said if you ever need a backup Cameron wanted to let you know he can definitely go on and do the backup for you in the breakdown. Yeah, oh no trust me I know he can. I know he can. He's he honestly he could be a great judge already and he's 11 years old. I mean it's crazy. He was going back before the Sandy last night. I mean it's one of those things where he'll turn around and challenge you and break it down and do all the things that like you used to work. But what do you say and make sense too that's like the most impressive thing. It's like no you have an argument or what like you know like you're saying stuff that if someone came to him and asked for feedback he's given very credible feedback and like tangible of what they could do it's like wow okay 11 years old there you go. Yeah yeah at some point we're going to try to get him a chest judge and see how he does he can't see how he does. He can't do pretty good actually. He does against all the rest of the judges are there right now. But again there's a lot of really cool stuff going on. Finish up with workshops. Any workshops that you're going to be at for Q1 2025 right now that we can also mention. I didn't decide actually. After 2024 and as I haven't made any schedule or anything else like for myself yeah yeah. Okay so there's plenty of workshops out there every single state. I mean even internationally but especially every single state we're going to have workshops you know in the beginning months of the year that I think are very valuable to attend. You know even if you're completely new beginner or you're you know you were pros or whatever else they're all valuable to attend because you're going to hear things and pick up things that they're only going to help you and making more comfortable whenever you decide you want to compete. Yeah I remember when Sandy started kind of that trend a while back and it's been going really really well Steve's doing them at his gym. They're amazing I see the photos. I really want to attend actually out there because I've seen so many of them and I haven't gone for so long and I want to be able to go out there I think the last time I was out there I was with Chris and it's just a different vibe but being able to do these and being a part of them I really enjoy them. So if you have the ability go to these because they have so much information on many of them are free. Some sometimes there's a little bit of a fee depending on kind of where it's at or what it's a part of but most of the time it's the time it's free yeah there are some fee it's probably just the cover whatever expenses it costs the set up but yeah basically most of them are free and they're very very valuable you know to go to. Yeah yeah and then remember if you're going to be out in the New York area Pittsburgh area the Pittsburgh Pro is a second week of May and then we have the New York Pro right behind it so that's going to be a really really cool time because there's something that has the inaugural expo and all of the other things are going along with it. Brother thank you so much man I know you're super busy during this time I appreciate you coming out here and being able to do this. No problem honey told me we'll talk for 15 minutes it's definitely been way way more than 15 minutes like maybe next year 5 or 10 minutes yeah yeah yeah thank you so much. No thank you for having me I appreciate it. Honey Rambad Tyler Manion and that's the truth.

=== FILE: UNRETIRED ALREADY!  EP. 121 [koAVfbwiYcg].txt ===

Welcome to the TruthPodcast. I'm your host, Honey Rambad. And I'm here to talk to you about some of the questions I've been getting all of our social media. I just recently did a trip to India. Got together with hers. And it was awesome. Tell you a little bit about the trip. Went out there. Did the IHFF Expo in Mumbai at the Bombay Center. Yeah, convention center flew in again, really quick turnaround. I flew in one day, had three days in a row. And that night on the third day came back. But not to take away anything from the event. But I was really just about the people. I've always, and everybody asks me, they go, why are you so stoked to go to India? It's so tough. It's so rough because of the fact that you got to worry about what you eat or what you drink and everything else. But for me, yes you do. This is a situation in other countries, not every country, can you turn around and drink tap water or do anything like that? You can like you can here in the States. And even in some cities in the States, you shouldn't be drinking tap water. But in all honesty, the passion of the people in India is absolutely next level. And they came out and drove and had a line the whole entire time. And Irz and his girlfriend are a pleasure because they were there as well. But we were probably the only ones. They were the only ones from Europe. I was the only one from North America. And everybody else that was there were influencers, fitness influencers that were from India. And me and Irz got to hang out. We got to grab some food together. But we also got to work out together. So if you missed that and even under a rock, it's up. And we were able to show a back workout with Irz. And it was great. Definitely want to get him out to my gym here because he said that he wanted to try out some of the equipment, the panodic equipment here. Love to be able to put him through a workout here. And the cool thing about it is that I can do that. And many people think that they're like, wait a minute. I thought you were tired. Guys, this has nothing to do with my coaching. This has to do with just training people. And I never said I'm going to stop training people. I just said that the elite Olympia coaching in what's involved. And again, many you don't know what's involved with that. And I'm going to touch on it a little bit. The constant updates that I require from my athletes is daily updates. I need your weight. The last time they'll send me pictures, sometimes even twice a day, as we get closer to the show. And so I'm constantly on. And that means that it's really hard for me to be present. During the summer, going into an October prep, all of that time, I really want to spend time with my family, my son, who's now 11 years old, he's going to be 12 coming up. I want to be able to do that. And lots of times, I'm constantly thinking in the back hands like a hum. I call it like a wardrobe that's going on during prep. But during workouts, I never said I'm going to stop training people. I just said, during the, I can't do that high level Olympia prep because I shut everything off. I shut off so many parts of my family, parts of my business, everything. Because I'm trying to stay super focused. And I've been doing it for over 30 years. And now the evolution of that is being able to work with many more people and getting in the gym, helping them, breaking down body parts, workouts, just even diet supplements, talking about supplements, talking about philosophies that I have, and a much more open audience. Because I'm not trying to just focus on three people trying to win the Olympia, like I was in the past. So now with this evolution to my coaching, it's going to be information like this that I'm going to be able to share with you. It's going to trade show and working with anybody that wants to be able to get together. If I've got the time and we can schedule it, be like, hey, you know, or you want to get together and do a workout grade. If somebody else wants to get together and do a workout, awesome. And I want to be able to do more of those. I really had a good time working with Sean Clarita. We got some workouts in together last year. And it was great. Because I just love being able to work with different bodies. I mean, obviously, I've coached Jeremy and Men's physique. I've coached Chris and Classic. I've trained two 12 guys like Derek when he won the two 12, but 202 with Kevin English. I've worked with many, many Olympia open winners. But also, I just like different varying bodies. Even if they're not elite Olympia level and being able to do that for an hour and a half, two hours in the gym. And then turning it off is what I'm looking to do. And that's the evolution of me as a coach. Is being able to give the information help somebody out, shoot it so that I can share it with you all, and then be able to move on. But with my particular style of coaching, I want to have as much control over every single aspect of a bodybuilders program. So are they making sure timing is done? Are they making sure that they're getting enough sodium? They're not doing too much sodium? Are they doing the right foods? They're not doing too much process crap? Are they making sure that they're taking in? Everything else that's going to help their wellness? All of these things I hyper focus on, because your only as strong as the weakest link in the chain. So that's how I think, and that's what's got me to wear a mat. And I have no in-between. So therefore, that's why I really like going into what I'm doing now and being able to get together with hers, doesn't mean I'm coaching hers. It means that I can turn around and share information and give different perspective in a two-hour training session, and I really, really enjoy it. So again, for all those that are like, are you in retirement? Are you out of retirement? I want to give a little better understanding to you all on where I sit in this quote-unquote retirement phase. It's really an evolution phase of how I want to be able to share information with more athletes, with more of you on social, and with more of you on all my platforms. I can be able to create more programs on my FST7 app. I'm doing more formulations for Evegen. I'm doing able to do more meat and grease around the world, because that space in my head where I have to hyper focus is now been freed up. And I can add in much more creative into that. And I can be able to create different scenarios where I can share with the audience. I've got four or five million between all of my platforms. I think we're about to hit a million on YouTube. I got 2.8 million on Instagram, another million and a half on TikTok. I mean, it's a lot of different people around the world that I like to share information with, as well as building up my app. So all of these things have are happening. And then I'm also, again, going to be doing coaching. And I'm going to be building my team on that. So that is coming up. A lot of people are asking me, when I'm going to be able to do coaching, well, that is something that is a process. Again, everyone who knows me knows that I do not like to rush these types of plans. I don't like to rush my formulations. I do not like to rush any aspect of anything I do. So measure twice, cut once, and this is what it's all about. So again, so this was an amazing trip. I was able to get together with hers who's one of the best up there right now. And this also leads me to some questions that were on my YouTube and saying, where do I think he's going to place? Can he win the Olympia? Absolutely, he can win the Olympia. But I also believe that it is wide open right now. With Chris now retiring, the classic physique division is wide open. And I feel like there's going to need to be Mike Errz. I mean, even Wesley has to see if he can be able to re-establish himself in the top three, because he hasn't been able to do that at the Olympia stage yet. He's won the Arnold Classic. But I think he needs to do a little bit of tweaking to be able to replicate what that success look like on the Arnold Classic stage, on the Olympia stage. And there's a lot of pressure. And people don't talk about the pressure enough. So I'm going to go ahead and share with you a little bit about what that feels like. When you have success, now you have expectations. So that pressure tends to build exponentially. So even good old Derek Lundsford, one, champ champ, one, two, 12, turns around, and he wins the open. So much pressure. And people don't realize how much that affects you. Again, if anybody here who's listening to this or I was watching this on YouTube or listening to it through one of the different platforms on the podcast stations, you're going to know how difficult it was if you ever competed before. Even if you've done a boat of shooting, you try to peek for a boat of shoot, how difficult that is. But even competing, because you're so fixated on that one moment. And if you turn around and you add in the fact that millions of people are watching your journey, millions of people are expected to need it, always be at your best. And now you turn around and be able to do that. You have a guy like Derek Lundsford who had been fourth place when I met him. Our first show together, he wins two, 12. Our second show together. He wins, I should say he takes second in the open Olympia. His third show together with me wins the open Olympia. And then going into his fourth show together, pressure, tons of pressure. So what happens is he pulls the top three finish. Was he at his best? No. But I feel like him even going into the Arnold now. I think there's a lot of pressure. It's off of him, because the expectation is now our lower and he can reset. And that makes a huge difference on how your physique is going to look when you get up on that stage. So my point being, when you have that pressure the night before and you don't sleep, it affects how you look. If you are going from meal to meal and you're stressing about your exact minute, you're trying to peek in the back of your head, that affects how you look. If you're constantly just worried, because you just have so much expectation from all your friends or family but again, being Mr. Olympia, that's going to affect how you look. That pressure is real. And so when someone like Wesley Visor, who had crazy expectation going into the Mr. Olympia competition after winning the Arnold, that's also, I'm sure I'll lot to do with it. So when you look at it, there is a human aspect that you cannot turn around and make into a, hey, let me just put a program together and say, AB will equal C. You do have to deal with that pressure. So now I believe that with both of them, great examples, are the pressures off and they can reset. But I do feel like people have to take that in consideration. But going back into the Arnold classic thoughts, because I do want to be able to mention some things about the Arnold classic as well, you're going to have a good line up because now Derek is doing the show. So I feel like it's going to be even more competitive, not that it wasn't. But I do feel you have a prior Olympia winner, David Lunsford, who's going to go in there with less pressure. So I feel that's going to make a huge difference. So, and again, people are going to ask me, what about his coach? Do you know, obviously I know who he's working with? I know behind the scenes everything that's going on in regards to his mindset and his pressure and all of those things are just tremendously so that he can be able to focus wholeheartedly on the prep. And I think that's going to make a huge, huge difference. But so I do not think it's going to be a runaway show for Samson Dauta. But I do think that you have him, you have Andrew Jack, you have so many really, really good athletes that are going in there to be able to really chop it up with Samson. But I do think it's one of those things where people have to take these things in consideration. So again, whether it's Wesley with the Olympia this year versus the Arnold last year, or they should say, the difference with that, was it pressure, was there something that was going on? I don't know the specifics on it. Actually, wouldn't be bad. We should probably get Wesley on here. I'd love to have him on here. So if anybody knows Wesley, let me know. Let him know that we'd love to have him on here, because I'd love to do a Q&A with him. And see how his mindset was between the two. And it's one of those things where we should definitely think about all those other things that go along with having to prep. But the evolution of my coaching bringing it back to that is that it's an evolution. I'm not retiring from coaching everybody. I'm just not working on Olympia level athletes to that level. And I still open doors for hotly, Derek, all of those things absolutely. They can come in, train whenever. It's going to be an evolution to that. Obviously, hotly has a language barrier issue that we're going to have to make sure that he has everything taken care of with his visa, with just so many different things. But I'm very considerable that. But just being able to not have to worry even right now. And I know Derek is in good hands. I can turn around and be able to give so much more compared to my prior years. So again, I'm looking forward to being able to give you guys way, way more content, being able to do many, many more things that I wasn't able to do, because I just have a huge amount of weight off of my shoulders. Because again, that weight, and that pressure, just like the athletes get, I've had build up with now 25 Olympia wins. Then it's 26, 27 at some point, like, well, what are you trying to get? 30. I mean, now it's about just really being able to give those pieces of information back to the people that help me get to where I'm at, and that's all of you. So again, I thank you for your support, for EVGEN. I thank you for the support, for those that are on my FSC7 app. And those that just really have been given me such huge amounts of positive reinforcement and with his toughest decision in my life, which is to quit elite level coaching. So again, when you say elite, it's the Olympia guys that I need to turn off the word drum. But for now, I mean, you never know what's going to happen later either, because maybe in several years from now, things might change, because Cameron gets older and all that. But right now, this opportunity for me to be able to bond with my son and constantly being present with him and being able to rewire my brain and reestablish my relationship with him as he's like a pre-teen and being able to have fun with him, without having to check my phone for a response to my text and a new picture from one of the athletes and making sure to create a solution for every single possible problem is something I don't have to worry about right now. So again, I love you all. I appreciate you all. And hopefully that answers your questions regarding what I'm doing with myself and being a coach.

=== FILE: Urs Miracle Bear on Enhancement, Bodybuilding, & Fatherhood [MVTjKifiHKM].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and I am happy to announce that we just got out of the gym with none other than Mr. Miracle Bear himself. We have me here in the studio. Ears Kalachinski. Yes. Would you like to be like that? Perfectly pronounced, bro. Happy to be here. Yes. Welcome to Dallas. Yeah. Welcome to Texas. Wow. I'm a frequent listener to your podcast. So, I'm outing me as a little fanboy of it. And I always push you, right? Every time you call me, I'm like, you need to get up more podcasts. Yes. Yeah, super cool. And also the Q&A is in everything. Because of 30 years of knowledge you have from bodybuilding, it's great to watch, to hear it and to learn. You know, when I go outside for a walk, put on the podcasts. So, best regards to everybody who will listen it outside. All the cardio buddies out there who are listening to this. Yeah. It was really good because Ears and I got to meet formally and got to spend time together at the India show. That was crazy, right? We were the only ones from the West that were there. It was a couple days before Christmas. And many of you watched the video. We did a back video together. Yeah. And I was trying to educate him and Alisha, his girlfriend, about what are to eat and what to eat. Just stay off a Delhi Valley, right? We got some Indian pizza. Yeah. Yeah. We found it in restaurant, it's in our hotel. And it was awesome. It was actually pretty good. Yeah. It was a little insider. But yeah, before that, we just, I saw you, of course, ten years ago with all the videos we did with Andrew, we filled with Jay. I've always got this guy and I looked up to it. Of course, we did some arms yesterday and I told you, I had this, your arm routine, you put up with Andrew, I think. Well, Andre. Andre, sorry. Andre, Andre, Andre, you, I did it for three years or something. So I knew you worked exactly and that I saw you at the Olympia. And we said hello and had a little small talk. But then in India, we really met each other. And that was a great time. And it was super cool for you guys out there. I mean, it was two or three days before Christmas. And we both thought, like, yeah, let's go over to India. And that was crazy because also to get a perspective, you know, the back video we shoot was like, middle in the night in the middle of nowhere. And the middle of nowhere, that was a 45 minute drive from the venue through there. And then we trained and after that, it was a pretty good workout to be honest. As you guys saw, but we both were tired as fuck. And then I told you, like, yeah, I need to come to Texas to stay there and bring some time with me. To really get a whole workout in and a whole day of chilling, eating with some great Texas barbecue last night. It was amazing. And yeah, just spend some time together. Because I think honestly, I'm one of the few pro athletes or limp athletes. They are traveling very frequently, you know. If you see my socials and everything, I probably train with every legend out there. You know, with Jay, with all those guys, with Dorian. And I'm always trying to learn from everybody, you know. Yeah, and you are a purist. I feel like you have that passion, that old school passion. You know, you follow bodybuilding, you study it, you break it apart, you put it back together. You're a person who I realize just from spending some time with you that you are a huge fan. And I've, in a really good way, in a way that, like I said, I call those types of fans a purist. Because you are not only walking the walk, but you're talking the talk and going back and forth about appreciating all the people. Before you. Yeah. And not having a chip on your shoulder, but literally enjoying going through a hard workout, enjoying traveling, enjoying doing what you love. 100% I mean, that's what I dream for last 13 years, you know, making this whole thing as my living. Getting to opportunity to train with all those guys out there with you. Wait a minute, you said 13 years? Yeah. Okay, you're 12. You started with 13. You started with your 13. Yeah. But when did you, you're 26 now? And when did you start making a living doing this? Four years ago. Four years ago. Yeah. Okay. So again, he didn't make his living. He started bodybuilding working out. Yeah. I mean, it's all like big passion, you know, it's my, like I said, also to my girlfriend. When she came into my life, 2000, it's Wendy. I think the mic is off. No. I can hear myself. Yeah. We just had a technical malfunction because hers just almost broke our equipment here with his big legs. Makes a big. But you were saying, so when you were in this, starting at 13, did you end up knowing that you always wanted to be a provotable? No, never. I mean, I'm coming from by a, the smallest village in Germany, you know, there are more cowards than people I always say, because bodybuilding is. I mean, in Germany now it gets really popular, but a few years ago, a 10 years ago, it was a subculture. And we didn't had a lot of gyms there. My oldest brother, he was a gymnast. And he brought me to all this. He took you to the gym for the first time? Yeah, because we've 12, 13 years old. How old was he? He was 13 years old. Four years old on the mean. Got you. And he looked and said, you know, shred it like a gymnast body. He had some girls and everything. And I was like growing up with 13, you start like, okay girls, I'm pretty cool. And how do I get this? Yeah, I need to look good. That's definitely not the right way to get some girls, but that was my first motivation. That's where a lot of movie. A lot of people think that why do you think it's not the right way to get girls? Bro, because I don't think a huge body going to end up following some girls to you. So, so you're saying that I had more boys around me asking what my bench is. Then I had girls when I ended up. I think that I think the same for a lot of like, if you went under looking at all the C-bumb fans, you're way more guys than your girls, right? I think Chris told me he had like 5% email followers. 25 million email. Yeah, 95% of it is man. So let me ask you this. Do you think it's because you're also getting to that point where you're so muscular? Do you think if you're smaller and you're men's physique, it would be more different? Yeah, maybe because it's more attainable and maybe not as intimidating. Yeah. And I mean, to be honest for like one night's stance or something, that's pretty cool. But then most of the people out there don't realize how much work it is to get a body like this. Yeah. First, when I met my girlfriend Alicia, she's not in the bodybuilding scene at all. Now she started to train a few days a week. You know her as well. Yes. Before that, she didn't knew me and then we came together. And then she wasn't like, what the fuck how much work is this? I mean, get up every day, do your cow, go to the gym, eat your meals, be on your schedule. Every day for like seven days a week, the whole year. And I think, so how do you mean her? At a nightclub. Okay. So in her personal gym time, yeah, it was like after my, my prep I did. And I had some time off, you know, when I have my time off, I go outside. Yeah, go to party a little bit, but you still go out. Only in that time. Do you still go out now? Yeah, but after the Olympic, you know, right. Or you mean like during the times where you have your like breaks up. Yeah, not even my off season. I take my off season also very serious, but the time after the competition, like the recovery face as you, as you might say to it, that those eight, ten, twelve, which weeks where you don't need to train that hard, like don't need to sleep on. Are you like an visa guy? Do you get a visa every year? Every year. Every year. Like pound the fist in the air. Yeah, it's cool. But the older I get the less I go out, I would say. Maybe also because of the, the whole like social media thing and all this people. I see on all the exports and everywhere I go. I'm getting a little bit social, social distancing in it. And don't want to go out too much anymore. I would say. Because you like because you get jammed up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You get that in the gym a lot now, too. Even in Europe, right? Because everybody's right. Yeah, that's that's pretty crazy. I mean, on one side it's cool, but at the other side, when you're like a professional soccer player. Yeah. No, it comes to you. No, no, there is access to you. No possibility to go on the soccer field and like play with them. Right. And in the gym or in body building, that's the only spot where all people train together. What is really cool? But when you're on prep and you really need to focus and dial in. Yeah, it's hard to do. But yeah. Going back in time when I started, like you mentioned my passion for body building in the old school way. I like to approach things. That pretty much comes from the gym I started. Or like the people I had with me, like old body builders, like told me some things. And I always love the way to do like the old school way. You know, I mean, I'm pretty young. I'm 26. I started super early. Yeah. So I'm like from from the 90s area, like growing up body building kind of thing. So like the Marcus rules and yeah, so you grew up because of the fact that he's German. Yeah, looking up into you know, looking up to him. Yeah, and now he's like a mentor of mine and he gets me tips and like all those guys from the 80s and 90s. What's the best tip that Marcus role gave you? Yeah, he got phenomenal tips. But more like not body building related tips, more on the business side. Okay. Because he went through all this, you know, and I don't have a lot of people in Germany, like professionals. We only have like Marcus who's and Ronnie Rockle who lives in Germany. But Marcus really made a career and I always looked up to him for that, you know, beside the stage. And also like getting good sponsors and everything and I always went up a question about that. And there was a funny story. I asked him, hey, I got my first money from from competing. What should I do? How can I bring this back to Germany? And there was back then there was a checker. You go there, pay like 10% fee and then you get your cash money. And I don't know if I can say it, but anyways, it's the truth. And he told me, role, just get some watches and some diamonds for your girl and take it home. And nowadays you can't do that anymore. But even back then, though, you need a bank loan. You have to remember that's if it's over 10,000. That's kind of like they say. But when you were competing then, I mean, especially in classic, what shows besides the Olympia, right? It was the Olympia. No, that's where I must go. Oh, that's the 30K. Not from that. Now that now they make you wire the money. So now that it's all of it, so you can't really do that. And you pay 50% takes this end of transition from Thona to Euro. And you have to pay the 50% taxes in Germany, right? Yeah. So yeah, but money never was the reason why I started all this. Nowadays, I see a lot of people also work the influencing in social media. They try to do it to make money. And that's not the right way, in my opinion. I always, I love the sports. Still love it. Like you said, I'm a big fan. Looking forward also to the Arnold classics this weekend. I mean, I'm hyped, even if I'm not competing. So it's going to be great. And just travel also so much and see like people met you and India, you know, that is super cool. And the body one day we don't have it anymore. Yes. But the knowledge, the brain. My last minor long time ago. Okay, it's coming back. It's coming back. It's coming back. That's right. That's right. We come up the tier. It's the comeback. Honey, Rem but it's going to the Master Olympia. Yeah, yeah. When 2038. But yeah. So when you are looking at yourself and you said, I wasn't going to become, this wasn't going to be my job. Right. Was it when did you realize I could actually make a living doing this? Wow. That was super late. I mean 2019. I got my pro car. Okay. I got my pro car. And then. Did you start getting paid sponsorships after that? I get my first contract, but that was super shitty. Yeah. I mean, like everybody says when you're beginning. I mean, yeah, but. Really shitty. But that was that was after you're in pro. Yeah, that was after I turned pro. So you had even turned pro yet. And yeah, you had to go to contract until you're in pro. And yeah, the pro car is not going to change a lot. Because a lot of people think like, well, because there's so many pros. Yeah, there's so many pros. Yeah. Don't count anymore. And then, uh, 2020, one when I got my first Olympia placing my first Olympia to fourth place, then everything started to really explode. And then also, um, yeah, I got Alicia, which my, which is my manager. And she no go, she added to contract. And a good way. She's during the day. She's a manager. Yeah. She's your girlfriend. Yeah. She's really much. She's awesome, by the way, because she actually, what I like about Alicia is the fact that she's got the crazy, crazy, dry German sense of humor. Yeah. But she is very, very serious about business. Yeah. And I feel like you are very, very serious about bodybuilding. Yeah. And normally you don't have, especially a girlfriend. You might end up, luckily, if you end up having a wife that can turn around and do that. And eventually who knows, because I know you guys been together for a while, you know, you know, you're not going to have a relationship with the future, right? We talked about that, you know, but the whole point is though, is having somebody in your corner to be able to help you with that while you're focusing on trying to be the best bodybuilder on the planet, right? You're trying to be the best men's classic physique champion. You've placed third a couple of times. Who was pups though? And I'm a bit, because that's true. Yeah. And it's, and I, and I talked about this in a lot of my podcasts and you've heard to me, you know, it's really important it is to have a partner, you know, whether you're a male athlete with a female, you know, significant other or vice versa, you need to have somebody to support you. Because if you don't, it's like having a business partner that is not seeing eye to eye with you. It's going to destroy your bodybuilding career because they're going to have a lot of negative energy towards what you're doing about eating, training, you have to go to your cardio, every time you have to go to your posing, every time you have to go to a work trip. But when you have somebody to be able to balance that with you, then it helps you grow because you don't have to stress about the other things. You don't focus on what you got to do that day in the gym and get your meals in. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's super sad on the one side to like, need that focus 100% for bodybuilding, what I love the most, because like we said before, we don't have those prize money compared to like soccer or other sports, right, where you get like so much money just out of the competition, you need to build your own brand at the same time. Yes. And to be able to do that, I mean, we all just have 24 hours a day and you know how hard it is to coach and to build up the brand you did. That's insane. And now imagine you need to like get your meals in get, I mean, that's a schedule. I need to sleep during the day. That's why Stefan and I would Stefan for those that don't know Stefan obviously has been your coach for many years. And I are going to compete against each other in the best of the worst. The sea is out there. Did he compete ever by the way? He competed. He was super shredded. He had a bicycle accident and he like torn his whole chest. So he just had one chest on stage. Right. Looked a bit stringy. But he was peeled. So yeah, that was first and last time he went on stage. How many years ago was that? Fifteen. Yeah. In my last show was 25 years ago. Was he on natural? Or was he no? No. Okay. I competed a lifetime drug free. When you see that as well, you know that? No, I didn't know that. I started because nowadays everybody jumps on gear super quick. Yes. I don't like to be honest. And that's why because my oldest brother, once again, on both of my brothers, who went on vacation and I was like, yeah, I need to work. It was 2016. And I said, like, I want to do this bodybuilding thing. You know, I don't know which division should I go, which like, yeah, which competition should I do. And he's like, no, no, no, no. You don't do this. Right stuff. When we're going to catch you with some stuff anywhere, we're going to beat the shit out of you. This is what your brother said. Death series. Yeah. And I was like, oh fuck. And he said, like, if you don't want to win, and it's, I have goosebumps again because that's in my, like, in my head since ever, he said, like, when you don't win anything natural, you're going to win shit when you're going to be enhanced. So maximize your natural ability. And that was so good. I mean, looking back in time that was the best thing I could do, you know, training eight years on a natural way, just trying to perfect my training. And even now, I didn't like perfect it my training. I still getting tips and I still learn. And the more time you spend really natural in my honest opinion, and then after eight, nine years and multiple wins, a natural stage, also the process of, like, getting dry on a natural phase is so good. It's, I mean, you're just to win with that. That was so good. And then 2018, look at that. 2018, I wonder German overall, the German nationals. In 2019, I already turned AFB pro. So I just started to take something with my preparation. Within a year of training pro. Yeah. I mean, I was, I won 2018 natural in 2019, in the beginning of 2019 after the first weeks. Yeah, I won the pro cult and then the AFB. So listen to that, everybody. He turned pro with in a year of jumping on. But why? Like I've been talking about for many, many years. You maximize your genetic potential by being able to get training, nutrition, natural supplementation all dialed in. Then once you've pushed that to the absolute limit, then you should decide whether or not you want to go enhanced. But if you start earlier, it's almost like you're building a building on shaky ground. The foundation is not solid. Yeah. You need to be able to work on building a natural foundation so that it's like a really strong stone so that you can really build as high as possible. Yeah. And when you start too young and too quickly, of course, you're going to blow up 10, 15 pounds. But what happens after that? Yeah. Nothing. Nothing. You need to do so big cycles and you just look worse and worse. That's why I also think a lot of people look better when they're natural. Because what happens is they didn't let your body mature naturally. And then they jump on and they expect the drugs to make them into the next mixture of Olympia. And when they doesn't, it doesn't. Your body ends up going really, really sideways. And it's super set because guys, the first year when you start off training again, 20 pounds natural, you know, that's like solid muscle. And then okay, in a second year you gain like, 7, 8 pounds when it's super good genetic. Don't get me wrong. And then the next year may be four and then two and then okay, okay, you see, okay, now slowly but surely I'm on my on my limit kind of. And then you can think about it, but don't start everything too quickly. That's that's not the right way in my opinion. I mean, all the great athletes when you see your Ronnie, you can tell more about it. Feel all those guys. They look super good natural. I mean insane. Yeah, because you can't make up for bad genetics in a bottle. Right. And genetics is pretty much everything in this. It really is. And it is. And it is especially in bodybuilding. Yeah. But you can make up for bad genetics with hard work, but you still can't make up for it in the bottom of a syringe or a bottom of a violin. It doesn't work. I want to be able to make sure everybody knows that because you cannot. The person who's going to tell you like the otherwise and tell you that it could is going to be probably the guy that's trying to sell you the shit. Yeah. You know, and that's where you're going to end up really risking your health and you're going to regret it long term. Especially with 1819 years old. You don't need this. No, they're starting even sooner. Yeah. Because they go like 16 17. That's super cool. And 1819 was a problem several years ago. Now you're starting to hear about it because everybody talks about trend. Everybody talks about what you know jumping on whatever. Right. And even when you're natural to testosterone, just start to 16 17 really to work exactly. Why are you stopping that process? Yes. Right. And then also it can hinder your actual height. It can also help a big time. But mental. It's going to really. What's going to guarantee. What's going to really fuck you up. It's the mental side because your the receptors in your brain are still developing. Your brain is developing. And when you start throwing in all of these hormones and I don't care if it's peptides, it's hormones any of those things. It really can create a lot of problems. Now on the flip side of that, there's starting to see research that creatine actually helps with mental clarity for men, women, all of these things. Yes. As well as strength and now there's some studies that might show that it actually helps you with your actual growth, possibly even with your height. There's some new things coming out. So again, it's all very new, but they're getting more and more. It's such a research highly researched ingredient, but just. Creatine monohydrate is being shown. So many different positive effects. I'm smiling because back then it was so funny. It started to take my first stop. It was a evening in South. I'm not going to lie. Your first stop ever. Yeah. Literally, your first stop ever. In Switzerland and all my guys from Switzerland, best regards to you. I lived there for one year and I worked as an in a gym. Uh-huh. And I moved from Germany to Switzerland because I knew okay when I do bodybuilding, I need some money on hand and to do that. And in Switzerland, you earn a lot of money. And I lived next to the border to Germany. So it was pretty cool. I could go to the grocery shop in Germany and buy my cheap foods and then go to Switzerland again. And kind of that stuff. And they only had like, you would earn a few other companies in Switzerland as you know. Well, I know it's grown a lot. Switzerland is grown a lot for Evision. What year was that? It was 2018. 2018. So even before you turned pro. Wow. And then I always once, it was crazy story because that was why I'm laughing. I had some career team from my friend, you know, way sooner, 2016 or something. Okay. It was like a holy grail. And I was sitting at home like, So I mean imagine creatine. So I take it or should I not. And I was like researching like whole week about it. Like should I take it with some graips syrup or you know, they said like with graips syrup, but it works better. Right. And because of the sugar. And also like, I need to drink like 6, 7, 8 liters of water to really make it work. And stuff like this, you know, I thought like that. And then my mom. She's the best. She founded it and she thought like, I wish it. This kid, 16 years old and he takes steroids. Oh, because she thought it was a steroids. Yeah. She thought that creatine was a steroids. Creatine, it's kind of fuck up your kidney. You're going to be dead until you. She thought like this and she threw it away. So that was your first supplement that you didn't even get to use. Yeah. I used it for like a week or something. So you know, get out. And nowadays it's super like the research is great. The studies are like super safe. Yeah. Super safe. So you can use it with 16. And when all the parents listen and don't be worried about it. It's definitely not going to hurt your kidneys. It's just elevates the one creatine. You're craftening. Yeah. But that's why we always say, make sure you get blood worked on. I even have my son, right? We got his blood worked on before we started creating on him. And he's got his blood worked on and just made sure that we had like on about two and a half grams. And it's one of those things. But honestly, I liked it the way. Of course, you've throw it away and it was a big mess back then. But how expensive was it back then? It was cheap. It was not like when I was when I came up, it was like 300 bucks a kilo. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It was like crazy. And then later I got this free of it, Harigo, you know that from the... Ah, yes. Yeah. Like we were like creating and the car, car matrix in it. Marcus Rul did the advertisement for that. No. I thought like, now it's time. Baby. We get him off. You scoops and I'm going like, yeah. Marcus Rul's coming. But that's what I loved. Like the mysterious about it. I thought like for so long, I thought Ronnie was natural. For real. And was he was natural? First first Olympia. Yeah. But imagine that I was like, I was thinking like, I can reach that natural. And I didn't even thought about hopping on gear. And now I see you really 16 year old guys being one week in a gym and thinking about jumping on. And that's not my kind of bodybuilding understatement. What I learned, you know, what I learned about the beauty of the sport when I was growing up, you know, in the old school gym where I went to, I remember I broke my foot during my break then's time. And then I had those, what was it called in English? Oh, you're just... Putsches. Putsches. Yeah. I got that one and it was snowing outside. And I was walking to the gym with that just to train some chest. And that was like the passion about it, you know, and not like hopping on gear and being a big influence on this kind of shit. Because that fucks you up mentally as well. You know? Yeah. I think it all screws you up. I think social media has created a lot of monsters when it comes to like the inner demons. Yeah, last year I broke. Last year was my honestly, my hardest year ever. Really? I didn't want it to do the Olympia. I never talked about that. To be honest, I was... I didn't have the law for bodybuilding anymore at all. My pressure was so high. I got from like everything, you know. I got problems in my family and with sickness and everything. I was honestly thinking about not doing it. And that was mentally like the toughest time I ever had. And that fucked me up a lot. And that also had to do with social media and you know, with like getting all the pressure from it and being there doing all the stuff you need to do every day. To make yourself happy, make sponsors happy, make you following happy and it's not like back in the days where you had like the magazine cover shootings and like some seminars to do. And that's it and you get your big contract. It has two sides nowadays. On the one side it's great. I mean, you also have a great team with your like nutrition company. We've good influences and athletes. And they like I said yesterday in the little meeting. Every day you have the opportunity to like build your own brand with social media. Make your own money. That's super cool. But at the other side, you have so many comparisons and especially younger people. Compare themselves and then you have a new upcoming star with 13 years old. And then they get the young and young and young and it's just getting too crazy. And then you own like your own wealth. You lose your own worth. Pretty much. Camperison is the thief of Jordan. Yeah, 100%. And that was it got me for real. So it was also during the prep. It didn't felt good anymore. You know, I just. I keep continuing. I don't know why but at the end. At the first time I was I had fun again. When I arrived in Vegas two weeks before the limpia. Really? Yeah. And then I said like okay. What, but what was it? I honestly thought I never going to. I thought I can not go to be in top 10 anymore. But what triggered that? I don't know. I don't know it until this day to be honest. Ever. Ever therapist I work with. Which is really important. And you don't need to be like scared or shy to take a look. You know. You know. Like you have a trainer who trains you in the gym. You also can have a trainer for your mental. Or for your mindset and everything. It's important especially when you're. When you're a professional athlete. And this lifestyle we have is pretty. Strict and can make you mentally feel not good. But yeah, what triggered that is. It's hard to say on one side. There's really private but I'm going to share it. It's because I think I always wanted to make my dad proud. And I never achieved it to be honest. What was. Yeah. Sorry. But what was pretty. Pretty hard for me to see. And yeah that that can fuck you up. They also said to me. You know. Was he there? No. I'm sorry. I didn't know this. Is your father still alive? Yeah. But he's not. No. I don't want to talk about this. But yeah. He wasn't that any of my competitions. He's never in any. Yeah. And I would love that. You know. I would love that. I did. I did practice the year before it twisted it. Yeah. And I only choose it because it was close to where my family lives. You know. It's just a two or three hour drive. And I thought he's coming. And I was I saw my mom. Before prejudging and she told me like, yeah. It's not here. And I was standing on that stage. Like winning this. But in myself. I wasn't happy at all. Like I just did it for that reason. You know. And yeah, that was. I think at the other side that drive me my whole life. And was a big motivation. Also, it was a hard motivation for me. But that was really the thing why I'm here today. Yes. Because my time growing up was pretty hard. You know. When you were bodybuilding. Was it accepted by either parent ever with bodybuilding? My mom is. My mom is the best. You know, she really helped me a lot. And she really pushed me. And she felt so she was going through postball. All my life. And she was also face-to-face when I got my first bodybuilding Governance from bodybuilding. said to her okay now stop working you can relax and relax now you can retire of everything and I take care and that felt that was like the biggest achievement in my whole career I would say not those not those Olympias was that that point. When she supported you and now you're supposed to be a her and that's super cool because I always thought I never gonna make money out of this I knew it I knew it inside somewhere deep inside myself and I'm gonna make money out of it and I gonna retire her and make the best life for her and my family but yeah how hard is it in bodybuilding it's very to make money you know very hard you follow your passion first yeah and then the money will come yeah right after 13 years yeah well I mean there's people who've done it a lot longer than that it took longer yeah and some people it doesn't ever become directly able to get money from competitions but they become trainers or they become business owners that are still passionate about the industry but I just feel like did it feel you though did it feel you about your father yeah that you used that you wanted to say that was my fuel for everything yeah to really work hard as hard as I can and I always worked work worked I thought like yeah that's enough to make making proud and it was not so I'm still continuing since that on yeah that's crazy he just didn't like bodybuilding or was he just no general he I don't know what it is honestly he loved it or he was a weightlifter he wasn't a Polish national team so I thought it's gonna be a cool thing but I don't know like when you when you grow up everything like I thought talk about it it's also like is it's the Polish part of you and the German part it's very similar to the Germans well now that's the point what I wanted to say so to interrupt yeah they you get raised differently and also I mean he's he's born and 95 so during that time during the 60s and 70s you're gonna get raised completely different right compared to now you know cam has a completely different life growing up 85 how old your father 66 he's 66 yeah okay so I mean compared to you yeah so that was that is maybe one point but but but I know the Germans don't like to share their feelings from when I hear right is the Polish community the same yeah not show it's like they're strong people that don't want to show emotions and as much yeah I think it's different for every family but in my mind my mother is really emotional emotional women and she's also when you look at me most of the time I'm happy yeah and I'm smiling yes that's what everybody tells me in the US like first year I was the Sunny boy me La Salle Jeff told me it is like yeah he's he's always in a good mood yeah which I really am and my mom is the same yeah but at the other side sometimes at home I'm really introverted and I'm really quiet and don't show feelings also in my relationship which is really hard I tell you that and I think this part I have from from the other side you know and my father's on yeah right and I'm really trying to work on it but it's yeah what was the last time you talked about yeah we could go I was there okay I can tell you later why and everything yeah that's not the thing I want to talk about the public but yeah but it just seems like we just talked normal yeah I mean I think a lot of people can relate when you call your mom I can talk like 45 minutes with her and she's not stopping you know and I when I call my dad it's like two minutes three minutes right and it's more like there's more distance in it and it's not so so close and so filled with emotions yeah that's hard especially when you expire it's fired to be the number one bodybuilder in the world and you've been you know top three several times and you make such a good living being able to do this is such a young age and you know you're one of the top guys it's you're always looking for acceptance yeah right but what you can do or you just can accept it and that's it probably you never got to be at the Olympia you know and that's that's sad but that's a thing I need to learn and then you need to accept and also forgive you know forgive in things that's a thing I want to make different that's why I always ask you about your son yeah you realize that how often yes because it's for me it's super important that you have the great relationship and to bring him here and to like you go you do a lot of the stuff with him that's amazing that's the same thing I want to do with my kids but I never was on an event with my dad you know so when you grew up you didn't spend any time with him no we didn't had like we went on vacation once a year that was pretty cool but I decided that I was my mom was with me somewhere on the events or something yeah I think a lot of it now is trying to spend like we take Cameron to all the major shows right like you're not going to go with me to the Arnold Clack because of the fact that he has school but we make sure that even if he has to come to the he comes to every Olympia ever since he was in yeah no the bell yeah so you know and also beside that I mean beside bodybuilding I mean the business you are in also beside that you're doing a lot of stuff with him you told me about which was not on social media yeah and that's super cool so that's how I want to be in the future you know if I gonna have family yeah I would love to have family better way yeah yeah well and I think that's one of those things that you will have it's just a matter of time but yesterday we bumped up my sperm count we're on day increasing that every every athlete which woke woke the fan yeah the last last couple that's couple right you know how do you how do you got three kids now yeah so we made fun of this the last days yeah you're gonna proceed my fun listen it's the honey special it's the FSD 7 it's like getting up the sperm count bro that's awesome you know it's that it's that Texas barbecue bro yeah it's that Texas barbecue but it's really you know thank you for sharing it because I think there's a lot of people that are gonna relate to it yeah I never talked about it to be honest because I don't want to show like a week site you know especially that's also the same thing as the Arnold's two years ago when I was at the hospital three days before the Arnold's two days before the Arnold's because of the food poisoning I don't talk about it and I went on that stage got my second place and then a day after I talked or I told the people about it because before when you do it before it's like I try to find a reason why you don't want or something or why you maybe look bad and I don't I don't want to have that you know yeah but I now when my following getting up and up the last months and years I think it's super important to talk about stuff like this as well yeah and maybe you don't want to but you need to because there are so many people and young boys and girls are there which maybe have the same problems and I want to stay there for them and say like hey you still can get to the top with yeah not the best time growing up and a pretty pretty hard time back then you know I think the adversity is a double-edge sword um adversity helps grow and allows you to pour the gasoline on the fire but it also you have to heal that and how you heal that whether you go to therapy whether you work your way through it is very important and I think that the listener should take one big take away from this and that is the same type of fuel that can really ignite your career and your ability to grow within sports within your positions and your jobs all the things that you're trying to achieve all these great goals and accomplishments can also they've also burned you somehow too right yeah but you have to try to heal those burns and I feel that many of you don't understand that there's a good and a bad side to all of it and you have to be able to let your body and your mind heal because they work together and if you don't and you suppress it you know some people you know take to drugs some people like alcohol some people are just uh the abusive you know and when you know in a lot of different ways I know that uh everybody I've gone through it myself you know dealing with all the situations I grew up with and you know I've talked about it you know growing up and I feel that when you go through that and you have the adversity again it can make you really really strong but you can also bring in walls around you that you're not gonna want to allow people in yeah and that's something where I feel like talking about this and putting it out there for people to understand that everything is a highlight real on social media yes you want to only show the best you don't be able to share these parts yeah life is not only a highlight of social media it's up and down and it's yeah now you're you're resume the pretty good I mean you yeah fuck man yeah but you know again on a more you know fun no um on a classic this weekend yeah on a classic this weekend tell me what your predictions are I mean because I don't know exactly when this podcast is gonna go live but in general I know that you got Mike in there who just six second yeah at the Olympia then you have Wesley who was the reigning champion from last year who didn't peak at what he wanted to peak you know per what he was explained to me on this podcast but where do you see the top five for classic physique honestly the whole lineup is super good I mean of course Ramon and I you don't know yeah we we're set that out this year but uh I think it's you never know I mean especially for classic the peak is so important when you don't peak right we saw it in Ramon all with Wesley this last Olympia um you lose some spots and I mean with that being said and knowing how Wesley is looking right now because we have the same coach yeah um he can be dangerous although I did a video about my predictions I had Mike in first okay just yeah because he's a bit more complete but and obviously he was pretty big yeah yeah but Wesley wasn't as good as at the Arnold's right and always he has always problems with nailing it on the Olympia and with in on the Arnold's it's he's he's looking pretty good every time so we never know but I gonna say Mike won two Wesley three it's uh Michael the Bull and four is uh I think the training part of the reigning the reigning Grego yeah I think Grego definitely I had him in top five for sure and I think he's battling I think I had him in top three but I think he's he's battling it out yeah it depends yeah he looks I mean yeah his structure is not as good as like Mike's or something but uh he can really barely doubt with uh what did I say for Michael Michael the Bull yeah they are not the same but they're kind of like can can bedle it out I think okay and Logan Franklin also to that's right yeah yeah that's right I forgot I'm so Logan's doing it but hey honestly everything can happen yeah that's class yeah because it's so close that's class yeah so I don't have a C-bumb there so uh we've all seen them everything can happen you know yeah that's just insane how do you feel about that how do you feel about now going into the Olympia because you're taking the time off yeah and I know it was really hard for you and and for those of you as you see it caught up that was a lot of conversation about about the situation with the Arnold because you've done the Arnold last several years and you were like feeling very guilty that you weren't doing the show but you were trying to also rest your body you were getting blood work back you were trying to work work on that you were going to work on some weaknesses yeah I know when you when I talked in in India and I said to you and I said like I feel like your body because you asked me like you're like what what do you think and I said I think you need to rest your body I think you need to rest your body and you think you need to do a lot of more active therapy yeah work on your poses that's what's it told me yeah work on your poses work on opening up because you are so trapped dominant yeah right and when you're so trapped dominant it narrows you up so it brings almost a the ability for your body to actually look more narrow the bigger and tighter your traps longer so what you need to do is you need to relax the traps and then allow your lats to grow and then be able to really get maximum width and just from then till now I see a difference what have you been doing I worked on it pretty hard to be honest one I started with like daily stretching again and getting my mobility in by myself and with that together I worked with two different therapists okay I mean osteopathy one side get my inner things going I'm really good like fascia and the organs and everything which is also this is the first time you've done this yeah yeah like on a regular basis and consistent consistency as we know is the key for everything yes and then like normal therapy where you really beat the shit out of me right so deep tissue you stretching yes and active stretching yes active stretching and my on my chest area and front delts and everything which is pretty overpowered on my physique is really like open it up and with that also my back improved or not because then my posture was right yes everything I like yesterday talked about it everything I do all that right now especially at chest support the T-boards it's squeezing all the muscles together so you can't feel the difference yes I get way more out of it and that's uh yeah it's super important and I'm gonna keep you continuing if that also with the regular therapy I talked with Jay about it three years ago or something and he was like yeah you need therapy like twice a week and like bro I can't afford it now and now I can't afford it and I'm gonna stay on it yeah we did a lot of therapy you know nine yeah he told me about it oh he did yeah yeah he was just I mean we were doing so much he was working with several different therapists he was going in several times a week it was just just as important as the workouts to be able to bring back all the detail and the mobility and being able to I mean just even foam rolling and being able to hand it on a pexie glass foam roller because the regular foam roller was just collapsing and collapsing and giving away and so the pain of a regular foam roller is so much but when you're using a pexie glass one and breaking up all the adhesions and you're really trying to get deep in there you know you're putting a 280 pound body on top of that it hurts yeah but it helps it does I'd write always to put it on my lads before the workout roll over it and then you feel way more pump and you're way better range of motion if you exercise so that's that's pretty good but yeah when you start out it's nothing what is necessary because first when you have the muscle mass and like 250 to 60 pounds of muscle on your frame then you see okay you need to really work on this when you wear like 160 to 180 pounds you don't really have mobility issues right we wear 270 but definitely 100% yeah well and like I said going into the Olympian now this year because that's going to be your next show and now you don't have to go against Chris because Chris is done so sadly you know I love to compete with him I know that's what you were telling him pretty good friends and what a time it was just a great battle you know doing that with him and to seeing also your own body because he was like the stand out and you wanted to push it you wanted to push it every year and now there's nobody really to you need to like push or because nobody of us I would say not five or top 10 has the physique to be a year a champ for many years you know we all need to build even more and yeah it's going to be a fun time next year is in classic you're talking about dominance like that yeah Chris dominance is yet to be not not there yeah I mean I need a few years yeah but when I saw you a pro in Chris was doing the open you were even saying God I kind of wanted to do this show I wanted to do it in open right I wanted to do it because yeah of course I knew a bit earlier than the public that Chris is doing a pro actual and I said to my coach hey it's the fan I want to do it I want to get on that stage one last time with him and he said like that was pretty wise because he said like you want to go with Chris on the stage the last time all you want to close that chapter focus and win the Olympia and around that time you know with the hard prep before and this mentally issues it was yeah it was just necessary to take some time off I mean I would love to do it but it was just four weeks but four weeks I'm a prep yeah just makes you unhealthy and it's it's not worth and worth it especially because you already had a hard prep you didn't even enjoy it until two weeks before the show yeah that's crazy normally nobody goes that long before they get really on their rhythm yeah it's usually maybe like four weeks in or halfway in at the very least halfway in and they start firing on all these one years yeah fully and normally for me yeah several weeks into it max you know just kind of catching your stride but to go all the way up until two weeks before the show that's probably another main decision of you not doing it I think it would have been actually really cool for you to be in that show actually because I know how good you look I just saw you just posed for me and we were working on some posing stuff and you're 270 pounds and you being on stage at 245 you know versus 230 right or 240 245 anywhere in that space right I mean you have a very good frame in terms of being able to hold a lot of size and then you suck down to 230 to make weight at your height and then when you look at it because you're about 511 and a quarter right yeah you're just over 511 to be here the 230 mark it would have been very very interesting to see and but again I know your coach also had Martin and he also had Sean so he had his hands full as well but you just mentally not being there up until two weeks out that's a concern that would have been concern for any coach to say also no it was the right decision now I had like big time recovering from from like all the previous years because I always did like our routes and Olympia and some shows in between and it was it's over it was a great time to do that but now it's really time to focus and to dial in for the big show the Olympia so let me ask you about this I gotta ask you because you were there Prague what do you think wow I mean Prague was amazing that was yeah it was like the craziest bodybuilding event I saw personally that it was was insane and people were going nuts have you ever seen anything like that you know I'm proud because I know like 50 60% of the whole venue was German and I loved it and beside that we showed what Europe can do bring the Olympia to Europe and you gotta see that again triple as big as that but no just kidding I mean Prague Peter did a great job with his team and they set up a great show it was last minute thing see if I'm said like okay I'm in and then the line up just got so strong and who do you have when he grow you need to give it to Martin you know because bodybuilding like Steve told us all is masculinity yeah I mean you need to have muscles for open bodybuilding and of course Chris had the better aesthetic or more aesthetics in a better line but Martin had more muscles and his line wasn't that bad you know yet a great experience well I sometimes think would win when like another open guy would be there with like a shitty you know shitty line yeah that maybe it would be different but with a Martin fits water you have also everything combined you have the muscleness he looks good you know the beautiful physique maybe Chris is a bit better in but he's also super shredded Martin wasn't so sure at the pre-judging yeah I think we saw that but at the finals he really got his things together at the next day but yeah Chris did a awesome job I mean that's also a thing I want to do before I end my classic career I want to jump on the open stage once that's be awesome just to see how it looks and everything but yeah I'm a guy I want to do I want to do step by step you know because I get it especially when I'm looking like right now with 270 everybody's asking you you get straighted glutes and straighted legs and everything when you're going to switch to the open and I don't have like a plan for 10 years I want to wind a limpia in classic and then see what I'm going to do from there you know right around the corner man yeah that's it that's it that's awesome man well thank you I know that you gotta get some meals in because you got a leg day yeah yeah that's right right 12 o'clock already yeah so getting some meals and do legs but I really appreciate it there's a lot of different things that you never shared before yeah any kind of a platform and I'm really I know how different it's true of us yeah it is and I made this platform in a safe manner to be able to share these things because I want to be able to allow people to really connect because everything that they see about you guys is amazing but I think that they need to see behind the curtain a little bit that that's not what got you there yeah but you always have prayed from the reaction you know you don't know what's sure how it's gonna come back so but I can't live with without like telling stuff like this as well you know so moreally I did the right thing when the people gonna kick my ass now it's okay but I don't think so I think we're gonna actually appreciate your openness because like I said yeah it's hard to talk about it but we did it and no we can't reverse it so it's let it how it is yes oh yeah again thank you so much we're getting ready to leave tomorrow for the Arnold Classic again depending on when this comes out how quickly this thing is gonna come out we're gonna be able to try to get the next video up as well on the leg workout we were able to do some arms and definitely follow or if you're not already following him who put those link below thank you guys who too page and I appreciate all of the truth man I really do and I'm seeing your journey and I know you have a long way to go because you have many more years ahead of you but it's been amazing to see how well you've done and it's not just getting to where you're at but how you get there and you're doing a top notch job though thank you yeah honey ram bod irrs milka bear and that's the truth

=== FILE: WESLEY VISSERS 6 WEEKS OUT ARNOLD CLASSIC EP. 122 [EKurgJUldQg].txt ===

Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and I have a special guest for me today. We have none other than Wesley Vissers. How are you, brother? Yeah, thank you very much for having me and doing very well. I'm very excited, of course, for the Arnold coming up. So that's really my focus at the moments. But I really happy to be speaking to you for the first time, actually. Yeah, yeah, we, you know, we see each other kind of in passing backstage or you're pumping up and, you know, I was with Chris and you're getting ready. And I see, you know, the determination and focus in your eyes, especially at the Olympia, because again, you really popped off. I mean, you've kind of been around for a little while. If you can tell a little bit of my followers a little bit about your origin story is, that would be great. Like, where were you, where did you turn pro? And right now, are Europe and Northern Europe, right? Yeah. So I'm from in Netherlands. I'm also called the Dutch Oaks. So that's kind of where I think it comes from. So I started bodybuilding, a competitive bodybuilding in 2013, like in the Netherlands as a local bodybuilder basically, the junior and that's for a few years. But there was no classic at all back then, of course. So I went from being a junior to actually a super headweight in a Netherlands. And in 2017, I won everything I could here locally, because yeah, I won the biggest show in Netherlands as a super headweight. So it's also quite nice to still have that as a background, not just be a classic guy, but also having being a bodybuilder before. But then for the first time ever, classic physique came to Europe. Because I think it was already around 2016 in the USA when it was announced. But it took a while before the got to Europe. And it went to the London, actually, the Royal London Pro in 2018. So I'm also very proud to say that the very first classic physique show ever in Europe. That's the one that I won my pro card at. And I was 24 at the time. So I was still very young. Yeah, I still, like then I thought I knew a lot, but you know, compared to now, I realized I had a lot to learn. But I did then do my pro debut in Chicago a few months later. And I won that one as well, which we honestly did not expect either my coaches like what just happened like, like you turn pro and you win your pro show. And then you're qualified for the Olympia. And that's what you meet. The Breonnaentially, Chris Boundstadt, Arrasrobar, all the top guys back then. And then I realized, okay, it's one thing to turn pro and win your pro debut. But it's another thing to be one of the top guys at the Olympia. That's a whole different ball game. So that's when I realized, okay, this is not something as easy as it as I thought it was. Because I won everything in the Netherlands, won a pro card, won a class physique, but then Michelin Pia came and I was shared 14th place. And that's when realization came also from my followers that maybe I was being overhyped before. And that's kind of where I took on the underdog role pretty much since that 2018 Mr. Olympia. And since then I've been doing quite well in regular shows like in Portugal or in Spain or in France, in countries like this. But usually at Olympia, I would place like 11th and then finally I broke top 10. And then I was eighth and I was seventh. And then the year after which was last year, I won the R classic Ohio first and then the UK F that which was a dream come true for me. Being awarded the prize by my idol Arnold Schwarzenegger, which is just amazing. But that did give me the belief in myself. That's finally all the doubt I might have had in the back of my mind somewhere. It's always there when you never really achieve what you want to Olympia. When you win the Arnold, it kind of lets a fire on you that if you think it really possible now. And that's the mindset I had going into last year's Olympia. The connectivity too, right? The way I look at it is there's a huge connectivity with the classic guys in Arnold. Because again, that's where you're trying to achieve that look, is the definition of classic. And again, and also in a lot of ways definition of bodybuilding, but especially classic. And I feel that you Chris, earth, everyone is really kind of uses that as kind of the role model. Is that a good on a statement? Yeah, I think so. If I can speak for myself, I'm that's really what I'm trying to be. I happen to also have exactly Arnold's height even a little bit taller. And I was already being called, like without me saying it, I was already being compared to Arnold by others before I even knew anything about professional bodybuilding at all. So it kind of I grew up with the idea that Arnold was the one I should be looking up to, but I automatically did because I watched popping iron. I thought this kind of physique, that is what I want. And that's automatically how I started to train how I envisioned like the training itself with the mind most of connection, the way Arnold talks about it. I could really identify myself with that and also the posing. I used to be a terrible poser, like a really like a robot basically. I sucked at it. But I played Arnold's 1980, Poison routine so many times on YouTube in slow motion. And I have still have the recording this of me playing that video, trying to emulate his poses, his classic pose, until I got them right. How did you let transitions? How did he go from the front of a bias app to the three-quarter back to a bias app? How does that happen? I had no instinct idea about that until I watched this video over and over and over again. And that is really the power of practice. And now, the comparison has been made, I've won his show. And yeah, for me he is the ultimate classic body voter that represents what the classic stands for. Absolutely. I think that when you won last year the Arnold, that's when it was like, okay, now you've like you said, filled a bit of that potential, because potential is always what you make it. And you always have the idea and understanding that you want to be the best bodybuilder on the planet. But besides the being the winner of the Mr. Limpia winning the Arnold Classic is a great affirmation. It's like, wow, this is something that's going to allow me to basically kind of spread my wings and say it's a great leapfrog going into the Olympia. And for me, the whole situation with what happened last year, it was like a great snowball effect. You won the Arnold, you won the UK, and then you were going into it. And I think when we brought up the whole thought process in the last podcast, when I mentioned, hey, look, if anybody knows Wesley, let's definitely bring them on here because we were talking about pressure, right? And you have athletes that had a deal with this. I was talking, I think, in context to like deregulence for when we were going through all of this preps. It was like one after another, the first prep, we did together. He won the 212. The second prep we did together, he took second in the open. The third prep we ever did together, he wins the Misturail, and then it was like, okay, now you have to try to establish some kind of dominance because now that you're at the top, you have nowhere to go but down. So you're trying to create a different version of yourself, Aulah, Ronnie Coleman, Aulah, Phil Heath, all of these top bodybuilders in the world, even Chris, when you won the Arnold, the pressure, how was it in your eyes? I know that you really enjoyed the the affirmation of winning, but how did that balance out with the amount of pressure that you had to go into now that you were kind of a front runner for the Aulimpia? Yeah, so there's, I thought about it. When I watched that episode that you mentioned the pressure, I thought about what really, what did it mean for me personally? What does the pressure define, how did it define itself in my life, and there's two kinds of pressure for me. So the maybe surprising kind is the Aulah Classic, the competition, and everything that got out of the competition in terms of the prestige, but also let's be honest, the financial gain. It literally changed my family's life. Like I've two children, either fiance, we have our own gym. It changed our lives so much that she can spend so much more time with the children now, she can hire people to give classes at the gym. There's a lot of more free time. We can spend with the family and I can then in turn spend more time being the best version of why it can be as a bodybuilder. So I knew that it was very important to uphold this performance to keep this lifestyle going that we have now established again. So it wasn't just pressure or I want to be the best because otherwise people are going to think I suck or something, but it's more like, okay, now I went to another step in my life, and I don't want to go back now. I really want this for my family. So it's kind of more I need to win this to establish this this gain for my children and the rest of my family because I'm not really somebody with materialistic, but I really like to leave a legacy for people around me. And that's the kind of pressure I fell as well, but then on the other hand also, when you win, you are the best at that moment in that show, which means you don't have clear direction where to go because now I that I lost at the Olympia and I got some feedback from the head judge Steve Weinberg. He said, I needed to be fuller. That gave me now direction to go somewhere I need to focus on, but when you win something, it's like, okay, I just need to do this again. But that's not as easy as focusing on okay. I need to either be more conditioned, I need to either be more full, so you can have a focus, which takes away the pressure because now you have something to focus on, but there's actually a lot more pressure if you have to repeat something the same way as the previous time because you have repreposed different. You can't. So it's difficult to know what the focus on actually. And I think I I over did it at the Olympia by trying to be too, too peeled and too full at the same time, I wanted it all because I didn't have one singular focus on what to do. So I yeah, I didn't realize it at the time that I got the eighth place, but after hearing the feedback that I wasn't, I didn't have the pop, the freshness, the fullness that I had at the Arnold, and I watched back at footage, it was like yes, he's just right. I have to be transparent against to myself as well about what really happened and that's how the pressure got to me personally. So it has not so much to do with the opinions of people, because I'm very stoic in that sense. I don't really, I think even think it's funny when people make fun of my leg and stuff like that, like about weak body parts. I mean, that's always going to happen. I don't that doesn't affect me, but it's more like it just sucks that when you don't win a show, it takes so much away that you could have had in your life. And that's that to me is the pressure part, emotionally from me as well. Yeah, that's self pressure. I think it happens even more so when you're married and have kids, because all you're doing this for at this point is when you have kids, you're living for your kids and you're living to try to give them a betterment of their life. And I think that you're trying to give your wife more financial freedom so that they don't have to work and they can spend more time with the kids. So therefore you need to be able to become a better bread winner so that you can be able to and it puts more weight on your shoulders. But ultimately it's for the betterment of your family because of the fact that when you're by yourself, you don't, I feel like have as much pressure then you do when you have that family because it's a constant reminder when you see them. You see their smiling face, you see them walking through the door and you come in from a hard workout. It's really hard to be angry and bitter and everything else that you normally were when you didn't have them, you know? And it's something that is something to be said. But with the gym, your gym, what's the name of your gym? What's the name of your gym? What's the vintage gym? Vintage gym and that's in wood city? Invest in an Netherlands. In the Netherlands and the best. And so, did you feel like since you won, there was more people coming in and visiting you and you got just much more kind of the marketing just kind of jumped up? Yeah for sure because I purposely don't market the gym as such because I still need to be able to train myself in a normal way. But there's a lot more people who purchase like these day passes. They come all over the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, like even Poland, like a travel far to just go to the gym and they usually does my girlfriends or my fiance's cell phone is connected to the gym not mine. So she gets all messages and almost all of them ask is whether they're too kind of take a picture with him, will he be there? But that's not really the goal here. It's nice that more people are going to train at the gym but it shouldn't be affecting my prep for example or what I do at the gym itself. But yeah, we do this a lot more traffic there and it also is nice to know that even after body building the gym will always be there also to provide for us and even if our children when they can over they can but it's going quite well and a lot better so there's the Arnold for sure. Oh that's great. That's great and that's those are the things that I really want to be able to kind of highlight that these are these key opportune moments that we can turn around and be able to kind of work together on and say look when you win it's amazing you win the Arnold which is the second largest body building show in the world after the mystery Olympia but right now you just even as you building up there's so much periphery that helps you kind of elevate you in all of your status and your sponsors and everything else that you work with and that's where I think a lot of that self pressure comes in and trying to balance it out and saying okay again you know your your sponsors you're trying to make them happy you're trying to keep your family happy but when you win in and you're trying to work that out with your head and you're trying do you feel like it was basically kind of like which is saying it's chasing perfection you're trying to be so ripped and so full and and all of these is that basically kind of what ended up happening because you were just trying to key in on every aspect yeah exactly because I know that nobody is perfect like even miserable in itself there's always things that people can improve so I was like okay I know what my strong points are and what the points of improvements are but I'm going to try to make my strong points so good that they overpower anything because competitors might have but it kind of backfired in the end because why am I thinking was the more conditioned I could be the better it's going to be but for my physique being so tall as I am I need that 3D effect I need that fullness especially with my kind of aesthetics I don't rely unlike this bubbly muscles I rely more on those and the density also but it ends to be full without that if I don't have the fullness the conditioning disappears at the same time and so that's why it didn't work in either scenario even though if I look at like my checking picture for the coach they all looked great leading up to the show and somewhere along the line it just went too far and then yeah on the day of the show you still things okay I'm just going to you know you still in the back of your mind you're like I'm the armed winner so they have no choice but to put me in a top 5 otherwise people will complain and I don't look bad so there's no way but all eventually at the end of the day as the judge is always saying we just judge what in front of us at that moment right without any past thoughts about what they have achieved in the past so that's really what happened on that day because yeah number 8 is not where what I came for I really thought to have 5 would be the bare minimum if I'm very honest and then because of top 5 you're allowed to do your potion routine in the finals as a cleansing physique because I'll try to top 5 you don't get to do the finals really yeah so that really was my goal and the but that was the minimum goal like my real real list of going my mind must be at least in a final call out with Chris and maybe someone else like Ramon for example and have us barely let out but obviously that didn't happen and yeah I have to always learn from those mistakes and I usually need one day as for such a show to kind of absorb that disappointment and to also turn it back around it okay what did we learn here how can we improve and how can we be better next time and that's where a lot of people who are in my corner help me a lot as well at my coach and also my fiance always goes with me and even the the people who are around me who film everything they also are friends at the same time yeah so we are a really close team who a back each other and that's really important for me because as you mentioned before like if you're alone I think even for example if I was alone and I would have won the Arnold I wouldn't have found it so amazing because I've no one to celebrate it with it's like and the same thing happens when you lose it sucks even more when you're alone because you have no one to talk to about it or to say or to tell you to get you out of that slum basically and I'm really lucky that I do have those people around me yeah and and it's one of those things where you kind of win and you lose together right it's you have that ability to have they don't understand a lot of people don't understand that it does take an entire village it's a team and everybody works together nobody does this alone and anybody who does it might happen for a very short period of time and it's going to be fleeting and you're not going to be able to really like you said appreciate it because you want to be able to pass that joy to the people that helped you as well and supported you throughout the whole journey but when you went into this prep did you I know the biggest criticism that I believe that you've had is your legs right it's because also because of how tall are you are because you're six foot about three is that about you're about six three yeah yeah yeah and and obviously you have a very big frame to fill what have you done different to be able to be able to fill in your legs because I have noticed that there are improving for sure and what have you done different and through the entire years or even between up until the improvement that you had the Arnold to be able to create more fullness more size did you change up anything in your training was it was it a calorie thing what can you just share with the listeners what the solution was for that lagging body part even at the highest level you guys are constantly working on that but I'd love to for you to be able to share that yes there's multiple factors of course number one is going to be detraining because then it will influence no that the way your muscles grow whether they grow or not and back in the day it used to be happy with 90 degree rate of motion and elect press on the squat on motion movements whereas I thought the weight was more important I did that for many years but for the upper body it worked decently but for the legs it didn't because the range of motion and flexibility mobility there is not worse than my upper body like my ankle flexibility is really bad so if I want to go all the way down in the squat I literally can't without bending over so exercise selection started to become really important so I moved for example to a belt squat certain hex quads and leg presses and maximise the range of motion most specifically the stretch on the muscle to really finally also with the my most connection feel that stretch where I wanted like actually feel it in a quiet like in a deep place where I normally would not feel it there's for example I could squat what I would wait but I would feel it all over my body it would just be kind of like a cardio movement like 10 reps with 200 kilos I like 500 pounds or something like I felt it everywhere like it was a very mental challenge to do it but it wasn't really a focus the leg movement whereas when I trained it chest or the arms or the stronger body part it is so easy to get into those muscles and to isolate them and to fatigue only those muscles and not the rest but for the legs it's always been a challenge so I moved to full range of motion light in the load so I can actually go for range of motion with a normal weight with a good rep range and the exercise selection there and also moving around the movements such as starting with the hamstrings and now also the glutes to make sure the the smallest part of my leg is being targeted first and then the strongest part which are still the quads last and then also has to do with the type of prep you go into since I've been with my coach in 2022 I ate half of the calories that I ate for the 2024 Arnold so we were able to improve my metabolism quite a lot when I coach myself for a while and I thought it was never good enough I always had to be more and more and more shredded so I need very little food which oddly your weakest body part goes first and that's the legs then and with my coach eating more carbs staying fresh air staying fuller being able to train harder kept more volume in the legs and then lastly the extreme cardio I used to do well extreme it's relative of course but it was 90 minutes a day only on the resistance bike that you should do before which again is not really conducive for leg size retention and now I moved way more to doing steps so more general movement and 30 minutes on the bike for example and still keeping my dilution of weight per week so I keeping a lot more attention to staying fresh keeping the leg fresh and making sure that I don't eat too little food to retain the size of the legs basically and then make sure I keep the volume in the training high enough for the legs and the weight and the rate of motion to keep them aware keep the muscle here we're still training here so we still need this muscle and yeah that's a short way of me saying how I change basically my way of training and keeping the mass on the legs so you really focus on recovery and being able to try to really come back to every workout with fresher fuller legs yeah exactly because I also log every workout that I do so all the sets and the reps and whenever I notice that my legs would get weaker I would either just drop the volume I drop the last working set on a certain movement or you know talked about about it with my coach maybe didn't extra res day maybe a refee day maybe my sleep needs to be better really depends on different factors but the one thing I didn't want to become is a weaker because weaker than correlates to losing muscle ultimately yep so you want to keep the strength nice and high so you want that's how you can gauge the freshness in those legs and since I've been doing that they are doing way better in keeping their size all the way until showday yeah it makes a big difference and it's always so a balancing act because you're gonna naturally always lose a little bit towards the last two weeks when you start to do that you know the last completion but it's always balancing and it's also with your body too everybody has a slightly different body and you got to figure out what you need and that's why when everybody asks hey what should I do it's a very generalized statement you know you're you got to do what's best for you at that given moment because if you do the same thing as you did for the Arnold as you do the Olympia does it mean you're going to have the same result because your body's chemistry the biology is completely different metabolism different everything is completely different so you need to adjust to what your body's doing or not doing and therefore to try to be able to kind of like land it on it like a aircraft carriers I call it like you're trying to just land it just perfectly you know and that that let's say so are you saying when you're doing the Olympia prep do you feel that it kind of went sideways during the week of the prep or do you feel like it kind of there was it was a process several weeks out with just some things that went sideways yeah I think I pretty much was already in condition stage condition shape a few weeks out and I think that's right when wrong keeping that shape for so long it just it's hard to it's very difficult yeah it really slowly because you don't know the day to day but when you look back in the weeks you see that size difference for sure but because it happens so slowly and you don't want to acknowledge that it might be happening you start losing that volume and it's just so hard to keep it when you're in such a low body fat and and kind of a high fatigue state and of course at the end of prep sleep isn't what it's what it's been right and you know having to children is always going to be a little more challenging than not having them because the nights are always unpredictable because they're two and four years old so they wake up you know every other day every other night for example so you you there's rarely a night that I have a full night of sleep and the all season it doesn't bother me as much but you know that as few weeks of prep it and especially if you're then already so lean it's going to it's going to rack up in fatigue and you can't really recover and then you know come peak week we ate the most amount of carbs ever for peak week and I still what kind of carbs rate you're still like a thousand eight hundred because you're such a big guy it was a 1100 a day a day two day straight yeah and then how much did you weigh in at versus your cap Wesley like when you know like what do you weigh it in were you below your cap or just added or how far away are you from your cap so I was wearing a joggers and it t-shirt and was right at my cap at the Olympia so exactly but I did have breakfast so I wasn't fasted so I still have some room to go a little barnold I even yeah at the Arnold I even was below the cap like two pounds with having drank water breakfast clothes on so there's still definitely still room to go so yeah so there's always it's that's not really a concern of mine to get below the cap but every time it's funny because in 2018 it was more difficult for me to reach that cap than it is now because it's the conditionally game it improved so much that's really to be leaner and leaner and leaner every single year that you yeah even though you gain muscle you still weigh less than that they've just showed that like years ago yes yeah and that's like you said as you've gotten leaner and I've seen some you know your pictures and and I've seen how you you've kind of improved through the last five six seven years and you just keep getting harder but you're still putting on that lean muscle mass and people always say oh I'll carb up and all gain six pounds no because by the time you're cutting your water you're also you know a lot of times still drop weight just depending on how fast and metabolism is you don't gain six pounds during a carbup but it's one of those things where as you have a little bit more room you know you touched on the fact that you're just about maybe four pounds above and I guess for your class you're about what is it 252 for you because I know Chris was 242 what was your weight cap what's your weight cap? 249 249 is your weight cap okay so you're a couple of pounds away but with that being bigger and having such a big frame has it ever been a thought for you to do open is that what is your thought process about doing that because especially after seeing Chris doing Prague and and all of those things that had happened is there ever been a thought process because of the fact that you have such a big frame? Yeah there has been before but honestly that was after year after year I was 11th 11th at the Olympia like 14th I was like well I do win the local shows and like the medium-sized shows but I don't really win any of the big ones or place well so it was like maybe I should just go and try to put on a lot more size for the open and see how I do there but then the Arnold of course came around and winning the Arnold Classic for me is like you can't have a better proof that you're a classic physique guy you know so I still have I think a lot of achievements in within Classic physique before I can really take open seriously I won't rule it out completely that I might give it a shot at some point sooner or later but I will never give up Classic physique until I know for sure I've saturated everything I can within this weight cap basically that I have and I don't think I have that yet for definitely because we all know how much one two three pounds of muscle how much of a difference that can make on your physique especially when you are peak right and when you get a little leaner like it makes such a difference overall so I think I still have a lot of a room to grow and to improve with a mad aspect but it's not like I'm saying no to open because if I do open it's like when Chris did it he still looks like a classic body water but then just bigger yeah that's something that would always be interesting to me as well yeah especially when you start to get to that cap like Chris was at the cap right we just it was almost like that look was no longer getting attainable to to get his peak form at 242 and I knew that his peak form would probably be closer to 244 245 but it was just not going to be had properly and so when he was like 252 for Prague if you want to if you two it was a different look but it's still in my opinion like you said he still has the aesthetics of a classic guy but with some added size so I do feel like there was a there was a definitely you to max out where you're at weight wise that's when it becomes a bit more difficult to be able to still attain a really good look to lose Wesley so okay we just lost Wesley just for a few minutes due to the connection but we got him back he's using a different webcam and Wesley what I know you're going up against Mike and you're going up against some of these guys but you're the defending champ you're the what are we going to see in six weeks with your physique are what are you trying to bring are you trying to bring something similar to last year's Arnold or something new can you tell us a little bit about what to expect coming into this prep you know so that's an awesome interesting one because I remember also that Steve Weinberg said about the Olympia if I showed up as I did at the Arnold he literally said who no green would have placed kind of imply that I would have placed a lot higher than I did at the Olympia last year so you know you could say all I have to do is bring that same package which means the fullness, the freshness, the confidence which is what I intend to do but of course we're not sitting still with the training aspect either so that we'll be improved with the weight of the body which will be visible for sure especially in the posterior chain in the wearable bicep which is the lower body and that pose needed some work and we have to work on it we also tweak the pose in there so the presentation will be a lot better and the the fullness will be back for sure with the conditioning people know me for and I'm just super excited for the show so you can expect the same package but just a little better than last time awesome and now with the placings of the Olympia and you coming in with just as good if not a better package with the Arnold what is when I say like Mike Somerville right like what is that come to mind where do you see him in the grand scheme of things now that he's kind of now at second place at the Olympia incoming into the show going against the raining champ yourself how do you see him in terms of a threat he is definitely a big threat because he's now number two in the world and it's an interesting situation because now that Chris is not doing it he is hypothetically the best classic physique guy in the world at the moment which I'm gonna battle at the Olympia but it's kind of almost a deja vu because now again the number two in the world I have to face at the Arnold so you know if everything goes according to plan I can do the same thing as last time and then you know beat the number two in the world but the Chris not being there is still fair and very interesting factor to see will the judges know are they know open to different kinds of champions or what will they choose now because Chris has been so dominant for a long time has always been him against the rest basically so it's going to be a very interesting Arnold and I think Mike is going to be at this absolute best I hope he will be I really think the Arnold because it's an invitation only show everybody there is invited because of something special reason they're there for a special reason and we and there's not so many athletes so every single one of them is very good so I just want to bring an amazing show to the Arnold and I can't bring a high amount of confidence there now knowing that I'm the defending champion and so it's really my goal to win that's awesome and then outside of him I mean obviously it's a great lineup because you can't forget like you said it's kind of similar to the previous year where you had Ramon Dino who was a runner up at the Olympia that you ended up beating so now with Ramon what's your thought process where do you think he's at in the grand scheme of things for this Arnold comparing to yourself as well as the rest you talking about Mike no I'm talking about Ramon like where do you see Ramon in the in the mix yeah so yeah I think Ramon kind of like ors they both are not doing the Arnold so they really want to focus on being their absolute best but focus on one show a year now the Olympia okay and I think you know maybe some coaches or some people say well it's going to be difficult to make improvements when you're doing multiple shows a year so basically that's kind of what I'm experiencing like you're done with the Olympia you have a couple of months to kind of work on improving and they got to go back and to prep again so I definitely some of the safe for it but I do think especially Ramon now has something to prove you know don't he last the Arnold to me but he also lost the Olympia to Ours and he lost a placing because now is number four instead of that number two it was before so number four is a big jump down for him so he has a lot to prove but I think he's also that much more motivated as well to make sure he's not going to be joking around at all it's going to take it very seriously at least that's what I believe and there's also very excited to see where he ends up I think this Olympia also because of that reason because so many guys are gutting for the top spot it's going to be insane that's for sure so the other person that's not in the mix that you mentioned is Eurs and I got to see Eurs in India I got it we had a chance to do a training session together that was that was a blast because Eurs anybody who knows Eurs man he's he's a riot man you know he's always a good time man Eurs is always a good time and and we got to spend some time together get some good meals together and he is such a focused guy you know he is somebody who's so driven and you guys also share the same coach you know and all of that do you guys ever get a chance to train together at all or how how is that relationship it's funny because we have trained together it was actually before the Arnold a couple of weeks before the Arnold I oh I oh last year in Berlin and the gym that he trains at the bunker and we filmed two videos together there as well I think a chess work I didn't have back work out but I forgot a chess workout and this was not on film he was checking out his own physique and that's where I got to see it for the first time in real life that close to a show and I was really impressed by how he looked and but it's it's at the same moment funny because I was so impressed by how he looked back then and I still managed to be them at the Arnold so I never it's kind of difficult always for me to how how I view myself in comparison to others unless you're actually on stage next to each other because in pictures it's so different like even when I even when I look at somebody who's standing right in front of me I'm like oh they look incredible yeah then when someone takes a picture of us together the story changes yeah and that's that's what I'm gonna try and do at this Arnold with Mike the advantage that I have is my height over him yep and I had I had that with almost everybody but with Mike a little more because he's a bit shorter and remote for example so I have to use it to in my advantage at the Arnold classic you know being ocean by Arnold so is it I think it's I can make use of it but then everything has to be right I have to show that dominant physique for sure but yeah or just also a great great guy I think he's doing a right thing when not doing the Arnold even though it's an incredible show but for him he is now achieved his best place in every fuelimpia even though it was third again he did beat Ramon which is my it has been his enemy for a few years as well right so he's been improving steadily I wasn't impressed by what he looked like backstays at the fuelimpia I saw the improvements right away and knowing that he can do that he's still very young I think he can go very far so I think when him taking off this this year basically to really focus on improving fuelimpia I think it's going to be a big difference for him yeah I think so too and he has got so much muscle he got like muscle on top of muscle but it's also the way he presents I think he needs to be able to open up a little bit more and show more width I do feel like that bit more separation would go a long way with his physique but I think he's really cognizant of where about it and he's very studious and he's got a lot of self-awareness so he's working on all of those things right the presentation the muscle separation the detail all of these things to try to bring it to you guys come Olympia time but but I do feel the biggest talk I'm starting to see is the Mike Summerfield is very similar to a bodybuilder and it's a matter of what the judges are going to kind of geared towards right do you want more of a classic lines bodybuilder you have all of you Chris some that type of physique or do you like that a little bit more of that freaky thickness but again Franco Columbo maybe a little bit asking a little bit more or Arnold versus Franco type of thing because again the shoulder shoulder bodybuilder versus the more statue-esque bodybuilder and then how dialed in are they that day and who becomes the best bodybuilder when you look at the overall presentation and look at physique you know because it's it's something I think if I'm completely honest and of course I'm always going to be a little biased because I'm partially talking about myself as well but if you have a classic guy with good proportions and again no one is perfect so not not even Mike not even no one is perfect but let's say there's a classic guy a tall statue as a guy with good proportions is peaked perfectly and next to him is the bodybuilding guy who is shorter but it's our bit more freaky his more dense muscle but he's more of a bodybuilder physique I think in classic physique the classic guy should win I mean that's the differentiating factor between bodybuilding classic physique in my personal opinion because I of course analyze my own physique and sometimes you come across other people who analyze his might physique as well and then they do comparisons between me and Mike for this upcoming Arnold and then they pretty much say in the exact same as you they're like okay who is going to win the classic guy or the bodybuilding guy in classic physique I'm like you pretty much just set it yourself I mean if you're both are in your perfect own shape only then what the classic guy of course win but if Mike is perfectly peaked and I'm not I mean he's going to win because he's tend to better die on stage at that moment so but when everything is equal the guy who looks more classic is going to be the classic winner to me that's the logical step yeah yeah and I think all things being considered right conditioning separation fullness all of those things it is interesting for the judges to be able to pick that out because the judges are the same judges that judge open judge classic so that's what makes it a little bit more difficult and that's why situation like Prague where you have an open bodybuilder Martin versus Seabum and then you turn around to go well who's the better bodybuilder versus who's open and who's classic but who's the better body builder you know so that's why it comes back to that so you know and you watch the you watch the Prague and I'm going to look with this who'd you have winning the show? Honestly if I'm really honest I thought Chris could have taken that show if I'm honest like I love Martin he's also coach for my coach I love his physique but I there that there was something about Chris that was simply no flaw and he had a better confidence like he is he everything was perfect like the tan the shine the presentation like the I like at first glance I was like Chris done you know because Chris when a physique is really well together you can't immediately see when it's bigger than a previous version so I was like only looks pretty much the same until I started to compare him's is to see against his Olympia person was like wait a second there's there's a quite a big difference here so and then when he stood next to all the other bodybuilders and Chris being as big as he is in his static as he is and his top as he is I thought well I don't mind if they get in this victory because I don't really have an argument against it except Martin has a bit more mask here and there in the legs and some poses but overall I thought Chris could have won that show yeah yeah I agree I think that it comes down to like do you look at it as an open versus classic guy or are you looking at it who's the best overall bodybuilder and that's kind of how I look at it too and I think that's kind of what's about to happen with you and I think that with that so that's why I was kind of drawing that out even though you guys are both in the same class it's going to be more of a bodybuilder as physique versus more of a classic physique and who's on is really going to be the day of the show so we'll see you know so I wish you all the luck I know you're taking this call very extremely late it's about 11pm your time and I really appreciate it because I'm really looking forward to seeing the matchup at the Arnold Classic between you and all the top competitors I wish you all the best and I can't wait to see the show yeah thank you very much it is one of the say I really respect you as a coach and a person I've listened to you for many years so I learned a lot from you as well so it's really been a pleasure to talk to you now and perhaps in the future we can do a training session together or something it will be awesome I can always learn for someone like you so I would thank you very much I'll be very very best and let's give that people a great show absolutely thank you so much again guys you're reigning Arnold Classic Champion Wesley Visters six weeks out from the Arnold Classic Hany Rambad Wesley Visters and that's the truth

=== FILE: What Hunter Changed for this Prep, MR. OLYMPIA, & TEXAS PRO  EP. 113 [mgpDCY0tUTg].txt ===

Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I'm here with another, none other than, you know, did they ever give you a nickname? I don't have a nickname. I have survived my career thus far without earning a cheesy nickname. And I'm not disappointed about it. It's okay. You know what, some of them are cheesy, some of them are not. These have been some cool ones. Yeah, they're definitely been some cool ones. We know we some cool ones. Yes, so Hunter LaBrada, welcome to the show. Thank you. Glad to be here, man. Yes, again, man. I mean, this time, as we were talking about before we started, it was like your brain dead three days out from the show. I might have been two days. I think it was two days before the show. And I'm kind of, I'm kind of torn about it because I would love to see you compete here this year because last year, you know, you came in, look great. But this year, I know your plans were different. And that's one of the things that I want to really talk to you about. We're going to be watching the show together tomorrow. I'm going to be commentating and I'm sure you're not going to go back and forth about your thoughts, my thoughts, because I'm going to want you texting me, what you think too. While I'm watching. And it's funny because everybody who's watching always texts me, especially when I'm commentating, don't I think we're all, what do you think? What do you think? So in the middle of top three, top two. And I think that what makes it different is the fact that you're not in it. And again, a bit disappointed on that. But I know that you have a rhyme and reason for it. So what is the rhyme and reason for you not doing the text's pro tomorrow and doing the Italy show? Yeah. So absolutely. At the end of the day, it all comes down to timing. Last year, we were in prep for 35, 36 weeks. We found out my body does not like it. So that in conjunction with the fact that I want to do at least the main article that I like to do all three journals next year. So considering those two things, experience we had last year and the knowing what we want to do this next year. We wanted to keep the prep intentionally as short as possible. So if I was getting ready for Texas, I always take at least 16. We started at 18 this time. So if we were going to do that, Texas, the Olympia still another nine weeks. Nine weeks. Yeah, so it would have been another 27 week prep. The way that we have it set up now, being four weeks out on Sunday is it's a 20 week prep total. So sets me up for success next year. Set me up for success this year. Because at the end of the day, it's how we do it. You know, we're talking about those top tier guys. And we're going to go ahead up. We're going to go ahead up at the Olympia. Yeah. And that's how I like it. Well, especially because we trained yesterday. Right. We had a great session because you brought in a couple of your boys. And does guys know your main train ponchois? Yeah, absolutely. So Jordan, who's an eVogen athlete actually. He's been training with me for close to three years now. And then Roy, we actually competed in Texas last year together. And I knew he was local. We had some mutual friends. And backstage, like, dude, you had to come fucking let me show you how to train. Like, let's do this. And it's funny. He tells the story all the time. I thought I was fucking with him at the time. I was like, no, I'm serious. And then after the fact he came, he trained a couple times. Super nice guy. Super nice guy. I thought I might have thought I was going to kill him the first couple sessions that we had. You said that yesterday. Yeah, you guys worked out. Yeah, you guys never going to come back. Yeah. But he kept on coming back. And it's been really cool to watch from change. You know, it was really evident how we're like low hanging fruit. The training was for him. And you know, the end of the day, that's what I love. I love, you know, by I'm on can't exchange training this set. And another, I never want to fully coach people like you do. What I would love to do high level programming for people. Please, I'm looking for an intern to come in and help me out. I don't know. I can't even help you out a little bit. There you go. What are you guys going on over here? Oh, I got why is, you know, Hunter here so much? And I'm like, bro, come over and train with me and Hunter program. Yeah. But Hunter, you know, I'm that. No, God, that would be hilarious. But I honestly think that you guys have a really good crew. I watch it. You guys really smashed the hell out of it. And I think that it was really cool because I saw the dynamic. And I think that so Roy's off season. And then we have Jordan, who's going to be doing this. I'm during his national national. I think he's like 1819 out right now. Right. He's in great shape. And you guys will all get to see the video because we train, we take the tent training session. We also take the pose and he's in great shape to start his prep. And I know Roy is like in the off season. But I know that we talked about like, hey, what he could do better about cleaning it up a little bit to take him to the next level. And I think it's great because you get to really, they're, they're so motivated because you're the leader of that tribe. And it's really cool because you're bringing them along the urgernie. But they're also getting so much benefit from being able to do that. I mean, there's people out there that pay tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to be able to come and train with you every day. And these guys get to do it just for the passion of it. And the fact that you guys have such great chemistry and bringing it into, into my gym here. And then being able to watch that and witness it and seeing how hard they're pulling and pushing and each other. And I thought it was really cool because I go, man, this is what's going to create so much distance with what you were before because everybody's always trying to beat other people on stage. But it's really a balance of self improvement and being able to look at your prior years pictures and saying, okay, can I best this? Yes. Absolutely. And you know, honey, just to touch on what you said, man, it's, uh, I always laugh whenever I hear people talk about body building being an individual sport. You know, you're up on stage by yourself. But you know, anyone that does this at a high level successfully, you know, it takes a village. And you know, to have a village of the quality of mine, it's a pretty cool thing. But you know, at the end of the day, it's one of those, you know, iron chypons iron things. And you know, like the longer the time goes by, you know, the better, you know, Jordan and I and Roy all have an eye on each other. You know, we all know, like the little training cues this set and another. So it's just one of those things, you know, like, yeah, they're getting a cool experience out of it. But you know, I'm getting to be at my all-time best because of it. You know, they always are on time. They're always, you know, like, they're going above and beyond to be on training partners. Not like those training partners that don't show up. Yeah. No, none of those. So it's definitely very, you know, mutually beneficial symbiotic. Like it definitely feels like a team. And, you know, I grew up playing sports. I grew up playing football. So I, I thrive in that environment. You know, it's like I want to perform well for my coach for bed. You know, like I want to do well for my teammates, Ben, Jordan and Jordan and Roy. You know, it's like it definitely has like a team feel to it, which is what I operate best under. That's awesome. I guess what has been the biggest difference between your prior prep. And this year, do you feel like it has a lot to do with training nutrition? Because I really like to want to go over this for the listeners because you've made some market, you know, marked improvements through this year. And one thing that I want to say is that, do you attribute more nutrition training, a combination of both? What do you think it is? So I think it's a subset of nutrition that made the biggest difference for the last year. We're going to talk about this because I feel like it's not talking about a lot. But the difference between last year and this year is I fixed my gut health. You know, for, you know, all of us open body builders out there, right? We've been pounding six meals a day for a decade, right? It caught up to me. So last year, you know, we didn't really know what was going on until we started getting, you know, bloods, pull of like really wondering what's going on, headed into the Olympia. And, you know, stuff was really skewed. It was to the point, or is that okay, we're doing the damn show. But we know something's not right. So after the Olympia ended up doing a GI analysis and a stool analysis and had really bad CBO, really bad Leaky gut and really bad Candido overgrowth. So after the Olympia, it was kind of like a silver lining for me though because you know, it's like, okay, we looked like that with all this going on. Let's fix this and see what we can really do. So fix the gut issues and talk to me about that. What did you guys do? What it was it that you went through in regards to protocol? Yeah. So David Demisquita, Dynamite DN and Scream is the one that helped me with my gut health protocol. And it was three-ish months long and it was a couple things. First it was a low-fod map diet, which, you know, all through prep hours eating garlic and onions, thinking, oh, it's fine. This kind of, like, no, garlic and onions literally are feeding the bacteria as overgrowth to my gut. So, you know, educating myself on what I should be eating, you know, David told me that it should be eating, which is that low-fod map diet, in conjunction with, you know, for those that are not familiar with that, can you just give out a little bit of that? Like, what is that? Yeah. So basically, like, low-fod map, it's a huge, big, long word, but it's basically carbohydrates without, like a certain protein or saccharide or whatever you want to call it, then, as typically very irritative to your stomach. And so, there's, like, lists out there that basically what I operated off of, you know, just kind of got my diet went through, like, oh, that, yeah. So, the, and the eliminate, it's a tough thing. So, like, like, what are the, what was the things that you eliminated and what were the things that you added in, in conjunction with that? So, elimination, we already touched on two, you know, the biggest ones in my diet, like, what I was eating was the garlic and onions, sure. So, eliminated those two that made a really big difference. Another thing that I think made a world of difference that I started as you know, doing the morning gut health drink, if you will. And in that, you know, we do, I do, I do, revives GI plus products with kind of comprehensive GI product. Okay. We'll do apple cider vinegar, we'll do sodium husk, we'll do lemon juice, and then 20 grams of glutamine. Okay. And, you know, I've done that every single morning, so I did a little bit. And I feel like that's done a world of difference, like healing the intestinal lining and just setting my stomach up for the day. Any probiotics or any of this probiotics with the first meal. And I was another one because if your stomach's off, taking probiotics will make it worse, not better. Yeah. That was news news, you're feeding the bad bacteria, you're right. So, once we, you know, healed it and got the analysis back and everything was okay, we did put probiotics in. But that was one of those things that I was like, oh, that's interesting, but it makes complete sense whenever David is like, yeah, no probiotics to be get your gut fluorophics. Right. Because you're adding basic gasoline to the flame because you already had so much inflammation from the bad bacteria. And a lot of people don't realize that the bacterial overgrowth really happens when you go through the first stage of taking a Z-pack, right. And then all of a sudden it squashes out your good bacteria and bad bacteria. And then when ends up happening is you have bacterial overgrowth because of antibiotics. Then all of a sudden, you know, the food supply has so much antibiotics, whether it's through water, whether it's through food that's not organic. And then that kills your gut health. So then you turn around and do that. And then again, bodybuilders, especially open guys are eating six, eight, 10 ounces of meat at a time. And then you're turning around and not being able to always eat organic. Then you turn around and add in things that are very delicious to make bland food taste good. And so a lot of the seasonings that are garlic based and onion based that cause gastric distress. So again, I've had a lot of athletes have these problems in the past. And they'd go, oh, no, no, I don't know. I'm just eating garlic and onions and that shouldn't be bad. And you're like, no, that's exactly what's happening. It was exactly what it is. Right. And then was there any carbohydrate changes in your diet? So for me personally, no, because I'm a big, just white rice and creamer ice guy. Okay. Because our low five, five map carbohydrates sources. Off the top of my head, I don't know which ones are good and which ones are. I don't know if you do so the listeners can hear. But yeah. Yeah, I honestly like what I always tend to do is there's, I'm a huge proponent of gluten and free diets. Natural bodybuilding naturally is very gluten free in general. Some people believe in being able to do bagels and all of this postwork out or doing certain types of cereals postwork out. I'm not because again, all that process shit. I was always about that. I know you used to do some things. I was literally kind of laughing on my head. You're talking about cereal, I was like, oh, God. I honestly, I 100 kilos worth the rice, crit fees. I ate a couple years ago. No, I completely agree. I was smashing rice, crispy and late protein for two meals a day for probably two or three years straight. I think that's a big proponent of what happened to my gut. You're eating processed shit. Right. Right. And again, number one, it's processed. Number two, it's shit because why? Because a lot of the cereal companies are using a lot of different types of chemicals to, as preservatives or different kinds of reagents that are going to be used to be able to make sure. No, it's not going to be crunchy as long as possible. As crunchy as long as possible, and also, it doesn't go bad. So when it doesn't go bad, that means you have to put it in a preservative. And those preservatives build up. And what they're doing is they're literally genetically modifying the foods so that they can handle more preservative and more pesticides so that they can last even longer because that helps with profitability. So all of those things are what tear up your gut health. So if you notice that some of you listeners out there are trainers and you put your clients or yourself on a gluten-free diet, but you don't have a gluten allergy, the reason why that's working is because now you're no longer inundated with pesticides that were on the gluten, not the gluten protein itself. That's why sometimes when you move a broad or you travel and you're like, I'm an idly and I can eat this, but I don't get bloated. Well, because they don't allow those kinds of shit as ingredients. Like the food source is anywhere else besides the US is crazy. My wife looks at cheese in the United States and gets a stomach ache and they're like, I go to Jordan and she's just lobbing her on everything. You know, it's just the food quality is very different. It really is. And I'll feel that traveling. Because if I'm eating out a lot traveling, like in the States, it's like, oh my god, kill me. But if I'm eating a lot traveling outside of the States, I feel good. Yeah, I mean, it's hard because you just sit there and go, wow, why does the chicken taste like chicken when you go overseas? But here it tastes like cardboard. Yeah. Well, it's mass produced in the eat. Last thing you want to do is go to a chicken farm and see how that stuff sure is. Even though when they say organic or any of those things, it's still mass produced to try to keep the cost down. So there's a reason why Woppers are 99 cents or $1.99 or whatever they are now. It's just about cheap processed food. And then even when you go to the grocery store, a lot of the stuff is injected with a ton of sodium and things of that nature so that they can create more weight and more juiciness because of the lack of the natural version of that. Because when you go and I say natural version of that, like the natural, when you go to, when I go to Coate or when I go to Dubai and I'm eating chicken breast, it tastes way different than I'm having Persian food here. Because not because of how they prepare it, it's because of the starting material. So again, I'm glad that you were able to go through that. And I think that was something that you had to experience because I know that you're kind of like, look man, I don't think this is what's going on. But then at some point when you were just like, okay, I tried to change so many things. And those things didn't really make me that much better. Let me go ahead and try this. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and follow my sword. Yes, I made that change. And now you can see the difference. How much of a difference it is. And beyond that, and this is just as important as how you look, like with the amount of research I've done very much. So people will call your stomach and your digestive system, your second brain. And I know no one out there deals with any kind of depression or anxiety when they're in bodybuilding preps. But if you do a lot of your stuff. Yeah, honestly, so fixing that, I'm four weeks out on Sunday and I'm in a better head space than I am, like when I've started preps in the past. That's all. And I feel like that's, obviously I've done some work to make that happen for myself. But I feel like internally, just like everything's kind of tirated down from getting that gut healthy. When you say you did some extra work or are you doing some therapy work as well? Yes, absolutely. Okay. Okay. Therapy, you know, spending some time thinking every morning, meditating, kind of looking in and asking the hard questions. Yeah. Being present. Being present. Absolutely. And more and more of us have to really look into that because I think between social media, who can just really, really polarize us with, and not not talking about your bodybuilding. Because I know when I talk to my guys, when they see somebody else's update, it doesn't matter who it is through the years. Somebody says it's an update. It can be triggering. Sometimes it's just a little bit triggering or sometimes it's a lot because then they try to compare themselves. They don't realize like the person just had a high carb day, they're in good light, this and that and everything else. And again, they don't even talk about it. But I know it's triggering because it's been like that for many, many years. And it was like that when we used to walk into a gym and we're four weeks out from the USA, back when I was working with a lot of amateurs. And what would happen is somebody's like, I saw somebody and then now all of a sudden they started getting a little freaked out because they saw somebody that was four weeks out. And they happened to see with the gym. It was their main competition. And it would trigger them. Right? And then use viral, get anxiety, freak out, it starts questioning the program, where yourself, everything around you, you're coaching your wife, your relationship, whatever it is, right? Everything starts to get questions. Everything's wrong. Everything's wrong and you become the Tasmanian devil and then you want to destroy and, you know, scorch the earth around you because of your anxiety. You want to just try to get it out somehow. And then all of a sudden you wake up and then all of a sudden your David Banner again. And then the Hulk just destroys shit all around him. And you're like, okay, now you're jobless, you're practically homeless, you're, you know, you're whifeless. Now your mom and dad won't talk to you. Everything else because you just kind of went off. And I feel that that was in the past and you'd see it once in a while. But now it's constantly at your fingertips. We have our phones. And I think that's why a lot of people talk about like, see, but I'm talking about, right? How he says, like, I try to, you know, shut off a lot of those things. I don't go on there because I want to be present or I'll only watch certain things on YouTube like car channel stuff or, you know, reviews or whatever it is that he enjoys that outside of bodybuilding. So he doesn't have to do that now. Obviously with a child, there's a whole difference set of focus. But I guess what do you do outside of that? Because we talk a little bit about that yesterday where you're like, hey, I thought I was going to be a little freaked out, but I'm not because I'm so busy at the show. You're with Ben. You got your whole crew. You got to Airbnb up the road and it makes the days actually go by instead of being the other way around. Can you talk a little bit about that? No, absolutely. I think people in the bodybuilding world have done a really good job, but in a bad way of like romanticizing misery and pain. Yes. Like it's like you're not hardcore if you aren't suffering. Like if you're not miserable, you're not working hard in a beauty. I know. Like absolutely not. You were doing yourself a disservice feeling like that. Your body's going to go over your mind is if your mind's in a dark shitty hell whole of the cave all day long, your body's not going to be at its best. And I think that's something that's really able to, you know, I've known, but I was something I was really able to kind of institute this year. And it's made a big difference in the bodybuilding, obviously. But you know, like you said, like beyond bodybuilding, this life in general is feeling a lot more at peace. Well, I think that tranquility that that brings that peace helps be able to understand what's important because you don't really get that when anxiety is high, the shit that doesn't matter, you focus on the most. And I think that's what really propels people and inspired makes people spiral. And I think the way to be able to work around that is what you're doing, right? So you're going in there and you're going in physiologically and fixing your gut. And then being able to, because you're right, it is, your body's actually develops through your gut, you know. And so I think that when you're doing that and then being able to say, hey, like meditation, when you meditate, how many minutes did you meditate and what time it did you do that? Usually 10 minutes in the morning first thing, I'd go outside and just stand barefoot grounded in the sun. It's okay. I'm going to think about some food remation. Yes. Yes. Is that where we picked it up or was after your therapy? Honestly, Ben, Ben hadn't you start doing the outside time? Just he wanted me outside in the sun, trying for 10 minutes. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm not just going to stand here for 10 minutes. We're going to make this productive time. And in Houston. Yeah. In Houston. That's awesome. Yeah. Going to the backyard. Yeah. Just going out there with your posing trunk saw. Yeah. Just getting maximum vitamin D. Absolutely. That's awesome. And then did you start that in the off season? Or did you start that? We started that for prep less. And then we kept it. We kept it. We kept it going. Yeah. We kept it going. And I would do, and Northern California, we'd get a lot of rain during the rainy season. And I would have my athletes also try to get as much sun as possible. But sometimes we get into like El Nino. And I would even throw them in the tanning song a bit early. No. Yeah. Just do that. Makes a big difference with for your body getting that natural light or the artificial natural light. If you keep it get natural. But here in Texas, we don't have any lack of natural light. And then we said that. And then today it just started raining. Rain. Rain. It was funny. But it went to a school up in Boston for my freshman year at college. And that's why I lasted one year. It was getting dark like three o'clock in the afternoon. I was like, no. Did you last the winner or no? No. Yeah. I made it for the whole year. Had a good time. It was fun. But yeah. Definitely Texas boy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Texas is another play. Is there other things that you can be able to share with us in regards to the training differences now? Yeah. What did you change this year? Absolutely. So I feel like probably over the last two years I've had a generalized shift in my training because I used to be like a progressive overload to lie die. Everything's logbooked. If I didn't put five more pounds on the bar and do the same reps or do the same rep or do more and more rep with the same weight from last week, I got fucked up. I was a bad day. And I think that led to while I have always considered myself to train with good form and good control. Cause things to get like maybe a little loose or a little less range of motion than I could be using just because I wanted to beat the number. Yeah. So you know, putting that logbook up and getting rid of the anxiety that comes with it, especially before like leg days and shit because you know, especially like offseason, like leg days come around and it's like, okay. Well, come correct or have a season and the injury and be thinking about it for two days before, you know. So getting rid of that logbook, I feel like made a pretty big difference in terms of just truly being able to focus on the quality of the exercise. You know at the end of the day, we aren't power lifters. There's not a bench press on stage. It's all about how we look and you know, how we look is a byproduct of how well we're able to contract. You know, I'm not one of those like pink dumbbell guys who's, you know, like saying, oh, you just got a squeeze load doesn't matter. Like no, it's very important. But, you know, using the load that you should be using to be able to execute properly is made a huge difference. And then, you know, I talked about this with you a little yesterday when we were training. I wouldn't say I'm like getting into extreme ranges of emotions like the RP guys. Yeah. Jared here this morning. But I've placed a huge emphasis on spending some time in both of the end points. You know, like in the stretch and the contraction really owning the eccentric and then, you know, getting a good contraction, exposing on the way down. But I feel like really placing the emphasis on that before anything else has made a big difference. Especially my back, you know, taking my back through a full range of motion, getting those steps moving as much as possible. It's made a big difference. And I can see the difference because number one, you pose and I can see how much more depth you have in your back because of the range of motion. But also because I feel like what you just said earlier, you're not chasing a number in your logbook. You're chasing a feel and you're chasing an intense hard workout. And I don't believe that you have to have either more reps or more weight to be able to improve. Exactly. You know, it's a fallacy thinking that way too. And I finally got it through to myself. Like, we aren't machines as much as we want to think we're machines. We're a biological organism that's going to have ebs and flows. So, you know, I base everything off of that like I was. It wasn't smart. No, and look, I can, that's why when everyone says no, no, no, you got to have progressive overload and I'm like, okay, so let me ask you this, if you progressively overload with weights, but your nutrition is subpar compared to the previous prep, what's going to win? Nutrition or you're just being a little bit, you know, stronger or thinking you are because you're counting a couple more reps. Yep. It's going to be your nutrition, but you know, by far. And that's why trying to get the different foundations of the prep right is what it really boils down to. So if you're at 80% of your training and you move that to 90% by being able to get better form, better range of motion, better intensity, being able to really lock in the right exercises where the muscle is being fixated on properly is great. But if your nutrition was at 70% and you just go up to another 10% to 80% or from 80 to 90, you're going to see more value from that because there's nothing more antibody than food. I completely agree. Could not agree more with that. And I feel that that's what a lot of people lack. Yeah, kind of like one of those things people are arguing about, oh, no, high volume, low low volume high intensity whenever they can't, they can, you know, missed five meals in the last five days. Exactly. And so instead of saying, hey, man, I missed my PR on my incline dumbbell press and I was supposed to hit one 50s and I hit only one 30s. I'd be like, well, how many meals is your hit? And number one, that might have something to do with it. But number two, you're going to get much more growth if you just make sure that you hit all your meals and make sure that you hit that proper protein load. Not if you're sitting there, it's just constantly just trying to chase a number in the gym. At the end of the day, we're just trying to cause a growth for months, right? That's right. So what happens outside of the gym that actually makes a growth? Yeah, and a lot of people are so fixated on the numbers and like what you said about the logbook. So have you completely just regarded the logbook? It's just a history. It's part. It's history. It's been in my little seat back pocket of my car for like two years now. Well, you've ever hold that whole lot of time. Oh, yeah, I'm holding them. Yeah, I've got like probably five or six preps worth in there. It's cool to look at. No, it is. And I do think that there is things that could be put down for different just being able to review things. But I think that ultimately it's not chasing it. And I think that's what you were talking about, right? That's what you were doing was chasing it. I was chasing it at the level that I was at. It'd be different. I think a logbook's a great tool for most people. But I'm not trying to like pat myself on the back, but for my training and my nutrition and my supplementation, it all be upwards of the 90% we were talking about. I feel like that was the biggest difference. I'm moving that logbook because it wasn't giving me any extra percentages of anything. It was impacting my recovery negatively. And then impacting my mental status. Because like I said, like it got to the point where two days before legs of my go, I got it. That's quite a great set. Like one of those things, like genuinely anxious about it like two days before the work. So I think it's made a world of difference. Do you feel like a lot of it's talk nowadays is talking about how PEDs can increase your anxiety. Do you feel that it's more dependent on the PED or do you feel like it's just generally your mental state? I have a couple tidbits on this one. First, I feel like people read what they see on the internet and then pair it and put it into their heads that that's what they feel. More than anything else. I really do feel that way. That being said, there are some compounds and bodybuilding that like increased anxiety is a hallmark of them. And that's on you to see how you are about your ex to it. What makes one person a psychopath another person going to handle completely fine. That just comes down to seeing what works for your body. Just like everything else that we do right? Yes. I think a lot of is excuses because of people who can't handle their anxiety in general. If you do that, it doesn't matter if you're taking trend or take healer. You are going to be an angry mother fucker and you're going to want to get into a fight because you're naturally got a lot of aggression that you haven't been able to get out for whatever reason. Believe me, feel he can contest a couple of times where him and I went out to him. You'll talk, you're like, we're eye bin like triggered because of somebody or something. And all of a sudden he's like, bro, calm down. Because you don't even take shit and you're like crazy. And I'm just like, yeah, I had a couple of drinks and angrypersion.com definitely came out. I think another good way to say it is a kind of amplifies who you are as a person maybe. Yes. And when you're at. If you have beginning anxiety, it's going to ratchet it up. If you're already kind of a narcissistic asshole, you're going to be unbearable. Like, yes. One of those things. 100%. 100%. Yeah, definitely there's certain compounds that will definitely ramp that up. That's why it's like, I kind of parallel it with being in shape, far enough out. So you can get shredded. If you're starting as a fat fuck, you're going to end up maybe getting lean. But if you start out with a good quality, the Z. And you haven't stressed it yet. And then when you do stress it, in terms of the diet, the cardio, the training, everything's on point, then you'll get shredded shit. It's going to respond. It's going to respond. But it's just a matter of time. That's what's happening with me right now. Okay. Yeah, I really do. Yeah, I think everything's really dialed in and it's responding, which is it's fun to see. And that's both physically as well as mentally. Exactly. Yeah. That's so cool. It really is. Yeah, it's fun to be able to say it. Yeah, it's after, after last year being as long as a year as it was, it's cool to be able to look back and be, okay, that's in the rear view. I know I can suffer and do it like that, but I don't have to do it like that anymore. That's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. Do you feel like right now in the state of body building? Do you feel like it's evolving or do you, where do you feel it is in the life cycle of things? Because we had these different areas. And now as you're starting to become part of the current era, I'm really interested because we're getting into that hyper intellectual, I feel like people are getting information. Like you said though, but a lot of them parrot this. And I think that the same thing goes for like, who should be fans of whom, you know, like with certain athletes? But with this, you have a sense of knowledge and perspective, I should say, as a proper word, that a lot of people don't have, which is your father comes from a very golden era. Yeah, very competitive era. A very competitive era in body building, where a true giant slayer he was, and still looks amazing, by the way. I always think what would have happened if there was 2012 when he was competing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's crazy because... There's so many really good short guys back there that mixed it up with the big boys. Yeah, they got rid of that. I can't remember what year it was. It was originally 202. No, I was, I was, I'm talking about, because I had Kevin English when he won the Olympics in 202. That's right. And he was one of my clients, but I'm talking about like back when Franco Colombo, I believe there was a... That's tall on a short cliff. That's right. Yeah, they had a tall on a short cliff. Right. I don't know. I don't think it was a way. And it was just kind of height, I believe, or something. Yeah. But again, which I almost like more for bodybuilding, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what turned into though the new classic is kind of turning into that. I feel, with trying to create a... Oh, to create a... I could see that for your proportionality with classic. But I guess going back to the question in hand, do you, how do you feel like this era that you're in is different from your father's era? And how do you see it progressing kind of right now? Absolutely. You know, I think first and foremost, got to tip my hat to those that came before me, right? My dad's era is one of my favorite areas. The dude's just, you know, the physique, the way they carried themselves, you know, the way that just the bodybuilding world was, then, you know, like every or not in California and the magazines. And it was cool. It would have been a cool, cool time to be a part of. But, you know, I feel like be a... You know, current state of bodybuilding. When you look back, like, I don't know, three, four years ago, like when Romney won his first one, you heard people just like, oh my god, open bodybuilding is dying. It's... and then you fast forward, you know, two, three years now, four years later and you know, there's... and the top six, you know, anyone shows up off and anyone can flip flop around. Right. And you know, it's gotten very competitive again. And there is a lot of good young guys coming up, which is funny for me to say. I'm starting, like, because I was always the kid coming up. And I was like, I'm starting to get to the mayor like, oh, there's a bunch of guys younger than me competing and open, which is cool, because I'm only 32. So to have a bunch of good, good, good guys coming up, I think it's, uh, I think it's a sign of the times, for sure. Yeah, do you think that what you're seeing right now is it's going to be a mix-up, because it seems like the dynasties are going to be hard now, right? Like the J dynasty, the Ronnie dynastie, the Phil dynastie, I don't think we have anyone that's even that close to being dominant, like that right now. Which is exciting for bodybuilding, right? Because it makes it exciting for us as the athlete too. You know, it was not like, it was like, Phil was winning, like, he was like, okay, he's getting second. You know, like, when he was at his prime, just call it, call it what it is. Right. And you know, like as much as like people, it's say like, no, I didn't train thinking like that. Like it was, it was in the back of the head. Yeah. You know, like so for all of us to be training, when in like a mindset of truly like, okay, you know, it's there to take, like I think that's cool. I think he gets the best out of all of us. Yeah, yeah, I, you know, it would be, it'd be interesting to see Kai's point of view now, because I think perspective changes. Yes. And I think that time changes perspective, because in the moment you have a certain perspective, and then maybe five, 10 years later, you have a different perspective. It's kind of like right now how many people have told me, like, I think Phil should have won the 2018 Olympia, right? You can. And they're like, now they're seeing it, but at the point, they were so emotionally attached to wanting something new that they're like, great, Sean God rest his soul. His, you know, was looked really great in the midsection, but Phil beat him in a lot of poses, right? Pretty much all of them in my opinion. But again, that year, there were so much emphasis on the midsection, but perspective now, I have so many people that come up to me and they're like, yeah, you know, that 18 should have been fills. Yeah, I mean, you go back and look at it and did it, and I'm like, yeah, but again, it took time for people, because now the emotional, okay, some point watching fills rain. I was a Kai fan. Like there was a couple years, I was like, man, I really think Kai should got at this year. Now that I look back on it, no. It's fun, no, and see, that's coming from a Kai fan. No, yeah, Phil, Phil, no. So it's time gives you better perspective for sure. Yeah, it's crazy because it really doesn't so many different things. And I think that as I've gotten older and I can't believe how I'm about to say this, but I've been a trainer for over 30 years. And I go, like practically since you before you're born. Like, I have a lot of kids who have been training people for 30 years. And almost have as many Olympic players. What is it? 24, 24, 24. Yeah, they got me that cool. Drew, you guys are the one off people are like, hey, is that for sale again now? It's just something that they got to coach. 24 Olympic champions, do you get one of these? Yeah, yeah, they're like, is that a Kobe thing? Because I like Kobe's, I always wear Kobe's. I'm actually wearing Kobe's actually today. And it's a Kobe thing, a huge Kobe fan, and I was like, God, man, we cool to be able to match up with Kobe's number. But that was something that was like, I don't know, and keep going. No, very cool. Yeah, very cool. It's like there's not 23 Jordan, 24 Kobe. But I'm not a honey retired. He didn't want any more titles. You wanted to Kobe and be done. That's a Kobe, oh my God. That's hilarious. But I guess for now, okay, the key, go into Italy, right? Yep. Now with the Italy show, are you going to shut it down after that? What's right after that? Is there anything else? Olympia. Okay, so they're, they'll, when it, get your qualification. When Olympia, what do you still have to qualify? I have to qualify. I'm not qualified. So Italy, go in there. I'm not saying this just to say, yeah, I know the Olympia's happening, but Italy's my Olympia right now. Right. Of course, play in some book. Because there is no Olympia without Italy. Right. So that's where the focus is right now. Is there a backup plan? Just in case. I hate a word. But there is one more qualifying show, the following weekend, than the UK. And the UK. Yes, God it. Which show is that? The UK pro, I think. Okay, yeah. Got it. And so if something goes sideways, now is there an instance where you may just do that just to chase the check and say, hey, like, I want to go grab that time. Ben and I talked about that the other day. You know, if they come out and, you know, the prize money is impressive and we're already over there. Then yeah, it might be something to think about. Outside of that. And you know, definitely, I mean, like a game time decision to with my body because, you know, the money is not worth a place to meet the Olympia. Yeah. You know, I'm trying. I'm, I got goals this year for the Olympia. So, you know, winning another show before that if it's going to impact that, I'm not interested in it. Okay, because you're looking long-term. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that's the right way to look at things. I think the people that don't, that chase things like that tend to end up paying for it later. Yeah, and honestly, if we're going to chase checks, let's go chase checks. It like the Arnold's in Dubai. The ring do buy and stuff. I heard that the Dubai Pro ended up raising the prize money. Yeah, it's going to be higher next year. Yeah, did they say what number it was yet? They said 500 total, but you know how the distribution works. So I don't know where it'll end up. Do you know what the total was this year? I don't. I know the prize for first was 100. Right. I do know that too. And I heard that they're raising it, but I just haven't heard an official number yet. I haven't either. Yeah, that's going to be exciting. But I mean, think about that. Just a couple of year ago, we had the Olympia at 300 grand. Right. The Arnold was at a 100 and change. And now all of a sudden, you have the Olympia at 400. You have the Arnold at 500. Yes, you have the Dubai Pro at 100 and going up. You have, I'm sure. I know, yes, and then I know Steve also raised the prize money over in New York. New York. And so you're looking at those numbers. Detroit starting to pay people. Detroit was 30 and then it'll be 50 next year, I believe. Well, and that's what I'm saying. So these things are actually now making sense. Yes. Where in the past you're just doing it for passion and then you collect a check. And then you're hoping that the sponsors and everything else can make up the difference. Which they would. But now, what's really important, and this is what I really want to make sure I emphasize. What's really important is the powers that be that are putting all of these things together. They're reinvesting. Okay. The Olympia, the Arnold. I mean, just all of these different shows that are reinvesting. What's happening is, I think you're going to create an actual aura around the shows that and I guess what I'm trying to say is you're getting rid of a stigma. It's actually probably a little bit clear, a message. Because what was happening before was like, I don't have to step on stage and I can make hundreds of thousands of dollars on being a YouTube star. Yeah. Right. Well, now you can get into the millions for being a good bodybuilder. To be for being a good bodybuilder, right? Which is rightfully deserved. Which honestly hasn't been the thing since the magazine is one away. That's right. And it's coming back, which is very cool. Yeah. Absolutely. And because what took away a lot of those big sponsorships that were just gigantic because there was, it was narrower before. It was narrower and where you didn't have to deal with the TikTok brands and all of those. And so that's why I was always saying. But you have a unique perspective like I do, honey, because you work on the athlete competitor side of things, which are also a business owner of the magazine. I'm an athlete and then also work with them, LeBrona and nutrition very closely. You know, you know, better than anyone. It's hard to justify paying a single person $100,000 whenever you can use that $100,000 for online marketing and social media campaigns. And you get crazy analytics back on it. You know, exactly where your money is going and you don't have to deal with a hard to deal with personality. And you know, it's like, I get it. I get both sides of it for sure. But it's exciting to see that, you know, it's starting to come back around to where if you want to just be a body builder, you can make a really good living doing it still. Exactly. And you have such good perspective because of the fact that, you know, LeBrona nutrition has been around for a while and you have the ability to take the analytics and the data and show, hey, look, this is what it's like and being able to reinvest and where to reinvest in. But which what it's suck in the past is that you didn't have the big prize money to offset the losses of all of the extra revenue that was going into the muscle text and the BSNs of the world. Or, you know, because that's all there were. You know, those were the big guys that would buy 20 pages inside of that magazine. Higher top 10 signed. Right. And then you would have all of these guys that gigantic team and those were the inmate influencers. Now anybody with a really good YouTube channel with good social media, TikTok pages are getting signed and they're not competitors. So now what happens is money floats out to them and goes through them to the whatever brands that they're pushing and then it hurts our industry because it doesn't stay within it to be able to help build sponsorships. I know I work with the top two guys are not only guys that I coach but they're also part of my brand. And I know how hard that is on both sides. Now being able to actually offset some of that saying, yes, we're going to generate a ton of revenue for them. That's what's going to happen. And I don't make a dollar of their money. Like any money that they make for those that question and that I mentioned a couple times does not come to me. So whether it's prize money, whether it's any of those things is all 100% them in Uncle Sam. And even Hottie actually has to pay taxes. That's the death and taxes, right? Right. And even Hottie's only shirt things in life. Yeah, yeah. And that's the other thing too. People are asking, well, Hottie, you know, he's abroad and he's just going to pay it. No, they take the taxes out before they send the prize money. So yeah, they'll take out their minimum 30, 30, 30, 30, 30. Some in fine, you're going to make you feel that that W9 with the fake Tans still on. Yeah. Yes, you know, you feel that is. And you fill that out. And that's what's and then that's it. So it doesn't matter if you live abroad. If you earn that money here, they take it. So all of those things are all taken in consideration. But the nice thing about it is that when Ronnie was making the $100,000 check back in the day and winning the $100,000. So it's actually managed. Yeah, okay. Well, muscle is taking match. And that was that was back in the day. But my thing was the fact that it was like, okay, great. That was still only 100 grand. 100 grand. But now you have the ability to get a straight check, you know, again, taxes. You cannot avoid death and taxes. But at the end, the gross earnings is now 400 and 500 grand. And then if you do the Arnold after the second Arnold, if that continues to keep going on, that was of 125, I think, for first place there. And so now you're really making some moons. Yeah. And then if you do buy or anything else, it just depends on how you get it. Like you said, plan. But there's a lot of money being spent. And also what I like seeing too is some of these influencers, like the trend twins that or just influencers are now getting on stage. But you can compete in. Because that's actually really shout out to those guys. And they're getting on stage. Yeah, are they ready to go out there and turn pro yet? No. But they're doing it. And I got to give them their live their living the lifestyle. They make their living off. Yes, which is cool. Yes, yes. And I already think Sam's solo too. Like, you know, you got to Sam's solo. Who is huge in the industry. And everyone was like, well, what about him? And now I say, at some point, I think he's in a good on stage, too. I think he's a happy guy that would definitely do it. Again, I don't know him personally. Met him. I think it was gotten to train with him. I'm not into Troy. Okay. Very cool kid. Very, very normal for how famous he is. Yeah, very respectful. Met him backstage with the Arnold UK super nice. And you can just tell that he's got a serious nature about him that looks like he might actually jump on stage. And I think that there's some some cool things about that. But I'm just it's a cool time to be a bodybuilder. It is. It is. It really is. Yeah. You know, and I guess for me. Starting to head towards the direction of you get paid according to your merit. Again, at least prize money when I see you know, right? Right, because because before analytics, I got it, you know, it's been money like you said on dollars on marketing. Now we can turn around and at least say, hey, look, it doesn't matter what you're bring to the brand. Now at least you're getting paid by the promoter for being able to be able to do this because of expose because of other things, sponsorships and everything else that can help make that prize money. So, you know, like grand that it can make it worth it again. So I think you're going to start seeing an influx of even more. Absolutely. Guys that are going to want to be able to go on stage at the open level and be able to get into that big money. Yeah. What do you think about this prize money thing with, you know, some people are saying like with the men's classic physique, even though you're an open bodybuilder, 50 grand, most of the shows. I believe there might have been a couple that are a little bit more than that. Do you feel that there should be such a discrepancy or I mean, what's your thoughts? Because I want to be able to say, I know how I feel, but I want to know what like an open bodybuilder who's placed in the top, what have you been as high as way as fourth, fourth, fourth, top five. What's your thought process on that? My thought process on it is as it lays right now. I can completely understand why people feel the discrepancy isn't fair. That being said, once Chris has gone, I feel like that division's popularity doesn't nose dive, but goes way down. I feel like you have a couple really bright stars in classic that are kind of raising the division as a whole. If that makes sense and then once a couple of those guys either fall off or tire or something, it might be a little bit of a low. I think the best way to say it though is, you know, at the end of the day, those shows are promoted and the tickets are sold to people that show up their in person and that want to show up to the expo and the center and other and they're showing up to see the open guys. I really do believe that, you know, the Arnold's the Olympias, stuff like that, like if people are going and buying those $6,700 Olympia tickets, I think they're more than that. Yeah, they're crazy, but they're going to see the open guys and they want to see freaks. I understand where people come from saying the discrepancy isn't fair, just because of how much popularity people like, you know, like Seabomb and, you know, Ramone and Wesley and, or you're Irzy, and, you know, like, there are some big names of dry, ton of eyes to the sport, but you know, it's like, you get out of like that top 10 and I can't really, I can't really say much about it. I don't know who they are. Right. I think it's actually only the top 5, but I was, I was going to say top 5. I'm going to give them a little more credit. No, yeah, but it is what it is. It is, it's, it's, I think it's top 5, but yeah, I do agree with you. And I think that the promoters know because they do allow those analytics and they say, hey, look, what else tickets? But I do think there's an evolution that's going to happen pretty quick here because I think that I think that there's a, there should be a little bit bigger discrepancy between the two divisions. And nothing gets meant to be, guys, I train Jeremy for four Olympia titles and a very proud of that. Whenever you add in the other book and like you just did, that makes it much more interesting. Yes. Is it should be more in the middle between open and meant to see guy agree when you say it like that? That's the thing I always say because again, I don't think we need a lower men's physique. I just think we could, we could just definitely at some point it'd be nice to raise a bit for classic weather crisis and it or not. I do think that we need to figure out a way to do that. Did that would be nice? But again, everything is happening. It's getting better. I'm not complaining. I'm just saying is that when we have to turn around and you have to show more of your physique and you have to show more poses, I feel like there should be something proportional to that because you're bookending it, right? So you've got to create like what you put is I think a perfect analogy of being in the middle right there somehow. But I think that somewhere it lies in the middle and I think that whether or not Chris is competing. I think that, you know, it's one of those things because these other guys are have become that popular. Yeah. And I definitely agree with you that I think we're going to see a shift sooner than later. And that, so it'll be interesting to see where it goes. Yeah. What do you think about it on the girl's side? Does your girl compete? She was a figure pro. She's done. But yeah. So girl's side's tough man because, you know, girls, you know, the end of the day, you know, talk about it from the business side of things. Yeah. Girls are inputting but some seats. Right. You know, the girls are putting their, why do you think that is? I think that the people that are true fans of them aren't it shows. You know, I know those girls have a ton of fans that love to keep up with them and all of the wellness girls that aspire to be on the stage or the bikini girls that aspire to be on the stage like them. But they aren't the people actually physically attending the show. I feel like the butts and seats from the women's side divisions are mainly, you know, a husband, a friend, a boyfriend, you know, maybe some family members. I don't really feel like they're pulling people into the show and getting people to buy tickets. And I think that's where the discrepancy could come from. I have my theory that my theory is a little bit through just that 60,000 foot perspective and what it is is that especially with wellness, I think that some of the wellness stuff that I feel is like really growing. Most of those girls are from Brazil and I feel that those Brazilian fans are, it's just hard from get here. It's expensive to go to the Olympia. It's expensive to go to the Arnold. So I think you're also losing some of those fans that would go. But I think that they are, and I could be wrong. I would have to check with Tamer and the guys that run the Southern South American Arnold or any of those shows. But I know those shows are growing like crazy. Yeah, the turnout of the Arnold Brazil is wacky. See, like the men's open. It was like so loud. It was hard to watch. Well, and seeing that, but also like, I guarantee that it's going to bring in more more people and those butts that you said in the seats because of the fact it's easier to get to. But if you have to get a visa, you have to get on a plane. You have to fly and a lot of those top competitors are from there. So I think it gets a little bit skewed on that end. And I also think that bikini girls are underrepresented. You know, we just had lorily here. And I just think that there needs to be a little bit more of that in the even figure with Sid. You know, it's one of the reasons I signed her is because I just feel like these girls, they, they really deserve a platform. And they work their asses off. And they just don't get what they, you know, deserve in regards of recognition. And a lot of times you need a company to be able to help prop you up in terms of your marketing so that they can be able to create those YouTube channels to be able to really help push you and be able to do that. Because that's why I always used to tell people when I used to help them with their contracts. It's not always about the money. It's about, like if something's going to pay an extra 500 of grand, whatever, whatever the difference is. But also how much are they going to really help push your personal brand, right? What doesn't matter what kind of thing you're going to build your brand. That's right. You know, and how they're going to be able to elevate your brand and really be able to help make you into the next star and maybe travel around, do expose, being able to put content together, introduce you to their audience. All of those things are super, super important. But I feel like, again, it's one of those things that you have to invest in somebody and then they invest back into you because you grow together. And I feel like that's where some of these companies just don't don't believe in that. And I feel like that's a little bit disheartening because I feel like these athletes, they all deserve a chance. Now, yeah, there are differences. And then I think another thing, like on the women's side of things, you know, like speaking from like this, like the business marketing standpoint, I feel like a lot of those companies just because there's so many bikini pros out there with good Instagram followings. I feel like it's just they, you know, love supply and demand thing almost to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like I think that it's really also just in the past, you could turn around and be a banger, right? And then you're just like, okay, cool, I'm with bang and I want to show myself on a thong. But now it's also, you know, that kind of era has kind of been lost. And now it's about connectivity. And so whether you're showing training content or you're really dialing in a person with your journey. And I think that makes it really, you know, want to be relatable exactly exactly. And so with that being said, what is it going on with your channels right now? Are you doing anything else with your, like you and Ben and any of the stuff for the next three weeks? So if people want to like follow the journey, yeah, you know, besides, I know your Instagram is really, absolutely. So definitely pretty heavy on Instagram. Started pushing my YouTube really hard, probably like four or five months ago, hired a videoographer, you know, I've had her traveling with me. We've been putting out really regular content. So definitely putting a push behind that, you know, because I feel like that's a platform, you know, that you can make a lot of money on, but be you're able to show people, you know, your side, you know, like show them who you are actually beyond a 60 second, like sizzle real on Instagram. You know, it gives you a little bit more personality. So definitely placing emphasis on that too. And then as far as, you know, getting content out for prep or doing like a once-weekly thing and prep right now, but like I told you yesterday, I'm coming up. Next Sunday through the following, like Sunday Monday, so over here for like seven days, so I'm definitely going to come catch a day with you. Definitely going to be running camp with Ben, you know, so we'll get a lot of good content out of that. I'm looking forward to giving people like a true, like behind the scenes look of, you know, what goes into it when it's an degree of time. That's great. That's great. And I think that's what really people need to see because all the influencers out there are watching you because you're putting out more content. They're watching Derek, they're watching Haudy. And I think that what's happening is now they're getting inspired. And then that makes them more likely to want to jump into a show. And I think that there's so many people here that are listening to this podcast and they say, God, I really want to do a show someday, but I'm not good enough because I need to get better. And I always tell them, like you need to just jump on stage and do a prep and then you have to have a starting point to know if you can get better. You never try. You never know, right? Absolutely. Because like honestly, like I say it was all the time that people like this is the most miserable sport in the world. If you attach your happiness or your fulfillment to your contest placings, you know, you could be an apple and they like oranges that they can't do anything about it. You're an apple. Sorry. But if you are a better apple than you were last year, you know, like you're shining your less bruises, you won. And you know, like keeping that perspective, like it keeps it fun for sure. A lot of miserable people in the sport that just completely attach themselves to their contest placings. Well, and I think that you made a really good point. It's matter of just making sure that you're really focusing on the journey and not just the end result when it comes to your $15 trophy that you exactly, you know, at the end of the day the journey is what you remember. That's right. That's right. And you're building that discipline that's going to make you better in terms of a person. I have guys. So again, you guys heard me say this a lot. Make sure you jump on stage at least once in your life because I will guarantee you you will learn from it. It'll make you a stronger human being a better human being because you'll be able to put yourself into your own version of mental toughness training. It really, really takes you to a whole different level when you're able to practice skill. It is. Yeah, mental toughness is a practice skill. Sure. Sure. But it starts with a physical. Yeah. Yeah. It makes it big difference. So right now, you're going to be this weekend. Again, by the time this comes out, Rob, when are we going to get this out? The famous last year is 8 a.m. Sunday. Whatever you can, brother. Yeah. So if it comes out after the show, which is going to probably be happening because we got to like going on. But what is your, who's your top three for the show? Who do you think? I think Andrew's going to win. Okay. Um, I think the other, I think Andrew's going to win. I think Louis breed Jordan Hutchinson or Nathan Eppler. Okay. Could go for two. I think that'll be your top four. So basically let's go. You think that Andrew, again, on paper Andrew's the favorite, right? I mean he's his favorite and let's something it was going on. I must something went really wrong. I do feel like it's a fight for second. I'm not saying that to be like rude to anyone else. Right. Right. And if anybody does catch him off enough man could owe to you because that person could really turn around because again, I told you, I was like, oh, you're so close right now. Let's just pull your water. Let's see what happens. Let's go ahead. Ben, call Ben. You know, it's not Tyler yesterday. The check-ins and said really, so why did you deny my contract? He's always like, yeah, no, I told him that I was joking. I thought you deny my contract man to happen. Oh, what do you say? He's his laugh. Oh, yeah. That's hilarious. Yes. And special shout out to Tyler Manion. It says birthday today. Oh, so it's his text of dirty, dirty. Um, so happy birthday to Tyler. We're going to work on the weekends like usual. Always. Always. And what's going to be great is the fact that it's going to be a little, a little, sworey afterwards that he will not know about. But now I can talk about it because it's not coming out. There is no surprise. The prize. Tyler. We got some really cool stuff. Yeah. Yeah, Edela is a fiance. He's got some cool stuff planned out. So they're getting married two weeks after the Olympics. Yeah, I'm going to then last night. Yep. Yeah. That's going to be a lot of stress. I'm going to go right from the Vegas Olympic. Yeah. I'm going to blow and then go in and I guess then they're done for like their little off season. The be nice. Just take a breath after getting all that. Yeah, he's been grinding because he was in Dubai. Everybody was out there. Yeah, I feel like everyone's been all over the place lately. It's been one of the videos because we have the Airbnb right now is like Tampa. Then my show, the Leather Brown Classical. That's what you can. And now this one as I do. I'm sorry. That's awesome. But you know what it is? It's because of the support is growing so much and it's going globally, which is even better because now that's why you're seeing these types of things like Dubai. So again, guys, thank you so much. I know you got to go because you got to get your meal in and I really appreciate the hell out of you coming out here and coming back. You know, back to the back being able to do the podcast. It's always a pleasure having you here and like said whenever you come back next week or whatever it is. And now be up next Sunday for a week and we'll definitely come catch a day with you. And then like I said, man, once you get hot you over, I'd love to come train with you all the day or two. That'd be fun. It was a great break the internet. Yeah, let me know guys. Get broken by hotty. Let me know what you'd like to see when it comes to hotty. If you guys want to see hotty and hunter the H&H squared. Yeah, triple H because that's in the honey. Yeah, that's the real for Renton H3 for that day. Oh, up to the gym and made you free. Yeah. So guys, go in the comments. Make sure you like subscribe and share because it helps the algorithm. So if I know you care, I'm going to put more of these episodes out and make sure you follow Hunter if you're not. You're crazy and make sure you subscribe to his YouTube channel as well because he's putting a lot of time and effort into it. So once again, honey ram bod, Hunter La Brada, and that's the truth.

=== FILE: YOUNGEST IFBB PRO Anton Ratushnyis INSANE Chest Workout! [1f0F9ryedFw].txt ===

All right guys, I am here with none other than Anton, Classic, the Z-Pro just coming off your Pro-DaveU and Pittsburgh. That was what about a month ago? Or it's been, I think, six, eight weeks. Almost two months. Almost two months. He did his Pro-DaveU placing a very, very respectable six in an amazing lineup. How are you feeling? I feel excited to finally step into the Pro League. I kind of jumped into the Pro show, already kind of dipped my toes and now I'm excited to fully dive in the waters and become the professional bodybuilder, you know, meant to become. So I'm really excited for the career ahead of me and, you know, I'm glad to have this opportunity to train with you and you know, pick up some tips for the future. Sure. Sure. No. For a little while in Dallas area, so you want to come by and say, awesome, you know, always bringing in not just amateur's, but pros from all over the world that come in and have an a great time. So chest is something that we're going to focus on. He's coming away with a little bit of a quad strain, but getting better at that. So maybe next time, so we're going to do legs. Looking good. Information is going away. Yeah, I love to. Yeah. Like these are my favorite. I feel like when they were at first step to foot in the gym and actually my first workout was like day and I had it was back in Ukraine. I had a pretty tough trainer back in the night. So you put me through like my first first workout and it was like, day, I ended up like puking. So I kind of how I was kind of, you speak Russian, right? Yeah, I speak Russian. So you're creating? Didn't tell you dots with on, yeah. That's like, by. That's what I told him when I was puking. But yeah, no, this so that kind of like started the love for bodybuilding and pushing myself in the gym. So I always kind of had that attitude of giving it all, even starting my first workout. So I'm excited if we do hit legs. That would be great opportunity. Yeah, when you get your legs a little better, get them a little bit more recovered from the little strain. And then right now, not doing Texas Pro, if you're going to go in and possibly do San Antonio. San Antonio, so is that public yet or not? It's not public, but I'm that. I got nothing bad. It is now. It's not public as long as everything keeps going. Yeah. How many weeks out of that? So that's 10 weeks. I believe. I'm going to not rush it with qualification for this year. I do think I need a lot more size and potentially just getting the qualification out of the way and smart for 2026 having that whole year to grow. It would make me really competitive in the next year's Olympia. So that's the plan. Yeah, there you go. Again, turn pro here in Dallas, Texas, just literally two years ago. Right? Yeah, at Nationals. Going on to New Year's, then, Nationals. At 19 years old, something that we have other people that are talking about. It's like 18 years old that we want to turn around. Yeah, there's lots of guys who are chasing that. Yeah. Yep. So we had Julian, he's also trying to chase that right now. Talking about it, he's become a little bit of an online hype beast because of the fact that he's been throwing a lot of things out there that he wants to do. He wants to be the youngest Mr. Olympia. Yeah, that hurt that. Yep. You want to be the youngest one. So I guess we're after that same goal together. Right? That's why everybody had up. It's something he still has to even compete. He still has to get a pro card. He's still has to do. From what I've seen, I mean, that's going to be in the bag. That's why I'm a little bit nervous. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You've got to wait till you finally get the process because there's all seems easy until you do it. Yeah. Especially the dining part and going down to like single digit by the fact that's something that unless you've done it once, you know, you don't know how it's going to go. So that's right. That's right. He didn't know that you had to be at single digits to be on stage. We were literally right where you're standing. He's like, I got to get down to single digits. And then you go, yeah, that's how you get your glutes in. Oh, that's why my glutes have never been on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's what the potential is there. So it's great. It's excited where he's going to go. Where he was, how far he's going to take that. So absolutely. Really, really inspiring to see guys like that as well. Yeah. Well, and you, as well, 21 years old, term pro at 19, top six in his first pro show in the stack show. Most people also, and I'm going to go ahead and warn them, would not do as stacked of a show as he did, right? So that way he could have possibly been in the top three or even maybe one depending on the quality of show that he was doing. But he just went up against, again, probably the third largest stacked show outside the Olympia, the Arnold was Pittsburgh and New York pro. Those are the, those are the top shows. Right. And I don't believe he didn't New York though. You just did. No, yeah. I decided to just rebound after that. Got you. But again, Pittsburgh was stacked. You had, you know, rough diesel, who did a great job at that show. And I just think that right now, the great thing is with Chris not being the front runner right now, it, you know, it really opens up the field. So all of you hungry young ones are all chasing after that crown, which is great. And I feel like you are, again, setting a trend for the next generation of bodybuilders. I appreciate that. Yeah, I'm trying, that's, that's one of my biggest goals to inspire the young guys and to go, to get, to get after, you know, chase wherever close they have. And then, you know, potentially achieve the things that nobody has achieved before. And, you know, for me doing Pittsburgh and seeing myself next to guys like Terrence, and Terrence, and Josema, it was really, really eye-opening to see where, you know, where I need to go and how much work I still need to put in. So that was like the best experience I could have had, doing the more stack show rather than just like qualifying, placing like third-callowed deal in Pia. It's not something I'm looking forward to doing. I want to see myself with the best and, you know, perform, and my best. So that's what pushes me forward as well. Work for fillet, you know, going in. It's, uh, first couple of years off after qualifying even. And then decided to go in and, was top three in his first open Olympia. So again, guys, we're going to go ahead and hit some chest. Let's crush this. What's up guys? Very excited to announce that I finally getting ready to launch my own FST7 transformation challenge. It's going to be a six week transformation challenge. And the winner will receive $5,000. That's right. $5,000 to the winner with the biggest transformation. It's open to men and women of all ages. It's going to be a six week challenge. You're going to be able to get all the information on the FST7 app to be the best version of yourself. Very excited. This is my first transformation challenge. It's going to be August 11th that we're going to be kicking it off. So make sure you go to honeyrambaud.com for all the information. Can not wait to see your photos. And seeing if you're going to be the best version of yourself. So what we're going to do is we're going to kind of warm up with it a little bit. Okay. And then we're just really going to get a nice stretch. Put some blood in there before we go into your compound. Good stretch. All the way up. All the way up. All the way up. There you go. Now down. Good. Good. Nice tempo. About two seconds. It's a little faster breathe in. Breathe out. Good. Exaggerate stretch at the very top. Good. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Just two more. Up. Up. Good. Even higher. Get a really nice stretch. There you go. Right there. One more just like that. Good job. Good. Good. All right. So what we're going to do is I'm going to bring this down just one. So it gives you ability to just stretch a little further. And we can bend at the waist. So what I want you to do is I don't want you to be so far upright and pull down. What I want you to do is almost like if you're leaning forward and doing a cable fly. Got it. And nice thing about the ponata standing flight is the fact that you can manipulate your body up down left and right. So well. I recommend being a little farther back on the platform and then bending over slightly and stretching. And like I said, just try to simulate think of Arnold back in the day when he was doing cable flies. Yes, yeah. Out here. We want to really get that nice stretch out in here. Don't stop. Go further back. Got it. Okay. Go further back. So we're going to add just a little bit more weight. Maybe go to like 100. There you go. Again. Chest down. Chest down. Good. Good. Good. Bring your pull body back a little bit. Think your head off the pad. Put your head down in front of the pad like that lower. Higher up, higher. That's better. Now squeeze. Good. Good. Good. There you go. That's a better stretch. Good. Keep going. Keep going. Good. Now what I want you to do is I want you to open your hands at the very bottom at the midpoint. Go all the way down at the midpoint. Down, down, down, down, down. Bring your hands together. And that's where you squeeze. Go, go, go. There you go. Oh yeah. Good. Because palms open as you come together. So as you converge open your hands. Open. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Now as you go up, bring your chest down. Down. Down. Bring your head down. That's it. As your hands come up. Down, down, down, down. Let me push you down. Right there. I got nice squeeze. There you go. Hands go up. Chest comes down. Stretch. Stretch. Down, down, down, down, down, down. Again. Good. Good. Higher. Higher. There you go. Again. Good. Again. Stretch and drive. Good. Good. Stretch. Stretch. You feeling it? Yes, sir. Good. One more. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good. There you go. That's it. Do you feel a difference? Yes, sir. Yeah. I definitely feel when I push my chest forwards. Right. Yeah, that stretch. So as your arm goes back, chest goes down. And then force the stretch. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got it. Yeah. There you go. Because before you were just stopping here, and you want to be here. Yeah. I got it almost even push myself back. Yeah. Instead of going forward. That's right. But I definitely noticed when that whatever my palms are open, I get way better squeeze. Yeah. That's a big really nice contraction. Yeah. Kind of opens up the sweep. It's a little bit of weight. It's a little bit of weight. It feels really pumped from that. That's great. But it's good range of motion. And it's that force stretch. You're just not limiting your range of motion. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. 5. Now you're going to be just 3 more. 1. 2. 1 more. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. Now we're going to raise the weight. And we're going to go into our first working set. Cool. Good. Good stretch. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. More. And then don't forget. Bring your chest down. Into it. There you go. Lean into it. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Excellent. Keep rolling. Keep rolling. Keep rolling. Keep rolling. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep rolling. Up. Up. Chest down. Stretch. Good. Three more. Three more. One. Two hold it there. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Another rep. Up. Stretch. Stretch. Push it down. Good. One more. Together. Hold. Hold. Good job. No. Let's raise the weight. Good. Put it to 220. You'll be able to handle it. There you go. Got this pumping me up. Good. Good. We're going to get pumped going on. 100%. Good. Squeeze your chest. Let's see if it looks right here. This is going to light. Okay. You see how you're pushing your shoulder blades together and your delts together. Don't pinch your don't pinch your backs. Stay there you go. That's better. That's how you do it. Good. There you go. Good. Bring your hands just a little higher up and bring your head again. Exactly the way you had your hands perfect. Good. Make a fist here. Like that. Hold that. Good. Chest up. Good. Stay wide. Wide elbows out a little bit. There you go. Get on those lats. Bend those elbows up. And bring your shoulders up a little bit higher. Like that. And then bring down like that. Yeah. That's it. Good. Good. Squeeze your, squeeze your chest. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. Squeeze without pushing your shoulders together. Squeeze that's better. That's better. That's going to teach us F-C-7. Yeah. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze your chest. Good job. Okay. So what he was doing wrong was he was just pushing his shoulders together. Right? You're not squeezing your actual chest by doing that. You're just squeezing your shoulders. And you're just trying to be more narrow if I'm 100%. You're right. So that's a good tip. Thank you. Yeah. So you want to stay wide and then get your lats out. Then go ahead and flex your packs. So you can actually see the strations. And that's going to get better in my muscle connection in between those sets. So you're going to feel a lot of difference. And get a lot of chest growth out. I feel like I was just standing there in that, like holding it here. Yeah. 30 seconds. Oh my god. Sorry. Feel as much bump as after I said. So what you're going to do? You're going to do four reps. And then you can tell me if you're going to be able to go to failure in eight, or if it's still light when you need to raise the weight. All right. So let's go. Go. One. I could probably do a little bit more. Okay. Good. This raises weight. Good. Raise the weight. What do you think? What do you think? Two, 40. Yep. This would be a good eight. Yep. Good. Let's go. Let's go. Good. Control. Good. Good. Push forward. Go. Two. Good. Stretch. Stretch. Three. Good. Four. Halfway there. Easy. Five. Six. Stretch. Seven. Eight. Keep going. Nine. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. 10. Hold it. Two more. Just like that. One more. Hold it. Five seconds. Four. Three. Good job. Stretch. Chest down. Good job. Excellent. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. How's it pump? Really good. All the lines are gone. There you go. Yep. Now you've got to blacken blue. You've got to sort of see all that blood right there. Let's stand right there. And then the same shot. Okay. Make sure we did it right. That's better. Good. Good. Bend the knees a little bit. So you can get a little more quad-filid there. You go. If that looks good. There you go. Good. Good. Let's fix that. Oh yeah. That's better. Good. Tighten that up. There you go. There you go. Good. Hold it. I want to see a little more strations in the upper chest. Squeeze that. There you go. Don't bring your shoulders together. Just squeeze. That's better. Bend your elbows out a little bit more. Hands up a little bit right there. A little higher. Hands up. Right there. Box most muscular. Hold that. Hold that. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. One relax. Catch a breath. Good. Catch a breath. Catch a breath. Just like your own stage, right? You're posing. Catch a breath. Yeah. Go ahead and try and get like learn how to breathe through my chest. Yep. Rather than my stomach. Good. Now go straight to your side chest. Set your legs up. Good. Put some weight on it. Okay. You're up on your toe too much. There you go. There you go. Now put some weight more on the ball of your foot. Right there. Right there. Good. Notice how your legs and your glutes are popping more. Don't go up on your toe because you're not going to be able to put tension on the quad and the hamstring. So bend the toe a little bit more and then as you pull. That's right. So then you've got to turn here and then put weight on it. There you go. Good. That's better. Good. Now push. That's it. That's good. Set up the upper body. Lower body. Set. Perfect. Okay. Now you're pulling down from here. Don't do that. Pull all the air from your midsection up into your chest and go into your side chest. Big chest. Pull all the air into your chest. Seabed. That's the way you do it. That's the way you hold it. There you go. Good. Perfect. Take it from those hands. Like that. There you go. Good. Stay big. Good. Right there. Hold that. Good. Upper chest is pumped. Better here. Get in the back. Hold that. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Good job. There you go. Much better. See how much bigger you look? Yeah. Yeah. I tend to crunch down to show my beliefs, usually. But you can do that still. But the initial pose is right. That's right. And then you can turn around and then you can blow out. You can turn around. You do a lot of things. But the initial. It's full and wide. Yeah. Yeah. Because I feel like I'm just, you're going to fall in for it. That's right. Don't do that. Because you're showing small. Don't do that. You have plenty of size maximized it. Yeah. Yeah. You need a little bit more. Yeah. But you've got to show everything you have. That's why posing is so important. Again, every single person out there needs to pose. Why? Because if you are going to eventually compete, you want to be able to show off what you're doing in terms of hard work in the gym. You're not cut yourself short by not being able to present properly because they cannot turn around as judges in a sum that that muscles there if they can't see it, they can't judge it. You need to be able to exactly show the most amount of muscle separation. Everything in its entirety, if you want the judges to score you properly. So again, don't cut yourself off by being weak in the gym and not posing. Because that's something you have to do on stage. You don't lift weights on stage. You pose. You're so good. Go, go, go. Two. Three. Good. Do you feel that stretch? Yes. Good. Good. Again, good. Good. Good. Try straightener your arms a little bit more as you come down. Straighten your arms. That's better. Oh, yes. La harder. Go. Together. One more. Good. Solid foundation in your core. Tight. Drive. One more. This is it. Squeeze. Goal that. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero up. Slow. Good stretch. Good stretch. Chest down. Excellent. That's how you do it. Yes, sir. Good job. Good job. Oh, yeah. I'm so good. There you go. Good. Good. Now we're going to do it again. Remember, do not do a low row into it. Do a mid row into it. Go here and then push that air into the chest on both sides. Tows up on the left. On the left toe up. And then set up that lower body. Go up on that toe. Peak the calf. Peak the calf. Right there. Hold that. Good. Just like that. Good. You started low again. Go back. Up, up, up, higher. Get your hands up. Yeah, it's better. That's better. Much better. Hold that. Just like that. Hold that. Squeeze that chest. Squeeze that chest. Two. One. Good job. Who? There you go. There you go. There you go. Yeah, that's, uh, I need to stay balanced. You gotta do that. Yes. You gotta do that. Right. Because we can tell right now. You have a more developed right side. You right side dominant. You're, you're posing on your left as well. Yeah. Make it weak. I feel like I also have like a weird insertion down here. So slightly different than my right. Yeah. Well, you're going to end up seeing it a little bit more because you're going to do a line. Yeah. But you're just going to have to be able to pose through that and make sure that you make those slightly adjustments. Yeah. Got it. All right. So it's going to a pressing motion now. So let's go into that plenata in client press. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Just eight reps. Good. Just eight reps. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Six. Good. Good. Stretch. Seven. Good. Refete flat. And drive. Good job. Good. Put down. Okay. Let's add some weight. You want to go a quarter? You want to play. I can do a play. Okay. And then we're going to rest a little bit longer on these. So again, remember, he could have done another couple of reps, but we don't want to go to fatigue. We want to go to failure. Now we're going to go ahead. That was a feeler rep set for eight reps. Now we're going to go ahead. Take about a two minute break. So that way he's not going to fatigue. And then we're going to do his focus on being sure that that upper chest really fires. Good. Good. Good stretch. Good stretch. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep going. Go, go. Good. You got three. You got three. You got three. You got three. One. Excellent. Two. Could you keep flat? Do you core tight? Now drive. Good. Up. Up. Up. Up. Up. You got this right. Good. Keep your butt down. Hold it. Hold it. Good. Slow. Slow. I'm going to help you. Explode. Right there. Hold it. I'm going to let go. Nice and slow. Good job. Good job. Thank you. Cool. There you go. How's your set when the sweat is just going to be terrible? Good job. Good job. Working. Very comfortable. You can use your gloves and make sure you're drinking in between. Whether it's just water, water, hydration, and you know as it's usually like scoop with two pump products. Yep. Yes. Some carbs. Awesome. The big thing is just making sure also, as you're pushing, you're not allowing your butt to lift, you got to keep your hips down because you want to be able to keep that stretch and then as you're driving, you're not moving out of the seat. So just make sure you anchor yourself a little bit more because as you're handling more poundages here makes a huge difference. So don't be afraid to keep your hips down and keep your feet flat and even if you have to drive your glutes into the seat, keep it there for stability. Good. There you go. That's better. Good. Better hand grip. Good. That's better. Good. Better shoulder width. Good. Pull the right side. Good. Pull the right side out a little bit more on the right side. There you go. Better. Nice. Nice. Just. Yep. Let's go. Good. Put some weight on the foot. Always. Here he goes. Always set your body up from the feet up. Okay. Don't set up your upper body until your lower body is planted. Yeah. I'm just going to just thing like why like this. Set your feet. Good. Now go ahead. Yeah. That's better. Good. Bring your lat out a little bit and bring your arm on top of the lat like that. There you go. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. You can tell that a lot of the tissue is still new. That's why it's still not striated yet because it's starting to just definitely just develop. But the great thing about it is that you're starting to see all through the upper collar bone area. You've got really good depth to the muscle and you're just starting to get more separated. So as you start to get harder and later you're going to start seeing all of that hard work from the last two years just kind of come in. Especially you know you don't always see it a lot of people get disgruntled because they don't see it on stage because you're always trying to balance that dryness and your lower body and your glutes and your hamstrings. And then to get yourself to really push and become 3D you got to be able to do you really really, really full. But you also don't want to get so full that you spill and then you lose the lines and your legs or your glutes and hamstrings. So it's always a balancing act as you're doing that. I feel like having this time where I'm just like saladating the tissue and making it more concrete and just like we call it a marinade. Yeah. Yeah. Because I've never been this heavy. Especially this body fed. My last off season was only like 227, 269, 230 pretty much and you're lost in the stage lean. Yeah. And just a good rebound that's what gives me good good good good. Good. Again. 3 good. 4. 5. Good. 6. Excellent. 7. Good. 6. Excellent. 7. Good. 5. With me. With me. You got 8. 2 more. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. Good. He had the NSS squirreling. Yeah. Yeah. It's good though. Yeah. You see how black and blue he's getting. Again, when you're lighter skin tone, you can really start seeing that blood pool. And that's where you see a lot of that black and blue that ends up happening. Yeah. Yeah. There's so much blood in the field. I do try walking outside to get some tan. Yeah. It doesn't stick for me. Yeah. You got your ginger, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's odd. Like some of you see your penis like they get really tan. Yeah. But with me, I'm like, I can't get like kind of golden tan. Maybe I think I'll take it to the mic. And you know, it looks like you got like maybe they came over. You know what, that's what I mean. I did my like genetic testing. And so yeah, I did it whole whole. The whole panel and basically says I'm 99.3% Ukrainian, which I did think it had some kind of kind of a kind of a kind of organic. That 0.7% is showing. Yeah. Hands as you come down together. Good. Go. There you go. There you go. Nice and strong today. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Keep it going. Keep it going. Keep it going. Excellent. Just two more. Two more. Good. Now it's last one. I want you to hold it. Give it a three second pause at the very bottom. And then go now right all the way top top top top. Hold it. Now there's three seconds there. One, two. Good job back. Back slowly. Now it's at a little bit of weight. You can handle a little bit more. You're going to do either a 10 or a plate. I never had any injuries up until that because you guys are just so lean for so long. And you mostly happens because I don't get bodywork done like the 200% because I never did a job. I don't have any injuries or myself training because my training is pretty good. I do control negatives and you know, I don't go too exposed. I used to train like a little bit more psychotic but I've calmed down because I realized you know, I want the longevity in the sports so training is the one thing you could kind of offer you quickly. Sure. So. So that's why I'm like just like mentally. Like I could do it. I could push the river but I know I'm like I'm already like how I'm already having a lot of pain. And now like it's like the more I can kind of go into showing you know you're not 100% you know what I mean? Yeah. That's why you know it's best for me not to rush and just be there whenever I'm ready. You know what I mean? And then actually after Pittsburgh, Chris Bumsley came off to me and he was like, you got to give me this whole speech about like you just have to do it your pace. You know, there's always no way to pace. But for everyone it's different but like I know what I need to do. And now I just need to take it slowly. Yeah. But I'm ready to compete and get the experience. But to go for like the highest. I still need time. So that's why my best, my best chance to get the qualification right now and then keep growing. Yeah. Yeah. Take your time now. Because even if I qualify between 25 I don't think I should have done that. You shouldn't. I'm going to be honest with you. You know, I held back a lot of my guys. But yeah, you know, after Pittsburgh, I was actually talking to Phil too, but this whole thing. Because we somehow, we couldn't find a place to get to go get food and then like last second we went back to the venue and everyone was there. I think you were there too. It was a, do you remember what the place goes? Yeah. Oh yeah. That was the only place I was open. Yeah. Yeah. I was there with my videoographer. Yeah. And that's when I met Phil. I was there with Chris. Chris. Yeah. Yeah. It was with Sherry by the window and then we went in the corner and we were trying to think I saw you walk by. Yeah. And then yeah. So Phil gave me a whole speech about like having the longevity about it and everything. That's what I just clicked in my head. I was like, okay. But then like my eager mind wanted to do Texas real quick and like see to show that that's the problem to be honest with you with you being 21. Yeah. That's the thing. That's what Dallas is issue was, too. Dallas wanted too far too fast. Yeah. That, you know. That's the thing. I've already, I already did my pro debut. I kind of like, as I said, did my toes in the water and I know what to. Well, no exactly what I need to do. Like I'm still not there. You know what I mean? It really opened my eyes to the point where like, okay. If I keep trying, trying, I'm not going to make improvements. Not only you're not going to be improvements, you're more likely to get hurt and then also burned out your body. So you got to remember there's an area under the curve, right? So the way the area under the curve works is that you have a career and if you try to force too much in two short of a time, what's going to happen is your receptors, your body, everything sends a shut down. So you might peak faster, but you'll also burn out faster too. You know, versus like, with the way we worked with Phil was that like, all the years was always the first year was like we did two shows. We did New York pro and then we did his first show which was the Denver and then we took it and then we took it and you're off. And he qualified, he won two shows and he qualified, but I kept them out. Right? That's the right way. Second year, he placed top five, we went to the Arnold, top five, qualified. Because back then, top five was qualification. He still, I said, no, you know what I know here. Then we turned around, made some adjustments. He won the Iron Man at the second to the Dexter and Arnold. And then I said, now you're ready. And then he does the Olympia and he places top three. Right? So that's crazy. That's yeah. That's a tough, because then obviously you have the longevity you have. You have longevity and you need to take title after title. Tidal, keep coming back better. Tidal after title after title after title after title. Seven times. Seven times. You know, probably could have been eight or nine actually because the first one he went up against Jay in 2010 that one, that could have been either way. Yeah, that was controversial on that side, but you know, again. But then even the last one, he saw, you know, I think he should have beat Sean Nashio too. But it was also there were so fixated on his stomach that it was, it became a thing as well. But that would have been nine. But it is what it is. It was the greatest. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. But yeah, so I got the opportunity to talk to him after Pittsburgh. He gave me like a whole speech about, you know, how to be a pro, like a real pro. How to treat your fans, how to make a, like a long career. Did you send him a check? I wish I had enough money to send the check. Well, he can do eight or not for him. I just did advice. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Phil, he owes you when he wins. He's going to owe you some money on that one. That's it. Let's go. Yeah, I do owe money for that. Good. Good. Excellent. Good. Good. Good. Good. Light. Light. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Good. Again. Good. Push. Good. Again. Stretching squeeze. Good. Again. Squeeze. Two more. Squeeze. Oh, good. One more. Squeeze. Cold it. Hold it right there. Five. Four. Chest up. Chest up. Good. Good. Slow. Slow. Good job. That's it. Oh, yeah. Good. Good. And go up to a plate now. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, even though I didn't place good, like my opinion, Pittsburgh, which was still a good placing obviously. Oh, it was a great place. But it was it gave me enough experience to like, especially with the people I met all the networking. They just completely turned my head around. And it was kind of a God's plan that I didn't do Texas because it would have been too much. And I knew it was rushing here because all the issues that I had put on would have come off. Right away. Right now it's great for me just like, hold it. But it was like, yeah, I always gave it my all, but first it was just like, just because I loved it. Now I'm like, understanding the longevity effect and like what impact I'm leaving as I'm doing this, you know? It's kind of like, I'm looking into like, not just what I'm getting from it, but what I'm leaving behind, you know, and I'm trying to be as long as possible obviously. So totally changed the mindset. And if I like, because that's how always did like I never, I did a show, then off season the show. I never like did compete like that back and forth, but there was the best thing for me to call after Pittsburgh obviously. Yeah. Everything happens for a reason. Yeah. There's always a learning moment. Okay. There you go. Good arch. Now go push with the pinkies. There you go. Good. And the ring finger. Drive. Again, good. Much better. Good. Keep the tension. Now drive. Good. Keep it moving. Keep it moving. Good. Good. Shoulders back. Shoulders back and drive. That's better. Good. Good. It's almost going to feel a little awkward. There you go. Good. Good. Again. Good. Now squeeze a little further. Squeeze. Squeeze. Right there. Now help you with the name. There you go. Help you with the positive. Good. Again. One more. Just like that. Together. Right there. Hold it. Slow. Slow. Good job. There you go. Oh yeah. That's it. Good. I'm going to go to the point right there. I feel like I have it in me. Oh yeah. Let's see if most muscular or not light right there. Right where you're at. Now let's see. Let me see what you do. Like give it to a crab. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see what that looks like. There you go. Squeeze. Okay. Now squeeze your. Do it again. But squeeze your chest a little sooner before your hands come together. There you go. Boom. There you go. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Good job. There you go. I do like the crab a lot too. Yeah. Yeah. It looks good. You just got to make sure you activate your chest a little sooner into it. Don't a lot of the things that you activate it right when you're off. I often just tend to like just squeeze my shoulder together. That's my thing. Yeah. That's why you'll continue to grow your chest. Once you start getting your mind muscle connection with chest more. Yeah. Let's grab. I gradually became weaker on chest. I'm just going to connect with it better. Well it's because you're actually using your chest and not your shoulder. When I was like 18, I was like repin' out 365. Yeah. And now I'm like, oh, now you 75. Yeah, now your chest is twice as big. Yeah. It's funny how it works. Yeah. It is five. And drive. Boom. Good. Good. Drive. Excellent. Again. Good. That's a good way. That's a good way to go. Good. Keep it moving. Keep it moving. There you go. Good. Keep it moving. Good. Good. Three more. Three more. One. Two. Good job. Good. We hope each other way. We can. I'm more belly fat for those of helpful foods for tea. Yeah. That's yesterday we were able to cook something up with for my blood. Like, actual, like, actual was wearing a two-two a day. He went to a ballet thing and they had a two-two on it. Yeah. He was like that. Did you do it? No. No. I don't know. You got a baby for that. Yeah. I'm so awkward with dancing and stuff. Like, that's just it. I feel like I could go dance, like, but I need to be like tipsy for that. Yeah. You're like, I got to go a little drink on. You're going to turn up for that. That's for that. I can't be bothering out there. That's it. That's it. You're working on it. You feel like the tooth fairy kind of, like, how do you rock it at it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like pumping iron. That's what we're aiming for. She's ballerina. I'm trying to be trying to get that. But they were shirts, picture and articles like, didn't like that. Play that. Yeah. Yeah. We bought the last year's Olympia was one of the booths. I can see what's still where every day. Yeah. This is the day. Guys is feet man. I dated ballerina. Her feet had to get searched. I didn't get surgery several times because it just destroys your toe. My toes have brain cells. I don't like it. I don't like toes. That's crazy. Have you ever seen it? It's like the worst. The feet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My ankles are very flexible. Like squats. I can get like full them. I would just lay. I would. Yeah. Yeah. You can talk. I did. I did a gallery. Yeah. Everyone's the thing. Friends are like holy. That was so sick. But you're going to tell us about it? You know, I haven't tried in a long time because it's been like just I haven't done it since. That was a done. How's it going? Oh wow. You haven't seen my videos. That's really for a 50 year old man. Yeah. I've seen it. It's just really up because I was having so many back problems because I've been so tight. So every time I just... I mean, always the hips that like tighten up your backs. That's my hips. But I had it. I had to see my so as because my so as your legs. So I was always quite dominant. Yeah. If a doctor gets like a doctor and your hip they're interconnected. So usually my doctors are tight and it goes to my hip and my lower back. So that's why I'm always working on like the stretch. Yeah. You're trying to massage it out like here. Yeah. Yeah. I was literally with massage again right before this like just going down to my doctors. Something more out. Maybe maybe if you're nice to her, she'll... Like her is right. And I'm a massage woman done to her. Oh. Yeah. She's a big help. We make a great team. That's awesome. That's why I put a ring on it. Yeah. We're engaged now. Are you? Congratulations. That's awesome. Yeah. When was that? Like a week and a half after Pittsburgh? After Pittsburgh? Yeah. She's like, oh, if she dealt with me during the my prep I better put a ring on it. Yeah. That was that. She stuck through the words. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be the Ross form of yourself as when you get ready for a show. That's it. Really? Yeah. That's good. That's good. That's good. Control. And drive. Good. Good. Little higher up. Good. Good. Little lower. Good. Right there. Excellent. Keep moving. Keep moving. Keep moving. Come on. Good. Good. Good. And drive. Good. Good. Good. You got two. You got two. One more. All the way up. Up. Up. Now lock it. There you go. Good job. I'm so dead. You got to play that. You're like, okay, I'm done. How do you feel my tries? Good job. Yeah. Well, also you're going to have to really strengthen your triceps because you keep mentioning that. So if you want to be a chest, you're going to have to have really strong tries. Yeah. So that you can be able to make sure that the tries. For me, it was like, I was always pressing my tries and my shoulders. When I first started out, and I, now it's just like a habit. You know? So they will engage each time my chest gives out. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And they're going to continue to. But that's why you got to really work on making sure that you're working on your. Yeah. Post-cript bench. Post-cript. Yeah. That's, that's something I haven't done in the wild, too. Yeah. I would definitely incorporate that back in to help with those arms because you're not only going to be able to. I need that outer. Two. Yeah. It was my long head to D-San. But I still need more like out here. Yeah. You're going to have to do the first three D. Yeah. I'm getting on the news split. Finally, my quad is already feeling good. And just, I need to still get it like released. So it fully feels good. Because it's got like, just a little bit more tension than my left. But at least it's all healed up. Which is nice when you're young, everything feels fast. Yeah. Yeah. I healed quick. Like my hamstring looked terrifying. It was all purple. Oh wow. It was right like two weeks. What were you doing? So I wasn't doing anything. It was just tight from training. And then I was rolling out. And I was rolling out and it split. Because I'm pretty flexible. And I had like the roller right here. And I could just feel it pop. Wow. Just because I wasn't getting enough bodywork. Mm-hm. So it just the muscle so tense. Oh. It was. Oh wow. Yeah. It's like healed within two weeks. So fully purple here. This is just like standing. His entire leg. Mm. Oh wow. Yeah. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look how black and blue. It's not protein. That's just, yeah. And then that's literally. This was April, April 24th. And then this is back in back double by right here. Yeah. Okay. Double by. Yeah. It wasn't the same. So it's your week. Let me see that first. Yeah. Yeah. My body was really flat there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When you say you're only three hours. No. There was a lot of callouts with us. Us three. Yeah. Yeah. Physician. That was for Samuel. His back is just incredible. Yeah. It was a really good show. That's why I was saying like, you know, Most people wouldn't pick that for their first show. Yeah. They would pick something like this or something like that to be able to. Yeah. And so I was so excited to go go do like rebound. Do Texas real quick. Which was too soon, you know. So kind of got showed me that it's better to just hold off a little bit for sure. Well, yeah. Because if the call I think they didn't happen, I would have probably like something else would have gone wrong with Texas. Very possibly. Because I feel like it was just too soon. Yeah. Because if the call I think they didn't happen, I would have probably like something else would have gone wrong with Texas. Very possibly. Because I feel like it was just too soon. Yeah. Take your time. She was able to tell us. She was like, take your time. I was already starting to feel stressed like putting too much pressure on myself just for that show. Which was supposed to be like a stress free show that I don't know now. So you know what I mean? And I ended up like holding off. Best thing that they did, because now I'm like basically doing nothing maintaining this shape. Just letting the muscle count marinators you said. Mm-hmm. It's good. Come on. Oh. I had calves and had the long go to their palms. All right. Let's go. Yep. Unhook. Stretch and squeeze good. Good. Right there. Again. Good. Good. Good. Really push the peak. That's it. All the way. Good. Nice stretch. Good. Drive. Right there. Good. Again. Good. Again. Good. You got it. You got it. Go. Good. One more. With me. Yep. Good job. Good job. Good job. Oh. There you go. Yeah. That was a squeeze for me. Really good. That was in trice of the actually that was a little chest. Good. Squeeze right there. See what that looks like. Squeeze. Good. Sheen up like that. Hold it. Squeeze the legs. Push. There you go. Good. Squeeze that chest. Look forward. Look forward. Squeeze that chest. Squeeze. Squeeze that upper chest. That's it. Stay wide. There you go. Good. Hold that. Hold that. Show the arm width. There you go. Like that. Good. Good pump. For sure. Very black and blue still. Yes. All the way through. Good. Good job. That's the magic of having some pump product clean. So always stay pumped. Let's see what the front will actually turn. Okay. So you have an asymmetry with your left shoulder and your right. So what you need to do is really build up that right side a bit more because you have an over development on the left versus your right. So I think it could be. It could be. It's like right here. Mm-hmm. So go back to your front relax and you'll see it. I think it's also just the winter handling. So you go. Just a little more development through there. So I think that your body's compensating a little bit. So make sure that you get some body work done to open up both sides and then a little extra work on the right would really help you to be able to help that fullness to be able to match up with your left. You know, different to slice it. Good. Good. Sight chest. Okay. Now do it again. And then bring your air into that chest and stay big through the chest and we'll see how that looks. Good. Good. Just stay up like that. Like that. There you go. Squeeze. Good. Good. Now bring your foot a little bit more flat. There you go. Like that. There you go. Stay there. It's a little bit more flat. There you go. Stay there. It's a little bit more flat. There you go. Stay there. There you go. And then pull this tight and bring it up. Like that. Good. Just a little higher up with the hand. Just a little higher up there. Good. There you go. Good. Turn around so you're back the little. Okay. Loving forward just a little bit because of the lighting. I know. Not back. Like that for the lighting. There you go. Good. And bring your arms down. There you go. Good. Because when your arms are too high it makes your lats go away. Okay. So it'll bring some more thickness in. If your shoulders are down a little lower. Don't be here. Come down here. I think it's filled. Right. Like filled. Down and then straight. Okay. There you go. Good. That's better. Down. Good. Bring those elbows down. There you go. There you go. Good. Don't lean back so much. There you go. Good. Good. Yeah. He's what you're doing is you're over rotating your shoulders and then you become all shoulders. I'm more narrow. And he'll look narrow. Yeah. That's why I noticed. I just, I don't know why I think somebody told me to get more. I'll provide a detail. If I go a little bit more. Up. You know what I mean? No. He just said, you lose your lats. Yeah. You lose your lats. I could just feel it because I contract them with him down. Yep. Yep. That's it again. You set up a little bit. Set up a little bit. When you're doing the back pose, sit your home with you. Yeah. Like that. There you go. Just got a little bit more light. Good. Bring your elbows back. Bring your elbows back. Show your tree. No. Bring your elbows back. Let me see your tree. That's better. Good. There you go. Good. Don't lean back so much. Like that. Like that. Right there. Hold that. Right there. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. I see that. I definitely need more like outer lats. Mm-hmm. Even more. But yeah. Yeah. You got to engage your lower lats and you're not doing that when you're up here. Yeah. When you're up here, it's all upper. Mm-hmm. Hold that. I can tell what you set. Kind of into the fire a little bit better. There you go. See. Yeah. With my leg position, I could impossible my knee elbow or lower on the left. Yeah. But you see how much more you're going to get more separation. Yeah. Yeah. You have to get that lower back because if you're way up here, your back's going to just engage. Good. Good. There you go. Good. There you go. Like that. Don't lean back so much. Right there. Right there. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good. You know that. I've got to get body work to. Yeah. Because I just hit back. I think it's just your posing. It's just that you were just used to bring your arms too far and then you're overroating here. So you're seeing all of this. So you need to do this a lot. People too like, you know, more of what it does. Kind of around two's back. Yeah. Thank you for some more of the more thickness. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In the like, like, this is good. Like, you go like around it. Like this. Yeah. I do not like that. Yeah. Because you lose all your separation. You know. Yeah. Well, I would listen to them. There's a judge. Yeah. I would listen to other. Yeah. Let me see a last spread just for fun. Because I know you don't do it on stage. But let's see. Because you get a good mind muscle connection going. Good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. That's where you can really see you need to fill in those lats and that bat just thicken up that back. Yeah. Yeah. So I would definitely make sure you're posing your lats spread because you'll be able to really once that starts to thicken up, then you'll know how much better your back double body steps going to be. Yeah. I know there's a more I have a, like I said, that gap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Turn around and let me see your ab thigh. Good. Good. Good. There you go. Good. That's what you're, what's your pose of choice? Usually I do this once. And then I think I want to incorporate the front lattis well and then to go the three fourth Arnold. Okay. So I'm going to use two or three for that. List of name. Okay. Try. And then go sit from that. Good. Separate your legs. Yes. Just really separate them off top. Yeah. That's the one you, and you, and you, and you, and you hurt. Okay. But it is so the work's going on. You can just see. Yeah. More than maybe a little bit more more down here. Got you. But it's back. I'll probably do the transition. How I can go into it. So let's start with this one. Good. Good. There you go. There's little lattis. There you go. There you go. There you go. Good. Good. Good. Good job. Yeah. It's still something I'm working on. Good job. Yeah. Yeah. Just keep going and continue. You got great physique. All you got to do is just keep refining it. Try not to rush it. That's it. Just try not to rush it. Yeah. Yeah. You did a good job today. Yeah. I've really tried my best. Yeah. You did. Awesome opportunity. I got it. And then I'll listen to all the advice. Sure. To the highest of my extending. Yeah. And just make sure you focus on your posing so that between your sets also add in the posing. After you're training while you're pumped up because if you can do it then you won't have any problems doing it on stage. So yeah. I just do rounds and rounds. Something I never did because I kind of just like pay attention to the listing aspect of food. But buying it really spying really has to you know, explore the art. That's right. Imposing is like one of the biggest things. You got to do it. Display. Which you have. Good job. Awesome. All right guys. So again, we got Anton's journey. You can go ahead and follow him on social media and make sure if you're anywhere in Texas. You're going to want to see the San Antonio Pro. That's going to be coming up. So again, follow him on his Instagram page as well as on YouTube. He's going to be documenting the whole process and making those little refinements. They're going to show big, big changes by the time he gets on stage. On your round by 25 time Olympia winning coach Anton, IFBB Pro. Peace.

=== FILE: YOUNGLA BLOCK PARTY & TIPS TO STAY HEALTHY WHILE TRAVELING [MaHLlUyNX78].txt ===

I heard by my mother chat and chat. I can't feel that what's good is really sick. It's split. My bad frees is sprint. It's longer for Tuesday, five down in these freaks. It's an 11-goofall forward. It's something sure. It's extra. You want to value it. Oh, my God, big mud turtable kid. Shout out, scoping off, like talk it. If it's in ex-subrid, the highest floor, the whole world who goes goes behind your ideas. Also close to cut their best shots. We are ready to go to Miami for the young LA event. It's going to be awesome. We got big Ronnie. He's coming. We got Jay. Another legend. And then we're going to have the trend winds. We got the whole crew going. Shizzy. So I can't wait to catch up with everybody. We're going to have a great time. So this is going to be a blast. Let's go to the bus. We're going to go grab dinner with some of the crew that's based out here in Florida, part of our Evigen Sales team. We got Donnie and G. We're going to go ahead and go to places. Pretty famous. Komodo. Let's go try it. See if it's any good. Or it's all hype. Just going over some of the workouts from the FSC7 app. I'm going to hit a quick chest workout before we go to the young LA block party here in a few minutes. So again today's chest day. I've been hitting the last five days on my fitness journey with this challenge with all of you guys that are a part of it. And if you're not, definitely you can kind of track what I'm going to be doing for the next five more weeks because it's been week one is almost completed of the challenge. And I'm going to hit up my crew workout. Obviously, huge, huge believer in a queue. That's why I made our glistoral solution six years ago. And it's cool to see that other brands are now starting to jump on board. And we've been educating on that for over half a decade on that product. But doing that with some extreme because I want to get pumped up and also have some focus in extra energy. So instead of caffeine this morning, I didn't do any coffee. I'm just doing a scoop of extreme. Half a lid of a queue, apple to go with the watermelon. And then hit some chest. So I got Nick back home, Evelyn Nick, who hit chest today. And I got us to keep up with him even though we're traveling, no excuses. We're going to get this done. And the biggest thing is consistency. I don't think I've been this consistent years where I went five days on one day off here. Yesterday, while we were traveling, to get day off, I was super sore. Today, I definitely felt better. I got nine hours sleep and eight and a half hours sleep. So I've been tracking everything on my ordering to give you a little taste of what I'm doing on that in. Also, aura helps track that. So if you use aura, you could use all kinds of programs. But I got my 84 sleep score, which I'm very, very proud of, then on top of that, total sleep was at eight hours and 30 minutes. How much I would get for the entire week of the Mr. Olympia eight hours and 30 minutes a week? And I got that, I don't want to die. So again, it also tells you you're rammed, you're deep sleep. I went to bed late last night, which that's the timing. It took me eight minutes to fall asleep. And everything else, you know, efficiencies at 92%, feel like a million bucks. Mental clarity is great between the sleep and being able to get the workouts in early and being able to do that before my day starts is a huge, huge plus. So I advise you guys, if you're in your fitness journey, you got to make sure to try to get that in early or early day. If you can choose that now, if you can't because the kids, because of everything else, then by all means, even if you can just do cardio in the morning and do some weights in the midday or at the end of the work day, that works out too. But just make sure that you create consistency, because you got to build those habits back. But another thing is that I was listening to Peter Tee on his podcast and he had brought it in an expert on focusing on being able to build good habits. It's all about consistency. It's not just the 21-day rule that they used to think. It's about also rewarding yourself. So whether it's just that cheat meal a week or getting something in, that's a treat right post workout that you normally wouldn't have, even if it's a little bit of sugar from a smoothie, anything that you can use to be able to do that. Now, all of us need that because some of us are a little bit more trained on being able to train consistency. But if you're trying to reset, those little cues will make a huge, huge difference. So shout out to Peter and again, he has a fantastic podcast. If you don't follow it, you should definitely check it out. Peter and Tee, Dr. Peter and Tee, he's very, very good at what he does. He's based out in Austin and check out his podcast and I also want to be able to just say, hey, look, for everybody who's following this journey for me, hopefully you can get a little bit out of it for either your clients or yourself because again, I'm trying to put myself first this time for once in a long, long time. So you do that also when it comes to putting on that oxygen mask, you've got to put that oxygen mask on yourself first before you're there to help your family, your friends, and your career. So let's get this workout done. Oh, I guess. So again, I use Pinot equipment because that's what I had on my gym, but I do want to talk about techno gym because that's what we have here at the hotel we're using today. And it's not a bad machine. It's still good, but there's a difference between good and great. And let me tell you what it is because I haven't used the newest techno gym in a while, and this seems to be pretty new here. And you do feel good doing the exercise, but you don't feel the tension as it gets harder. It should be getting harder and you should almost feel a little more resistance. And what I would do differently if I was giving some techno gym some advice is that it feels almost like the amount of tension is all the same all the way through even though as you go up you tend to get stronger at the very top of the range of motion. You don't feel that that you would on a Pinot a piece. And that's why it's good sometimes to really get perspective on other manufacturers. Because there's shitty ones there, then there's good and I think techno gym is good. But then there's great. And the reason why the difference between great and good are so different is the fact that you feel as you're going through a perfect example of this through the range of motion on the press, you feel the tension more on the Pinot a piece as you're flexing, you're tending to want that extra tension almost like you're flexing on stage. And that's what you get when you use a Pinot a piece. Now again, not bad, good machine. But I've used them on cruise ships, I've seen them at the hotels, I've seen them in some gyms. But I would like to feel more of that throughout. So again, it's tip for you guys over at techno gym but I just want to say hey, still good pieces of equipment and if it wasn't good I would tell you that. But I just want to be able to really point out the nuances that I feel make a huge difference in the types of machines. But obviously we're in a hotel gym, so I'm not expecting it to be a best bodybuilding gym out here in a hotel. But at the same time I do want to give you some perspective. We just got done with the chess workout, abbreviated version before we do the young LA event. One thing I do want to mention is a lot of people are asking about what is the recovery, what do you do for recovery? Remember stretching, super important. Massage when you can get it done, super important. Some people really like to do the sauna. Absolutely great. But also taking ingredients like the adaptogens like KSM 66 Ashwaganda to help you sleep is going to be a game changer for you. So if you haven't had a chance to try that yet, make sure you give it a try because it goes really above and beyond when it comes to deep sleep. And then that's what's going to really help you with your overall recovery. Let's go, people. I'm going to have a big one. That's it, slow, slow. This is what's going to right now. He's doing the weight rest. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. That's the way to make it look more trap. So you can get it. This is good. That goes ahead a little bit like it. I'll do it like that. I hope you're ready. You can just shoot these buttons and turn this shot up. I'll say it all. For the real, the national received your slice. There's a lot of big Matties out there. But you'll know that many each one's on. And a big stick for the sea my favorite. Let's go, people. And that's the seven flex sets. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-10T06:29:15.832027Z ===
