These misromin' yards, grand covert, the Rhoa, solicitable Re plastered cold. Our next Israel activity, Pencil history is twenty-one-two. One year is desemackers. Beees. Up in the first year, 1 year pause Overок released the Reddit deal, was a third of his. The second episode, is the picture of most electrons. I'm not, he was the title that the perfectest hold is hungry for the taste of another sandout trophy. Please welcome from Iran. Hioo. Oh... Call two three, answer purposely. And Nut The eighth视erライreu engineer in Johnny Dzym tablespoon history! Dev blue!! We You're a place, Missile Olympia. You're winning and the facting Missile Olympia. Woo! Don't matter, history has the first British bodybuilder to host this handout since story and games last year, so at hit 1997. He is the 19th Missile Olympia in bodybuilding history. He is the Nigerian Lion who located in U.S. Rain as the King of the bodybuilding jungle from the United Kingdom by way of Nigeria. Please welcome Missile Olympia! Semfor- Thanks! Mike Pluto! Rest in silence next year. Hit 10 aufineers! Offineers are fighters ofitat, put their hands in or lose to the UK! Hit 10 on the court, on the!! encanta barriers, I want to show you guys who are going to play 6-10-2-4, I'll be a champsaw, they won't be a big one. That's already the big champs, I don't need a big one. They have a back door for me. They're locked in there ready to go, but I'm grateful to be there, I appreciate you guys to be on some stage, but as we can discuss this, I'd also like to help you guys enjoy the show, please give the honor of the next class of the championship in every game. I want to give you guys a back time, this back stage, baby, let's do this. Let's do it now, let's do it again, let's do it again. Let's do it again, let's do it again. What's up guys, let's do it. Do you have my book for me? Can we all have a back door for a chance? I'll give you a back door. All right, we got four Olympic champions, we don't get to do this very often using the one we want, maybe two, four. I'm not sure she'll remember that for her, I'll say, we got one this year, we got a competition at her head of her size, we got her ready, defending the champion in San San San San. I was a bit being the champion, you were an active champion, I'm gonna take the championship to the top of the championship, we're going to have to win the championship. I've always said you know what, how much will it be tomorrow, I like good things, my way, this is a privilege to be in this position and what it means to be changed my life, and I want to keep back to it so even though it happens, I have to put a title on my hand, and go after it, that's what it is, and I'm out of this. I love yours. you are being more attention to the country. I think you learned that fire just a little bit more hard of me because they don't like being kicked down for you to realize man okay I'm only I want that shit down This is you want to answer you we only gotta take off your shirt and say all the boys since you're right down right here come and beat me and you backed it up with actions on that stage give you something a little bit kind of a dirt luxury you also have decided on putting that kind of I'll see you at the arm I'll see what happens right over there a lot of people thought that was a mistake people thought that you made the wrong move but I don't know 500 dollars now is later on a title and you beat the champ and put a little better in your gap you might maybe it was the right move Yeah absolutely you know obviously I didn't present the physique that I wanted to add 100% action eyelashes a little bit so I wanted to go right back to work and I wanted to show up you know against the rain and champion and I wanted to prove that you know my best is the best in the world so I want to do that right away at the beginning of the year I do on a classic and then with the Pittsburgh pro with it being a legacy show I want to be the first ever Pittsburgh pro champion and I realize they you know winning those two and they getting your title back on this show and people winning all three of those big issues of the year is really something special so I'm not so much going for it I don't regret it obviously you look like you're ready all you guys looked like you're ready for all the videos I've been seeing all the pictures that have been out there but about that chance that you heard from they talk about the writing poem and a lot of these champs from yesterday but not what they're saying that they may have thought any of the previous group in the year may have cost them and it would be a later year what's your thoughts on that? Well if they believe in you then you can't shock the world so let's do this you shot the world for the two twelve with the opening and a lot of people but I will see you can't hear through all hey that all you can was with the title of Mr. Olivia so you already been kind of down there road of shock in the world here's the question did you shock it again if you'd be this guy and that's what I'm here to do this is the Mr. Olympia this is where history is made and I'm here to make history I right now the level of the two of the attention how do you do? so first and foremost I had an energy thank you because I go all over the world for various companies that I've with and if you want to go and we think of my way it's a say it say it say itashi circuit it say it was forQué I want to say thank you for all hand in hand. I want to say this year I brought my best version and I hope you the last one will leave this stage. I want to say thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand. Thank you for all hand in hand.