Are you threatened by these guys or are they still fighting for second? I'm a while I'm never been a man for talking just doesn't work for me. I'm always a man of actions So I start up here last time I did my own things at the same time. I've done step up front me right now It's a history but truly one of the great this ever is this one and it'll give you a stage It's been an popularity Has transcended worldwide popularity having been platform on some of the biggest platform at Street I've worked in the world. You also realize that you're a pop-up As he had a wife Courtney was not on her in his past eight months. He is the honest feeling it champion of the classic the only division Please look up from Canada Traaaah He wants that title back the first ship will is hungry for the taste of an Olympia victory And the voice the same now one second please welcome from Iran Our final head is your race And a better Mr. All-leap Winning bodybuilding's most prestigious title in only his second time competing on the Fistural and B-State Addied to his illustrious resume which also includes a two-to-all-leap Get title at the title of Mr. USA. Please welcome the 18th Fistural Liftia Head bodybuilding history from the United States Mr. All-leap Terra Terra Terra And then I was coming out there He's going right now and we need his ballroom right about there to set it right about there To take it up all the space So the ladies were on first walk a graduation Since gentlemen on being here this is a major deal with the 6th anniversary of the Olympia and you're all here So congratulations on that The ladies right here a little while ago, there was something to be For who was the future and who was the president The president was the future So upon this stage who was the president and the future Let's start with the champion itself, there it looks for you are the president You are the current reading the funding of the Olympia champion Are you also the future two-time of the B-A champion Well I've been working ever since I stepped up this stage last year to make me three to come back and prove So yeah, you best believe that this is just the beginning And I'm working to improve every single year for as long as I can be a beauty Terra Let's get specific a body You're dominant from the back you have amazing back to my sips back last spread But you're not beating honey on abdominals and thighs in most muscular What have you done from last year's Olympia to beat him on those two poses We'll go back to my track record and work with honey ramp on back in 2021 We won the 2012 each year we made significant improvements and I've been able to you know We're well with him and we've been able to improve my physique So I don't think there's really anything different that I needed to do in terms of Trastic changes obviously emphasis on the body parts and areas where I need to improve more But honestly I wanted to improve my strengths to I wanted to increase distance in my strengths And also bring up my other body parts and poses So you know like I said ever since I got off stage last year I've been putting in the work And I'm coming back to prove like a promise to that Sugar Sugar, right? About 600 pounds of muscle right the middle of the stage right there is just a year of the big band You have that is occupied by the man in the center big sands in from England Representing Nigeria Looks like you're on a tour when you first arrived here in Las Vegas So the buzz is you've been distracted And there's a whole lot of business in front of you Especially with the Angel Jack ending up against you and Derek And be caught in the money Is this the year that you bring it all together on Saturday night Alright first close on the same land thank you all for being out here man You guys are all great this place back to outer square is the opening Well to your question man is there's interest in one of the guy I would say Yeah up the year time of the time I keep improving faster than anybody else understage And you want to see that for us now right? Right? So how do you respect me not to be in? Just come up with saying the shock you guys are getting tomorrow Wait wait well you say that you did some changes getting ready for this year that you didn't do in the past You can't ignore some of those changes when they positive Of course they are but you know what we're so many two weeks left something two weeks ago in front Well there about something special more nice will So you know the gourmet heat layer is conditioning and I know you've heard this all in your load Also meeting all from the experts out there Sandson scatted all shape symmetry portion muscularity posing presentation He's just got to get the conditioning what changes have you made this year? The Brignac conditioning in the 95% out that in a lot of experts opinions we give you that stand out title Well for one thing you see my face right? This little guy face someone who doesn't suffer this much but a pretty face You're very very handsome. I don't know what you know what one of them say is but we'll find out tomorrow I'm going to go on a trip Who are you? Questions for terror I'm looking at the stage and I see two guys that left in you who are much, much bigger I just want to know if they're in shape how do you plan on repeating your master Bodybuilding is you versus you I think you know that as well as me body, right? So we're all given gifts and genetics and our own and I believe that you know we weren't with weak and all but we got here And so for me I've been able to like I said earlier play with my strengths and also improve everything you know And so This is a journey over time where you're never going to be perfect But you're striping to be all that you can be and so even being the current champion I want to continue to improve and be all that I can be and I know even last year I can continue to do that for years and years I don't worry about what the competitors are doing But I actually appreciate the competitors that I have because I love how much revenue they are, how hungry they are, how passionate they are About the same thing I am and I want to be my best and I'm trying to be my best every year And these guys continue to help elevate me and hold me accountable So I don't just look at it as competition like this like I want to be you I want to be you I got to defend it's that hey on happy you guys are making progress Because it holds me accountable for me to make progress And then everybody wins everybody gets what they want to get a great show and made the best fail with Okay, what's our beat? I love the diplomatic answer That's the right way to say it Now that's what I really am that's how I believe you I believe you but I want to get more specific What attributes do you bring that are going to beat these two guys or brain that's sitting there looking pretty large And you got to you got to Mr. and lead me to the left of you what attributes do you have that are going to make sure that you repeat I think Ronnie Coleman said it best eight time Mr. Leary and champion lights out from the back baby Okay, DJ Last year A lot of people had honey from the front there from the back of the sides of all keeping where did you have it last year And what do you think's gonna happen this year? Well, I'm going to be honest last year Pre Olympia prediction I predicted Derek to win And after the Olympia I said those close I thought I had honey when By deciding and this is because Gary does not be able from the back we know that how he was a beautiful front But now we saw how he come back to the Arnold this year When I think this was the best honey that I've ever seen combination in condition and size Now a hearty like in the Arnold Derek is that something you can beat Well, I think a party rampad who we both worked with said that you know How he did look right at the Arnold you have to give it to these guys when they come in and and they give it at their all They look outstanding you know I love it when my competitors get praise just as much as I would get a praise But he also said wait to you see the 2020 version of Derek once for well And we've been saying this we've been saying this whole time the Derek is still young He's still mature and he said you can still make changes and I've been saying this all along A lot of people think it's not happening You know saying so because I think you would have to make those changes you would have to bring a better front more detail And I'm sure you know what I just said next to a hearty like from the Arnold But now keep in mind we have two guys right here in Samsung and Andrew Andrew from what I heard in this is as I've seen him I have this book Tim I just heard from someone real close This is the best Andrew ever and Andrew is wouldn't be a liberal So that's scary that's a scary dog because Andrew is in a lot of experts eyes probably the most perfect physique with Samsung when it comes to being the height size and everything And I know it's harder for sure the guys at that point to you know just to stand next to you So I mean at the end of the day you write this is a competition but I'll be nice. It's not going to win you and I'll just say not sure you got it You know you don't you gotta fight what I'm saying is you gotta be the dirtiest Derek in order to you know to hold this guys I don't think I need to be the dirtiest Derek on the mic with my words I think I need to be the hardest worker in the gym and that's what I've been doing팝ipped Rachel I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. But you're not too pale, honey. Did you feel that you want the show to be there for that say no? Last year. What's the audition? I'm sorry. I'm sorry, honey. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. Glad you're not gonna marry me. I'm sorry. Honey, you're going to come like a tri-dissirs like this here, and everyone who wants a Robin's deserve has to be dry enough. Honey, this... Honey, this question is for you. Honey, it's for you. Last year you look like... You actually want the contest. And the way you left the stage like you didn't accept him so So what happened? I was like, I was like, I always tried to come with my best condition, best separation, best of my version, and also, yeah, last year, same was the same. I came with my best and I did it, but this year I would try my best to win. And then I was like, you got off the stage, and you have to see him with that in the same routine. At the beginning, I just could not rest there, stay there, I did my full shoot, and after that, I felt a little bit in good health, stay on the stage, so that's why I walked away. But before I walked away, I just could rest everyone took my picture before I leave. But anyway, I don't know if this is really a criminal or not, but I didn't expect it. That's right, because on this panel, I want me to help my beer, right? And Derek, like, let me say, I was so impressed when I saw you go from the 2012, and know it me and you guys like, if you be big and my first thought was, will you be able to go from 2012 and go into the open and bring the size of pre-neck conditioning and you did it? You did it, so I was very impressed with that, very impressed with that. And I think number two, for me, my question, no way, winning that in my beer. What is the challenge for me is defending your life has changed, you have to listen to the noise and the conversation and they'll say, you know, Sam's is going to do it, Andrew Jack, you know what I mean, you have a new baby, um... Yes, she's out of the crowd actually, where's my wife? Yes, so how do you, because that's in me, what should when you've done it one time, and you proved what you did in 2012, and you moved into the open and you did what you did, like, big and all that, that's all beautiful, the conversation I've met you guys brought that up, but you wanted your champion defending it, how did you stay focused with the noise, with the extra, can you guess pose for me, can you come on with my house, can you kiss my baby, oh that, that's my question. Well that's going to be about an hour, it's one of the answers, if I'm kidding you know, short of the sweets, I saw the people that came before me first and foremost, so I always respected the champions that came before me, and I saw some of the things that they had to deal with, and I thought, you know, like, sometimes they didn't deserve the criticism that they were getting, and still to this day, and so, I saw that, I thought to myself, if I ever want to be, I had to talk, right? There's going to be a lot of love, and there's going to be a lot of criticism, and you better be prepared for both, and it's not always going to come at the same time, when you wanted to, and I said this the other day, you know, everybody up here, and everybody in their right mind, would want to be a champion, but leadership is a responsibility, and I think it's something that people don't think about all the time, wanting to be the champion, the person to talk, because when this spotlight's on there, it ain't coming off, it's only getting brighter and stronger, so you could take that as an opportunity to do something good, and be a good model, or you can, you know, crumble under the negative pressure, and so for me, the selfishness of wanting to be Mr. Olympia and be the champion, like we all want to write and bodybuilding is great, but also knowing this platform that I can build to lottery and spread a positive message to, is something that really drives me, and when Olympia actually took the pressure off of me, is it ever going to happen? I'll ever be Mr. Olympia, while I ever make history, being the first two division champion, so once that happened, I felt like I could really come into my home, and having the support of my wife, my daughter, my friends, my family, my training partners, my coach on your robot, and sponsors, everyone in the fan support, I just feel so loved, and I feel so grateful and blessed that helped and I not go in the gym, and given my whole every single day, doing what I love, even if it is, you know, the epitome of discipline, and there's a lot of suffer, there's a lot of sacrifice, there's a lot of really hard days, right, go to my wife and I say, maybe this is hard, like this is getting really, really hard, and she's like, you got this, you know, if anybody can do it, you know, I know you, you got this, we all got you, you got this, we all got you, got you, so like I said, this could be a long-winded answer, but all on all, like I said, being the champions one thing, being a leader is another, and it's a high responsibility that I said before, and I accept it all, the good, the bad, the everyday, and praise my Lord, save me Jesus Christ. Thank you, Andrew, Grant, great performance in Texas, possibly one of the most impressive performances this year, you've gained the size, you're becoming, you know, you filled up, where are you going to end up, this Mr. Olympia, are you going to the top three, can you be Mr. Olympia in 2024? That would be some hard break this weekend, that's why I'm both with Sean. Branding, not a lot of people talking about the 2019 Mr. Olympia, you know, a lot of people predicting they're not mentioning Branding Curry, are we at the end of Branding Curry's career or is Branding Curry a healthy Branding Curry about the shot the world? Well, part of being quite off the radar is what kind of brings the shot, fact there. So I went with that, so I could bring this shot fact there, what's tomorrow, so I think we come in with a good physique, we're pretty confident, and I'll tell you, so I'm ready to run with you. And congratulations to you, I'm getting yourself back here, obviously qualified for life as a five-thousand four-emister Olympia. The vast majority of the world in the front story, you were here at the Prask Conference, you were at the hospital, battling some issues, thank God, everything turned out great, you still ended up with an impressive finish, so I'm not going to kiss you absolutely phenomenal, but not near your maximum time, to present finish, what was the 100% Branding Curry capable of doing here again, certainly two other Olympia winners, but the entire Olympia lineup. Well, you know, 100% is always capable of taking a chance on a shot. What we follow tomorrow is a love to fake, we'll see what happens, but I'm coming here, we'll prepare, we've got a new coach to strategy, we can change some things, and we think it works in my best of my faith. I feel very helpful, feel very good, it's just a point, it's just a fun and right now pretty much all the work is done, just kind of relax and do my job to go on this. I'm very confident going in, I think it's a be a very good package, and I'm hopefully I can surprise about you guys, and I get you excited about what I'm bringing to the stage. Good. Yeah, that's good for Andrew, because he's a man of a few words, say, but get a few more out of you. So, I'm going to be like that. Alright, so you're going to shock some people this weekend, but what changes have you made, because Texas was a beautiful physique, but there are some areas where the other guys are a little bit ahead of you, and aside in the back, some of you are posing, did you improve those things, did you work a lot on your posing, what has changed since Texas? Everything has changed since Texas. Texas was a warm up, so now we're bringing in their room. First, that's why I said, as we can't bring so many hot scenes, don't let's say. Well, if I'll open it, let's give a percentage of his people to respect him on where you were, you made great improvements this year. Your time in the gym was well, well, similar to you, and what we saw in Texas was very cool, what a goal. What percentage do you think you were in Texas? 90%, 95% in every 100%, it deserves a little bit of it. I don't rate myself, I like my team, Chris, do the right things, cause... How close to 100% do you say you were in Texas? No, I don't know, I'm just a passenger in the seats, they're here in any capacity, so they're private, I just follow. You weren't even close in Texas, so what we're going to see is we have continuity, what they have in my mind is just sit back for life's traction, and boom, definitely. We confident going to this weekend, and it will be funny. Especially with our current at Rating Five-Time Championship, response set. Well, yeah, I'm going to have the top three from last year's Olympic, and I'm looking at a two-time final class in Champions for this year. Now I see Wesley and Sid right next to Chris. Is this... I'm seeing something here, does it be anything? The Chris is sitting right next to Wesley, you know, because Rating Five-Time Championship and Earth was thrown in Wesley, you basically. I think you were at the 7th of April, but you were out in the top five. You came to the Arnold, it wasn't totally where we were pursuing, I mean, we always see you, you always appreciate, but you put the size on that tall frame of yours, and stood there and beat Rhoan and Earth both to be in care of one of your favorites, even in the experts' eyes, continue to beat Chris, because we all say we have a similar height. You know, the only one that could beat Chris, is to both be someone who's going to similar height. How do you feel going to your Olympic knowing that a lot of people think that you might have what it takes and you yourself said, that you will beat Chris, but stand this year? Well, what I said is I've got to get him to tough as bad, all he's had seems to do, you may be so far, that's what I intend to do. So the most important thing is that it also brought confidence to myself, winning the R classic, not one spot twice in a row, beating a lot of competitors who beat me here after year, after year, at the Olympia, which means I've made a lot of progress, which doesn't mean that everybody was off of something at the Arnold, but that I was getting better. And I've made the same kind of improvement from the Arnold now to the Olympia, that I made from the Olympia to the Arnold about the same time in between now, actually even longer. So it's going to be a very nice, interesting, fierce battle on the Olympia stage, and I can't wait to do it, because it just feels different. I know now for sure that my place in Olympia last time is not going to be represented if it's going to be shown on stage this year, but it's going to be awesome. Chris, I have a question, sorry, Bob. Chris, I'm Stan, five-time Olympia champion, you've been dominant, last year, a moment really brought a great physique, especially from the band. People thought that arguably he beat you on the back of the ball by simply, there's this guy, Wesley, viscers, just won the Arnold, looked incredible, or said he's bringing his best, are you threatened by these guys, or are they still fighting for second? I think you know the answer, but every year it's been someone different, it's been Breon, it's been Terrence, D'Hurz, it's been her bones, but Wesley and in my mind there's a little bad one for second. I would never be so disrespectful, it's a say it's not a challenge, you know being on stage here period, all of us getting up here at the challenge is a just threat, absolutely not. But it's always a challenge getting up here, being the best, being the best version myself, and it's an honor to share the stage with all these people. I've met Wesley back in 2018, I think after Olympia and I remember his kindness and humility then he threw his lung this morning, I had to change since, same with all the guys that I get to share the stage was up here. We have a lot of fun, you know, we give each other some dirty stairs every now and then, but we are always talking about getting up stage and we get some work gets and throughout the year and we enjoy it, so I'm grateful to be competing against these guys and we're just up here to have fun. Chris, we're in the bottom stages, we've met a lot of specializations out there, the rule will melt us more a lot of course, and Breonthus are going to make the big huge announcement just a month ago, and I got to give you a cut of it, and you just pull the table, clawed right out from all those dishes at the table when you announce it and you add a nice business with a tune shark that you've gotten involved with some congratulations for that. But the world was ablaze with top net, if you wait in this opportunity, and possibly this could be your last opportunity that you might be moving on, that you would call it a day, as the winner, as a six-time champion, you've got a brand of family, that business fatures, if you win this title this weekend, is that it? Is that it? It's funny because since I think 2020, I've been telling people when they asked me how many I got left in me, I've been 7-1 more. And every single year I've just been focusing on what ahead of me, be the best I can, showing up for a more. One last year, I got to put the work to put again this year and then to this year, it's all focusing on, you know, every year, I've had a challenge and I've still got to go to the top, but I've been able to overcome it, and show people what I'm capable of in every year, I've gotten better, continue to get better, continue to enjoy it. I don't think much further than the Saturday could be clearly honest, so just enjoying it. I know I got more in me if I'm on it, but I can make that decision whenever I feel ready. Question for her, this early season this year didn't go as planned, I'm not saying, she's not bringing it wasn't the outcome to you a little more. Now knowing you have to come back and fight your way back to get into the top three, basically what changed, what hers can we expect, to more and more, is that tomorrow morning or Saturday morning? I mean the little setback I had at the Arnold's, made the bear definitely hung rear the never before, and I set the fire up for it, it worked so hard to get up the great step on kids on my coach for the five years now, and really found out what works the best, and as it is in our sport we all love the time, is the thing we need to have an all mind. I started my journey pretty young with 20 years old, I've been on the pier at 21 the first time, had to build the density and I think we've changed, not only my health switched, also the density of my body, and that's what you guys are going to expect, I've been on the other day, under Olympus Day, so I'm complete package front to back, I was always well known for my low body development and quality, and now I can say it's finally also especially from the backside, it is there. So when do you see yourself placing? Definitely better the last time. But it is you, I'm asking you about the last year of Olympia, so it is only top two. That's it, yes. Well one of those guys who got to get by is right next to you, that course is Rebovino. I got to think in person for us where your family is out of Brazil, without that, I would not have 10,000 dinosaurs into my Instagram account. Every single day, I get it, I like the moment when it's a great guy, stop sending me dinosaurs. But you've got a great fan base, you, in Earth and Chris, us these new guys here, have been battling for years. You have got to get past Chris, what changes do you need to make to get that title from Chris Bumstead? We were okay, all of all of the points, you know? My back, my fruits, my hamstrings, bro. I told you, I told you last year, remember, this year bro, you mean, over cool, you know? Don't touch me, bro, don't touch me. First of all, get this guy out of big hand, you know? It's a big list, it's amazing. I love it! Thanks for having me, I'm trying, every year, I try, I think so much, thanks so much for the show, this is my bro. Alright, Chris, you're here, big dinosaur, but for it's come up, I'll be here, I do. Or is that shell of the new guy because he's guys in the, lots of times with all the respect to identity, but competition. But like you said, they provide for a side to you, but what a sea shell, something different. He's literally at the flow bat, the classic, you can a lot of the person's of course not, and you're physique in the way you display your physique with your poses. Is he a bigger threat than anybody else at this time, to your title? Like I said before, I truly don't believe anyone in the threat right now. If not, here's the mall saying I'm gonna win, but when I look at them all, I don't believe they believe themselves and I say that. So, I'm gonna believe you, Chris, I'm gonna believe you, you don't believe, believe me, believe in you work. I have my, my word every day. Hope? Chris, isn't true? Who's a true, that you've offered about any of these guys, B2? But you've offered a full-chinch-out contract to work in Beijing. I can have whatever the hell they're on. Ramon, have a question for you. You are a great symbol in Brazil. If you win this thing, you make history, and millions and millions of Brazilians watching the paper view dream on that moment. What is your message to all the Brazilians fans today? Thank you so much for everybody for, for I am pretty, pretty, pretty, right? Praise for me. And thank you, God. Take my wife here, my team. And we work for this year. And you God, this is happening for now, for we. I love the baby. I got Andrew and Samson who battled with Nick at the Arnold. Now Nick isn't here. Last year, he missed a show with people who were like, well, Nick could have won if he was there. I want to know from Andrew and Samson, Does it upset you to not be able to compete against him this year? And kind of prove if you're a better or his better? So, first of all, I was on the side of the field, which made all the bell. All the best. This recovery went very good right now. We just didn't know many of the difference for long time. And you know what? I was just playing and it wasn't here last year. And I was excited about going on stage when he began this year. Fortunately, things have happened for the way they do. So, for me, I'm a little bit tired, just playing that. He's not here this year, but at the same time I know he's going to be in the back home stage in no time. I know Nick very well, man. He doesn't let him in the club. If it's not that important. Samson has said it's a follow-up group. The two guys here left our former Australian BIS, Why do you deserve to beat them? Why do you deserve to be Mr. Olympia? Oh, no! All right, so we're all here. We've heard everybody speak about us. My, I'm going to wait this. And I'm going to do that. And I'm going to prove this. And my ass is tired standing with everyone. I'm going to say, say, yes, I want to say this, man. I'm a little bit of a man for talking. It doesn't work for me. I'm always a man of actions. So I start up here last time. I'm going to make a man, I think that's it. I've done step up front. Me right now. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Come on. Oh, I'm going to talk. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Good. It's a big man. It's a big man. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. John, for real, don't let a kid on my head. Yeah. Here. Come on. John, you know. There's nothing up there. I'm going to say it, man. Oh. Oh. You know, the coward who's in the body. He's calling you guys out. No way, what's up, please. You see? You see? Yeah, what? Why? I said, I know I'm going to get him up. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. x Oh, no way. Good night. No, no go. I know the body. Hello, no. Post! What are you doing, Daniela, Jerry Bryant, how sweet a pie for you, Daniela? I got a yes or no, she never said. Good for you. You know Sam, you just saw what you're going to be up against? What do you mean? It's my privilege. They can all. They can all. They can all. Man, I said to Mr. Bucks, Chris, he said, if we retire, you might call your head, then we don't have a petition. You just saw Sam tonight. You still want to go there? I don't know. To the start, they not discouraged. Maybe next year, we'll have to figure it out. If I can challenge her for me, I'd do what. Was I an influencer? Free mine, so you can go my way for it. All right, let's get to the lighting around here. Why don't you have a delivery? I don't question. I don't want to wear a little pants. Oh, let's see. Chris, I'm sad. So every year, you all, you're such a great storyteller. Every year, you have a challenge. You mentioned challenge this year. Did you experience anything this year? I know you haven't been baby. Such a great storyteller. Honestly, what I mentioned was that this was one of the years where I felt like everything kind of came together. And it was beautiful that it was here that it was here. I got to share it with my baby and my wife. And if I've learned anything over the years, it's had a work of my challenge. And then this year, it's been a whole new load of lessons of what's truly important to me. And if I've learned something from having a child, it's taken the pressure off when I do a bond stage because when I go home to my wife and to that baby smiley, nothing else matters. There's no reason to feel like anything else in the challenge. This is a great blessing. It is a big dream I've ever had in my entire life. My family has been here right now. It's allowed me to just enjoy having me present with bodybuilding. Because that was truly important. So it's been a beautiful year. Congratulations. Thank you. Dear young people, final question to anyone who will be able to be honest. First, congratulations to Mike and him. I want to get one of these bags. So that's one of my questions. Great job with the bags. Congratulations, Mark. Derek. Lums for. Chris Bumstead said, My favorite Olympian title was my second one. After one, my first title, there was a lot of questions about Riannese and this and that. My second one was closing the door. This is my time. Is there where your mind is right now? You want to close the door and say, You know what? I'm Mr. Olympia. I'm going to win again and there will be no more questions. We're going to do it. Absolutely. To be quite honest, if I'm going to show you straight, that's why I said after last year's Olympia win, we made history and it was the best package that I brought today. But I knew where I could improve and I felt that I had a lot that I could improve and even just one year. So I got right back to work and with the motivation and support of my wife and daughter and everyone in my corner, I've been 365 days of bustling it, not just to not a lot of times actually criticized me that this yesterday is a motivation to prove like that haters wrong, like the criticism. No, it's just to be all that I could be. And this year, I wanted to come back and create some business to be quite honest. Yes. The Sanddown trophy, Mr. Olympia title, is in company with just the NFL and the NBA, for having been around for 60 years and having it uninterrupted year after year after year championship. It's only the NBA and NFL and the Mr. Olympia. Does that 6-0 mean how much more does that 6-0 mean? The trophy's gold, you're going to be making a re-win, a win, a comeback. What does that 6-0 mean? A top of all of that. A cup of coffee. Yeah, this is a monumental year. The 6-0 Olympia, there's women 18 Mr. Olympia's ever in the history of bodybuilding and looking at it right now, it looks pretty. I have one that doesn't look like that and doesn't have my name on it. This year I want to go in with my name on it. All right, you did. You did. You did. Yeah, I mean you guys are all nice and buddy but into each other. I can't ask the question now. I mean, you want to ask. But I got a question for Chris. Chris, let's say you would watch the show tomorrow from different role. Not on stage, but you would watch these guys sit next to you. Can be. What do you think would win? You, I mean, honest, who do you believe would win this show tomorrow? If you wouldn't can be. Honestly, yes. I can't answer that. I think that's why I love plastic for these so much. Such a tight race, all the competitors are incredible. They're showing up and doing their best. You know, I know each of them on a level enough to watch them on their journey. Throughout the year, to another, they're all showing up. They're coming for my throat, coming for each other's throat. They're going to be held for show and we're going to see them Saturday, but I have no guess. Well, I guess that's the perfect answer because I try to find out who is. Think of competition this out of the guys, but who was. You know Chris is too smart for it. I was just being well on for that. You should try to catch it. So five times, I won't be in right here. Who on? My question is for Wesley. And Chris's motto has been set to standard for quite a while now. But I don't think he's faced competition in here size, a stature. And his reign, so are you the new standard or is Chris still the standard for classic? It's funny because when I won't be more classical, I owe me a Chris Metback stage quickly. And he literally told me about that quote that I know he's set a new standard for myself, which I have to uphold because fight don't, you know what's going to happen. So there can be a new standard set, depending on what the judges see on that night, but they're like the most. In my opinion, I represent the goal in there perfectly. And if I can then bring the modern conditioning of proportions, the presentation with it as well, that can definitely be the new standard as it is called the Calessia in physique. And this one I'm trying to represent for the moves. I missed two double judges. There are a lot more about this. There are two other members of that as a view. And Saturday night, we're done with the finals. This is it. What two words are you looking for before that big announcement comes? And still.