What's up guys? We are just over two weeks out, actually 15 days, 15 days, two weeks out exactly tomorrow until pre-judging to the 60th anniversary of the Mr. Olympia competition. Here with Hottie Chopin and we are getting ready to show you a little secret that we have been working on. The secret project we've been working on here at EVGEN on the new EVP Extreme RTD. So what's really cool about this RTD is it's multiple products in one. So it's not just EVP Extreme, it's not just 3D, it's both of those combined as well as being able to put in a half a cap of HQ. So I took the best of all the worlds and made a stable version of an RTD that has been citriling beta-allenoid, but also as 7 as well as 10 grams of liquid cholesterol. So the new EVP Extreme AQ, you need a chance to get a pre-launched unit, the week of the Olympia. So make sure you're following EVGEN and Trishin's page because we're going to be getting all the information about that. So something I'm very, very excited about, so I can't wait to share it with you. He's been getting a chance to give him and the energy to try these all throughout the prep and the nice thing about it is it gets fast because it's already in solution. So you start feeling those beta-allenoid tingles, you start getting that focus, you start getting that energy right away. Alright guys, so we're going to start off with extensions. Hotties warm it up, usually about 5 to 10 minutes on the bike. So he says warm up, then we are going to go over to the Pinnata single leg extension really good because you get tons of really good contraction and you get a great stretch at the very bottom point of the exercise. So we're going to go ahead and start there and then we're going out. 6. No, no. Damn good. Two minutes. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. That's enough. That's enough. One more. Easy. Easy. One more. Six. Six. Six. Six. Five. Five. Five. Three. Five. That's a little bit of pump. We're going to do a Smith machine squats. We're going to go in this is going to be one of our heavier days getting ready for the show. Normally your peak strength is for most athletes around four or five weeks but we're trying to keep as much of that momentum of that four or five weeks strength curve closer to the show. What's up guys? I'm here with Hotty Chopin, 22, Mr. Olympia, 24, Arnold Classic Champion and I'm here to tell you that we are having an amazing FST 7 leg day and if you want to see any of my workouts including in the leg day just like this check it out at the FST 7 app. Go ahead and use code. Finish strong for your first month for only a dollar. Check it out. Oh, lets go. sections in the circle confused whether it is my last<|bg|> I am convinced of doing this to I'm going to be Toshisha. Tip Dham, Louis Tawal, Louis Dhamam. Bermar and I'd be all the way to go. This is birthday. So happy birthday, no joke. It's his birthday today. He turned 25, at least two times. All right, guys. We are doing leg press a little bit more on the narrow stance. Just inside shoulder width, keeping the toes straight, pumping out reps. We're just really going to wrap out. We're trying to shoot for 20. He got closer to 30 reps, which is great. All about the blood flow. Get those legs nice and 3D, so they pop on stage. That's it. What they leg day, guys. 15 days out, 2024, sixtieth anniversary of the Mr. Olympia. So this is our second to the last leg day.