Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I have a guest today that many, many people thought would never be a part of this podcast, but they've all requested. So for many, many years, I'm going to allow him to introduce himself. So, special guest. It's going to be guys, Jim Rebwende, four time, Minster's, EcoLimpy, a champion, former, Eve at your naith, and somebody that's looked up in a very appreciative, to honor and bought for all these years, and we have a lot to talk about, a lot to catch up on, and excited to be here. I didn't think I was going to be like you said. So, yeah, the story actually goes that we ran into each other last night at the Nationals. We were in Lobby, and somebody comes over, grabbed me with the shoulder, gives me a hug, and I was like who is this? And then I was like oh, it's Jeremy. And obviously we hadn't spoken for many years, many years, up until you get ready for the 2023 Olympia. And then when everything happened, because a lot of people don't know what happened. And I know that this podcast a lot of people want to know what happened. And I think this is part podcast, part therapy. I think for me, at least, but I don't know how you feel about it. So, we're kind of just putting it out there that we didn't actually talk at all before this about what we're going to talk about. But I did feel like when we spoke yesterday, Ariel Kets was there, you know, again, Barry guy, guy that we both know really well. Yeah, know very, very well. And we were just talking about, you know, Mike Routine was there from Golds. We also coaches. And one of the things that we were just kind of like shooting the shit. But it was a very chill conversation. You know, obviously I can feel your energies in a different place, my energies in a different place. So there wasn't after five, six years of us not working together. And both on the evegen side as well as on the coaching side, there was a lot of shit that has happened. But it's in a way where a lot of water into the bridge in my opinion, because I just people were like, you know, when are you going to talk to Jeremy again? What's going to happen? I said, it's just when it's time, it's time. And it was one of those things where in 2019, 1819, there was those are some hard years because in 18, you lost. And that was just as hard for me as it was for you. And I think that that's where it all started. But we can talk about so many, many things. But I guess in the beginning, just so that the people who don't know you that are kind of newer or don't know the backstory. Jeremy and I met through the fact that he was from Northern California. And I think you were like 21 or 22. 22 is your soul. And you were literally one of the first guys that were starting to come off the block in meant to Z. Because it just started. And I believe you were even doing bodybuilding as a teenager. You commented in my first NBC show. Right. Right. And I was there at the counter cost of ironed up being the MC for John Lindsay. He asked me to do that. So from time to time, I would do it. Not very many shows, but few and far and between. And you came up to me and said, dude, you actually were the MC of the show Europe on the podium when I competed. And I think you showed me a video too. And you're competing as a teenager in bodybuilding. And I believe you were going, was that the one you want to get to blossom wood? Yeah. And it was like you want to get to blossom wood. And I believe you won the overall, right? Yeah. Yeah. And you won the overall touch show. But again, I didn't know you then. I was just, but when we fast forward, okay, like maybe two or three years. And you were doing meant to Z. And then Z. He could just start it up. And you had gotten, I think, your pro card. Right after we talked myself, you nick, right? About you were like, it's right. Right after my pro card because it's right before I pro debut. You're pro debut. That's what it was. Okay. Yeah, I'm sorry. I've been taking e-vegin products because they got brought into one of our local supplements stores up there. I remember trying to sell them for the first time. The EVP, the old first of addition grape that tastes like, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but it weren't additional. Yeah. Yeah. And I remember I told you that I took the products. And I lived in Northern California. And you know, it was only an hour and a half drive to the office in e-vegin, San Jose. And you know, we connected there. And yeah. And that's when we gave you a extra load shirt because I came in wearing a suns out, guns out, orange tank top. And if the e-vegin office and then you gave me a triple XL, Steve Cookello shirt. And I was so excited to put that shirt on and hang down to my knees, but I was so pumped to be part of the e-vegin team. It was crazy because I remember I was sucking a neck and then he goes, this is a new division. And you know, we could always use somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wonder what this is going to happen with this division. And yeah, that's local. And when your name popped up that you were interested, I said, well, again, being me, I was like, well, as you take the products before, they're like, yeah, he's taken the products before. And I can't remember who it was. There was a, there was somebody that we were talking to about you that had kind of connected us. And I can't remember who it was either. No, that's somebody though. Yeah, it was somebody. Somebody that I knew that knew you and was like vouching for you. Yeah, that's going to bother me that I'm recap recall that was right. It wasn't Omar was it. You hear me? Wasn't. Yeah, it wasn't Omar was it? I don't know. I don't know if it was Omar. It was somebody. But there's somebody there. And then we got to connection and then you came to the office and again, the office back then kind of what year was that 2013 2013 the office there was May or June, no, June 2013. It was in it's a original spot, which we had one roll up door. It was maybe, I don't know, two, three thousand square feet. If that. Yeah, it was it was small. To see where it is now, man, I walk into this place and I'm just like, yeah, that little hole in the wall office that started out, you know, 2013 that very first expo the Santa's a FedEx boat. Yeah. 10 by 10 booth, one table. You know, and then to see what is what is blowing up to. It's incredible. Yeah, it's been it's been quite a ride and I feel like a lot of it has to do with the fact that we were also able to finally grow by leaving the Bay Area and Silicon Valley, which is all tech, being able to do the things I know we could do with stretcher of legs, because I'd always complain about it, but it was really hard to be able to to make a change and want to move, but obviously as everybody knows during the pandemic, it was when we decided to move the company and move the family. But when we met and you got the supplements and you told me, like, no, I already take this, that was my number one concern. And then I said, okay, we'll see what happens. Got you literally from Cuclos toach, because Steve Cuclos was one of my first athletes. And, you know, I think the smallest size we had was XRWWX. I think it was a medium back I barely barely. Would you weigh 155 maybe? Yeah, so 155. And I think it was an XL that it was literally down to your knees. And it wasn't the tapered XL. It was like a rock shirt and the crazy thing about it was that it was like, okay, we'll see what happens with this division, right? It was just supplements, right? I don't think we paid you anything. I think it was just a little, you gave me, like, I think it was 250, is my first contract. Was that what it was? Yeah. Wow. We were generous. I like it literally had no idea what was going on with that division. And you were going to get ready for your protea, but you I believe. That was a greater Gulf states. Right, Nezol Luziana. Yep. And then signs you. You were already taking the region. You were already following a lot of the FSC 7 stuff too, because I think you were following a lot of that because it was so popular, right, you know, around that 2010, 2010, 2011, all those years. And then you're convinced me. And again, you're a very, very, like, passionate. Very passionate. And because everybody was worried that anybody that was going to be in this division, wasn't going to be fully that bodybuilding, hardcore mentality. It was going to be more of that junior varsity mentality. Because nobody knew nobody knew what it was going to turn into. Because it was brand-spanking new. And one thing I realized about you was that you were a bodybuilder that became immense, physique competitor. And that was something that was really, I think, part of your success. Because you trained legs, you trained just like, you know, a bunch of times you trained with Phil. You know, when I was coaching Phil back in the day and you'd come in and you trained with us. And you were amp to do it. You weren't like, kind of like, okay, this is all I do because I'm meant to see. And I don't have to do legs because I'm wearing board shorts or I don't like to flex when we do flex sets, right? You were eating it all up. I love it. Yeah. And you would one in the story goes, you won that show, qualifier for you, Olympia. And then you did the Olympia. And I don't know, did you work with anybody with that first Olympia? Yeah, kind of. You were just like kind of like had some help here in there, right? Yeah. Yeah. And but one of the things that I remember was that you said, could you help me? And I said, look, I don't know anything about that division. I'd have to see what it even looks like. I even been to a show. So the first show I saw was when you took second to Mark Anthony at the Olympia. And I was like, wow, this is kind of what this men's physique's all about. And then I said, what are the strengths and weaknesses for all these athletes? And obviously with you with your joints, that was kind of one of the things that I was like very impressed with. But I'm like, wow, he's kind of small. I mean, I think you're first Olympia, you're 152 pounds? Yeah. About, maybe a little bit. Okay. Yeah. And so, you know, you're in the mid 150s, let's call it. And then we ended up going back and forth. And you could say, look, I proven myself. But I know with your help, you can kind of go up. You know, we can kind of move up. But I wanted it. I wanted to win. Big time. Big time. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you could see, you could see. But I think that, you know, also understanding your personality. And you know me, especially with all the years that I coached you. In the beginning, it was like trying to figure out the formula. Right. And when I say formula, like how do I work through with somebody and be able to make sure that I can keep them even keel, keep their stress level down, focus on being able to see your what's a funny. I made you job really hard. But I think as now it's your older, because you're held now 34. 34. We started when you were 22. And and I think that you mentioned something last night, and I didn't really realize it until you really put it out there. You were young 22. It wasn't, you know, there's some people that are 22. And then there's younger 22. And I think that that younger 22 comment you may yesterday puts things in perspective, because I felt like, what did you mean by that? Just by my mind said, my internal age, the way my thought process is worn, the way I interpreted people, the way I communicated with people, maybe the way I saw myself. I stepped into royalty when I saw them, you guys, you know, as at the table with you, Jay and Phil. You know, it was, I had a lot to prove. I knew I had a lot of room to try and catch up. And being that young and sitting at a table though, he got made my head pretty big. I think that was one of the biggest things was getting a little too far ahead of myself. And, you know, that same mentality, though, also pushed me to achieve what we achieved together. You know, I had a lot of drive. I had a lot of aspirations to try to get on the level that you guys are at. I pushed myself really hard to get there. But yeah, man, I just wasn't mature enough to handle the success, the fame, the money, all of those things. And, you know, even up until we separated, I still feel like my mindset was still young, even at 27 years old, when things started to fall apart. Right. You know, and then we'll kind of jump in and have a lot of years to cover between now, between the beginning and the end. But, you know, it wasn't up until a few years ago where I really started to understand why everything happened the way it happened. Really kind of being able to pick myself apart and look back and see where I went wrong and how and why people looked at me the way they looked at me. You know, I was so busy pointing fingers at everybody else for so many years that I didn't take a look in the mirror until a certain point where I was left with pretty much nothing and no one, you know, including my family. And you know how rough that was for me towards the end, you know, I didn't, didn't have anybody. People that were around me, it weren't even for me. They were trying to take for me. And you tried to protect me as much as you could by just wasn't listening to anybody. I thought I had it all figured out. Yeah. And, you know, I was talking to Mike about this is I had to go through everything I went through to be the man I am today to be sitting here with you right now. I had to go through all those struggles and it sucked. It really did. I wish things maybe, wish I didn't do the things that I did with the same time. Like I'm grateful I went through all those hard times and I'm grateful I made those mistakes. So I could learn from those. Especially now that I have kids, you know, I'm going to have my daughters going to be four, my sons tend to make so old and, you know, I went through a lot of hard lessons that hopefully they won't have to go through the person because I'll be able to guide them and stop them for making those poor decisions or saying the wrong thing or doing the wrong thing. And, you know, it's made me a man from learning from my mistakes. And of course, I wish I didn't make them but part of life, you know, hard lessons have to be learned sometimes and I've always been one last to figure it out for myself. When you put that kind of pressure on yourself too, I mean, it doesn't matter who it is. You were just, where you're sitting right now, we could go with Seth Rosy and he went through something that was very, very high pressure and it happened to buckle, had a lot of home-life problems and I think that there's a takeaway here. It's how you deal with them, right? And I know that your childhood, there was a lot because you told me, you know, that they had it you on medication at a young age and now you've talked about this. So I'm not putting something out there that you haven't already spoken about in prayer or podcasts because that was the thing that I was always trying to do is I was always trying to keep your information confidential. And until you started talking about it, then people came and talked to me, then I'd acknowledge it. They were like, yeah, mental health, right? And was this something you were struggling with? The whole time when you're growing up? Yeah, I've dealt with a lot of mental health issues in dollars. Like four or five years old. It started out like OCD, it was obsessive components of disorder. I remember I had all my toy cars. They'd be lined up along the side of my room, insert an order, certain colors, my size. And if anybody messed with my cars, it moved it a little bit. I would know and I would freak out. I went through a phase where if my hair wasn't perfect, I would spend hours on my hair in the morning before I go to school because not one hair can be off. I went through a phase when I was in first grade where I had an obsession with washing my hands. I couldn't touch anything because things were dirty. I'd wash my hands at the point that my hands were raw. My fingernails fell off. And then that evolved into a school phobia. I had really tough time going to school and leaving my parents to the point where I would take off running from my classroom. I think it was an album and an expressway. Actually, it was one of those busy streets in San Jose. I remember my parents dropped me off that kindergarten. I busted out the door and chased their car down the road on one of those busy streets. And yeah, I ended up getting put on pros acquinals like six years old. I managed a cop, but it was stuff that I dealt with with. I was on an anti-depressive medication, I was a senior in high school and I graduated. I didn't want to have that stigma among medication. I started smoking weed and I thought that would help me out. It was just kind of evolved into one thing after another from OCDA to an anxiety disorder, into a panic anxiety disorder. We just kind of been trying to figure out what the issue has been. Getting out of right diagnosis, I've taken a lot of mental health tests to figure out if I'm a split personality disorder, borderline personality disorder, bipolar disorder. Actually, I mentioned it last night. I've never been diagnosed with bipolar disorder or purported eye personality disorder. We thought we thought I had all the symptoms and whatnot, but the doctors told me, they said, no, you're not that. You suffer from panic and anxiety depression. That's what they said I have. And that's back then or now. No, I'm still not. I'm on your transparent home medication. I've been on medication for about two years. I think that's helped a lot because I fell in a deep dark hole in 2020 and went everything fell apart for me. I lost everything. I lost all my sponsors. I got publicly humiliated. It was tough time. They're not like that. I got my wife pregnant. My fiance at the time and now my wife, she got pregnant. That was a scary time because I didn't have anything. When my daughter was born, I was down to like last $10,000 of my bank account with hardly any money coming in. It was really rough, really rough. I managed to pull together. I did. I did make a lot of changes in my life. Cleaned a lot of things up. I started digging deeper into my faith and trying to establish relationships with God and I really feel he pulled me out of the hole. I remember a specific time I was in micro-roach and things were just falling apart. Remember, it was a rainy day outside. I was looking out the trees are blowing and I was just like at the end. I didn't know what to do. I'm pretty much saw my knees and I brought bottom. I got to give it up to you. There's nothing else I can do. I've tried it on my own. It doesn't work. There's nothing in my, there's nothing working right now. I have nowhere else to turn. I turned to Christ. I'm still working on my faith and work on my walk with God every single day. Every night I pray for Him to draw me closer to Him so to straighten my path and fix the thoughts that go through my head and make sure that my actions are the way I want to represent being a follower of Christ. It's important. Every time I get close to God, He makes my life in every way. That's something that I feel I've better with is going in and out of my relationship with God. Getting close to Him and drifting away. Getting close to Him and drifting away. That's something I've been working on is not letting myself drift as far. Trying to stay as close as possible because there's a correlation of each point between my relationship with God and how my life is playing out. I've seen that unfold time and time again. When I'm close to Him, things are good. When I fall away from Him, things fall apart. There's no way of turning my back off that anymore. I know where my happiness movement comes from. It's the things that matter in life and I was thinking about last night. We were talking about, it's just seeing the image in where you're at right now and seeing the success that you've had through everything, not just financially but finances too. The money. I'm not where I could have been financially and have things played out differently. At the same time, I valued so much of the materialistic things. Money, cars, girls, everything, so much earlier on in my career that was important things like my family, my relationship with God and my relationships with my friends and people around me that that all fell apart. So it was my understanding now in the way I feel is no matter money or ever give you that fulfillment or the purpose that a relationship with God will give you. I'm very happy with my life right now. I'm doing a lot better for myself and a lot of people probably think I am and I'm very content. I have a beautiful family, I've got two amazing kids. Amazing wife. I live in a very nice home. I've got two nice cars. I don't drive a Lamborghini anymore. I don't want to drive a Lamborghini anymore. I don't want that attention. I don't want to put my value into those things. My life is so much different than a way it used to be. I was telling somebody to show that it's different for me coming back and being involved in the sport because it brings back a lot of feelings and when I walked away when I got kicked out pretty much of the sport in 2019 and people I felt whenever I walked around people were talking about when you have a finger at me or looking down on me there's just a lot of negative emotions that were tied to the bodybuilding industry and when I moved back to Northern California I dissonced myself from all of that. I got a very small group of friends. I've worked out of a small gym. My buddies aren't big Instagram and full-on tears. They're just great guys. It's just a completely different outlook that I have on life right now and I know that as long as I'm pursuing the things that God has for me, he's given me and my life the blessings he's given my life that he's going to take care of me and he's always has. There's never been a moment in my life that no matter how bad things have gotten, he's never let me out to drive. No matter how bad things have gotten. I've always had a roof over my head. Well, I've been over by my family. I was food on the table and he's blessed me and I had to lose everything in order for him to review the blessings that he has given me. I think that your journey has been a long... I don't know how to even break it down. There's been a lot of highs and lows. Life though, man. Yeah, it really is. And I think that obviously emotionally, I was a part of that because I'm so tied to my athletes. I'm so tied, you know, at that point to you and being able to like, remember your dad pulling me aside and saying because the first one, we won together and he said to me, he was, thank you for raising my child. And I go, what do you mean by that? And he said something along the lines of, he's like, I did it until he was in high school and you did it when he became a man. Because I don't remember if it was you or him that said something like, you know, I felt like he was going to either be locked up or he could be dead with the people he was running with. So that was a lot of pressure for me. But as I am, I'm a person who wants to take on it, you know, I parents love you. They still do this. They're really nice people. Your parents are very, very sweet. And I know that was very difficult and they would tell me that. They said Jeremy was a very difficult child. And it was one of those things that it was like, okay, we have the 15-year age difference. Not a little, but not super crazy huge difference, but it's the same time I sick. I'm a 16, I believe. I'm going to, you know, be 15 a couple weeks here. And you're 34. But again, because you were so young and when you became successful, the hard thing about it is that we're in a narcissistic sport. Narcissism runs rampant in it. And being able to try to keep someone motivated or they feel good because that's what you feed off of is the compliments and all that. But at the same time trying to keep you grounded was one of the hardest things I've ever done in my entire career because of your highs and lows. And I still, I mean, I'm always trying to understand what those highs and lows were and what was causing them because sometimes you drink and you would just go off the hinges. And I mean, we're talking for years, right? Is that working together and going around the world? And there were some painful moments. And again, being like I said, this is a podcast. This is for you and I haven't spoken really in five years. Right? And so since 2019, I think Iron Man is the last time we really spoke. Is that shortly after the LA Finx? Yeah. So that was in January, February? Yeah. So I guess this next couple of months would have been six years. Right? So it was almost six years. And it really affected me because I really felt like almost failed as a father figure to you, almost like Uncle Honey because as you know, I try to help every aspect of your life. And it's a lot of weight to bear. And I remember you guys like fill and everybody was like, dude, just you have to try to reap. Group your thoughts and your emotions. But I'm like, no, I got to try to help him. I got to try to help him. And when you're good, the next minute, not to, you had sometimes really bad. And I felt like with all of those things, I just, as painful as they were, I'd always sweep them out of the rug. And I feel like everything is coming full circle because now, since I announced my retirement from the coaching part, and I'm still training, you know, like said, helping people train doing a lot of those things, but not taking on those burdens. Because again, I didn't know how to differentiate those. I'm sure a lot of those coaches do. Just that wasn't something that it was all a cart for me. It was, the coaches aren't doing what you did for me and for the other athletes. You know, for our relationship, I feel the coaching was a very small part of it. You know, it was a much more personal relationship, you know, it was family. That's what you ordered me. So that's why it was so hard. And that's why I beat myself up for so many years for the way things ended between you and I because it was my fault. And it's suck, man. It's suck for a long time. I didn't forget myself for a long time. Yeah, I mean, that's hard. And I think that, you know, it was hard for me to forgive you for a long time because there was so much bitterness and venom that was spent during the time. And I think that after the 2019 thing, there was a lot of insecurity. And I think that this point of the entire journey has been highs and lows due to insecurity. Whether it's winning, I mean, we almost got to fist fight in Australia because you had saw what you had saw, Sidique was being driven around in a Lambo and you thought that he had gotten a Lambo and you've been Mr. Olympia now, you know, meant to seek Olympia winner, I should call it, for a year and we were going into Australia. But you were so triggered that I remember it was, you can like hold your rage back. And when you showed me the picture, I go, he's not driving. He's being driven in this car. It's not his car. But because of optics, and you know, Sidique was just trying to be cool. And he posted something. But at the time, just trying to calm you down. And it was like, I couldn't understand the rage. And I don't know if that came from insecurity. I don't know what that came from. But is that something that you feel like you've been able to kind of be able to kind of control at this point? And I still deal with certain days when I wake up, I don't feel myself. But I've been able to handle the outbursts a lot better, not raging on people. Been able to control a lot better and being able to catch myself a lot sooner when I start feeling those emotions. And I attribute out to my wife as well. My wife is a very understanding person. She's been somebody that's been able to help me become better by being understanding and not adding fuel to the fire when things get bad. And she's able to talk to me off the ledge. But also just the love that we have for each other and our family. I know I had to grow up and be better for them. You know, I'm not a kid anymore. I can't say all I'm going to fix things when I become an adult 34 now. And I think I did a lot that way. I was on my 20s. I used my ages of excuse. I'm just young, and stupid. I can't say that at 34 years old anymore. Yeah. Well, my also thing that I was always think about, especially now more than even back then, is is there a chemical imbalance that's occurring at a very, very high rate because of antibiotics, right? Because you hear now guys that are like, my kids were tell talks about how he's in her rage. And now when I hear him talk about that, and I'm going, wow, that was Jeremy. Jeremy got like, all he saw was red. See the thing is I saw red before I have a god in the body building. That's the thing is like, it's hard for me to blame the steroids on it. But I'm sure I didn't help sure that's for sure. I know there was one time every and some trend and you're like, you gotta get off that. Right. Now. And yeah. And I handle my last prop a lot better. You know, everybody can attest to that. That was around me. So I think I was like on an older, you know, I've been able to handle it a lot better. And, you know, yeah. Well, do you think that also when you look at and you contribute, not just the compounds, but when you sit there and talk about the emotional roller coaster, because you're also drinking, right? Was that something that also made it worse? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I wasn't like drinking during the weekends. I've had partying on the weekend. No, no. Was it like alcoholic or anything like that? Would drink on the weekends in party and, you know, I was doing party drugs and stuff like that too. And I would get that super high high from being messed up. And then the following days, I mean, he's crashed. Your door fins are dope. Me levels are crashed. And so, you know, and adding that on top of what I, my already chemical compounds that I have dealt with, you know, just, it was a recipe for disaster. And that's what happened time and time again with me. I don't drink like that anymore. I haven't been drunk and I don't know how long. I'll have a couple of drinks, but haven't been drunk probably in four or five years. Well, I think that that's probably a lot to do with being more stable than you were because again, you wouldn't drink all the time, but when you did drink, you would binge drink. Right? Like you're drinking it by stuff. Yeah. And you'd get violent. You'd like somebody would look at you wrong and they're like, I don't know if I'd do it out. Right? And so, I think that the whole thing is that when people ask me about how was it when we were working together, and I'm always going to say the same thing, I think you have an amazing heart. Because in its core, you really value people. You really care about people, but I felt like you weren't happy with yourself. And I feel like those things that these people that are listening to this are watching this podcast on YouTube can be able to understand and realize whether it's themselves or whether it's their loved ones, how abusive people can get because of that inner anger and how they have to be able to try to do whatever they can to try to create peace and try to be able to be more tranquil because there's a lot of pressure that creates anxiety that then can accumulate to high amounts of stress and you end up becoming that person you don't want to be. And some people are much more chill about it because they're naturally much more calm. But like you said, you're already naturally angry. You're naturally with all the things that we're going on in your childhood that weren't dealt with. And I feel that when people listen to this, you have to realize if you have of those types of traits, you should really understand that drinking recreational drugs, these compounds can make you into the devil. And I feel like those are things where when we did try to have those conversations, you obviously were just like shutting them down because you're like, it's not from that. And that's what made it really hard because we would travel all around the world together and there was days where we were just like amazing things are great. And then the next day something would trigger you. And then again, I don't know if you've taken something or you've done something or you drank the night before after we got done with the expo or something. And then it all was sudden the next day. It's like, oh shit, you know, Dr. Jackal must ride, right? And I think that a lot of people that asked me and I said, I don't think you realize because it was always roses and unicorns and rainbows on the outside. So when we used to shoot our YouTube videos and doing all this FSD7 stuff, we're doing ladders, we're doing this. It was always just the highlight reel. It was never about showing any of the, like a family, very similar to a family. And where everything looks really great and it's like the table is sat and everybody's getting along but they don't know behind the scenes. There's a lot of shit that was going on and how difficult that really was. And so with all those things being said, you know, I went through for really good Olympia wins. They were awesome. And I remember you got your tattoo. I think it was after what second or third. It was a second one. And I was like, what'd you do? And you're like, I got a Evee's in total. He likes on my neck. And I was like, that's a sticker, right? Like it's a good idea. It was a temporary tattoo. And you're like, no. And you know, and I mean to this day, it's like, I still like again, I don't have tattoos. It's my company. I don't have tattoos. But I'm also one of those people who change my mind about a lot of things. So I'm like, I don't want any permanent thing. Go after this. You can't imagine one of you want to. Well, now we got the new one. Get a new logo. But it's a new logo on there. With the, well, like he's out in the front desk, it's a, it's a more updated logo after 17 years. Well, it's a pleasure not to be 17 years here next month. I still have it, man. I've covered up a lot of tattoos over the years, but there's, I haven't covered up the Evee's in. It's for a good reason. You know, I've, some of the best years my life with the Evee's in my memories with you and traveling the world. I can't cover that up. There's no covering that up because such a huge part of my life. I'm very grateful for. I wouldn't have been able to experience a thing that I experienced my life. It wasn't for you. So I'm very grateful for that. And there's members. I'm going to hold on forever. There's some members. I'm going to tell my kids, my grandkids. We got videos of it to show. Yeah. It's just, it was such an amazing time despite the rough times that we had. We had even greater times than there were hard times. Yeah. We had much better times than we were bad. But the bad was so bad that it was one of those things that were at compounded the very end as were things got really sideways. And for those that, you know, again, I get hit up about this all the time. A little bit lesser now in the last year or two, but at least for the first three years that we didn't talk, it was a lot. Until you put out a video, getting ready for the Olympia last year. And it was like an apology video with a bit of an explanation. Yeah. And I think I was tagged maybe a thousand times on that video, probably more. And I remember in a life, you know, told me she was like, show me you'd post it about you. And she was like, check, check people in the area on Instagram where people tag you. And I saw it. Then I saw it. And I was like, okay. And I went and take a look. And, okay, he's getting ready for the Olympia. It's just cool. You know, um, he's apologizing. I wish this would have happened sooner to a degree outside. But it wasn't one of those things where I was like, in a rush to have a conversation. Because everyone says, well, can we, can you at least kind of like have a conversation, get them on a podcast, get them on the podcast? And I said, I, I need to be in the right mind space. And I am a person who has 10, and I'm leaning into this a lot right now. And I'm learning this about myself. A lot of the traumas and a lot of even even the victories and had trauma built into it, because it was very rough. A lot of those wins, whether it was you, whether it was Phil, whether it was Seabomb, whether it was Derek. I mean, it doesn't matter. A lot of those, there was so much stress because there was so many hiccups that happened with injuries or porn body part or whatever it was. And, um, and they got many of them we got through, right, with all of you guys. But I never really dealt with that emotional trauma. And now that I'm officially retired from elite coaching and trying to evolve into coaching instead of three people at one time, trying to share lessons to three million people that follow me. I really want people to learn that there's a cost to all of this. And as selfish is, my athletes are because they have to go through it and they have to kind of compartmentalizes you know. How many times is you have to do things where you can do things with your family or you can do things with your loved one or your significant other because you're trying to prep. You're trying to do this. There's so many things that you can't do and enjoy your parts of your life because you're sacrificing. And I did the same thing with my family by sacrificing the connection, the connectivity, being present to be able to do those things. And then going out and then coming back and saying, hey, fair enough to say, well, how the trip go and go, you don't want to know. We had some, you know, bad, bad times. And I think that a lot of people think that this coaching thing is really about counting reps and telling people how much chicken to eat for having some magic cycle. And if I would have every single one of you, Olympia but I've coached for the last 25, sit across from me. I would say it's a lot more different than that. And I don't know how to put it in words, but you literally have to be able to self-sacrifice for your athlete. At least that's what I had to do. You know, family did. And I was talking to Mike about it, you know, Cameron was born three months before you signed me, you know. And then the next six years, I required so much of your attention and so much your energy. I'm going to call on you in the night, pissed off or crying or upset. You have been talking about the weather and you got your wife and your son sitting in a living room waiting for you to get out the phone with me. I'm sorry for that. No, and I appreciate it. I appreciate, you know, you're really making an effort right now. And then you have been, so I'm not going to take away for the last several years, it's just that I wasn't ready to have those conversations. It's happening when it needed to happen because honestly, it had happened a few years, two years ago, it had been the right time for me either. I had to, for me to understand what I put you through. I had to have a family of my own to really understand that. My family is the most important thing to me. My kids are everything to me. So seeing that you're retiring from coaching when you made that post, like I was genuinely happy for you. Because I know how much it has weight on you over the years. I remember having a conversation with you and Kuwait about Cameron, about you not feeling like you were there enough. And you were in tears over it. And it sucks. It sucks seeing you like that because I know how important your family was to you. And I'm happy that you have been able to finally get to a point in your career now that you are able to take the time for yourself and for your family because they deserve it, you deserve it. And there's still plenty of time, man. Cameron's only 11. Yeah. Yeah. And the good thing about it is he loves it. And he asks about it and he's so into it, which is great. And I would love to be a part of that journey, but without the emotional connection that is deep as me coaching was. And even still is, this is not an easy thing for me to reprogram my thought process about even when you got on stage. And I was with Seabon back stage. And I know you were getting ready. And I'm trying to look at you. And I'm like, okay, I wonder, you know, I wonder how he's going to do. And I know I got to go back because I had hot and Derek still for the finals. And you guys were going at the same time in 2023 as right after Chris went with classic. And then I'm like, I have to go back. And I'm sitting there and going, shit, I really want to go see what Jeremy looks like. You know, I hope he does well because of the fact that I know that you have a ability to really, really shine because of how your structure is. I mean, you were the standard for many years. And so I'm just like, he doesn't have to win, but just I hope he looks good. And I didn't get to see it. I didn't look that good. Yeah, I mean, I saw you just kind of walk by backstage and I couldn't see in the light. And I'm like, you know, I got, I wonder what he's going to look like, you know, and I didn't, and I just get in text messages. Everyone's like, hey, what do I next? When you come see me, you know, Chris was done. I'm like Chris, give him hugs and high fives. Love you, bro. I got to go check on the boys of the open guys. And then they were just calling you guys up. And then I didn't get a chance to look at it. But it was one of those things where, you know, that whole entire weekend was very, very different because, you know, first Olympiad, you done without me, right? Since we start, you know, you start winning. And I was just like, you know, I knew it wasn't going to be easy. He wasn't. Yeah. I'm looking, I'm glad that I had water in my corner for it, you know. I am too. He understood the relationship that we had. Water has been a friend of mine for years. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, before every Olympiad I didn't want to be up in my room, praying with me the night before he's been a good friend. Never asked much of me. And he cares about me. You know, I, I needed somebody that could, somewhat fill the shoes that you provided for me during those years as far as the emotion will support. Yes. That went behind it all because I knew that I can do the dieting. I can do the training. We was just getting over that mental help of getting back on stage and having somebody, you know, nudging me the whole time because going to the prep, I wasn't confident at all. You know, I've been off the stage for a long time. Everybody told me the division now growing me and that was stuck in my head. And I had people around me telling me I'm still great and I can still hang in there with the guys and water is the first person to say, call them right now because you, I think you can still win the Olympiad. Do I think that? I don't know. But he does. And I needed somebody that believed in me like that and somebody that can, you know, pick me up when I'm down on myself and he did a great job of that. Just like I used to. And you know, a lot of guys, why didn't you go with a bigger name coach or somebody has more accrued ways in water? I wasn't looking for that. You know, I wanted somebody that can trust in somebody. I knew the love me and the care about me that would be there with me through the highs and lows. And fortunately, water is somebody that I'm able to stay very even with, you know, he's just a super chill guy and, you know, we have a good time together and I trust him. So I'm glad that we did the prep together. Yeah, I mean, you literally lived together for 10 weeks. Yeah, yeah, we had it locked in. It was up until two days out, you know, things are no fault. Sure. But you know, I had high expectations going into, I thought I was going to win going into Orlando. You know, I really did. I thought I had everything I needed to be ready and, you know, it just kind of fell apart. Orlando, you need 23 Olympiad. Yeah, 22 years. Yeah. So, you know, it's just, it was a different experience. A lot different experience and, you know, walking around with you and being part of the division. Yeah. Yeah, but the good thing is, when you, when I heard you're working with Wadi, I was like a bit relieved because I knew that he was going to care right and he was going to care because again, coach is no fence to the rest of the coach is out there. But I know you're not going to be sleeping in between aerial cuts, his kids and what he called it, and you know, on the same room up there, you know, because he's got his system, you know, and he can do what he can do. But when, when you're working on a whole different level, it's going to be different of what is needed because it's a big gap. You know, it's very similar to when you are going through the process like I did for the Olympia after the Olympia this year, I was like, okay, well, how is, you know, what's Derek going to do? What's how are you going to do? How am I going to, you know, what are the needs that they're going to, you know, need? But part of that is coping mechanism and then being able to make sure that you got to figure out what's best for you when you're going to work with somebody, right? Like what's going to happen? Um, every person has different needs and I told everybody like, you guys can come and train with me. I'll be a part of it. It's just that I can't carry the heavy burden of that stress daily, that I normally do. I have to reprogram that. So find somebody who can be able to deal with the daily stuff, any of the gym stuff. I'm here as a trainer, but on the coaching side with that emotionally charged formula that has been great, been fantastic, but it's just no longer, there's no more juice than the, and the bottle of the squeeze, you know, it's got to, it's got to change for me. Do you think you're going to be able to step away from that? Completely. I think as much as you have that a personal relationship is about you have with all of us, all of them now. Yeah. You know, they're still friends of yours. Yeah. So it's going to be like there, you know, you care. Yeah. So when an issue pops up, you know, you think, you just, I mean, they're going to talk to you. Sure. Yeah. And, and you know what, I think it's all going to be different, but depending on the person, I think how do you has a completely different personality than Derek? How you've been doing it for a very long time. Derek definitely needs to find somebody, and I know that he has, and, you know, gone through this, we're talking to several coaches, and I said, you need to figure out what's best for you and who you connect with. Then those key elements of what that person's going to coach you on are the most important elements that you need, because some of the emotional stuff that that person making, that you've not gave you, or just isn't a part of, you can get those from family, you can get those from other things, you can get, you know, just, maybe you've learned to cope with it, and now you don't need that person like me to do those things, and it's okay. But so everybody's going to be different with that, but in regards to me personally, it is a 100% turnaround, 180 degrees of where I'm normally doing, like when I was in Canada a week and a half ago, and normally I'd be glued to my phone just to see if there's anybody that needs anything, and so that's the presence where I'm like, everyone's a good man, everybody knows. You know what I mean? And everybody respects it, and they do. They do, and, but, everybody, I feel like everybody wants that for you too, you know, you've, we've all seen the work you put in over the years. Yeah, and I'm not going to be like abandoning anybody. I'm just there as a second set of eyes, I'm still getting a given opinion, so it was asking me for it. Want to get workouts and steel workouts? I just want to be more trying, I'm going to, I'm retraining my brain so that I can be able to coach other coaches, so therefore I can get more of the word out of how to do things on a healthier manner so that you can have kids. You're not going to have a long-term organ damage. You're not going to have to do things, you know, where you're going to have such damage to your body that it's going to hinder you for the rest of your life. At whatever level you decide to do this in, because there's a lot of coaches out there that don't think about that. They just want to get the win. Right. And you're the lab rat, and they don't care, and they're going to experiment, and then they're going to go on to the next one. And they're not going to worry about your blood pressure, your blood work, how you're lifting your joints, you know, your mental health, all of these things that have to go on with it. And I have assessed so much about all of those things that I just took away from everything else that I still need to worry about. And that's why I like I have to reallocate the focus. But, tansheria question, is it going to be easy? No, because I constantly want to go back to that, and I have to go back and be like, okay, no. It's okay. People are all grown-ups. Done some amazing things. I'm here if you need me. I'm here if I go into the gym. And I want to really try to go into the gym and share my knowledge on this podcast, on my app, on my platforms, and be able to really just say, there is a healthier way of bodybuilding. And I think you sharing some of the things that we went through just now and talking about the mental ups and downs and how you can get so supercharged to the point where you want to be physically just violent and how you have to try to control yourself with that journey. You know, now you can sit down and hear that me talking to you before anything that I would say dude, you were like, on it. Dude, like you were like, I don't want to hear this. This is bullshit. I'm like, I was attacking you. Where I was talking to you in the same tone as I'm talking to you right now. But, back then, you couldn't, couldn't let anyone hear it. No. No. And I just feel like, if anybody, even one person who's listening to this podcast can take something away from that, I want to share that. And I want to be able to use your experience for them, because they truly love this sport. Just as much as you and I. And I feel like even people who aren't in the sport who are into anything that's extreme or any high level person who wants to compete at any sport has to sacrifice. And it can get very unhealthy physically and emotionally. I mean, even financially, where people's looking at the car, people go out of their way to do weird shit to try to make the money to do what, you know, what is part of their dream. Do you have anything else you can share on that side? Because I really feel like, do you think counseling? Because again, yeah, I mean, you've got to, things are, things are falling apart on you and you can, I mean, you can feel it. You know, you're, you're, you're just no peace within. And you don't have to live that way. I've realized that. Like, I lived out peace for so long. I always felt like I was fighting life. You know, always trying to keep my head above water. No matter how good things work for me, you know, no matter how much money was coming in, no matter any of those materialistic things, you know, I was always battling. And we're bent to have peace in our lives. There's, there's meant to be, there's meant to be, there's meant to be peace. If you aren't having that peace, you need to take a step back and figure out what that causes and what, or the root of the issues coming from. And oftentimes, it's coming from within. And being able to take a step back and look in the mirror and call yourself out on the bullshit. And it's really hard to do, especially when you're, when I was as equal testicles, I was and as narcissistic as I was, it's hard to put the blame on yourself when you're so busy pointing fingers to other people. And, you know, it took me a long time to be able to step back and stop blaming others to figure out why things happened to me the way they happened to me. It was realizing what I did to cause the things that had happened or to cause certain people to treat me a certain way or say something about me. And it wasn't, it took away the hate, took away the anger. I hated a lot of people for so many years. I lived in so much hate in my heart that it was impossible to keep my head above water because I was so filled with rage all the time. And that's what the double wants us to do. You want us to fix it on these negative things. You want us to fix it on us not being good enough. And you want us to point and blame and not be able to fix us from within because, you know, that's what you want. You want us to dig us a deeper and deeper and deeper hole. That's where he gets his satisfaction from. And I realized that and I wasn't going to give him to them anymore. I needed to fix the issue and it came back to me understanding what I did to cause the things that have happened instead of pointing at everybody else. I had best and bad people in my life. But I also allowed those people in my life and I allowed them to influence my decision making. And that falls back on me, not them. I think a lot of people are very granular when it comes to wanting to know. And I am going to give you guys a little bit of insight on exactly how things ended because number one, many asked number two, the ones that don't know are going to want to be like, what exactly happened. And so as Jeremy and I were competing through in 2018, he had just, was getting ready for the for the Olympia, but 2017 was I believe our fourth Olympia one. Jeremy ended up doing, I think it was for charity. Not throughout charity event. Yeah, I'm not over 2018, 17. I told my dad, he wanted to do is a charity bench press contest. And I don't know if it was a contest, was it a contest? I had a big event. I had the strength cartel come out and they did the deathlift, the bench press and we were just raising money. We had a bunch of sponsors chip in for every pound. Right. And I remember I called you the night before, told you about it. Yeah. No, you told me about it about a week or two before. And then I said, you're not doing it yourself, right? And you're like, no, no, I'm going to be a part of it too. And I said, Jeremy, there's a reason why I don't like you having any, none of my athletes, I like to bench press. Because if you go in there and you try to go in there and hit some kind of crazy heavy max, chances are that's where the number one pectair exercises is flat, barbell press. So, told me that, you told me that my whole career, yeah, my entire career starts in. And that's why when I did it, I'm like, he's right again. And I even called you the night before and I said, look, 225, 225, you're fine. Try not to go heavier than that. Maybe do some reps with that, something like that point. If you really, really need to do it, but don't go heavier than that. And you said, I'm fine, I'm good. And it was like, you know, you're Superman. You know, you wanted to be like, I'm going to prove that I'm man. It's okay. You don't have to tell me what to do, Dad. I'm going to go ahead and do it. And then the next day, you called me. And what'd you do? Tell me back. How much was she? She was four or five. There you go. Okay. So, you put 400 pounds on, tore your petac. And you called me, and you're like, just completely shattered, right? Just like, I'm embarrassed to. Yeah. And again, instead of me saying, I told you so, I just said, obviously, we need to figure out how bad it is. We need to get with the surgeon. We have to see is rolling up. How bad is it? Thing, just throw ice on there, get ice on it. Let's get you to orthopedic surgeon. And then what happened? Dad, surgery. Yeah. That surgery. And we weren't playing out competing about you at all. We were going to take it off. And then I think I just got bored. Got bored and things kind of like kind of as a started, uh, having a good time. And with lost, I got distracted and I needed something to keep me structured. So, we decided to jump back into a prep. I started working out again. I put some size back on it. I remember as outside of a self-image shop and I posted a picture on Instagram. You called me because that would eat the cool guy. Is that what you look like right now? I said, yeah, I think we can pull this off. We were like 14 weeks out. Right. I think we can pull this off. And I remember I was getting, I got excited. I go, if you tell me we were doing a wimpier, we're fucking doing it. Right. And then you said, let's do it. Yeah. And we pulled together pretty good. Yeah. I looked pretty good going in. It just wasn't the same as it was that year before. Yeah. I didn't have a full off season and I started prep at like 170 pounds 14 weeks out and into a full stage of 180. We grew into the show, but it just wasn't enough to be able to be like you were. Yeah. And then not only battle, all the distractions are my limpia prep. I was still trying to live that rock star lifestyle as part of the weekends and not sleeping and different girl every other night. There's this busy, busy and distracted and not focused on being the limpia champion and doing what was necessary to win in that reflected on stage. And I remember every single one p.m. take off my shirt backstage and there would be like fuck, Jeremy one. Right. Everyone. That year didn't happen. I remember Brandon Hendrix and took off his shirt. I'm like, well, that was a fun ride. That's over. And you know, I just didn't know how to handle it after that. I thought I could, I thought like the first couple days after the limpia was taking it pretty well. I was handling the link pretty well. And then, you know, I just, uh, I think I was embarrassed to for losing. And then, not really knowing what was next, even though I had everything set up. It was a neat successful. Yep. You know, we had an agreement that was going to make sure that I was taken care of for the rest of my life. Yep. And had some influence from some other people that I shouldn't have listened to. And like I said, not blaming them, but I blamed myself for listening to some bad advice. And I self sabotaged the whole thing. And um, we ended up going to LA FIT Expo. You had just signed Andre DeYouve because I told you to. Mm-hmm. And I got really jealous of that. I saw you start investing some time into him. And I was like, you shot and replaced me. And that wasn't the case. It was me putting that on my head. Yeah. And I've fixated on that. I kept partying. And 2019 was a part of your for me for sure. You know, I hardly remember very much of it. Just just a emotional drama. I went through I remember all the traumatic stuff. You know, I'd do it a good time. I met my wife at that time. And you know, she was a... It's a pretty pretty, pretty state of me during that time. But I'm very grateful she did. And you know, I'm different now. But um, we ended up going to LA FIT Expo. We met for lunch. I remember we met for lunch somewhere. Yep. I don't remember, I think I was pissed off about Andre or something. And I remember I said, you know, fuck this I'm done. I got to walk out. You fall me outside. I got in my car. S-curted off. How they burning out. Joe called me and was like, you need to get your ass back here. I don't know, fuck this I'm done. And I thought I could do it on my own. You know, I was... I didn't think I thought I had everything figured out. I thought I was making a ton of money at the time. And I was doing good. And I thought that I can branch off and do my own thing. And you know, I might have been able to my head, it was on straighter. But it wasn't. And I just ended up, you know, one thing after another in 2019. Not only that, but you know, I had pissed off enough people with big enough followings to come together and really make sure that, you know, things came to a halt for me. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think in a nutshell, it was, it was a really bad advice for you. But looking back at it, you know, even the person that it was giving you the advice and I went to prison six months after that whole quote unquote negotiation that we were trying to figure out what to do. Yeah. I've said to say that guy had me wrapped out his finger. You know, I had everybody in my corner tell me to stay away from that guy. I'm including you, my parents, everybody, but you know, I was blinded by the flashiness of all the things that were told to me about what could have been and the cars, the money and this lifestyle and it was all a facade. I rented cars. I didn't rent my lamp. I've known that. No, I'm talking about the rented cars. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. He was trying to show you success that we're rented. And I remember when I first met him, I should, I mean, it should have been red flagged with the same time. I was like, 25, but never seen money like that before. He was like, you got to fake it till you make it. You know what we said? Yeah. He said that to me. Yeah. You know what's funny is that's what I said. I said that's a fake it to you make it kind of attitude. Yeah. And I said that's not a proven model. The big boost, you know, you had the clothing line. Hero, hero. Very cool clothing line. You had left, lift it. You had, excuse me, I think you had VQ maybe at the time. Yeah. That bunch of sponsors at the time. Yeah. Like three or four different clothing companies were sponsored by. Yeah. Fathers and sons. A better wear. Yeah. Yeah. A bunch of different stuff. And then you shut all of them off or most of them and then to do this gig. And the thing that I told you and this is one of those aha moments because I said, like, I think a lot of this is just a lot of window dressing. And it's just fluff because big booth doing this, doing that. We're doing big things. But you're looking to paint. And then what ended up happening was I said, you're losing opportunity here because you're turning off what was really paying you. And you ended up not taking it check for two years. Yeah. I never made a penny from my clothing company. All the money was in bezel. Out of it, I put all the money down for that clothing company to get started. And yeah, when actually broke down was when there was tax season, I needed the PLL for our business to get to my accountant and it was like pulling teeth trying to get that. And when I finally got the PLL and balance sheet, I noticed an owner's driver single month on it. I was like, yeah, I thought we weren't paying ourselves. Because, oh, well, you know, I'm doing it. I'm running everything, but I'm like, no, let's not be disgust. Why are you getting the check and I'm not? Right. And then amongst a bunch of other things, I gave money to investments. Yeah. I had six houses I bought that were my depth of money to me. And yeah, a lot of things. Yeah, because you wrote check for that on top of the opportunity loss of hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars. And then it's just needed two million dollars in sales at first. You're at the clubbing company. Right. And see a penny of it. Right. Yeah. This is a tough pill to swallow. It really was, but you know, it's a can't go back in time. Right. I was mad about it for a long time. You know, it's up until, you know, year two years ago that you've been able to get over it. You know, it's what's gone has gone and all I can do. If I stay fixated on this, I'm not going to be able to move forward. Right. And it was being able to go to the past and let go of their regrets. And if you stay fixated on those, you're never going to move forward. And that's why I stayed stagnant for two or three years until I got my shit back together in 2022. Got back in the gym. Got my eyes fixed on Olympia again. And I realized, you know, I had spent all of my 20s. I was really good in school. I was a good student at once. You see Davis my first year that I dropped out of their bodybuild. You know, I could have been a doctor. I was studying, you know, biology at UC Davis. I could have spent my whole 20s studying something but instead, I spent my whole 20s building a brand and bodybuilding. So it's like, it's like somebody going through getting their doctor and then deciding they don't want to be a doctor in our 30s. So he just wasted all that time. So for me, I needed to get back to what I knew and why you could produce. So that's why I got myself back on stage because I needed to provide for my family. And, you know, through that time, I was able, you know, evolve and grow and show the world that I am a different person than I was before. And, you know, slowly company started coming back around and, you know, now I'm back to a point where I have to do a lot with a lot of companies. A lot of stuff in the company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, a lot of subland companies who didn't want anything to do it, especially here in the States after what happened with, you know, even gym and then, you know, shortly after was steel. How that was public. When everything had brought steel and dropped me. And when all those allegations came out. So it was very public and a lot of companies stayed away from me. You know, international deals that, you know, they were still okay with me coming out, still very popular internationally. But dealing with an international company is for anybody that is naffield. It's difficult to deal with an international company, especially collecting your money. You know, there's, you don't have any leverage with those companies where you can sue somebody. If they don't pay you for 10 or 15,000 dollars a month and go travel overseas, the fight of an court doesn't make sense. You can't do nothing about it. It's not worth it. So a lot of those companies are up to par and, you know, they just fell apart. So fortunately, I guess I went gap last year and or earlier this year, it's been good. I'm very happy with them. Very grateful for the opportunity. And, you know, I have my other sponsors as well that have stuck with me. VQ resimely in 2022, I messaged them with hand in a really bad spot. You know, I'm trying to pull myself out of this. I need some help. And their gracious enough to bring it back on board and help me. If it wasn't very thankful for language because it wasn't for them, I don't know if I wouldn't have been able to get back on my feet or put food on table with my family. And that was a little bit of boost. They're a little bit of confidence that they gave me to keep going. And, you know, I've been able to rebuild a lot in the past year and a half to a point where, you know, my family and I are very, we're doing well and I have plans for the future. You know, I'm going to be opening a gym in Roosevelt. You told me that last night. I've been working with Skalcore, great company out of Miami, Mike Rattini, the owner of Golds franchise owner of Golds and both Carolina has been a mentor of mine with the gym business and he's helped me out a lot and it's just the transition. You know, I'm getting older. I'm 34. I don't know, you know, I've said this is going to be my last year getting on stage. It's more than likely it is. My body's beat up. It's not the same as it used to be. It's not as fun training anymore because of the injuries and what's hurting on you now? Everything shoulders, everything on you. You know, getting out of bed in the morning, my lower back, it takes me forever to get loosened up. You know, you know, my rupture, my kill is twice this year. You know, my Pelage, I'm probably never going to be the same. It's messed my hips up, my knees up, which in turn is messed my lower back up even more. How did you tear your Achilles? Just I was filming content. I took one wrong step. I went to run, took one step and snap. And then I had surgery. Then two weeks after my first surgery, I took my daughter to the park. I was on my knee scooter and she kind of took off towards the street. So I went after I hit a piece of barcom, my knee scooter, tip me over. And I was in my walking boot and it landed on it and just you rupted on me again. Then how did you go back and get to go back in and get surgery? Six and a half months postop right now. And it's getting a lot better. Saw a drake green law played last night for the Niners. Ten months after he is a Achilles injury at the school last year. So I was a boost and confidence for myself. Aaron Rogers came back last year. If it was Achilles tear, played like shit this year. But it's all right. Yeah. You know, but it's just like right now. The biggest issue is like, you know, we're trying to do some curls. You show me the new machines and doing some curls. And you know, I got this break yallas issue that I've been dealing with. You can hardly group anything. You know, curl kicking way out of my shoulder. It just makes it really difficult to go in the gym and enjoy it as much as I used to when I go in there and just train both the wall like an animal. You know, we used to get after it. Yes. Nothing hurt. I just felt good and just trained fucking hard. Super hard. And I loved it. I loved it so much. It's gained that pop and squeeze and flexing just veins pop and everywhere. When I squeeze and flex now, it hurts. It don't feel the same. So anybody ever tell you about the old videos? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, people will talk about it. Yeah. I still will get people last saw your reference C7 video. I'm like, that was like 12 years ago. Yeah. Had a nice set of hair. You know, I got hair like you know. It's going on. Many good video turkey. You're going to do the hair transplant. I've been going with the honey ram bottle. You haven't seen me if they shaved head before. No. So, no. Yeah. We'll see. I'm going to have the call Christmas. The hour has turned out. But I saw Chris last week. Um, thinking you got a little bit of a touch up on it. But I'll know him in all the guys that I know that have done it. Then hotly just did it. I don't know how that that vacuum out. Because it's just starting to come back. Yeah. You can't train for a while. Which sucks. Yeah. Because, you know, they don't want the trauma of all the blood flow and everything else to disrupt the the new hair implant. But it's definitely a lot of people are doing it. Yeah. You think about it. They have, they've offered me to come out there. I told them, though. Maybe we should both go. I'll get, I'll get. I heard they do. They do mirroreds. We get some chest hair. I don't know. Back hair. Do you know where they take the hair to do the beard? No. For the tape. No. Yeah. Almost. Oh. It's like, I was like, do the curly. You did a nice and coarse. Yeah. A little curly. No. I'm full funny. But. That's too much. Yeah. They would have to plant my back hair into my head if I was going to be able to find enough hair. Yeah. I mean, I get some time. It's hard to travel with the kids. I don't only leave my wife at home with a three year old and a 10 week old baby. It's, you know, when I get some time, you know, my wife doesn't mind my hair. So, yeah. Just the guys on social media and half of India, they don't, they don't like, they don't like it. Yeah. They don't. The international guys with it was even sometimes. It once in a blue moon. That's not often now. But I remember like three, four or five years ago. It was a lot of people would come in there and like, oh, what are you doing baldy and why are you bald? I'm just like, it's called genetics. Yeah. All right. That's it. You should have stopped taking steroids. My dad has no hair. Yeah. Like, what do you? I don't think it was inevitable. No, it's genetic at that point. But, you know, you got, look, it sounds like you got a lot of things going for you now. It's good. I think the number one thing is your family and I think that, and I, and I actually said that when everything went sideways, I said, when Jeremy ends up having a family, I think that's the biggest thing that creates perspective for people. You know, when you get married is one thing, but when you have a child, it creates a lot of it. Now you have a girl and a boy. Yeah. So that's the Kevin and her old helped a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Girl dad. Yeah. She's got, she's got me wrapped up right after fingers. It's a saucepot, my heart for that little one. She tries me insane, but I love her so damn much. She's like a little mini me, so I know I got my hands full in the future. She's going to be absolutely beautiful. She looks like they like her mom's going to be absolutely beautiful and it's going to, you know, hurt me in teenager, getting all the boys ready. We're going to pull the bad boys singing on her first date. You see that? Yeah. Yeah. You're going to be like cleaning guns and stuff. That's it. You know, it's, having kids is, it's changed everything. You know, like, I prefer, I don't go out anymore. Like, I want to, a comedy club, my buddy Dave, about a month ago, the first time I got out with the guys or the guy in years, you know, it was fun, but at the same time I'd rather spend my Friday Saturday night hanging out with my kids and watching me be on the couch. That's where my joy comes from as it's being with them. Yeah. And it's, it's a truth. It's crazy. How much you can love somebody when you have a child of your own. It's such a different kind of love, you know, it's special. Yeah. Really. And you're got you so much more to go. You're going to have any more? You're thinking about it. Maybe more. Maybe more. Maybe more. I wouldn't mind it. I mean, we'll see. Yeah. I don't have it stop cleaning up the house. My wife and I haven't stopped cleaning up the house since the number two has been here because my daughter is just running around all the time. Because your boys ten weeks now, right? Ten weeks all of my, he's always, my wife's always holding them. So I've been, been having a little bigger responsibility of my daughter and, you know, she's at the age now where she just always wants to do something. Yeah. Dad, it's good apart. Dad's good at arcade. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. All day long. And I love it. But, you know, it's a, it's another thing with competing. You know, that's why I'm, you know, I don't, I think this is going to be it after this year, because it just takes away too much. You know, I went to prep and Denver last year being away from them for ten weeks. It was really hard. Yeah. It's really hard. And, you know, it goes by so quick to, you know, even the first four weeks of my son being more, we had a lot going on. You know, I've been negotiating the gym, the lease, and dealing with the city, and then we also had to move houses like three weeks after his born. And then I tried, you know, starting a prep for the Arnold, which I failed miserablely out this for the last six weeks. You know, the holidays coming around. Yeah. It's been a lot. And I can't, I don't want to miss 10 weeks or 12 weeks again, because ago, we don't want to get that back, especially at this age. You know, my son is literally tripled in size since he's been born. He's a 16 pound 10-way gold baby. He's, I showed you picture last night. He's like my little Buddha. Yeah. He's so cute. He's so cute. But he's just, it goes by quick. And since he's been born, my daughter just looks so much older. It's so much bigger to me. It's good. You know how it is? I know how it is. I'm just 11 and he was like, it's 18-25. It looks like, you know. So it's just my, my, my values are different. You know, when I was in my 20s, single, we're not married. It was different. You know, I was very, I wasn't so all about myself. And I, that was my priority was I went beyond making sure that I was taking care of. Now, you know, I'm fourth on the list. And who is important? Right. Yeah. That's a different mindset. It's a very, very big change. Well, I'm glad things were going much better. You know, I'm glad we were able to connect last night because again, it was super random. Yeah. Really random. And I was not going to nick of that. And I think when we saw each other in 2023 and you were getting ready to just do the check-ins, I certainly make it a point when I saw you, pull you aside. I said Jeremy, come here real quick. And I know I was doing the check-ins with Chris at the time. And then you guys are coming in and I just wanted you to make sure that you knew were good. I saw the video. We'll talk later, some point. But we're going to run into each other during the entire weekend. And I don't want it to be awkward because I know anybody would have anxiety for a show like this, especially at a raining Olympia champion from several years ago, multiple, I should say Olympia champion days now trying to come back, especially I know you. I know it's going to be hard. Right. So again, trying to be as empathetic as possible and understanding when I saw you during the check-ins was like, we're good. I appreciate it a lot. I took a lot of pressure off me for sure. I knew I was going to see you out there. Yeah. And I didn't want it to be some kind of animosity or for you to think that I feel or think a certain way about you because at that point it was watering the bridge. I know you were in a bad spot when you said a lot of things that you were just in an area of the time you were hurt because of the fact that you didn't know what was going on. It was going to happen next. And I knew all that shit going on. Unfortunately, you didn't. And that's why it happened. But I was like, let me do whatever I can to try to sue this guy, give him the ability to try to reduce his anxiety before he's trying to go back on that stage. And then when it's the right time, we're going to run into each other and have a conversation. And that was a year later, which was literally last night. And I said, hey, where's your gym? And I said, eight minutes up the road. If you want to come by, come by. And I said, why do a podcast? And you're like, uh, today? Yeah, let's do it today. Why not? You're here. Yeah. And again, I'm in a different place, too. I'm in a completely different place. So congratulations on the family. You know, I'm so glad your mom and dad are doing well. And I can't wait to see them at some point because I'm sure that we'll see him at the next show. Yeah. When you get back on stage. And I know that just for good old times, say we got to go train. Let's do it on a hat. So guys, if this video comes out before the training session, then make sure you go check out the training session. I know in the comments below, if there's anything else, do you guys want to know? Do the best to can to be able to answer those questions? Obviously, we'll put Jeremy's page on there. I know that a lot of you guys are already follow him, but it just a case of you don't. You'll be on the bottom of the comments. And again, it's good to get past things. I think that it's really good. This is a life lesson for me, too, as well. And just a healing process for me. Because as we go back and relive those moments, really doing what I'm doing, what I'm trying to do is focus on all those positive moments and using any of those hurdles that we went through as just teaching moments for both of us. So what they do in their podcast where we talk about the highlights of our relationship to all the good times that we did have. As well as a lot of great times, man. Like I said, the some of my best memories are traveling around the world of the evening and doing the things we did. You know, I never forget all three of us getting our dishes and quaint me, you and Nick rocking around the outdoor market. Yeah. It was a good time sitting around a table or I wore on the plane. Do you remember I wore it on the plane? Yeah. Oh, and you wouldn't just laptop thing. Remember they were trying to take your laptop and you wouldn't let them take your laptop, but it's given me a laptop, honey. Come on, you're not taking my laptop. That's it. But it was one of those things. We got to dig up the picture, but it was, yeah, you're right. There was a lot of really cool times that when we were going all around the world, and India was super cool. Now first thing to do with Tripanna is a culture shock, but we had a good time. You always made it fun. Yeah. Yeah. Autor laughs. Yeah. Nobody did the concert service like I did. No, we can compete with me when it came to being able to get all of those cool trips. Because what we did was we really did a lot of team building when it caught together. Those nights, those dinners, all of those other things. But you're right, we'll definitely go back and relive some of those until some really good stories. And some of the stuff that we went through, because it was an amazing time. Yeah. It was an incredible, great for all those moments. And I'm grateful for you. I'll be back at this table with you. And, you know, I love you, man. I always will. I appreciate you. We love your family. And cheers to the future, man. Yeah, thank you so much. God bless you, God bless your family. And look at four of the next one. Yeah. Honour and bud. Four time Olympiad men's visit champion, Jeremy Wendia. And that's the truth.