Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Honny Rambad, and I have none other. Do you even have a nickname? If you will call me rough diesel. That's right. That's right. That's right. I forgot about that. Bad. My bad. I got, I got Terrence rough in the house. He drove all the way up from Houston. We've been talking about doing something together for a minute and getting him on the podcast and then doing a workout. So, in the past, I've done workout. So, then we come in and we talk about it. This time, we're doing it the other way around. He had just eight when he came in with his videographer, photographer, slash videographer, and then got to eat. He did get a chance to get Kevin to give you a little tour of the gym. Yeah, it's beautiful. Yeah, I'm excited. Especially all the the chest stuff they have for a pinot is crazy. It's insane. It's insane. Have you used the decline fly yet? Have not. Oh, yeah. Because we got the flat fly, decline fly, and incline fly, then incline fly with the rollers so you can put them on your forearms. Yeah. So, it's going to be all kinds of really cool stuff. I know you're supposed to be doing shoulders and arms, but I have a feeling we're going to probably try some other machines now. I'm willing to, you know, wherever the workout leads us, you know, I'm happy with that. Yeah. That's awesome. And well, again, welcome. Huge fan of your physique. I know that right now you are in a middle of the prep, right? Yeah. Yeah. We are under 15 weeks out from Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. That's awesome. And then what was the last show you did before Pittsburgh? It's getting revenge. It was India in 2024. I think. No. No, 2023. Yeah. That was your last show. Yeah. November, 2023 and India. Wow. And the same year you did Dubai, right? Yeah. Yeah. Because I think you did Dubai the year that I was there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I did a lot of shows that year. I did Dubai. Yeah. I won the lead in that year. I won India that year. And you won Dubai. Yeah. Yeah. I won three shows that year. So why did you stop? I took the year off. It was a lot, you know, a mix of things. One ending a relationship and then two series and you act, I couldn't really change much of my upper body. So just getting that rehab. Was that public thing? Or was that just something you've talked about at all? Or not yet? Oh yeah. I posted about it. Yeah. You know, I was blessed enough to find this guy to get me stem cell therapy. Okay. Down in Columbia and Ms. helped. Still not 100% but that was your shoulder. Elbow. Elbow. Was it on a particular exercise? No. You know, it's crazy. I was just popping my like I was having some pain from it for a while. Okay. Throughout that prep, but nothing, I could manage. And then I just popped it one day and then that's when it started to really get inflamed and I couldn't do anything with it. Just random. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man. That's usually what it is. You know, I remember watching that video. But that's supposed to be for old people like me. Were you like picking up a gallon of milk off the ground and your back goes out? Oh my gosh. You know, what you do? I walked up one step and my lower back went out. I mean, that's what happens when you get old. Yeah. I mean, I'm feeling it. But yeah, that's what happened. You know, it's crazy. A lot of bodybuilders I told you is never something in a gym. It's usually something random. You know, yeah. Or they're messing around. Right. Yeah. Or they're messing around. Yeah. I don't messing around. I don't know that anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Guys in the gym, you know, have a little too much pre-workout. Then they start to wrestle because one person did like some junior varsity wrestling one time in high school. And then the other guy did varsity wrestling and was going to want try to whip the other guy's ass. I remember so when I started bodybuilding like in 2013, I remember like clears day victim Martinez. Tant what he he tore his bicep or something. Arm wrestling somebody. Yeah. Yeah. Now that you say it. Yeah. Yeah. And ever since that day, I was like, I'm not doing anything. Anything I said bodybuilding because that's it's crazy. Yeah. No. I remember like again messing around is arm wrestling. Turn around trying to do too heavy away. Or somebody says, hey, man, there's a 300 pound dumbbell. Pick it up. Yeah. And something, you know, something like that. Because even when Jay tore his bicep when I was coaching him, he was 2011, the year that Phil won. And it was a two-week out from the Olympia. He was a get ready for a muscle tech shoot. And he just put some dumbbells back and he tore the bicep. Just put in the dumbbells on the rack. But the rack was in front of him. It was an odd angle. And him just doing that and then tore his bicep. And it was like, that's crazy. Yeah. So I'm saying like, it's the most random stuff that can possibly happen. Ten to happen. And I feel that when you tempt fate by rolling around trying to wrestle, playing Mr. MMA because you watched UFC or you're playing Xbox or PS5 and thinking that you're going to play WWE, man, people mess around like that and then, yeah, everyone find out. Yeah, yeah, no, you're right. Yeah, I'm not trying to find out. So I'm doing my best to not do that. Yeah, not doing any of it. Yeah. Talking about recovery, man. So you did the Columbia thing. And then did you do anything else for that recovery for the other? That was the main thing. Before that, I saw a physical therapist and that helped quite a bit. I could at least train again. But that's a physical therapy, simsil therapy, BPC, 1-4-7, TB-500. I didn't feel anything from those peptides though, you know. So I still take them just because I'm like, maybe it's doing something I'm just not feeling it. Who knows? You know, it was better to take them than not to, but yeah, the big thing was this simsil therapy. And you felt like when you did this simsil, was that something that they just IV or how did they apply this to themselves? I got it for actually my knee and my elbow. And the knee feels a hundred percent now, but elbow, they did a shot on the outside here. And so they injected it directly into the joint. Yeah, got your, got your. And then how much better do you feel now on that elbow? 20, 30 percent. Like if it was like before, like it might be like 30 percent, like that's where the level I was at and then after the simsil therapy, maybe 60-ish, you know. Got you. So maybe 70 tops, but 60, 70. Yeah. And right now, I know when we were talking, I think it was at the like the Texas Pro, when we were back to the 80, we were talking. And you're there's been a lot of talk about what you're going to do next. Right? And then now that you've mentioned, you're doing Pittsburgh Pro, which is awesome. But is it been kind of the classic thought process all the way through? Have you ever thought about doing two, 12 or anything like that? Yeah, I mean, I turned pro in body building. I'm I'm I'm I'm younger. I'm 31, but I've been a pro since I've been a pro for 10 years, you know. Wow, you turned pro 21. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What show? Nationals. Nationals back when it was in Miami still. Yeah. We had some good parties back then. Yeah. Yeah. With Jay and Phil and LeBois, we would go down to Miami. And that was always the best nationals because they had the parties are. I actually take that back. We had some really good nationals here in Texas too, and then they brought it back here recently. But when you were doing that, what division were you middleweight? No, I was tiny. That's why I was a lightweight. I was a so 154. Okay. I came to Alex for long was a guy that won the overall that year. And he's already retired, you know. But yeah, I mean, that was I was 21. I, you know what's funny now? I had no idea that I was even going to Nationals because in my mind, you know, when you turn pro, your your physique should be at such a level that where you can compete, you know, that was my mind. And like I thought of guys like Lee, LeBroso, Sean Ray, that around my height, I'm like, I need to be like 180 each before I even think about something like that. But crazyly enough. And how tall are you? I'm five five. So around the same height, I think Sean says he was five seven. Yeah. It's probably five six, you know. But five and then. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so it's crazy. You know, there was his guy who was dating this girl. A lot of people know him, Nick Trudgilly. Yeah. He was dating the girl in my city. He lived in Florida. And he saw me at the show and he's like, man, I think you should go to Nationals. And I'm like, well, I just listened to him. I was like, I don't know anything. All right. You know, he coaxed him back a month or two. They broke up and then he he disappeared. But he, this is, was he dating a pro? I don't know who he was day. And that was my business. I was like, yeah, I didn't know if it was somebody we knew. Yeah. Yeah. But no hard film. He's already talked about it like a couple years ago. But I was still in my mind to go. You know, I couldn't afford USA is in touch. I was 20 then. So I had to wait until National National Championships in November. So I turned pro like two or three weeks after my 21st birthday. Oh, wow. That's a good birthday present. Yeah. Yeah. I know drinking on my birthday. I was I was I was focused. Yeah. Yeah. Were you like Seabumb where you were doing a lot of party in when you're early 20s? No. No. I have I don't know Seabumb's just off of no. I was I was focused. Man, I joined the military at 17 years old. So wow. Yeah. I was I was no party and just focused on that army Marines or we were always at four. So the first. Oh, and for smart guys. You're like, man. I want to be on. Would they would they would they would they put you out where you had a certain base? Yeah. So crazy enough. I joined the joint. I joined to do special forces. So I wanted the better lifestyle of the Air Force, but I still want to do cool shit. I end up making it pretty far. I had one month left and then you know, washing out and filling out. So you know, it was cool. I got to learn a lot and I still know some of those guys that they do some of that work. You know, a lot of those guys are retired now to or beat up. You know, so I'm kind of happy that I didn't end up going that route. That was 14 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. I would have. Yeah. You're so young. But you again, when you talk about 17, is that the year that they allow that 17 years of age? Yeah. Do you have a list? You got to get your parents permission. But yeah. Yeah. But that I think that's the youngest. All right. 17. Yeah. Can't even imagine my son like right now. He's been drinking about 12. So it would be like in five years. Yeah. How'd be crazy? But yeah. I mean, so I washed out of that. I was at Herbaphil. I'm going through that training for most of the time. And then I made him switch my job to electronic warfare. And I spent the rest of my time at England Air Force Base. Yeah. It's sitting like near-deston Florida. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I have tons of nice beach out there. It's a nice area. I mean, I liked it. And it was, you know, it ended up being a blessing because the job I got was perfect for bodybuilding. You know, I didn't deploy at all when I was in the service. I was stuck in a very normal job. I went in at like a 630. I got off at like, I think 33430. And, you know, we ate my meals. You know, it was fine. Yeah. When the normal guys would take their smoke base, smoke breaks, I would eat my meals during that time and they had no issues with it. So you're in there from 17 to 21 or how long four years are you in there? I did six years. Six years. So is that? So you must have, do they do six all at once or did you have to go back and sign a contract for two more? You can do four or six for sure. And then I ended up, yeah, I got it about gotten to bodybuilding right after I washed out of the, the special forces training because the main reason I was 120 pounds and like I was great at like push-ups, and stuff like that. But like carrying those head, like the heavy things we had to carry was really, really large for me. And so I started hitting the gym and there was his guy. He was in the bodybuilding. He's like, you should look into it. So I, you know, I walked to the local grocery store and picked up a magazine because I didn't have a smart phone pack there. You know, and Dexter Jackson was on the cover. And from that day on, I was like, this is what I wanted to do. You know, and Miss Crazy, you know, I got to, I didn't get to compete with Dexter Jackson, but I got to be on the same stage as them, you know, so, you know, it's a blessing. That's awesome. Where did you grow it? Alabama. Very small town. Beatrice Alabama. A couple years in Mobile, but Beatrice is 200, right, well, it may be 300 when I was a kid, but now 200 people live in Beatrice Alabama. Wow, super small. Yeah. And how long you've been here since now? A couple months, like a Mike, eight, nine months. And before that, you were still in Alabama? No, I was in Tampa, Florida. Once I got out, I moved down. I had a choice to either move the Vegas with my coach, and move to Tampa to have a trainer, a driver trophy coach. Okay. Because where is he now? Joe's still in Tampa. So I lived in, I was in Tampa for six years, every day training with them. Like, I saw him more than anybody else in my life. Yeah. How was that? You know, because was he doing all your prep, too, or was he doing your diet, your everything? Just training? Just training. I just had a few coaches over years. Matt Porter, he passed away, and then John Meadows, who also passed, and now my coach is, you're seeing this here. Okay. Yeah, and he's from France, but he doesn't do buy. He lives in Dubai. Yeah. Right. He lives in the middle east. Man, make sure to care yourself, because you don't, you know, you don't want him something. Something on the phone. Yeah. The phone footsteps. Matt Porter, and, no, I do. Honestly, when John passed, I felt like some of the coaches had, they thought I was like, bad luck or something, because I reached out to like two, and I was like, nah, I'm like, okay. Are you serious? They're just like, no, man, I'm okay. I'm serious. Yeah. And this is when I was placed in second at the Olympia. I had two people telling me now. Really? 100%. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. What was the, what did they just say? You got bad due to? They were respectful. They just said they don't have, they can't write now. You know, when I got, he said, he doesn't have the time, and the other guy was like, he did, yeah, same thing. He didn't have the time to give me enough attention that I would need to be at that level. So, you know, I wasn't upset. You know, I just like, okay, well, at least they're honest. So, I think that's a good thing to be up front as much as you can, because so many people try to bring on too many people, and then try to give the same level of service, and especially at the Olympia level. And that's why I always try to keep my Olympia group really small, because I knew how hard it was, even when I was, you know, contemplating, working with Chris, I knew that was going to take away, because I knew that it was going to be a different structure of time. Because now you guys were going on a Saturday warning, and it was a one day and I'm already dealing with my Friday night crew with the open, and that was also something that was going on in my head too. And the first time I remember, I set up all night. I didn't even sleep. It's a lot of, it takes up a lot of mental space, you know, I mean, it's a huge moment, you know, yeah, I can definitely understand that one, it's to take on too many. Yeah, well, and like I said, the guys were not done until 12 or one by the time you get done, because they were going to stay at 10 30. And then by the time they get back to the room, then they got to eat, then I look at them. There's two, then I go to go eat, and then it's around 233. I would eat at three. And then by that time it's almost 4 a.m. He's getting up at five, and to, you know, start eating, and I'd be at a room at five. And so he's just like late night, early morning, I go, no late night, you know? Are you, are you worried about like your cotton, so the ability to be like off, because you didn't sleep at all, or you take anything, or you just, you just locked in. No, I'm locked in, I'm locked in. I'm super locked in. It's only because I've done it for so many years like that, you know, through all the 20, some odd years of me prepping at that level, that I know myself. Now, I would, I definitely, the last couple of years, I'm like, I gotta get some sleep, okay. Right? The first year when I worked with Chris, it was hard because I believe that was when I want to say 22 was when we had them go, uh, hotty and Derek went one two, and then it was the first year I worked with Chris. And that was the year, it was even more difficult because of the fact that they were battling for the first. And then I wanted to make sure that they were going to peak right for the finals. So I went back to their room that night after pre-judging. And again, this was like one o'clock in the morning with 30, told them what to eat right after they got off stage. They ate, let the food digest, then look at one, then go look at the other, then by the time I ate, I'm like, okay, I'm not gonna go to sleep. I have less than an hour. I'm not gonna be able, it'll mess me up even more if I try to sleep and try to wake back up, then to just go all the way through. And I just went all the way through. Are they, are they staying at the wholesale sale everybody? Everybody was literally one floor away from the hospital. So I had hotty that year and Derek were on the same floor and then I think me and Chris were on the floor right above them. Okay. So we were all like if I'd get into the the stairwell of the hotel, I could just go up one, come back down one. It was so quick. Super easy. I mean, I just throw my flip flops. So I would always build a back right and then what I would do is I would always have all of these things like sweatpants, sweatshirt, all sweat shorts, flip flops because all of these things, you know, people like you want to be a Asian. I'm like, no, man, because I know I gotta just run and gun. Yeah. I gotta just boom, boom, boom, boom. Because the time you go to the next person, then you are looking at nothing next person, then you gotta go back and rotate it in again. So I would always try to make sure that everyone's together. One year I had to have Jay and Phil and Jay was at his house 20 30 minutes away and Phil and I were in the same hotel right next to each other and I'm like, man, after that, I think that was the most interesting thing. Yeah, I was thinking, what if he's you wanted to do a guy? So is that a different Airbnb? Yeah. Okay. And I'm like, no, man, we all make sure we're all in the same spot. And the same hotel, make sure everybody has kitchens. Okay. And everybody can just be able to be right next to each other. So that way, if I'm working with somebody just boom, A, B, and C, and then go back and rotate again. Okay. Yeah. But again, like I said, three, four, you know, people who want to had Jeremy and Nicole and Phil and we would have to, you know, it was a it was a revolving door in my room. What we would do is look at somebody, give them the update, then the next person update, next person update, then go back to the first person. But then I would eat or try to, because a lot of times I was like, my worst thing was this, I wouldn't eat all day. And then go into the, then start the rotation over again. And those are the things that was really tougher me. But yeah, to answer your question, that was a long answer to your question was that I wouldn't, you know, I would just, if I had short amount of sleep, I wouldn't sleep. Okay. Because I felt like it was harder for me to re-wake up again than it would be just a stay awake. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But so when you were going into this whole thing with, um, between the coaches and everything else, I guess the Tampa situation, now that you moved to Houston, what made you moved to Houston? I was just, um, really down, you know, um, the relationship wasn't really going well. Um, my body was, you know, usually if your relationship isn't going to go to the German, like get some aggravation out, but then, you know, I also couldn't train like I, like I couldn't really train. Um, so, you know, I'm not particularly religious, but, you know, so I, I made, I said there, it made a prayer and then as soon as I opened my eyes, I thought that there was something on the TV, you know, going on. Um, it said Houston, you know, so I was like, okay, well, maybe this is a sign. Um, so I got my stuff. I went out to Houston, stayed in some airBNBs for a couple months, and um, things start to get better. I found a physical therapist, something okay, cool. I can train. Eventually I started to get better. Um, I got some really good friendships out in Houston as well. Like, I had friendships out in Tampa, but nothing nearly as close. Um, obviously Joe, Joe's the closest guy to me, but like he's, you know, he has a family at the wife for three kids. He needs a busy man. Um, so, um, once I got there, I'm like everything's going better. This is where I need to be, so I got a place. That's awesome. And is that why you took long break, too? Um, we were going through all of that. Yeah, first-hand stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, definitely. Definitely. And now, when you're coming up, who are the guys that you're looking up to? You know, like, you said, you know, LeBraude, Sean Ray was the most of because the guys that were kind of similar in height, is that what you were like, gravitating towards? No, I mean, I'm a fan of just by building. I think a lot of people are fans of athletes and different things. I'm a fan of bodybuilding because like, I love Marcus Rool too, and he looks nothing like me, you know, really? But in particular, I have a couple different ones. I would say like, um, in terms of like mindset, I always liked a Jay color. He was probably my favorite. He was like, no nonsense. Just get it done type, you know, a person in terms of physique, Flex Willer was by far my, my favorite. And um, you're, you're actually physique is probably one of the closest to his. And like, the people you've mentioned so far, obviously, I'm Mark Schroel who's a big mass monster. You got Jay, who's kind of, you know, a combination. But you got somebody who's like, Flex and I look at your physique and, um, some of your best years and the best shows that you've when you've really peaked, then I go, wow, you know, I definitely see that. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, you know, it's crazy. I, I would have never thought what I got to compete on stage with him. I mean, obviously, I mean, and I beat him, but not, not nearly at his best, you know, his words would destroy me, but it was cool, Ben, in 20, I think it was 20, 17. He did to come back and get classic. Yes. It was, it was really cool, man. And like, I get the, the, uh, old saying of like, you don't want to ruin your legacy, but no one thinks of 2017, you know, there's still think of him as his best, but it was, it was a cool experience for everyone, everyone there, and he was, he was awesome backstage, but um, back to your question about my favorites. Um, you know, it's funny, I, I got the, I've been seeing feeling more often at shows and whatnot, getting to speak to him. And we talked about it too. I, between that rivalry with him and Kai, Kai, I was of huge Kai fan, and I think particularly because it's posing like Kai Green is the reason I got into posing so much, and then they kind of evolved once I started seeing the old school guys, you know, but Kai was a huge influence for a while, you know, because you would watch his videos, and I, I found other guys back in the day too, like Dexter and whatnot, they had you too, but they never really explained what they were doing. It was just like your birds, I view of what, of them training with, um, little Kai, he would talk to you and I'm like, oh, this is great. Like, this is why I'm doing this. This is the mindset you need to have blah, blah, blah, blah, and uh, yeah, I was, I was a huge fan of him when I started. That's awesome. And now, as your body's evolving and everything else, where's your mindset right now? I know your goals obviously when your next show, but where are the improvements that you think you're trying to make to be able to really stand out this year? I think the biggest thing is his size. I'm, I'm, you know, I'm pretty happy and cement you realize I'm pretty happy with what I've done this past all season, even throughout the, the injuries and whatnot. I was still able to train my hamstrings and that was a, a big thing and big goal for me. Um, another thing I've noticed is just how much better the backs are becoming in in classics. So another thing I could really really focus on, and I'm really happy with the progress there. Um, the only thing that I'm not quite happy with is the triceps, and obviously I wasn't able to do much in that regard. Because you're able. Yeah. Yeah. But overall, is it the side you pose on? Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is. But overall, I'm really happy and I think, um, just the same way you broke down West, because it was the biggest, how I look at my physical. I don't think a lot of bodybuilders actually sit down after shows and really sit there and critique themselves. You know, and then I don't think bodybuilders, even if they do that, they don't sit down and actually make a game plan. Like, they're like, I need to get my bat better and I'm like, what are you doing differently than last all season? Right. Like, I'm treating, um, at 100% I'm like, you should have been training the 100% the last like three, four years. You know, right? You know, so, um, that's one thing I'm, I appreciate about Joe was who taught me how to kind of adjust my training to what I need to focus on and what I need to kind of throttle back on it. And especially with classic with you have a weight limit, I've seen guys like they, they don't think about their weight limit. And they like, they get one body part like massive and they not have no, no more room to grow anything else, you know, right? So, uh, symmetry I think is is very, very important in class. Yeah. Very important and how far are you off your limit? I'll still think like, it depends on what they height me to be honest with you. I mean, uh, I've ever had a very show, uh, it's up to, uh, been heighted over 55 and the two times I haven't, um, you know, it's been an issue, but, um, if they height me where I'm normally am, I'll have most like another seven pounds, I'll be 10 pounds up from my last showing with another seven pounds to go. So, I was severely underweight, um, this the last lumpy I did and, uh, you know, I competed it around like 170 and, uh, and what's your weight, what's your weight class for the 55 to 56 level 187? Okay, and you weight into your last show at how much? About 170, yeah. That's your show. So, you got, you got a ways to go. Yeah, it's crazy. And that's, and that's what, that was, that's what makes me really optimistic and happy because, I mean, if I can place fifth place, uh, 17 pounds under the weight, I guess, you know, it's really, that's a lot more roof from improvement, where you got guys like, remoned really struggling, and, you know, I don't know, a lot of the other guys really struggling to make weight, you know. So, yeah, yeah, it's, it's a good feeling. Uh, out of all the guys that you got, you've competed against, do you have your favorites? I know that some people hang out backstage and they got some camaraderie, got any, got any stories or you have any connections you have with anybody in the, uh, in, in the show? My favorite is, definitely, uh, Michael DeBore, he's a top guy, um, was it the Sahara and Eagle, I think of the Desert Eagle, what he calls himself? He's the coolest man, and I'm just like the desert. He's like, he's like the desert. Honestly, man, I, I, a lot of respect for him, like he's, like, especially that year, I, I dropped from second to sixth. Uh-huh. He was actually backstage trying to help me, like, you know, you should do this, you should do this, you know, this is not, you know, you know, look, yeah. And a lot of people, they're not going to do that. They're going to go, yeah, he's doing wet. Bad, that's good for me. Yeah. So he earned, like, many times over that and every, every time I go to buy, he treats me very well, him in particular. Storywise, I don't, I don't know if I have anything crazy. I was there at Chris's first ever show. I mean, it's funny because our, remember, obviously Chris is like, really, really popular now, um, but seeing kind of, he thinks that's a little bit, yeah. He just thinks he, give him a big head, man. This man. Oh, no, I don't, I don't, I remember when he started. So I don't, I don't, I don't, he doesn't get that. You read his first show ever or you tell my first Olympia first pro show. Oh, okay. He lost to me and Darum Charles at that show. Wow. And it's hilarious, because every, every time I see his, he'll drop his shirt so what night. He's a, like, that was classic, right? Does this class? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't like to mention that first show he ever did, you know? Oh, because the next one, let's definitely talk about that. We got a rib Chris a little bit. So, no, he does, yeah, I know to see you like to start with that to rhyme to pro the next year, because that's when he started to really, really kill it. But yeah, yeah, I mean, it's, it's been crazy. You know, I, even to the point where, you know, I was sad to miss last year, because I thought I knew I thought everyone knew what apparently wasn't known, but I could have us where he said, it was that last year was his last year. Maybe he didn't know or whatever, but the little bit I saw it was his last year. And I also heard Brianna was, was leaving. So I was like, man, I'm going to be like the longest running competitor in classic now. Everyone, I started with is, is, is gone. Every single one. Yeah. Did you, did you think that Chris, especially being that you were at his first show and you beat him? You know, because you're, I don't like he said, I don't remember what he even placed at your. You said those third. He got third at the Diane, I could do classic. Yeah. There you go. So third behind you and in Darren. So I didn't dare on one, that show, right? Yeah. I won. And you took second and he took third. So did you ever think at that point that he was going to be a multi Olympia winner? No. He was nice. Yeah. I was laughing. I loved it. He's like, laugh before even answered that. No, I don't know. I, my brain doesn't even, I get it. I don't think does it think like that, you know. It was funny though, the person I was with at the time, she was very impressed by him. And she was like, wow, this dude was crazy. And I was like, I just beat this guy. Why are you, you know, what are you talking about? But, uh, she's like, you know, just trying to slide into his DMs. Oh, no, none of that. But, um, but, but it's, so, no, it's really cool to kind of see out things of, as transformed. And like it's motivating for me because, um, you know, my philosophy of body-building is like just self-improvement in general. And like, obviously, with in terms of the gym, I got that pretty downpad with seeing him, you know, excel in other aspects like business. That whatnot is really, really motivating and cool to see. Yeah, it's very much so. I think he brought a lot of eyeballs to the division. And, um, and I think that helps all of you because I think it makes it so much more kind of interesting when you have people who are not even into competing, start to follow journeys of people that it can be in it motivates them. Okay. A lot of people that either compete now because they were just inspired or they just create a whole new respect for what you guys do. Because I think what he did was really, uh, interesting was just that you open pull back the drape to see what that's like. And again, his vulnerability and everything that connection that he's always done, good job connecting with people. But in the past, it was always just like, you know, in my generation and all the people that I coached up up into him, it was always about like hiding the hardships. Right. It's like, you want to put on the tough guy image. You want to put on that that like emotional armor, I call it. And doing that, versus like man, crying, being okay with crying, talking about how you and your significant other are crying together. At least things because man, imagine you could shake out their going over there and start crying. Like, yeah, I can't even picture it. I don't like that. Exactly. Right. Because our generation didn't, that wasn't cool. Right. You got to show up and be a man and you're that's not man-linked to be emotional. Now it just shows that you could still be a man and be emotional and that it's okay. And so if you're going through it as well, you can relate and be okay with it instead of saying, I have to hide that and sweep it out of the rug. And I feel like that's what really helped people understand that we can be able to be both. Yeah. We're in the past. And if you had any kind of that, it was a weakness. But when you started, you know, coming up and you started moving forward with it, did you feel like, look man, I could always think I could win the Olympia or is this something where, I mean, where's your take on yourself? When I started, no, that wasn't the motivation. Honestly, I only thought was like, oh man, I would love to compete with if it sticks to checks. That was original thought. And then as I kind of grew, grew in the fell up, and whatnot. You know, I wasn't even thinking that far. You know, I was like, I'm more, I'm very much like a short-term type of thought process guy. Like my first goal was to, okay, let me win a amateur show, okay. And then, you know, I was able to win my first national show that was great. And then I took a year off because at the time, no class it, you know, so it was like, okay, how am I going to get into this two 12 division? I'm only like a hundred and fifty five pounds, you know? You know, it's funny. I'm still the fan of him today. But I really gravitated towards a Sean Carrita. I was a big fan of Sean. You know, Sean was, I think he had been a pro for a couple years now. And he was still climbing his way, but I could kind of see like, oh man, he's actually, he's smaller than I am. He's killing it. You know? But I didn't think I could win the Olympia to like, started to do well. And started to do really well in classes. So maybe after my first second Olympia's, okay, I can get there. Maybe not like immediately, but like if I keep doing what I'm doing, I know I can get to that goal. So right now with the current crop of the athletes, where do you think with Crispin gone now? And stepping aside, where do you see the current crop of the athletes? No, it's crazy. I'm going to, so I have, the way my brain works, I have things that I believe, but I also realize that I don't know like it's not a hundred percent. So I do believe I can win the Olympia. I'm very, I like just even just from like a we talked about like logically the weight thing. That's a really good cue right there, especially when I play second things like that. But I do think that like the top group of guys is not a change drastically. Obviously it's changing because Crispin bring out love, but even more so because the crop of kids I see coming up is it's insane. Like I can see those the talent that they have, the roundness of the body, the muscle belly, the symmetry and whatnot. It's well because when I started classic every, every couple years I think, okay, maybe this is the like the peak of that division. You know like this is kind of where it's going to stay. But each and every year I see crazier and crazier for Ziggs popping up out of nowhere, you know. And it's really, really cool to see. And I just think I just think it's going to change a bit over the next maybe two. Maybe not this upcoming year, but maybe the next two or three years I think the top five will change quite a bit because we see a lot of guys in the top five that kind of maxed out. But in my personal opinion I think a lot of top guys do have like very visible flaws here and here, you know. I don't want to break down everybody's physique. But yeah, I think each, if everyone realistic and looked at the top five you could notice one or two things. Sure. And each physique where they're missing something. But I see these group of kids coming up I'm like, dude, they're not missing anything. They just need the size. And with the way classic is you got that limit, right? You can't, it's not like body when you can keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Once you hit that limit, you start. You're stuck. So they're just catching up to you. That's right. So it's a cool thing to watch man just being a fan of the sport, but it's also a little scary like, oh man, I got to steal my shit. You know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When we, it's like life man, if you're not going forward, you're going backwards. And bodybuilding is always evolving. And it doesn't matter what division you're in. And you always have to try to improve. Because if you try to stay the same, you're going to get passed up. 100% 100%. And I mean, I've been all every, every place in the sport now. And I've seen it. You know, I kind of hit a plateau for a while. What in in 2022? I ended up, yeah, you see the guys were mowing, popped up out of no place. Second year you started coaching Chris, you know. And you can see it now with a remonstment kind of steady. And then you had guys like Wesley and Mike passed him up. You know, you're right. You got to keep, you got to keep evolving. Speaking of those guys, they're getting ready for the Arnold. It's four weeks out. Yeah. You got Wesley. You got Mike. Right. You got Wesley who won the Arnold last year. And you have Mike who took second to Chris at the Olympia. How do you see that matchup? First, I'm, I'm Lena Torres. Mike heavily, like I guess, was he right now is really, really incredible. Mostly with with the way class is we don't have as many poses. But his front double is is perfect in my opinion. I don't see any flaws in that pose. I think detail-wise, he's not, he doesn't have the most detail, especially in the upper chest for like the such as pose. And back double, upper back, beautiful. The hamstrings a little, a little thin from the back. So that would be my, my assessment there. But I think Wesley, I mean, you did his, his physique the other day. A critique. Yeah. Yeah. We're talking about just literally yesterday coming out. And so depending on when you listen to this podcast, if you haven't seen it, I did a rate your physique, bodybuilding breakdown. And my first person ever doing that with is actually Wesley who was on the podcast just before that. And I'm like, you know, I went through it. But like we were about to say, the way I looked at it, did you see anything different than when I broke it down? You're pretty spot on. I think the only thing is there's the lower body, you know, for sure. And that, I did like what you say, you said about the cast, there's no one I would talk about the cast. Like you can still win shows in place. Well, with not having great cast, but if you have it, it's like that unspoken thing. Like you don't, you maybe not, you maybe don't notice it, but once they have it is, it helps a lot. Absolutely. Even with men's physique division, right, when I was coaching Jeremy and I would always like, hey, man, we got to see on top of your caps. Yeah. Because anything you can see, you can do. And even with the quads, we would still train quads because you don't want to look like you're walking on your hands. You know, because a lot of guys would, right? And a guy that, you know, I would always turn around and be like, man, get your legs a little bit bigger, was Ismail Martinez. And now his legs are finally starting to come up, but forever, he didn't even fill in his shorts. And I'm like, bro, that's hurting you. Because it doesn't look right, even though you're wearing shorts, but now he's made improvements. And it's been great. But when I was working with Jeremy and we were on the roll for all those Olympia wins, I was always, you know, every aspect of anything that the judge is going to see even while close was important. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. You may not, they may not say it, but it's subconsciously there, you know, 100%. And when it's, if you have two athletes and it's right on the cusp, and one has calves and one doesn't, and whether it's a classic or it's even in men's physique, the judge is going to look at that. Yeah. I don't care what anybody says, because it's a body part. And when you are doing a front-to-bow bias app, in your arms are too big for your calves, it actually makes your symmetry worse. And people don't understand that. And that's another reason why when I used to train, come down here and train, um, all-ty, uh, Ronnie Coleman's girlfriend at the time 20 years ago, I would go in and train at Metro Fletcher and Ronnie would be doing some arms. And I'd look over at Ronnie and I'm like, hey, Ronnie, you want to do this, and that, you know, you know, you don't want to do that much with arms. And he goes, oh man, you know me, my arms are going to grow and make my calves look smaller. And I look over and he would do a front-to-bow bias. I mean, go check it out. And I'm like, oh, yeah, right, you know, because again, his arms would get so freaky that the bigger they would get, the smaller his calves would look. So again, always looking at the symmetry. And he was very aware of it in Congress and of it. So it was really good because he could have blown it out and got it even bigger if he would have trained his arms more. But he knew that it could actually hinder his speak. That's interesting. Yeah, yeah, that's why he's a best. Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, but he knew enough to be able to understand that because what you look at in the gym isn't what you need to look at when you're on stage. And sometimes because you have your belt on, you have your shorts on all of those things. You end up getting into like, how great do I look in the gym? No, it's not about how great you look in the gym because you have perfect lighting. You've got a gallon of water, your sodium's high, you know, especially if it's after you know a high carb meal or a heart carb day or a cheat day. And you look like you're all blown out with a magic light because you got that natural light that come in and it out. Yeah. And you're just like, whoa, here you go. But when you really break it down, you have to turn around and be able to break it down and look good in bad light. You got to look good with your posing trunks on or your underwear all hyped up when you're wearing boxers in the gym and you're pulling them off. And you're like, okay, I'm 12 weeks out. How's my waist to shoulder ratio? How's my quad sweep? Is my hands dropping on my side chest? My calves popping on my front double by all of those things. So again, it's, it's that crazy attention to detail that you need to be able to geek out on so that you can be able to do that. And those grades understand that. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a really cool. That's really cool. Yeah. So I think, you know, when you're really breaking down, I do think Mike's got it for the normal physique, but it's going to be interesting because I think with that much mass, it's going to be so different than, again, that's why they say he's got like a more of a body builder's body. Okay. And that's going to be interesting as he evolves. Like again, understanding kind of where the cap is and when to come down a little bit lighter and show out some more detail versus I want to be blown out a little bit more because I want to have a little more mass in certain poses. Okay. So it's going to be interesting is what I think because again, he's now starting to catch a stride. So being able to go back to back shows between the Olympia and Arnold and then Wesley kind of dipping from the last Olympia in saying, I want to get back and become a better version of what I was at the Arnold last year. But I think the other thing is that what do you think about Ramon were he's at? I got a question for you, but I answer that first. We talked about it on the other day. I thought it was interesting because this all began when he lost the Wesley at that previous Arnold. He did that six week prep. And just look, I remember the video, him and Chris were training together and he didn't look six weeks out. He looked like he could compete at any time. He was shredded. He was big, but obviously I'm guessing he was way over his weight cap. I think that's the issue a lot of guys are going to start the struggle with is like if you start to get too much over your weight cap, it's going to be more and more difficult to peak. I mean, I'm not an expert in that, but that would be my guest is to why he's been struggling. And even to the point, I remember after that show, he's like, I'm going to start training heavier in this and that. I'm like, I don't know, man, I like if you start training heavier, you're going to gain even more muscle and it's going to be even more difficult. And I personally, just from a bird's eye view, I think that's what could happen. But I don't know. Yeah, absolutely. A lot of that comes back at you because when you have a stretched out physique, it's like a balloon. And when you grow into that frame, it's really hard to bring it back and look sharp and look detailed. So when you have to come back for a particular body part when you start to your midsection gets blown out and you're trying to bring it all back in, it makes that very difficult. When you're a weight class and you're trying to like in classic, bring it back down and you've overgrown. Now all of a sudden you've changed your actual structure and then the muscle around your skeletal frame doesn't fit the same anymore. So it would be very similar to if Chris had to keep coming back and trying to come in, looking as impressive. Well, now all of a sudden he's looking impressive at 252 in open and then trying to shrink back down to 242 is going to get a different look because he started to grow and look his best actually being fuller and heavier versus being smaller and tighter. And it's re-structured, your frame just starts to get rearranged about it. You know what I think I thought of a good example. Like our member when Flex was still Flex Lewis was still competing. People said he I think I don't know how much he weighed. Maybe 220 is something like that. Our member back in the day was saying he would look so so crazy at that weight and even though he still won those Olympia titles, but he would look less impressive once he got down to that 212 mark. And I think that's probably kind of kind of where my mind goes with that. Yeah, dirt on to pretend to think. Yeah, good point, good point. Yeah. But you know, so looking because again, I love to kind of get an idea of what's going on in class and what not. And I remember Wesley saying he thought his Olympia, like he might have changed his mind since I said I don't know if you guys talked about it on the podcast, but originally he said that he thought he looked better at the Olympia than he did at the Arnold, even though the placing was much worse. I even looked at some photos. I don't know if you had a chance to and I thought I was like, okay, I could kind of see that you know photos don't show the whole picture there. Really one, one second of a second. But I thought the same thing, I was like man, he actually does kind of look better at the Olympia and the poses that saw. What did you guys kind of kind of go over there? What? Not really. He didn't bring that up. And we didn't compare the two. I just remember seeing what I saw. Yeah. But there's two things. Number one, and the most important thing, it's who you're standing next to. That is a very good point. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So when you're standing next to people like remote being off and beating them, again, remote was not on. Yeah. For sure. You know, at the Arnold and you beat them. But coming in and then having guys like Irrs at his all-time best, as the Irrs was his best ever. Mike at his all-time best. And then you have, I believe it was who was in, uh, Posema. Yeah. Yeah. Him and I think, uh, in Breon. Breon. Yeah. Yeah. In Breon. And those guys, it's a whole different set up. Very good point. Right. So it's also a bit of that as well. So when you do that, and then also there's something called a hype train. Right. Yeah. And you want to write it, which you don't want to write it off a cliff. And sometimes you write that shit right off the cliff. It was getting crazy. I remember it. Yeah. It was getting crazy. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. And I think that that can also get ahead of it when it comes to everybody. Because then what ends up happening is the expectation is unrealistic. And so they're like, everybody's like, okay, the hype is growing, the hype is growing, the hype is growing. He's going to be the next Arnold. He's going to do this. He's going to do that. And then it's a lot of, and that's again, we talked about pressure when I had him on the podcast. And that pressure, I feel like a really got to him because he had so much attention after he won. And now it's a little piece of that, like, man, this is a, be your potential that's being met. You know what? I got, it really is. You know, obviously Chris has his pressure. What not, but placing it like bin in that number two spot is a lot too because everyone's, it's a lot, you know, especially with me dealing with that at the time. And then remember, a remond was just starting to, you had his whole dinosaur army like, that's not army. Well, it is a lot. It is a lot to kind of manage and to deal with. And yeah, you know, I spoke to you and I asked you like kind of how you deal with your athletes. And obviously a lot of coaches don't have that experience helping their athletes deal with that type of pressure, you know. So it is, that's the whole other aspect that a lot of people don't think about, you know. Yeah. And again, you know, a lot of people ask me how I do it and just to give you a little taste of that, it's understanding the personalities and trying to figure out the Evan flow. It's emotional judo, right? Judo is a lot of push and pull. And when you're working with an athlete, you gotta figure out what motivates them and what doesn't. And then if you know that this is not working and you've got to shift your attention on more positivity or it's not that it's negative but just finding those things so that they can fill the check marks in their brain and getting, hey, man, you could still do this this and this better. Some people are going to feel better at being able to really understand that I need that extra 5% tell me about that extra 5% so I can make sure that I obsess about it. And other people say, I need you to really focus on that extra 95% and again, I'm used to dealing with those people, those high achievers, like the Phil Heese of the world, we're always about like when he had when he was on like dream killer mode, it was always just about trying to, it was never enough. It was never good enough. And you know, again, you ask him, I probably told him he's good enough, you know, like two or three times and he wants seven Olympias, right? And arguably you should have won that 2010 or two and he took second to Kai. And but that's what set him up and I said, look, man, if you could look that good in place second, if you come in even better in 2011 then everyone's going to have problems. I don't care who it is and that was right after Jay coming in his best in 2009 and that was right after getting beat by Kai and after looking crazy but you got to have somebody who can handle that pressure and it's pressures are going to either make you crumble or they can turn you into a diamond and not everybody's going to be able to handle it the same way. And there's only so much a coach can do but at the end I always tried to be able to kind of figure out which pressure how much and what can be able to do to harden them into into that diamond. And so it's a lot of that being able to figure out digging deep and again some people just fake it till they make it they're good for a little while and then all of a sudden they crumble because it's just they can only handle so much and I again I remember hearing stories and something I want to go and speak to Flex we'd love out but him having some of the best in the world arguably some of the best ever and then having rappers of Wendy's underneath this car seat during prep going into the drive-through that self sabotage sometimes that's relieving the pressure because you're self sabotaging so that you don't want to have to live up to because what if I do win now I got to come back and win again that or even to the point was like what if I did give him out all and I still didn't win you know there you go yeah there you go and that's exactly it so again I think that's a good conversation to have with Flex and you know with everything he's been through but I do feel that it's every person is different and you need to feel out what really motivates that person okay yeah so you know again and then having to be able to reset and repeat it's not something that if you're going to use the same exact formula with every year you always have other things going on I remember when Phil lost his dad you know you have Jay where he was going through a divorce I mean dude like there's all there's like life changing moments that are going on with people and you're trying to do that but you're also trying to win a show so there's so many different things and they they affect you it's just a matter of how can you be able to shift your energy but still try to get that outcome that you want which is when the Olympia so now you're going to have to do the same thing yeah yeah I mean the last time the last of my I got out of the voice and said out of year I went from 9th to 2nd so you know hopefully we do a repeat were you married or no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah a lot of yeah GES didn't have kids right okay okay yeah yeah but you guys were together for the while yeah my but two two two two and a half years yeah yeah I'm sure not not super super long but you know years yeah well any marriage is marriage and it's emotional bond and yeah but now you know I can tell the energy man is building up you know what I yeah yeah I'm feeling a lot better it took a while I like you know I felt like I was like on autopilot for like all the 2024 and it's kind of shitty but you know finally getting back into feeling like myself and getting things done you know it is great you know yeah it's really nice that's good the last person I do want to get your critique on because he's one of the top five guys and he's actually gonna be here in a couple weeks it's gonna be hers man what do you think of hers when I say the name hers what comes to mind I think he's like one of the most positive guys he's really good at like he's really good for the sport I think you know with how open and he is with training with people in the whatnot I think I think it's great I really do outside of the outside of that physique wise I think you think he was at his best I think he's very consistent I don't like even I know he he didn't place the little at the owner I think he's he's really really consistent I mean even though I mean he placed he's placed third whatever year he's been at the lumpy I think he's more consistent than probably anyone competing I think the only thing is maybe a little bit more truss out a little bit more back but his his taper from the front is really really nice like that his front double is really really nice how he's structured and his conditioning is is top notch still not nice so yeah yeah that's what that's my my thoughts on that that's awesome that's awesome so now is there anything else you want to share right now because I know we're going to get ready to go blast a workout is there anything else that you want to glitch it fans know that is coming up because again you're what 15 weeks out now he's yeah a little on a 15 weeks and then I guess how much have you do you think you want to share with fans like where you want what you're going to land yeah I think I'll be 10 pounds 10 pounds heavier from your last showed from my last roughly two years ago full visit been oh yeah it's been a minute yeah it's wow but yeah I think I'll be about 180 so I think I'm really happy that it's still hopefully another seven pounds of room you know that the weird thing is like will I need that I don't know with with me being shorter you you tend to get like all you should switch to two 12 you know like you get those comments a lot quicker than like a taller guy at his wake up yeah because I our member watching Chris like even like two three years ago it's like Chris Chris could win an open show like two three years ago and but like there's no literally nobody else no no a tall person no short person that could just literally just a couple of these later win an open show he besides him but yeah I don't know we'll see how my physics looks looks at 180 and I will we'll we'll go from there well I can't wait man we're going to go blast some shoulders some arms maybe a little bit of some other exercises I know you want to try some of the other ponata equipment and we'll see kind of see where you're at and you excited I'm excited yeah yeah you know it's from a till I'm a till I'm a till the audience you know I talked to I talked to honey on the phone the other day he's a hey man you know on the podcast he's like you know if you got something like deep dark secret that you've never told me anybody you want to shed a known to podcast you know just let us know and I really do what it really is that's like I don't have any I don't have anything crazy uh it's it's it's it's it's why it's called the truth I said man that was the time you got something you want to share that you had never something special I said I used to I said deep dark I didn't even see deep dark secret I could get you arrested bro I don't need you to do that but I said if you have something that's special that you have not shared with your audience and your followers because you've built a pretty good following you know and you got some hardcore fans man you're like I call you the will I am a body of the bro because you remind me because you're chill you know you got this it like this positive energy to you you got a great personality and I feel like you know I want to be able to say hey if there's some stuff that you want to share then yeah you know if there's something in there that you want to be able to kind of get that corodians to be able to kind of you know say hey man I really hadn't touched that on that yet but I wouldn't mind at some point I mean you know it's funny when like in my mind I think everything I go through is it's normal I guess you know people lots of people going through divorce lots of people have injuries you know they they've not been able to do the things they wanted to do the only thing I say it's definitely it's definitely been a like a rough couple years and the years of kind of flung by you know like I was like oh man it's been three years since I was like top two you know and you know like he's been every year there's like something something to have and I'm like oh well you know next year we better because like I won't have the guy in all surgery I have to get around I won't lose 20 pounds from a sickness you know like starting prep or whatever it may be and there's always something and you you never know when your time is up you know so that's always a little scary you know again being a friend of the sport I've seen guys even like like branch you place second ones never never happened again you know so you want to hope in which you want to be optimistic like okay the time is still coming I'm still young or whatever but then you also have that fear in the back of your head like oh man what have I've already seen like the best of my my time on the stage you know maybe I won't get this none of the shot maybe there's new up and come a guy's like I'm gonna take that that thing that I had that opportunity to get but I let XYZ kind of get in the way of that from happening so I really know I'm still working my way through that doing my best to stay positive keeping a steady mind doing it like try to keep it keep my mind filled with it's much positive and motivating things as I can there's a lot of times what people do is they'll let their mind be filled with like negativity especially when you get bigger on social media when that and like Nick does a great job at it like Nick is fantastic like I was like holy crap Nick Walker okay I was like bro you taking a lot of shit from missing that you handle it very well but a lot of people that let that negativity really really get to them you know I know there's a lot of other pros out there that don't handle it very well and you know it affects me but like I said I tried to push to decide and I remodivational books podcast things like that I've been watching a lot of bodybuilding content lately anytime I see myself I'll quickly get off the thing but I still love it you know so you know hopefully you know I think of I think of people in the journeys you know obviously Chris is journey wasn't like perfect but like more so than other people's like he's an example of like how to do everything right somewhat the first time and you know reach your goals without much much you know push back I would hope my at the end of my journey that it shows people that you can make mistakes as long as you keep getting back up you can kind of get to that goal you want to get to it's never too late to keep pushing and keep trying it's down and back up absolutely now I think the key in what you just said is the positivity part people don't understand that it's okay to be nervous it's not true right but you do not want to sweep things under the rug you need to be proactive in nature and as long as you have a plan and you're executing on that plan and you make sure that you're eating your food you're training all this and you got your top five Olympic a guy right even is high second in the world and I'm telling you this it's something that is needs to happen daily that daily affirmation needs to be had so you can turn around and be tough on yourself but at the same time you got to give yourself some grace and say I have the plan and as long as I'm doing all of the things that I'm supposed to do with my cardio my training my mental mindset making sure my recovery is on point my massage is every aspect of my plan is going through I'm going to be better every day right I'm going to get better I might have an off workout here and there it's never going to be perfect but as long as you know that everything in your plan is being executed properly you can know in your mind and in your heart that you're putting 100% into it it's the anxiety that comes in it's the little devil that shows up on your shoulder that kind of talks you out of doing things and then subconsciously you're not going to do the cardio as much or you're not going to be able to do the training as hard you're not going to be able to eat your meal because now all of a sudden the anxiety is is kind of coming in on you and your missing meals you're not sleeping enough all of those other things and all of those things are needed to become a champion so you just need to be able to get back on the horse and be able to do the things that you know you can do because you've done it before that's it but you have to stay positive with that okay it's not doesn't mean you can't be hard on yourself and say hey man I'm going to really make sure I'm going to bust out that workout but you have to be positive and continue to keep that in your mind in the right positive frequency because if you don't and you got to be able to talk about it too and you got to be able to say hey look we killed it this weekend I ended up doing back in biceps I did this I did that this is all the good things that came over but I'm going to change up a couple of things because I want to be able to make sure that I feel a little bit more than I try set you can always try to room for improvement okay but it's a balancing act you got a feet on the positive first then be able to become better at the things that you think that you could improve on for the next workout or the next week or the next session make sense yeah so you got to just yeah man because you have all the tools you just have to continue that process because that's making your body and your mind stronger together yeah yeah yeah yeah man you got to take that self doubt and throw that shit away that's it yeah okay okay you know real quick you know I I guess I built up a reputation of being a very humble and it's because I don't like to be wrong and that's probably the more so rings and I'm I'm humble you know but you know I love the the Bancerecy with guys competing you know like the confidence it would not and I kind of will do that sometimes but then I'm like man what a from wrong you know but like I do I do want what I would love to do this year is to kind of make things really exciting you know like it's cool that everyone's very nice and I don't mean to say we shouldn't be nice but like I feel like we should have a little bit more of that confident talk that a little bit more that that shit talking classic just to make it a little bit more fun for the the athletes I mean athletes but the the fans you know yeah what was your was your opinion on that I think you got to do it comfortably because if something is done disingenually yeah it comes across as being kind of like outward facade okay and it's like you kind of fake it and people can see through it and then they go man that's just it's not really him okay but if you turn around and you go all right I want to be able to sit down and say okay I'm looking better and I can't wait to bring it and you start layering and like can't wait to get on stage with so and so and so and so and so right because I don't know who's doing Pittsburgh right now who's gonna find Joe Zima Michael DeBull and I don't have to pronounce this correctly but uh oh Carlos Carlos Donmar okay yeah very impressive yeah my lot of all those guys right because they all have their strong points and I think they're it's gonna be a really good line up so again it's okay to do that but if you you don't want to have to trick yourself and put yourself out there it's got to feel very natural my big thing is other that not so much me it's more so I don't want to offend anybody because I still want to be friends with everybody and I don't want like body a lot of body wheels can be very sensitive especially during prep yeah and I've already seen that with certain guys I'll make a joke and they like they give reals oh okay my bad man yeah but that's the biggest thing you know but yeah but you gotta remember one thing about that as long as you're getting some positivity out of it meaning hey man I'm I'm going I'm feeling good about myself yeah and I'm put you know again going out there and I'm gonna whip some ass everybody has their own way of doing it but everybody I've worked with that has been a top to your champion has their own formula they don't make it up it's one of those things it's just their inner like you look at Jay he never turned around and being like talking to all that crazy crap right like anything that they did that they talked crap was backstage it was all made up right when they did the whole thing with Ronnie and him and triple H back in the day and stuff like that they told me to do that right but when it comes to the fact that just be you but be okay with being hey man I can't wait to get on stage with someone so you know because just make it natural that's the whole thing because it's okay if you want to say can't wait to hit that's back double by step stand and next to someone so and so and so okay you know the main but that's totally you know again you're doing that for the fans but make sure you're doing it for yourself first okay that's it you know because don't make yourself get all paranoid because you posted something and then now all of a sudden oh man this guy might be taking it the wrong way you guys are there to compete you guys are there to get up on there and there and this is like gladiator match but on stage so but be okay with it and don't sit there and have the second guess it because then it's just gonna get to get it yeah is any getting your head have fun with it you know yeah yeah okay okay that's good that's it brother I can't wait to see your next rendition of you because you got you know this is the first time I see you a little bit big in your shirt there bro I'm not used to seeing you that big in the shirt so it's good and it's good yeah so we're gonna go ahead guys and we're gonna get this workout in and man I really appreciate you coming out and let's have some fun you're ready I'm ready yeah yeah all right man so again guys thanks to rough diesel for coming in honey ramp on rough diesel and that's the truth