Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I'm here with none other than the Persian wolf himself, Hottie Chopin. So what we're gonna do is, I'm gonna do this in two ways, because again, Hottie is definitely his lip reading. So if you're watching this, you would have to go to YouTube to see the subtitles. But I'm gonna do the best I can that I'm also gonna do some translating, but if you wanna see the subtitles, go to YouTube. If you're listening to this on Spotify, something through just the audio, only portion, they make it a little bit different. If you don't have the ability to read the subtitles, I will try to do the best I can to translate, but I do wanna let you know, Hottie is here, it's been amazing, because it was something that we thought that might not be possible, because we've only been able to bring him here once a year for the Olympia. And we did already exhaust the fact that we brought him in for the Arnold Classic, then got him a visa to the Arnold Classic UK. And then we're was able to bring him back. So as easy as that sounds, it is not easy at all. So shout out to my VP here, Nick Erbie, couldn't have done it without him. He goes, jumps through hoops of fire, just laced in gasoline, and the poor guy, luckily he just got back from vacation. He took a nice trip, and it was able to relax after all the stress of stuff that he does here at Evision, as well as being able to work on Hottie's behalf to be able to help him with all of the documentation and paperwork that's needed to get him a visa every year. So again, thanks Nick. We could have done it without you. And again, I've gotten amazing team here, and Nick really goes above and beyond always, and he's been with me for over a decade, and just again, I appreciate him more than words can say. But we do have Hottie here in the studio. He's been here for several days now, and now we're getting ready for the Mr. Olympia competition. And we got some questions from our Q&A that we asked on Instagram. And now I'm going to go ahead and... Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm Joel, I'm a group of group of people. I'm Joel, I'm Joel, I'm Joel. My Oliam, Cuba. He says he's very, really good. He's happy to be here. And again, that's the bridge version. You want the long version? Got to go to YouTube. But like I said, guys, I'll do the best I can. Let's roll. We got some questions, so Rob sent over some questions from social. And we're going to go ahead and just take in no particular order here is, I think the one that really stood out here is you versus Seabomb. So we got a couple of questions that people said, if Chris Bum said was competing in the open against Hadi Chopan, you know, how would Chris do? So Shima, your Seabomb, may I say, you're a giant group of people? Kudimiki. Remember, Kyrus? Yeah, you and Chris. You couldn't bow your leg. Even by wearing turd. But my tribe's in a country, by their scaring, or for example in the middle of the bottom, a thin-ived man um. Usually, fighting war gets tough but Talash Boko-na-ud-vit-top-at-tabash. Wow, that was a lot. He gives a lot of respect to Chris. Chris has got a beautiful physique. He is the Olympia Champion in Classic physique. But again, there's a different standard in open body building. And he feels that even though that Chris is taller, but he's very aesthetic. But when it comes, there's a different category, and there's a different judging criteria when it comes to open body building. So I think that that's not the emphasis, Chris. Oh, God, let's go. That's good. That one's for you, Chris. All right. Now the next question was actually about his son, Mohammed, Mohammed Huffes. He posted some pictures about, you know, on his page, and of imposing and his gym. Mohammed is 16 years old. Shwuzasa, Shimohama. So he's 16 years old. He's 15 years old. He's 15 years old. He's 15 years old. So he's 15 years old. And the question was whether or not he wants him to go in a body. Shwam, I'm glad I'm better to his Yiba and Ami. If you want him to go in a body building, you know, he's now 15, he's posing, he's posting some pictures. Ahadi is reposted some photos of him on social media. His 15 year old son, he's like making his own videos online. Did you like him a computer or not? I hope I'm married, im awake at an sentimental university. But I'm already 12 years old still 7 years old, I have 25 years mature, 35 years old, and his son, I came toовать to take out these TV cameras Okay so I'm going to cut him off because I got sick my time. So I can translate. So he says that basically from the outside looking in, it always looks easy. Bodybuilding looks a lot easier than it is. Because people think it's just training, you just die a little bit, but they don't understand the complexities and how difficult it is when it comes to executing bodybuilding and all the different aspects of bodybuilding. And obviously with him following his dad, it makes things look a little bit easier than it is. And I'll go ahead and let him finish. Uh, I I I knew So what he's saying is the fact that he feels that he wants to direct his son with education first, also learning how to speak English, so he's taking in English course, and actually we talked about this yesterday with him and I that his 15-year-old son is learning English. And for those of you that keep asking that don't understand why Hottie has had such a problem speaking English, he can't hear himself and how he's pronunciating and denunciating, and the words because of his deafness, right, his hearing impaired quite tremendously. So it's become very difficult for Hottie to do it, so he's really trying to make sure his son learns English. So number one education, number two, learning English, number three, to find a job that he's going to be able to be good at, a career, I should say, and that career is going to be his staple. Bodybuilding is very, very expensive, and being that Muhammad at 15 years old is living a completely different lifestyle than Hottie did, when he was growing up, Hottie didn't have any money, he was very, very poor when he was coming up, he was very disadvantaged economically as he was coming up. Where his son has many, many attributions that are way more advanced in regards to the fact that he has the ability to train it, it a great gym, he has food, he has supplements, he has all of these things. So he's at a huge benefit, but ultimately he wants him to have all of those things in place, and utilize bodybuilding, secondarily, and make sure that he really focuses on all of the other above. The education, the being able to speak English, and as well as setting up a career, while he body builds. So Zibu and Amio, Hamain, she's up, Badan, Badazar, Karan. It's pl<|ru|>,iro,TILATS, Barat Karaysh. We call her grandmother very much, especially in economics, they do in economics. What you mean, we just ask for herfish in to show her yarn, but she will come in handy. And now Hathinihea looks at her, and learns to put it into her olm Lake掛 what happens and I see that, in Gallion, Germany, in 1, 2 and 3, we just may not come this long and they may not want to expand, but we can make sure that state of England in Germany then intr persulged. We try to staat in the west. I don't know what to do with the other one. But I don't know what to do with the other one. But I don't know what to do with the other one. Yeah, he really wants to focus on the ability to focus on the education and learning English. Things that he did had a disadvantage of, and he continues to have a disadvantage of. So he really wants him to focus on those things. And like I said, regarding the economic conditions, it costs so much money to be a really top end bodybuilder. And you don't make money, especially in the beginning, unless you're in a elite level bodybuilder. So he wants him to do it for the love of bodybuilding and not for just being able to look at it for a generation of, hey, I'm going to go out there when some bodybuilding shows and make a career out of this. Because 99% of the people do not make a career out of bodybuilding. So he wants him to just do it for the love of the sport, but be able to set him up a future up with education as well as a career. And that's his focus. Let's get to the next question. Okay, here's a good one here. Ronnie versus Phil. Ronnie, you'll feel Kudumiya ki, beta-dood. You know who you were in, by that time? No. No. Doew. Actually, in entering the state with a city. Viewers, Okay, so this is the one where you guys have to go to the YouTube channel. To see because he did a really good explanation of the breakdown of what he thought of both of their physiques. So if you want, if you're listening to this, this gives you a reason to go to YouTube and then make sure you like and comment below of what you think of what his actual just interpretation of each physique was. Tell me whether or not you agree and definitely go into the comments and let me know because I think it was an eloquent way of being able to break down both J. I mean, fill versus fill versus Ronny Coleman. So again, that's a good one for you guys. Are listening in the car right now? You're going to be like, damn you, honey. I'm going to have to go on YouTube now. Yes, you are. And put in the comments below what you think. All right. Let's see. Okay. What's your favorite supplement? Beta learning supplement. Pick me, quote him. Yelena supplement. If you're doing one supplement, could you hear his favorite? Creating. Okay. So that's it. Chara. Okay. I'll give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. All right. Guys, guess below what his favorite creature is. That was not hard. The creatine was his favorite supplement. He said that basically it's the most research. It's the most widely researched. It's got the science behind it, but also you can see the true effectiveness of creatine. So he feels that if there's one product, one product only, creatine is the favorite. So, so all the way, your next question, what's your favorite cheat meal? Favorite Razorik? Ma'le open a kebitunie, Azor Bichori as Hamar Razor, Kudmiki Bichari study. I don't know what you're going to say. Yelena, so he says, in American or Persian, I val' Amir Koye for American first. Burger, burger, just like cheeseburger? Well, panied, double the cheese. Double the goose, double the goose, double the time. She's, yeah, he likes double the cheese right. He always asks about it. Actually now that I remember. So his favorite is doing a double cheeseburger, double double. But not double, though, from in an opera because I don't think he's ever eaten in an out wig, but when we go to restaurants, he does ask me after the show to get a double burger. That means double meat, double cheese. And we're talking about like half pound burger guys that he's putting down. This is not like your thin McDonald's in and out little, you know, one, 16th of an Allen burger. We're talking about half pounds, two patties, all of that lettuce tomato, but piyas, but piyas? Yeah, with onions. Piyas, sort of, hey, y'all, Mamoli. Yeah, so regular onions, not sauteed. He likes to do the raw onions with it. Straight hardcore Persian style. Actually, hardcore Persian sounds me because I have both raw and sauteed because I had to make it taste a little bit like kubita and then that. Okay. So the double double cheeseburger is his go-to cheat meal. Is his answer? Next question. Is Runeev? What is your number one Persian dish that you like? So his number one Persian dish is his number one Persian dish is his Persian-Basmodi rice with the little zirashkabaries in there, which are a little barberries. And it's got like a sweet, slush tart taste to it. So if you haven't had it, it's amazing. But he gets it with the chicken thigh and it's seasoned with the Persian seasoning. It's got that little bit of that orangeish Persian seasoning taste amazing. That's his go-to. That's his favorite. Again, mine, I gotta go with the kubita because I am a kubita king. I am the kabob king. I love kabob's. And that's mine. But with that same rice with zirashkabaries with kubita. And I'll throw an a raw egg yolk in there. So if you ask all the guys that have eaten with me in the past, fill Jay all those guys, they'll see me sometimes. Throw a raw egg yolk. It's not with the egg white. It's a raw egg yolk into the hot rice and you mix it up. That is my my go-to. But nobody asked. Okay, so you wanted to know. Okay, next question. You guys have good questions here. What is your favorite place you've been to? Kujo as ha-make ishvara kudum yaki rashang tara-bu joyke tola la hafdeen. So as a kishpara, maslan shayed, kujo. Jay kudum kishpara joy, na kishpara, hafdeen. Aslan shayer. Joyke rafdeen tola. Kudum rashang taraim zibot harin. Chizayke dili intola kujo. Kuhoma kishpara joydeen, definitely. I'm a little bit chay. Bishal, hafdeen. Kishpara joye. I'm a little bit chayed. But Jidadir on a stock. Kuhoma kohora joye alaftin. Kuhoma kuhoma kuhora alaftin. Badan gishizy, bingu kujo, rashang taraim joye ijohan taraim joye. Alas bingu kohora ala joye tabi ato oba hafdeen. I know the book I'm a top kohoma kohoma kohora abdula tabu shadu. Really? Kai yoye like Dallas? He likes Dallas. Guys, it's corn points with detections guys. He likes Dallas a lot. So now as one joye, kohora deen. Sam Francisco already deen. As Hanme wujad, Do you know the story? Do you know the story? I was born in the middle of the time. Really? I was born in the middle of the time. I was born in the middle of the time. Tara do the story. Chalvat, Hube. I was born in the middle of the time. Kohora joye came to me and said, So California says that it was beautiful and everything. But the streets were really narrow. He loves the white streets. He loves the weather here. Again, it's been raining here. Excuse me, the last couple of days. So it's really cooled off into the 70s. So it's a little bit. We got a little bit of the northern California weather. Because the northern California today, it was 93 degrees. Yesterday was 95. So they got the Texas weather and we got the California weather. So he's really enjoying the rain in the mid 70s. And he says that he really likes the feel of the city and the vibe of the city. These 12 days. I mean those have theiricic tastes. BTS is like Dubai too. What totally do you like there is not a single dish there? Yes, aliers I like. They call it as a national national about the fact that it fills a lot like home in terms of the weather, hair and weather and everything from Shiraz. And so it reminds him a lot of that. So he really jells with it well. He said the people too are very, very kind and it reminds him a lot of being back home. So he just feels like more at ease here. He's been to a lot of amazing places and he loves them. But at the end, he's really likes it here, which is, again, not a guest, but the great insight. And also outside of Dallas, he says he loves Dubai. He thought that also has a very good feel in a very good vibe. So again, the things in Dubai are very, very positive in all of the different times he goes there. He really feels that it was really connecting with him. So again, Dallas and Dubai, D&D. That's awesome. Good, good questions, guys. Let's, we got one more here. Okay. What was your favorite look out of all of your looks that you brought to the stage? What did you have been on a classic or was it a different show? Which one? Okay. So he said that he was a 99% at the Arnold Classic. He thinks that it was a great great look. But if he had to pick an ultimate look, he still likes the images of the 2019 Olympia. And that was his first Olympia. And those are again, 99% on for the Arnold Classic. This here. And then he loves the photos and the images and what he brought on stage into the 2019 Olympia. So that's great. All right, guys. So again, this was just an impromptu Q&A that we wanted to do for you guys. Because now that we have hotty here, let us know in the comments what else you guys like to see. What other content you guys want to see? While we have the Persian Wolf here, stateside end Dallas. Go in the comments below for those of you that had to take and stop the car and get on to YouTube. I apologize with the same time. Definitely let us know what kind of content you want to see so we can provide that for you guys. And we're going to be giving you a lot more content on the Evigen channel as well as my channel. His channel as we're working our way to the Olympia preps. And so again, check it all out. Make sure you follow the Persian Wolf. Make sure you follow all of us. And thank you again for not only supporting our brand, but also supporting all the individual athletes as we get ready for the 60th anniversary of the Mr Olympia competition. Honey Rambad, Hadi Chopin, and that's the truth.