Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and I have none other than Mr. V. IP VP himself, Tyler Manning in the House. How are you doing, Tyler? I'm good. Thanks for having me. Well, thanks for coming by again. I know that it is that special time of the year. Not just Christmas coming up, but we have the nationals here in Dallas. That's right. And it's been awesome having you guys out here because not only are you right up the road, but we have the ability to get together and do this podcast. And now it's at the end of the season. So we can do a little bit of a wrap up of the season and talk about the, you know, the different things that have happened this year. Because last year we were talking about so many different new initiatives that you had. Yep. And I know that you sat down with your grandfather and the rest of the NPC team and the IFBB pro league. And you had a lot of initiatives. And, you know, what do you, where do you start? Where was your head when it came to going into this year? In terms of what was the priorities? And the biggest priorities I would say, you know, like off the top of your head. Because you guys had so many different things that you wanted to really step up. Yeah. So I would say on the amateur side, our biggest priority was, you know, really growing the natural shows and the natural movement within the NPC. And I feel like this year, we really did that. We had over 30 just NPC USA regional shows. And then with the Ben Weater as well, we experienced like significant growth with that show, which was only a month ago. And basically, we just wanted to make sure that in the fitness industry, we were encompassing every single area, letting everybody be able to compete, you know, in the NPC and IFBB pro league, which, of course, biously so I'm going to say are the best organizations in the world. And giving them the opportunity to become IFB pros. And going into next year, you know, like I've been saying, we're going to have IFB pro natural shows, which will be qualifiers for the Ben Weater natural pro show, which is the only place where at a natural show, you can earn your qualification to the actual Mr Olympia contest. So the best of the best natural athletes will, you know, be able to get to the Olympia stage. And on the amateur side, I think a lot of promoters were doing these shows for the first time. And the numbers in the turnout were amazing actually, better than what I expected. So I'm very happy with how they turned out. And we're going to have even more shows next year. We're expanding all around the world in Europe and Asia, you know, South America, everywhere. Are going to have natural shows and these athletes are going to have opportunities to answer into the NPC. And then hopefully the IFB pro league. And they're going to have an environment where, you know, not only can they compete in the natural side, they can compete in open shows and challenge themselves and to be their best. And hopefully we give them the platform and opportunities that they deserve as well. Well, that's great. Let me ask you this, when you're doing a show like that, are any of them bundled with a regular NPC, or are they always standalone? There's some standalone. There's some that, whether the natural shows on Friday, the opens on Saturday or some, the opens on Saturday, then the natural is on Sunday. There's quite a few that are bundled together. And actually, I think those shows are unique because a lot of times the natural athletes have been told from wherever they're coming from that. You can't hang in the NPC for whatever reasons that people want to say, you can't hang. And what always ends up happening is some of them decide, hey, I'm here. I want to do the open as well. And they do very, very well in the open. And then, of course, very well in the natural and they're like, whoa, this is completely different than what I heard and everything else. It's like, yeah, I think a lot of them kind of get talked down to and say they're not good enough when, as a matter of fact, they're very good, very impressive. I mean, the Ben Weeder itself, I was blown away with the quality of the physics with not only the pros, but the amateurs. I mean, there were some crazy impressive physics and then talk about like potential, like in athletes. I was like blown away in every category, men's, women's everything. So I was like pretty excited, judging the show and I'm like, okay, this is, you know, we're rolling here. It's got legs. It's got legs for sure. And there's a lot of people that wanted to see what we're going to do because at the pro qualifier and with the pros show as well. We polygraph tested every single person that entered the show, whether they were amateur pro. And then we did your analysis testing for class winners and division winners and everything like that. So getting double tested, you know, we're making sure that when we're at that elite level, the testing is going to be as strict as it gets, right? I mean, the testing normally is polygraph or you're an outsist, only on the regional level. But once you're moving up, the testing gets stricter. So everybody can say, hey, you know, they got tested. And you would talk to anybody at the show. It's much different than it was before because we made sure everybody got polygraph tested. So the same thing for, you know, we'll talk about it later, but on the amateur side, we're at another pro qualifier. The Pittsburgh next year. Yep. For the natural. So the same testing will be done there. There's going to be a natural, sure there. The, the amateur side of the Pittsburgh is going to be a natural pro qualifier. Wow. Just like the Ben Weater. So awesome. Yeah. I mean, I think I think we're growing very well there and everything's going to keep expanding at this point. Because I see a lot of excitement behind it. And yeah, I mean, I just think that many more people are going to be like, hey, okay. This was like the test your kind of. I know a lot of people wanted to see what was going to go on. Right. Now they're seeing they're like, okay, we want to get in this and see how we do. Well, was the Ben Weater this year? Was it right after the Olympia? A month after. Okay. So it must have been right around the time I was in Prague. It was the same weekend. Okay. That's probably why I didn't get a chance to look at any of that because I was so jammed up. Being in Prague for the entire week. I was there for like eight days. And then from there I went to Pana and Italy. But with the winner there, did that person now qualify for the Olympia? Is that, is that show the one that qualifies you? Yeah. So outside of men's body building, every other division in the pros, those winners could qualify for the Olympia. This was happening actually. This happened like the year prior. So there was Ben Weater winners that were on stage this year at the Olympia. It's just a wasn't really publicized. Like no one really knew much about it. Okay. So yeah, the like the winners that won this year will be on the Olympia stage next year in 2025. I remember you are actually talking about it here in this podcast. Same time last year about the fact that you were building it up and this was happening already and there was a Ben Weater last year. I think was the first year. Is that correct? Last year was the second year. Second year. This year was your third year? Yes. Got you. And then it makes sense that you're doing every class but the men's open because it's a big discrepancy. Exactly. Right. That being said, do you feel like there's more motivation for the promoters also to put on natural shows now? Are you seeing that? Of course. Of course. It was funny because of course as a promoter. This is your first time doing it. This is something you're at the built from scratch. So not as many people were excited or willing to go and try and do it. But now that we've seen success, we have people coming out of the woodwork that want to do it. And we did it all here. So now across the world, and B.C. Worldwide we have promoters that are like, whoa, we're missing the boat here. I kind of was telling them last year. But you need to see proof of concept, of course, especially in other places. So now they're like, oh, wow, yeah, we should be doing this. And now we got everything set up where worldwide, I think we're going to see a big, big growth in this whole entire, you know, natural side of the organization. You know, I've seen, you know, obviously I travel a lot. I'm getting ready to leave to go to India soon. And just got back from Prague and all over the world, as in Dubai before that. And I'm seeing everything grow. And one thing that I really wish we could do at some point is grow the Iranian market. The Iranian market in regards to athletes and just being able to do shows there, where are we with that right now? I would love love for us to have a show there. But obviously, because of the relations between the countries, I think it's very, very difficult. And I think one of the most important things to when it comes to doing a show is we want the staff and the judges to actually be in there that better NPC and IPB probably judges. Right. We don't just want to say, hey, okay, we could talk to whoever. I mean, a million people have massages, right? Well, we want to do a show and IPC show there. And then they're just staffing it with all random people and the only judges that could get into the country are from there that we don't even know. Right. And then it's like, hey, we have no idea, basically. Let's go in on there. What could be going on wherever we want to make sure like it's done correctly. And I know how many athletes are there in the quality. Of course, I know about it's crazy. But how many athletes are there and like what it could be? I think the potential is endless. It's just it's been very difficult to try to navigate all the little problems that, you know, exist. Yeah, exist. And that we would like to see to make sure, hey, we have quality control on the show. And it's going to be a real NPC IPB-prolique production. Yeah, I mean, that market is something that when the time comes, I cannot wait to have something there. Yeah, me, you know, obviously I'm from there originally, in terms of my family. Origin is from there. Hotty is from there. Bodybuilding has grown so much in the last 20 years in Iran. The athletes, like you mentioned, are amazing. And we don't get to see them because they are not available to, you know, come to the United States because of the visa situations. And so you see them compete in other areas like they could come to Dubai sometimes, they'll be able to go to certain countries, just there's limitations. But it would be great to see the Olympia slash NPC slash NPC worldwide organization in one of the largest, I'm just going to put it out there. That in Brazil are the two biggest bodybuilding countries in the world. And it's second only to. Soccer. So soccer, otherwise known as football to everybody else in the world is number one, and number two, I believe is bodybuilding. Yeah. I would love to go to Iran. I want to go see these passionate athletes and passionate fans and everything that we see online. And again, they're, they get crazy sometimes. So, you know, our people are a bit nuts because they're very passionate. They love their athletes. They love the sport. They love following the journeys of all these things. And I feel like hotty is somebody that's given everybody hope because you have somebody who is a construction worker who is, you know, partially hearing impaired deaf all the way to not being able to speak English due to that to someone who doesn't have the proper passport to be able to come and go as they wish and still be able to win the Mr. Olympia competition. And so if someone like that can do it, it gives so much hope to everybody. Yes. Not just in Iran, but around the world to be able to say you don't have to be born with a silver spoon in your mouth to become the best in the world in bodybuilding. Exactly. And I know one of the big things is, oh, politics says politics at, hotty one, right? Before him, Big Romney is from Egypt. Yes. He truthfully don't care where you're from, what you look other than fitting the criteria for your division. We don't care your entire background. It does not matter once you get on that stage. We're looking at just your body on stage. And, you know, obviously fans in different countries, they get very passionate behind their people. So they could care less how good anybody else looks, right? They're only focused on their people. But, yeah, I mean, anybody can do it. And we've had a ton of Iranian athletes have success. I mean, listen, we've written letters. We've done everything we can to even help be a rose. Yeah. Right? Another Iranian athlete that's incredible that we would love to have him here in the States and be competing in the States. So I mean, I can only hope everything gets better. And, you know, athletes are able to come here easier. We're able to eventually do something there. Right. I know, I know will be just unbelievable when that time comes. So that's always something that constantly we're looking at and seeing what we're able to do. I would love for us to be able to go there at some point. Yeah. I would love to personally go there to be able to see where my parents were from, to be able to see where they grew up. And obviously my dad was a coach and was somebody, my parents both came from the northern part of Iran called Shomal. They're, it's like, enrashed. And a lot of people from different parts of just Iran in general, doesn't matter where they're from, they're just really into it. And I feel like the reason why them and even now I'm seeing Mexico growing. And I'm seeing, you know, Brazil, I feel like when you go on social media, you get to be able to connect at such a high level. And even though they don't have the freedom to travel on their phone, they're able to travel, meaning that they can feel as being part of the journey when hotty or any of the Ramon Ramon Dino or any of these athletes from those parts of the world are doing their YouTube and they're doing Instagram and they're doing all of these posts. I feel like it gives them hope and it gives them the ability to create motivation internally. And I know you and I just got done working out. Right. We just got done doing some arms, came in, doing a great little workout. And my thought process is that when people go into the gym, it's a stress reliever. Yeah. It competes. I feel like it creates the ability for someone to also build discipline. And that is the number one thing that I talk about when I go around the world. And I feel that it's not talked about enough. How important it is to be able to do one show. At least one show. It doesn't matter how old you are, but to be able to die it for 12 or 16 weeks or to do a mini cut and then go into a contest preparation. And it doesn't matter where you end up. The journey itself strengthens you and gives you discipline and drive that will allow you to be much better at everything you do in touch. And I feel like so many people don't realize the benefit of that. And I feel that you and I talked about all the time. You would have loved to compete. You competed in wrestling. I used to come and watch you. And in college. I was at Stanford University. I was out there. And we were watching you. Me and Eve Jenick came out there. I'm watching. And even when you were hurt and you were trying to, you know, with your shoulder and you had all these issues. But you were out there grinding with Maryland, right? And it was a great school. But I guess do you feel a little bit of that, like where people have feel like kind of softer now? They're a little bit softer mentality because they don't have that ability because they've never done that because I feel like that. And you know, and I'll speak for it. But again, I feel like, and I, and the reason I put this out there is because I feel like this is almost like it's own self help. I'm not competing. I mean, I agree. It's like the discipline that you're talking about. I think a lot of people don't have it. And like you said, like when you compete once, really like to compete once, it's for a lot of people to do it and put that goal out there and get on stage. Doesn't matter if you're first or last. It's about like your own journey and realizing what you're capable of too. I mean, so wrestling is very similar to a prep, except your diet is not really great. Kind of starve in yourself. But you're also your practices. You're not, you're not doing like walkthroughs like other sports. Like you're wrestling, you're losing weight while you're wrestling. And then you're also going 100%. Like every single day. So it's not just like you're going 100%. Like in your math, even like the US UFC fighters that came from wrestling, they're like, oh, wrestling practice and when we wrestle, it's the hardest. The hardest thing ever because you're basically like dying. And you're going 100% with everybody that's in the room with you and everything else. But what that did and why I mean, again, a little bit off bodybuilding. But why wrestling is like the best background is because the discipline, like the best workers, I think you could have like for a company or anything because they know suffering. They know discipline. You know, you got to power through stuff and everything else. And then you take it into bodybuilding and you're prepping and you got to work out through your prep and your strict on your diet. You can't cheat and everything else. Yeah, I think a lot of people could benefit from competing no matter the division and everything else but going through that journey. Yeah, I think it would be better for people in general if they had that too. I think it would be better overall with mindset and everything else. Yeah, and I think it's going to get more and more that way because when you see even things that I see on Instagram, when you see mental coaches that are trying to create that higher level of intense focus, what they do is they put you through like this pseudo Navy SEALS training. I remember I was talking to Baydross about it in Baydross as a guy that really, they do these camps that are like many Navy SEALS type camps to try to create that mental toughness. So, you know, they go to San Diego. They have drill instructors, they're grind at you. But again, all in all, it's just a couple of days and they don't, you know, ring the bell. If you, if you want to be pulled out, if you can't handle it type thing. But it's still only a couple of days. When it comes to competing, it's 12, it's 14 weeks. When people aren't watching, they're not going to be yelling at you. Yep. You have to have that mental fortitude and you have to have that accountability for you and if you have a coach to send that in, but your coach isn't with you 24 or 7. Exactly. It's all self accountability and discipline and doing everything when no one's watching, making sure you're doing it right. Absolutely. And I think that that's why some of these different little workshops are so popular when it comes to this mental toughness and mental training because they take you in for a couple of days. But when you have an entire 12 week, 14 week prep, that's a whole different level of self accountability and a little bit of that, hey, I got to suffer a little bit. I got to suffer and not be able to eat during the holidays or I have to turn around and do that. And I think that's what bodybuilding is provided. And it's been over 25 years since I've competed. But at the same time, I still feel a lot of that discipline when I work with my athletes and still when I don't want to get up at 4 o'clock in the morning, but I have to because I'm on a different time zone and I need to look at their pictures and I need to be able to do those things and stress about are they doing the right things as a coach. Then coming into the office and working all those things, I think Arnold was great at it and he became the one who was popular actor, the most highly paid actor in the world. He ran the fifth largest economy as being the governor and then being able to focus on building a real estate empire, all of these things, even to your grandfather who started and I think he was the AAU. Yeah, yeah, back in the 70s, early 70s. Yep, and I can't wait to get him on. We're going to have to get him on at one point. But when I talked to him, it was because of a necessity and because of the fact that he loved bodybuilding and he was so disciplined and back then it was such a slow growth because it didn't have any social media. There was none of those things. There was no internet, right? It was fax machines and telephones and that was it. And as you've been able to kind of take the range right now and you're growing the brand, where do you see the next year or two? So I think one of the things that I've been focused on and want to continue to focus on is expanding the sport through the competitors obviously. We want to see more people compete and get on stage. And also obviously through the prize money, the visibility because again, like you can listen to what Dana White says about the UFC and everything else at the end of the day where platform, right? We are a platform for athletes to go out there and make living and really achieve their dreams as well. Right. People that, whether it's through competitions, success or through business success, which there's like a whole fitness industry economy and ecosystem that comes through, you know, the NPC and I. If you be pro, like you can have side hustles, you can have a full time job, you can have all these different things that I think thousands and thousands of people have, you know, through this and like what what my, you know, grandfather basically created with the NPC, which I think is unbelievable, but getting, which I think has only been expanding, you know, I think our athletes do a great job as well with this of touching other people, making them, you know, they become a fan of one person and one competitor and they start watching them and they go, you know what, I'm like inspired to like go do this and try this and everything else. So one of the things that we are going to do next year is on the woman side, we want to, basically we're going to add another new division, which I know everybody's asked me for I'm like, yeah, no, no, no, we're not going to do it, but I think again, like identified last year with the natural stuff, there's a segment of the market that we're missing that we're not touching and it's really on the woman side and it's going to be a division, it's going to be called the, you know, fit model division and it's going to be less muscle, less conditioned, you know, a very, very attainable look even once it gets to the, you know, pros competing in this division, the average gym going, you know, person, especially woman, the average gym going, woman is going to look at it and say, hey, you know what, I can do this, I can, I can look like that if I put in some time and everything else because even in bikini, we've all been next to the best bikini competitors, they're not big, right? They're not shredded, they're not crazy. Like it's nothing like that, but the average gym gore that maybe has just started or hasn't worked out that hard looks at the pictures and goes, oh my god, I can never look like that. So it's a little bit discouraging even though that division for me bikini, I think is very, very attainable once people get inside the sport and put in work and everything else and we're talking about the misalimpi as so of course through the best in the world. It should look like, hey, I can't roll out a bad and start this in six months and go do it. But with this new division, it's going to be our entry level division, you know, the rules we're going to have around it are going to make sure it's very contained. It doesn't blur the lines between this and bikini, right? There's going to be a very, very clear difference and it's going to stay attainable with everything that we're going to do and I think that is going to influence and get more of that general population to enter into these organizations, enter into the ecosystem. So not only are the organizations growing but the reach of the organizations are growing, the opportunities, the businesses, you know, everything, everything is just expanding and growing. So that is my main goal and I want to see, you know, what happens next year with it. Of course, we're going to have some girls that work in bikini, think, oh, maybe I want to kind of not do bikini and go into this division. Right. So I think we'll see that a little bit. Yep. But I think what we're going to see is and hopefully is a lot of people that are coming in that are new. In flux. And they're going to be inspired and say, hey, what is going on with this? I want to be involved somehow. I want to try this and everything else. And I think that's a segment we were missing. So that's what I want to highlight. And again, once we start that with the amateurs, that's bringing in people to everything to the to the pro side as well because it's bringing in eyeballs. It's bringing in more people that are going to be around it. I think it's going to sponsor's going to like it, right? Yep. Promoters are going to like it. Everybody's going to like it because everybody's benefiting from it. So that is the my main focus for the MPC and how to grow it in expanded for an extra. That's what we're going to do. So I'm really excited about it. You know, I know we briefly talked about it last year about possibly doing it. And what's really nice is the fact that we're doing it because in the past, it was one of those things where we feel like let's wait and see, let's try to get as much feedback. But now the feedback is coming back quicker and you're able to survey that and say, yep, let's turn around do that. And that's amazing because I really feel that that can be done. And like you said, put together launching this year in 2025, correct? Correct. Will pro shows becoming into a 2025 or is that going to be weighed in 2026? 2026. So it will be in regional shows, it will be in pro qualifiers, MPC USA, MPC worldwide everywhere around the world. Okay. Basically how we've adopted every other division. So the newest one that we did five years ago or whatever was wellness, the same thing. All amateur stuff the first year that we had the pro stuff. And we'll decide if there's an Olympia because Olympia is now towards the end of the year. If there can be an Olympia the first year, it would depend. We'll see. It's all going to depend on the numbers of everything as well. If not, it will be that next year. 2027. Yep. But that's, you know, that's what we're going to do. And like you said, it's all about the feedback from people and everybody. So I've been kind of steadfast and say, no, no, we don't need a new division. We don't need this. We don't need that. Of course, you always see the negative side of people what they say to like, once we do what there's going to be complaints, you want to add this and it's just this, it's just that whatever. But no, it's because I want to grow the organizations and the segment that we were missing. I think this is a perfect target. But also it's because like you said, you, but many, many other people in coaches and athletes, when they're saying something, you need to listen. And I think that's a huge thing. Like, if it was me myself, I'd be like a little slobber and say, hey, no, we don't need this or fine. We're doing great. Like, what do we need this where we need that in our division? Like, but the, the want for it is out there. And when all these different people that are also smart people and have good ideas and everything else are coming to you with stuff, once everybody's aligning and they don't know each other, it's like, okay, hey, we're missing something here. So that's, that's one of the main things that I, you know, I've learned, you know, from being around my grandpa and everybody else is you've got to be open to listening to people. And then finally, whenever you think you can take it and run with it. And, you know, organize and everything else, then it's the time to do it and implement it because obviously you're, you're missing something here. So yeah, I think, you know, a lot of coaches out there, I know have come and talked to me. So trust me, I, I listen to everything. Sometimes the ideas are not good at all. Sometimes they're good ideas. And that's, that's I think what makes like a good leader too, you know, so that's, I'm excited about it. I'm very excited about it. I'm super stoked about it because I know that you're taking all the information and you're creating a business plan off of it. Yeah. And you got a lot of smart people around you. So making sure that you can be able to implement it, think a couple of steps ahead and making sure that you're focusing on the future because one of the other things about this is that not only is it going to cast a wider net, but what it's going to do is it's going to create a much larger ecosystem and the beginner level. Yes. And we did it when we first had bikini, but embody building, we evolved. That's why it's body building and not body maintaining. And with that, the audience now that looked at bikini five years ago, isn't the same physique, okay? And now because of that, putting those parameters and understanding how do we put a new division in, but also lock it a little tighter? Yep. I think is really important. And I know that you and I have talked for many years about maybe even doing it with a men's physique type thing down the road. Yep. We're coming back and saying let's create a new division so that the entry level can be more entry. Yeah. So that we can get wider audience. And I would love to see that. And I think that's also obviously something that's completely in the works in terms of thinking and processing, but taking it step by step obviously. You can't just turn around and just go ahead and make a five, you know, of course meal off of a brand new menu. You have to go kind of like entry by entree. Yeah. And that's how you have to do it and you break it down like any real business does. But what I'm super excited about is just how many people have always said, I would love to do this, but I think they're just a little too more advanced. Now you go in there and you say, hey, look, I'm going to go over and what do we call it? Fit model. The Fit model division. Yeah. And I'm going to go in there as a novice. And I'm going to go in there and you can have somebody who's just been training, you know, that's got decent shape. You can go in there. I guess when you look at that eventually, are you going to give it, you know, breakdown? Is that going to be more of like a Hawaiian tropical look or is it more, so bikini started and what I want to say, 2009, 2010, right around there. And the look obviously like you said at advanced, I think basically if you look from about the last five years, we've hit the criteria, we've hit the standard at the top and I think all the, all the women at the top have held the line, you know, knocked on too big or too muscular, too hard. You know, we made sure the conditioning was toned down everything like, you know, it's taken a lot of tweaks because everything did advance like it doesn't every division. But I think we're at a point where, okay, we have this steady, which is what we need, right? That's very important. Now with this, if you look at what bikini was and at the, so here's the thing, at the beginning, what it was was what was it, the criteria was all, you know, was all over the place, like everything is all over the place, it's new, right? Right. Then you see it starts to get more advanced, everything like that, but still kind of hard to see and everything else like that. So I think like if you go look at, I mean, she's a current bikini competitor still contender, but Ashley won 2013 to 2015. You say Ashley, you tell my Ashley called. Ashley called, was her yes. So in that 2015 look, I think when you see how she looked, you know, obviously the muscularity is less, there's less emphasis on the muscularity, there's less emphasis on the conditioning, but like nothing, you know, the conditioning is still there where, yes, we're not seeing any separation, but everything is firm, you know, everything is in shape and it's a very, very attainable look, opposing the front more toned look. A ton more toned look, the front pose is going to be different. Okay. Okay. So it's going to be like the old school way they were hitting it right with the one, one foot forward, like the hip tilted and the one leg back, so they're more straight on. Okay. Right. And then the back pose will be the same, but again, we're not looking for tie-ins, shouldn't be seeing their hamstrings at all, which is, you know, firm glutes and everything. So the criteria is going to be outlined. It's going to be on every snooze online, everything like that, but it's also, I know this is a division where on the judging side now talking as a judge, we will definitely receive more complaints because it's, this is going to be the hardest class to differentiate people and 100% it's going to be the hardest because the less you go on everything, the harder it is to differentiate because it's much easier for people to look way way more similar. So there's going to be, it's going to be very, very hard to judge because we're going to get to a point like we did with, you know, with every division where, wow, these, they look great for the criteria and everything else. Right. So, you know, that's why stage presence and posing and everything comes into play, especially even more in this division. But, you know, there's going to be, it's a clear look like, like I said, basically what we're using is Ashley's look from 2015. Mm-hmm. That's what we want. That's what we're going to want the top pros to look like. So, of course, the closest you can get to that, you're going to have more success on the amateur level, everything else. And that's, you know, that's basically where we're going to want to see the girls at. And I think that's a great look because, again, girls are going to look at that and I think, like you were kind of saying, there's an intimidation factor. Wow, now I'm a fan of this and everything else. But, oh, man, like it will take me forever to look like that. Right. Well, it won't take forever to look like this in this division. I think that's motivating. The intimidation factor is lessened a lot. Right. And that's again, that's how you get everybody get more people in. And that encourages the growth of the sport. What's at the end of the day, when the sport grows, it's helping everybody, but especially the athletes because, again, kind of veering off the topic just a little bit. But with the pros side and the prize money and everything that we're doing to try to raise that and get more sponsors, this is only going to help. So that for me is like one of the biggest reasons on why to do this because I think at the end of the day, it's going to help the platform. It's going to grow it and hopefully get as we keep progressing, more and more mainstream sponsors to start taking a look and getting that in here. And that's my end goal, of course, is doing that because the more we raise the prize money for the pros, the more people are going to be like, hey, I want to do something in this. And like I said, a lot of people come in and they go, I have aspirations to be the best. I want to be Mr. Miss Olympia. Yeah. And then they get to a point where they realize, hey, maybe I can't do it. I just don't have the genetics or anything else. But I realized, wow, I'm really good at opposing somebody. Wow, I'm really good at putting together a training plan. Wow, I'm really good good at coaching. Actually, I started making suits. So I'm doing like there's a million different things. So then they get in and the ecosystem and the environment, it all just grows. It grows. And you know what, it just takes me back to the beginning of this podcast. When you are going to now step into a stage, thought process and you look at men's physique or you look at even bikini. And you kind of, whoa, some of these guys are pretty jack now because the evolution has happened. But now if you're creating that in those new divisions, now it's less intimidating like you just mentioned. And then it becomes more attainable. So now you're not going to say, well, I'm going to get blown away getting on stage. So therefore, I'm really intimidated by getting on stage. Now you have an entry level to be able to get you in so that you can still be competitive. Yes. And you're not going to feel like, oh my god, there's such a discrepancy. I'm three years away from getting on stage. You can be six months away because you've already been training. And then now step on stage and be competitive and have a good look. And that's what I love about it. And I'm hoping that sooner than later we're going to be able to do that same thing with a men's division and kind of go back to that Jeremy type of 160 pounds, 70 pound person look eventually do to be able to reassess that to try to bring in drugs because again, we know the people are out there. They want to be competitive. They want to be able to be a piece of it. But they just don't have the wear with all to take three years to do it. And another thing like I said at first, we might say some girls scale back from bikini. I think I'm talking more on the amateur side, the new competitors and everything else. But I also think once we see hopefully the influx of new people that come in for the fit model, right? You're going to see a lot that are like, hey, I love training. I love progressing. You're going to get to a certain point in the criteria where hey, this is going to be a little bit too much. Probably you're going to look better in bikini. Right. Like we see it from every single division, bikini to figure figure to women's physique, women's physique to bodybuilding, men's physique to classic, classic to open, right? I mean, you see it all the time. Right. So I think it only like once you get that influx, it's like, hey, yes, I think this division is going to be great. I think it's going to be big. And I get things going to thrive. And then I also think it's going to actually end up strengthening the one rate above it, which is bikini. Yep. So I actually think like a bit like a bit. Exactly. And do time, we're going to see both like hopefully explode. Yeah. I think it's going to happen. I really do. I think this is exactly the proverbial like boost that we need so that we can be able to really create even more synergy. And when you can scale because the first run in the ladder when it's too high, people don't get on the ladder. But now that we have someone where we can get in, they can go there. Stay there. Feel great about it. Or they go, I'm continue to keep training. And I want to progress. Yeah. And here you go. And my body looks even better. And I think I will do even better in the next division. And then they move their way up. Let me ask you this. When you say fit model, I think of the whole package. On that division, are we going to look at everything? Are we going to look at like, you know, the hair, the makeup, everything. Yeah, because everything's going to be taken into account. Okay. Basically kind of, I mean, when the magazines were around, remember what the fitness models on the covers you still look like, that's that's basically, you know, that's what actually look like when she won. That's that was the look of that division. What all the girls look like. So that's what we want to gear towards and why yes, hair, makeup, presentation, stage presence, everything, you know, even like in your short amount of time, you can display everything in those 10 seconds of coming out, walking out, doing your front and back pose, going off, then coming in comparisons, you can easily do that. So yeah, everything is going to be coming into play in that division. Great. So what I like about that is that in the past, it was NPC National Physique Committee and it was always the physique. It was never from the neck up per se, even though, you know, in bikini and some of the other, you still look at it, but it wasn't judged. But what we're saying now is that we're going to judge. So if your face is too gaunt, you're too sucked in, but your body looks good. You're, you're going to not be the ideal criteria because you're not the full package. Now with fit model, we're going to look at everything. Yeah. So that way. I mean, bikini still, we don't like that sucked in and everything is for sure. We're still, we're still looking at that. But yeah, especially in this division where it's supposed to be, you know, attainable and everything else and the conditioning is not supposed to push based, you know, really at all compared to anything else. Yeah, that's, that's going to be super, super important. Perfect. People will know right away when they're too conditioned for this class. Right. Yeah. Because you'll end up, you don't want to be sucked in. You don't want to have, you know, any of the situations where, you know, your hair, everything makeup, like you said, color, everything has to just kind of really be on point because it's a model. You're, you're, you're coming in like a model. Yeah. So that's, you know, the ideal situation where you're not looking at just this, you know, it's not a glute show. It's not a, shoulders versus exactly. You're not looking at certain things. Oh, it's not, you're conditioning being so outstanding the denture as a detriment. You need to have your conditioning where we want into the criteria, not over conditioned and over muscularity. It will be easy, you know, it will be easy for people you have, you need to, you need to go up, you know, that's, that's the point. Awesome. And then is the suit going to be different. So about the suits right now what we're going to do is, you know, suits for every category are pretty expensive. We don't want to be on the suits. So they're going to be kind of more like the posing suits they sound, everything else. They're going to be plain in color, no bling. Again, entry level attainable. We don't want to scare people off with the cost of what, what it costs to get ready and do the show. Okay. To stop and then for the suit bottoms, we want moderate coverage. All the suit, you know, suit makers have everything, micro cut, pro cut, Brazilian cut, you know, whatever they call it, are all too small. You have to have the moderate coverage, which is almost like 50% coverage on the, on the suit bottom, especially on the back. Okay. The bottom and the front is not too low, not to anything. That's, that's the suit we want. Like, if you have too small, the suit you're going to end up getting sent off stage or just not allowed a lot of compete. So okay. Everybody's going to know that that's that's in the rules too. But yeah, that's, that's also what we want. So those are the differences in the suit. Because again, that's, we want to encourage as many people as possible to come in here. Right. So when somebody sees that, it doesn't look like they're wearing a thong. Correct. And then what's happening is then people see that and go, okay, I don't feel comfortable wearing that thong. Yeah. Because I'm just wanting to get up there and show almost like a bikini style body. Where I can be able to show myself without feeling like I'm making it. And again, this is the, this is the suits that were, the criteria we're using for the suits for the first year. And maybe evolution might not have. We don't know where we'll go from there. But this is what we're trying out the first year. Because again, this is all trial and error whenever we do everything. So absolutely, especially the first couple of years. No, it evolves. But yeah, that's so exciting to be able to talk about. And do we have a first show for this yet? Probably end up just being whatever the first NBC show on the schedule is for, for next year. Why don't we give you the opportunity on your Instagram? Yeah. You can post about that. Yep. What we'll do is we'll bring it back and then tag your Instagram page. Yeah. And then right as you know, let's go ahead and announce it. Yeah. So that way we can go ahead and be sure that everybody knows. Yep. Because again, I know this, I mean, I'm 100 to show. Across the world. Yeah. Across the world. We had, I want to say more than 800 shows this year. 800 shows across the world. That's crazy. Yeah. That's not. So again, because there's 800 shows, we'll go ahead and announce when it right when the schedule comes out and go to NPC News Online and that'll be on there. But as well as, you know, you've been doing your regular updates on your Instagram page as well as your physique updates. It's you. And guys, if you haven't seen Tyler's page, he's definitely been working hard because he got a crazy pump today. But then I was like, man, you actually were looking pretty good. And then when you got pumped today, I'm like, wow, this is a good start. Yeah. I started getting into shape again. But yeah, I mean, like I said, I'm looking at people that are extremely in shape every weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, I got to walk the walk a little bit. But I mean, I've trained since I was 13 and I've been around body thought, I think since I was born. So I love training and doing everything. So yeah, it's just been fun getting back into shape. It's funny because in the comments, people were talking. They're like, you can't read for a show. Yeah. You're going to compete. I was like, no, I can't compete, obviously. But yeah, I would have always like, I would have always wanted to for sure because again, you that competitive background you come in and you're competing against yourself and also other people. But yeah, of course. And I looked at all the magazines and everything else since I've been little. So yeah, no, of course. I mean, I love this sport. I breathe that I live it. And what I think about doing and making better every single day. So yeah, and now you're doing that with the Pittsburgh pro. Yeah. So let's talk about that. Pittsburgh pros coming in May, what's the date? It is May 10th and 11th next year. Because that's at the Pittsburgh Convention Center, right downtown. I'm really excited about it. Really, my grandpas like a C show, right? And I always thought like, hey, why why do we not have an expert with this? Why don't we blow it up and make it big and everything? I mean, it's always been a special show. You bring things in all the guest posters and everything else. I mean, but it was like, it should be bigger, you know, it's because like everything that he's done in the sport and everything else. I think like to have a show that's named after him and make it big and everything like that. Also, I think with everything we've been doing to bring in more sponsors and prize money, everything else doing this and giving these competitors a show with again, another show, another option to make good money just from one show. I think is a huge deal. I mean, so we announced open, we're having an open men this year, which is going to be super, super exciting, 100,000 to the winner. But I mean, we're paying the top five or paying them, you know, good money. First time the Pittsburgh pro has the open man's bodybuilding. Open bodybuilding. Yep. Now, you may think that had opened because we had all the open top guys, guest posing. Yeah. All those great, great pictures of Ronnie and Jay and Phil and Kai and Branch and all the top guys would always guess pose there. Yes. But now you're literally getting some of those new modern day athletes that are going to be jumping in the show because you're giving away how much? So to the open bodybuilders alone, a total of 200,000. Total 200,000 in first places. 100,000. 100k. So basically, we have the Olympia. It's 600. We have the 500k for the Arnold. Yep. And then we have the Pittsburgh. Yes. And then the Dubai show is also up there. And then, you know, obviously the New York pro cannot forget about that because this is also really I think with the New York pro, it's going to help because now you can piggyback with Steve's show. Because Steve's show is going to be what right one or two weeks after one week after. So you literally stay in shape. Yep. You have your burger that night. You have your fries. And then you get right back on your. Yep. And this year in New York pro, we raised the prize money to 30,000 for the winner. So the, you know, before this year with everything we did, the normal, the normal prize money for a win was 10,000. Yes. So 30,000 definitely not jump change at all. And then, you know, obviously 100,000 for the Pittsburgh. We kind of dove in. I got to give a plug and a shout out to New Tech and Axon Sledge because they came in as title and presenting sponsors. And they see the vision. Again, this is part of the part of the thing of having the sponsors participate and really, you know, want to be involved in this industry. So we were able to do this. And then we're only talking about the open men. I mean, I made one announcement about the bikini prize money. The total 50,000. Right. So that is actually the second highest prize money for bikini after the Olympia. So the second highest prize money. And that's like a 20 grand first place or 15, 20. Um, no, 25 grand. Wow. 25 k first place 25 k first place for bikini. Wow. So that's the second highest prize money in bikini. Every single division that we do, which is, we still have classic men's physique. Okay. Figure, wellness and woman's physique outside of bikini and men's open. Every single division is going to have raised prize money. Obviously we're still talking to sponsors and everything else. But the prize money is definitely going to be raised. I think people are going to be very excited and very happy as we keep dropping those announcements, you know, leading up to the show. And we're going to have top top level competitors competing, which, again, I think is great for the sport, great for the fans because again, more storylines, more eyeballs, they're competing and everything else. So it's like, hey, it's another show where you're going to get very good people, very top level, Olympia competitors competing against each other to create the storylines for that year's Olympia. So I'm really, really excited about it. I mean, it's, it's basically been something that I've wanted to have and do for a long time. Okay. And now I think we're, it's the perfect spot and we're kind of diving all in. So, you know, the more support that we get, you know, whether it's from attendees at the expo, which we're trying to make sure we get the best exhibitors that are going to bring in, you know, the people and everything that everybody wants to see to make sure we get a good attendance there. And then obviously with sponsors, of course, and everything else, the more we grow this show, the more I want to grow the prize money and give back to the athletes, because I think, you know, for me and my grandfather, that's the main goal and focus of this show because we do so much else and everything else with everything. So this is this is kind of like also a give back show to all the athletes, you know, all the pro athletes and everything like that. So the line up for the open men, I can't say anything yet, but I can only say that there's going to be multiple top six Olympia guys in the lineup that have already confirmed that they're going to be in there. So this is going to be, yeah, I mean, and there's still maybe more that would jump in and everything else, but yeah, I think the whole show's going to be great. And anyway, you know, that's why we're giving down to fifth place, fifth place is getting $10,000. So that's what a regular pro show is to use the win. Yeah, we're giving it for fifth place. So I also think that this is a great opportunity that some guys are going to hear, oh, some of the best guys are going to be in it. Well, yeah, get, you know, get your ass on stage and get an X to them. So you get compared to them, you know, how did another show? So you know, you know, what's your up against? And I feel like it's going to be a good showcase for some open comers too. We've been, you know, we've been talking to a few of them, too. There's some up and comers out there that we were, hey, this is your shot to get next to some of these guys, you know, just in a different environment. So, so go do it and create excitement. That also builds their brand and everything else. So I feel like I feel like the line-ups going to be going to be very good. I'm pretty pumped up right now with with how everything's looking. The energy and a lot of buzz. It's a lot of buzz. Just a lot of buzz in general. I mean, I was talking to Ronnie Coleman and Ronnie told me we were in Dubai and he told me he goes, man, what do you think about the 600 K at the Olympia? And what do you think about shows that are like coming up with $100,000? And that's what they used to give to the Mr. Olympia, not too long ago. And he said, man, it took me six Mr. Olympia wins to get that 600 K. So, I mean, literally, he's like, in one Olympia, someone, you know, Samson, Disaster, one 600 K that was equivalent to six of Ronnie's titles. Yeah. And so, I think it was stagnant for a while. I think that now with everything that's going on and it's just obviously the synergies of everything with social media and all these companies that are seeing the value and that's not even the mainstream yet. Yeah. I just disguised a limit and then also the natural side growing. Let me ask you this. If you had the opportunity where we can be able to get bodybuilding in the Olympics, what would your thought process be on that? I think they always wanted to do that back in the day, but I don't know, stuff with the Olympic sports is kind of strange. You're going to go through all these, I think all these, you know, different kind of things that they make you do and everything else. Right here. Yeah. Yeah. And I just, I don't know if that's ever going to be a thing. I don't know if that's ever going to be a thing to be honest. I don't know if that would even help really, it's true. I don't think, I don't know if that would help to grow this sport because at the end of the day, it's, you know, would be like another amateur thing, right? Obviously, the deal. Well, I guess, I don't know. I guess not, not really, it could be pro, I guess would be another pro show, but I don't know that I think Joe and Ben really tried to work on that back in the day and they never could, could get a breakthrough because there was always some red tape that they would have to say, oh, we need this, we need that that was just an impossible to work around. So I don't know if they'll really help with the growth of the sport. I kind of think everything that we're trying to do and push right now is really, is really growing it like you said. And yeah, I mean, I think there's so much more room for growth that we're getting there, you know, we're again there, but that's, that's my goal is to see this, you know, it's impossible to say, oh, it's going to be the NBA or even like the UFC, but it can grow so, so much more, especially as we keep growing, like we said, the whole environment and ecosystem here. And once we get some more mainstream sponsors to realize that and chip in and everything else, we can be talking about some crazy numbers and some crazy things that all the sun were catching even more people's attention. Yeah, somebody get together that's a fan from Ford or Chevy or Mercedes Benz or something. Yeah, so if there's anybody out there selfishly, please, you have any of these contacts, hit me up, help us out here, you know, that's right. Well, we, we definitely get you some good manners and get you some good ad placement in a lot of different channels. And, you know, throwing a Ferrari or something, we get a Ferrari, yeah, yeah, you know, you know who you are, we get some people from Ferrari that follow me, but we got to get you to some of the bodybuilding shows and some of my Google friends, you know, bring them out. They actually very interesting, one of my buddies Benz, that he's a track with and he's a vice president and a Google, and he asks me, he goes, hey man, I think I want to come over there, him and his wife, and I said, absolutely, let me know and you know, I want you to come out and bring them out to one of the shows, because even them, just because they follow me on social and we've been friends for so long, they're like, it's so, they're just like, I kind of like, I want to see this world in person. And then they come and I feel like they're minesable and they're like, whoa, yeah, and they haven't been able to come yet because they haven't been able to come out, but they had just moved to Austin, actually. And, but when I had Shannon here, a couple, you know, Shannon Sharp here a couple of months ago, and he was just at the Olympia, too. And we were talking him and I were talking and while like, you do, you better make sure you come and he's like, as long as I'm not doing the Ocho Sinko podcast, I will 100% be there from not traveling and then he showed up. So I know Dan took good care of them, and he was able to come and he even said to me, he goes, one day, I wouldn't mind just jumping up on that stage. And I'm just like, well, you might got enough for Tina today, especially, you know, throwing some board shorts, you don't have to worry about going out and destroying your knees. Yep, you know, because it's so muscular. I mean, you've seen how big Shannon is. Oh, yeah, I mean, I think we might be seeing more of an influx of like, especially like XNF allures and stuff like that that one again, shape that are that are going to end up getting on stage. Yeah, I mean, I really, I really think that's that's something that's going to help again, help the visibility and everything else, but a lot of people when they come to the show, they're like, man, that was intense. Like, they get into it. And I feel like that's part of the thing like, hey, there's, you know, of course, you can watch it on the live stream, but when you can get people actually at the show and experience it, they're like, whoa, man, like that was that was crazy. Like they really, really enjoy it. It's so different than everything else, too. You know, it's so different. And then, of course, you get sucked in and you have your favorites. Oh my god, no way, how did this guy not win, right? So it gets everybody going, but I feel like, yeah, the more, you know, mainstream sponsors and everything that we can start to do, which, you know, we've been working on and we're going to keep going at, but yeah, that's, that's the goal because then we can turn this thing into a monster for everybody. Yeah. So if you guys know anybody a dodge forward in any of those places and, you know, muscle cars, you got muscle on stage, they go hand in hand. That any industry goes hand in hand with this. I mean, I think I think also what's great about our whole entire industry is that pretty brand loyal to everybody, that that is giving back to the sport and supports. I think it's much different than when you go to, you know, a lot of different sporting events, whatever it is. And okay, yeah, there, of course, the sponsors are there, their sponsors are whatever else, but this industry definitely supports more of the people that are giving back. I think that's a 100 percent true about body-building. It's not true about too many industries and too many even sports segments, but for ours, it's a 100 percent true. Yeah, I mean, look at this week. I should say those weekend. It was the weekend of the Olympia. You had two people that were legendary that retired on stage. Yeah. Right. We had Sid, who won her eighth and then we had Seabam, who won sixth and basically said, you know, I'm done, but there's still involved and they still want to be involved. Sid is posting more now after she's retired, then she did before. And it's just one of those things that's so cool because I see the engagement. I see how many people really follow her and how connected she is. And there's so many different projects she's working on and she's used it as such a catapult to so many businesses, her posing business and everything else. Yeah. And obviously, Chris, you know, it's piece for itself. I don't have to even get into that. Yeah. But, you know, it's one of those things where I just feel like it's so connected in both of them are just people that come to mind and they were cream of the crop when it comes to being able to be winners on stage, but being able to be really connected to their audience, also has made them very, very likeable. Yeah. And then obviously, guy like Chris who's got, you know, 20 million plus followers on social, I think so. We're 25 now. But it's one of those things where it really really creates a lot of connectivity. Is there anything you guys are going to change regarding any of the other divisions with posing or any of the other stuff that goes along with it? Like, I know that there was some talk possibly about maybe figure adding in something or maybe a pose or one of those things. Is that anything that you guys have thought of yet or is there still stuff that just comes across in conversation? You know, there's always ideas, but right now for 2025, there's nothing that we're going to change in the other divisions that we have already. Okay. So no new men's muscular, most, you know, muscular physique, no front lats spread. Now. And anything I go do literally, I'm going to tell you a quick story about that. It was crazy because we had C-bum who literally was like, dude, okay, how am I supposed to do this lats spread? And I'm like, well, you do the front one. He's like, no, no, the back one, you know, and I'm just like, oh, shit, I forgot how you don't do the back of that. So getting them to do the open stuff in those couple of weeks and the last week when we were in Prague. And I'm sitting there and just like, okay, what are we going to do for your most muscular? Let's go ahead and let's hit that, you know, crab most muscular. And he's really wide too. So he can do the hands on hip. He can turn around and do some of that stuff. So what do you think about all that? You know, I mean, I thought you saw it from home. Yeah, I thought it was awesome. In fact that he, you know, and just wanted to end where he started and open, right? Which is so crazy because I remember at North Americans, he actually, I mean, he looked amazing. He won his wayclass and then the overall, everybody like loved this physique. But Justin Rodriguez was there. And he was huge. Obviously, he's super heavyweight and he was peeled out of his mind and there was a guy, man, that's just too much muscle. Right? But everybody's like, man, this kid's like so good. Then classic and then get created. And then, of course, he ran with everything else. But I thought it was so cool to see him and open. He's tall, right? With a huge frame. Yeah. Obviously, he filled out a lot from the Olympia. Like I told you, I think I didn't seem in person. But still from what I saw, he looked, he looked a lot better there than he did at the Olympia probably because it was a fight in his body to make weight. Yep. And he got to compete against a guy that was top five. That was, you know, that was just fourth in Martin. And, you know, Martin, I think was sharper at the Olympia. Yeah. But it also, you know, Chris is the greatest class of competitor ever. Of course, he's still just won the Olympia. And even then, I feel like it was in the height difference kind of throws it off when you're looking. But you kind of got to see like, okay, from the front, you really see, look at Martin's quads and that within the leg from the front, right? And the development and the back compared to Chris is. But then you see Chris brought over the the pretty structure and everything from classics. So of course, he's going to catch your eye, especially in certain poses, right? Like the front lads spread. The front lads spread is crazy because of how small his waist is and how wide he is and tall he is. So it's such a like comparing contrast of bodies. And then you saw like a guy that came from a whole different set of criteria coming into their inpution and pushing, you know, a guy that was just fourth at the Olympian, the open. So I don't see that's, that's what makes obviously Chris special to is. I don't know if there's another guy that you would say, oh, he, you know, obviously we're going to have a new champion who ever is going to be next year. Right. I don't think we're going to say like, hey, okay, we have this new guy at the champion and you're going to be like, hey, I want to see him. I think he'll do well against the guy that was top five at the Olympian. I don't think we're going to see that for a while. I mean, if, you know, if ever who knows, but in like in very, you know, soon times, I don't think so. So I think that was crazy. But that was so cool. And then he got the experience and everything with all the fans, of course, that he has, which is ridiculous amount. And all that support. And I thought that was just so awesome. And just divide from the show, just watching him through the live show, I was like, oh, man, that has to be crazy show to be yet. Yeah, I don't know what the live stream with the count was, but the auditorium was power. Oh, I saw the videos thousands. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think there was like two, they did, they maxed it out for both nights, pre-judging it on that for almost just under three thousand five hundred. That sounds about right. Yeah. That sounds about right. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds about right. Yeah. And it was completely sold out. I guess within 10 minutes. When they put it up, that he was going to do it. And yeah, I look at men's classic real quick. What with that now being a throne that is basically empty, Mike looked great. And he looked great. I don't think he peaked, right. And when you look at this lineup, who do you feel could possibly out of the current crew of athletes up there that could possibly do a multiple Olympia winning run? Wow, that's a good question. Right now, I would say, there's no way you could say any of them. Because Mike improved drastically. I mean, actually, like I said, Chris looked much different at progged than he did at the Olympia. Yeah. His body's not fighting to make weight and everything else. Probably a bunch of nerves and everything else. Like in his head thinking about being done and retiring, Mike was at his absolute best actually in my opinion, but also in many other people's been in one some poses from Chris, which is the first time that happens since Chris lost, which was a completely different Chris, right? Now he's physique is amazing. He was able to lose poses to somebody else, which I thought was didn't think it was going to happen, right? Coming into the show. I thought it was just going to be probably what it's been, you know, the past couple years. Sure. Mike, now as to show, hey, he can get in that condition every time. His body's going to stay the same. If not improved, he's actually under the weight limit from what I know. So, you know, not that he needs to grow so much, but he still has room to improve and everything else, even without the weight limit hampering him too much. Then you got hers who, from what I know, is going to take the whole year off, which he loves to compete. He's going to take the whole year off and still improve, especially in the arms and the back, the two areas that he needs to. Right. But he looked like from the Arnold and Arnold UK, it completely a different guy. Yep. On the Olympia stage, he's a guy who's structure is more like Chris is, right? He's a little bit taller. He's more of a star, like Chris. Mike has a very unique structure where his waist isn't the smallest, but it's still small, but his shoulders are so broad. Yep. And then you have Ramon who he might not have the wideest structure and the widest taper. But he didn't peak rate. If you saw, again, with his posing, it's not always the best. And then also, like his back was improving so, so much. And like there was like, I remember people like he posted some posing video. Everybody's texting me the video, right? Especially him in the back double. Like it flexes Jim. And I'm like, oh, okay, this this guy might might come in and bring it together. Yeah, and he might be better than what he was the year before. And I'm like, oh, maybe he's going to be the one to push Chris. But then it didn't it didn't come together for him. But to ever look like that in general, right? It was in opposing rooms. The video's not edited or anything. To ever look like that, you know he has that potential. Right. And it's like, hey, if this guy can put everything together, get everything straight. That's a guy that can that can come in and all, even though he was just fourth, he can jump everybody. Sure. You got a guy, okay, that won the Arnold, right? He didn't bring his best physique Wesley to the Olympia. He dropped all the way down to eighth, which again shows you classic is no joke. It is so, so deep. It's the deepest. It in my opinion, it is the deepest division by far in the proly. I agree. I think because the guy that's, okay, go look at go look at who's in 15th place. You're not going to tell me that's an impressive physique. No, they're all really really good. Go look at like a guy. I said a guy in the fourth call out. When they come out at pro shows, normal pro shows that obviously aren't stacked with every single person that's the best in the world, they come out and they're in the first call and it's like two fourth fifth call all guys. People at the show are like holy crap. These guys look amazing. They're really good. Right? And yes, of course, there's a difference between them and the top guys, but it's like by themselves, it's like there are people are like, whoa, whoa, this, you know, it's every division isn't exactly like that. Classic is. So there's guys. I mean, you know, Breon's been around forever. Somehow improving still at his age. If he stays in Classic, young kid from Spain was in six that Jose, he's like 22 or 23. Really young. You know, Michael DeBull is always in their westlies in there. Going back to westly, what did you see the most difference between him winning the Arnold and being, I think his legs downsized for sure. Instead of obviously his hamstrings and glutes or things he needed to bring up a hundred percent. Right. And instead, not only did he not bring those up, but even his leg with and I feel like just the look of his quads were also down. So I feel like his leg just as a general were down. He was in good condition, but his back didn't have that same depth and pop and 3D look to it, which when when he's on his back is very, his back double is very, very strong pose. Especially because he's great arms and shoulders and everything else. For him, it's more about bringing that lower body in and making sure he's peaked right. I mean, he's a threat still. I mean, it doesn't matter that he just took a he beat her. He beat, uh, he beat Ramon, right? He beat a lot of these guys at the Arnold. Right. So that was just to the beginning of the year. It shows you like if everything is not perfect, you can be anywhere like in Classic. And like the rest of the top 10, if you go down, there was a kid from Brazil in ninth. His structure is amazing. He needs more chest and more back. But I didn't even know this. I judge him at the Texas Pro. He ended up in a close second because his conditioning wasn't totally on and everything else. But I judged him at the amateur Olympia Brazil one year before, which was the weekend before the 2023 Olympia, he won the overall there. I had no clue. Dude, dude, looked like a different person in one year. So I'm excited to see like what gains he makes. And then Matt Grego was in 10th. Yeah. He basically doubled in size and looked like a pretty different guy from the year before to two last year. So that was the top 10. He's one of those top 10 guys. If you took everybody else out and you just put them like looking at their pictures, I feel like people would be like, wow, that's like a physique. Oh, if you told me that was the Mr. Olympia for this category, I could believe you. Right. Like it's not like that in every category, not at all. So it's like classic. I feel like there's no guy I would say that, oh yeah, that guy's probably going to make them all to your run. I think, no, these guys are very, very close to each other. Right. And if someone's able to do that out of this crop, they definitely will be showing crazy crazy improvement every year. It will be something that's very hard to do. It could be done for sure. But like right now, I just think the excitement of these guys are improving and they're improving at a rapid rate. Right. So you can't really afford to stay the same and feel like you're going to keep your place and you're getting better. Absolutely. And I think you're right. And I think that it's growing because of the fact that these people, it's so close between them. And you have these crazy fans that are just like, I like Wesley or I like Ramon or I like Chris or I like Irrs. I mean Irrs is kind of huge following. Yeah. I mean the guy. And it's just like you see all these guys. And I think Mike's really going to catch legs after his placing and this is going to build momentum. I don't know if any of these guys are doing the Arnold, but that's going to be interesting. And then also, are you going to, you say you do have classic classic would be a pit burger, the prize money. We didn't announce again and what it's going to be because it's not settled 100%, but it's going to be raised. It's going to be significant, you know, significant raising prize money from what a normal show isn't even from what we did last year when we gave about 10,000 for the winner. So it's going up from the 10k. Yes. Yeah. 100%. Okay. Yeah. So we'll see, you know, because we're still working on a lot of stuff behind the scenes for the show. But yeah, no, I'm excited because I know we're going to get some of those, those top classic guys too. Absolutely. What's crazy is a bunch of guys I just named that made the top 10, one and the top 10 that you're before too. So it's like, there's new guys, there's guys that were last call out, second of last call out to the Olympia, there's guys that didn't even make the Olympia, they're coming in and like, you know, get on stage and you're like, where did this guy come from? And they're from all over the world. So now I'm excited. I know we're going to get, we're going to have like a good life. That's why every lineup at the Pittsburgh, I'm excited about because I know it's going to be, we're going to see some of those top level competitors and we're going to see some new people that people didn't even know about. And now they're stepping up next to really, really quality physics and athletes with track records and having who knows beat some stands next to them will truly good. And that just again, throws the sport, throws their, throws their brand and throws the excitement for the division. Absolutely. And one of the other divisions I just want to just touch on too is men's physique. Did you see a difference with the weight caps now? 100% Okay. 100%. The look, again, we've kind of got it standardized, right? Where we don't want that huge look with the huge shoulders and the arms overpowering the torso, right? Everything should be in balance with each other. Having the balance with the board shorts, you know, being a little bit above the knee and being tighter with the leg development, right? We saw more leg development on everybody, but we're seeing more of that balance between the upper and the lower body and the weight caps are holding the weight. So I think that's helping with the size, right? A lot, the judging, I feel like we did a good job with judging to make sure, because some guys are, you know, everything's different with physique's, the weight of their balance, how they carry their weight, everything else. So you can have a guy that still has its way too big of an upper body and makes weight. So the judging needs to be on point for that, but the weight limits with the heights, definitely. That's actually really interesting. I want to stop you there. So you're still taking consideration even if they're making weight, if they look too big for the class. 100%. Okay. Yeah, 100%. And I think that's why the look has been much better. And because of this, like everybody's like, oh, well, you put the weight limit on the amateurs. I said, no, because at this point, if you're weighing yourself and your whole goal has become a pro, you know what the pro weights are. So if you're already over the weight, even if you get a pro card and you sculpted yourself from men's physique, that's not, that's not cutting it for classics, everything's over. So really on the amateurs side, I feel like the look and everything has been much better. And actually the participation in men's physique was very, very good this year. So I'm very happy with the direction that went, what the heights and the weights did and what they're doing. And I feel like, again, that's very, very good because again, Ryan is extremely impressive. I think all the guys at the top are extremely impressive. But it's not what people thought men's physique was getting to with being too big and almost like body builders and classic guys in the board, or it's not that. Definitely not that these guys at the top are very aesthetic, you know, very balanced and just overall very good look for the division. When are we going to get to the heights and the weights where we don't have to check in so often? I know that you're going to work on something. So it's already up. Once you get heighted three times, it's locked. Okay. So there's now a bunch of guys that have their heights locked. I don't need heighted anymore. They know what their height is. So they just need to be on their weight. Does it matter which show they get heighted and weighted? No. Okay. We did three because that way, if there's any discrepancy, first we're going to see it. Okay. So if there was like, oh, you got measured at 5, 8, 5, 8 and then one show 5, 9 and a half. Well, that's not getting locked in. The 5, 9 and a half skin thrown out. Okay. So better be something that's close to the other two measurements. And then if it's, let's say it was 5, 7 and 7, 8, 8, 8 and a quarter and 5, 8 and a quarter, you're going to end up getting locked in right over 5, 8 because it's the average of three things. So that that way is fair. Because what happens is, if you're not too careful on everything else of the check-ins, they want to stand on their tiptoes a little. They want to do this. They want to do that. They want to do anything to get into that next height class. That's why we won three because if they get away with it from somewhere, we're going to see a no or if there's just a little bit of a thing. Hey, we're taking the average and that's it. So just in case something slips through on one show, it doesn't get locked in. It's got to be three. Yes. And then you go ahead and take the average. And even after three, we've taken away a height from people before two and made and said, oh, they're going to go to another show. They're going to get heighted because something was off. So it's like, we had to do that for very, very few, but just a couple. Wait a second. What's going on here? That's on the back end and stuff that we do. So they're wearing like three pairs of socks. You're not supposed to have the socks on one because people put, we found people put and stuff on their heel in the socks. Right. And she says, that's why you got to take your socks off. And yeah, people try to get by with anything, but we're very, very strict on that. So yeah. Okay. So now when you do that, then they're locked in and then they're ready to go. You do the three. And then you don't have to go out and try to get heighted in by the Olympian next year if you're already locked in. Exactly. Got you. Got you. Awesome. So I mean, a lot of really cool changes, lots of amazing shows coming up, a ton of new money coming into the industry. Yep. And you're going out there and reallocating it. So kudos to you and the whole NPC, IFBB Pro League. And I'm definitely looking forward to be able to see all of these things coming into fruition. This year we have just a day away nationals, which is going to be awesome. Yep. So we're going to see some of the best amateur physics in the country to be able to do that. And for those of the people that are listening because we have a lot of international listeners to they don't know the rules between USAs and nationals. What are the rules 100% if you can just give a quick update on how what you have to be green carvers is citizen to compete at the nationals versus North American. If we can give a quick brief update on how what you have to be green carvers is citizen to compete at the nationals versus North American. If we can give a quick brief update on how you can do that. So it's all about we kind of took away like the green car, all this kind of other stuff because there's like you're dealing with things that are out of your control. If you are residing now this is worldwide. The country you reside in is where you you're allowed, that's where your country of residents is going to be. Okay. So in the US you want to compete at junior USAs, junior nationals, the universe, masters nationals, North Americans, masters USAs, and nationals. You need to be a resident of the US in for at least four months. And if that's the case you're going to have to send in proof whether it's a rent contract or bill contract or whatever else. Because if you try to circumvent the system and say you're from the US trust me, everybody's going to know people, everybody tells on each other. You'd be not actually probably not be surprised if they amount of people that tell another people that say hey they're trying to skirt around the rules. So and if that happens and you would somehow get a pro car that pro car you're going to take it away from you because you didn't fall the rules. So you need to have resided in the US for at least four months, right? That shows you're actually living here. Okay. And you can do all those shows. Now North Americans, you can be from Canada or Mexico as well and go to North Americans. And then the amateur Arnold and the amateur Olympia, you can be a athlete from anywhere in the world. Okay. But if you have a regional qualification for your country, you would have to have fulfilled that and compete in an original that year before going to those shows. So the Arnold actually because it's at the beginning you would have to do it in 2024 for an extra you would have to compete in this year. If not, if you didn't compete in 2024 you can't go to the amateur Arnold. Amateur Olympia, you have all of 2025 to compete in a regional in your country. If you have that, if you're in a country that doesn't require regional qualification then you can just come in and you can do those shows. Awesome. Because in the past it would you were supposed to have either a citizenship or a green card or whatever kind of former document you have. But that stuff there's we had too many people that have been in the states for years upon years and years and they didn't have. They don't have the green card or whatever. Yeah and it's just like hey they live here. Why would we say hey you got to go back to the country that you were from originally or came from that you haven't been to potentially in years. When did that change? We've kind of changed over the last two years. Okay, it's very new because again I used to have to deal with that all the time when I was dealing with an I was coaching with amateurs and doing the USA as the nationals. It was like in people would call me and I'm like nope you got to be a citizen or you got to have a green card. Yeah. And that was it. But now in the last two years that's changed. So again guys, if you've been a resident for more than four months you can do those shows as long as you're qualified to do the shows. Yeah. So that means you still have to qualify. But you can if you do qualify you can do the USA the nationals team you any of the ones that Tyler mentioned. You can do it as long as you've had at least four months of USA residency. Correct. Okay awesome. So again man that's awesome. Thank you so much for sharing all of this. I know I'm so excited about the new division. You know it's awesome and looking forward to doing more and being able to really share the journey as you've been doing with all those videos because you've been doing a great job with the breakdowns. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I mean again that's like I said before when we were talking that's for the fans of the sport to understand what we're looking at everything that's going on. I think you know in certain certain areas in certain countries they can see that more. Certain areas in certain countries they could care less. They just want their guy or their girl their girl to win and we were wrong no matter what. Yeah. But I feel like again that that helps with getting people interested in the sport because they're actually knowing and getting it broken down for them of what we're looking at and why things happen. So they can follow along better and they're going to enjoy the sport better. Yeah and they said if you ever need a backup Cameron wanted to let you know he can definitely go on and do the backup for you in the breakdown. Yeah, oh no trust me I know he can. I know he can. He's he honestly he could be a great judge already and he's 11 years old. I mean it's crazy. He was going back before the Sandy last night. I mean it's one of those things where he'll turn around and challenge you and break it down and do all the things that like you used to work. But what do you say and make sense too that's like the most impressive thing. It's like no you have an argument or what like you know like you're saying stuff that if someone came to him and asked for feedback he's given very credible feedback and like tangible of what they could do it's like wow okay 11 years old there you go. Yeah yeah at some point we're going to try to get him a chest judge and see how he does he can't see how he does. He can't do pretty good actually. He does against all the rest of the judges are there right now. But again there's a lot of really cool stuff going on. Finish up with workshops. Any workshops that you're going to be at for Q1 2025 right now that we can also mention. I didn't decide actually. After 2024 and as I haven't made any schedule or anything else like for myself yeah yeah. Okay so there's plenty of workshops out there every single state. I mean even internationally but especially every single state we're going to have workshops you know in the beginning months of the year that I think are very valuable to attend. You know even if you're completely new beginner or you're you know you were pros or whatever else they're all valuable to attend because you're going to hear things and pick up things that they're only going to help you and making more comfortable whenever you decide you want to compete. Yeah I remember when Sandy started kind of that trend a while back and it's been going really really well Steve's doing them at his gym. They're amazing I see the photos. I really want to attend actually out there because I've seen so many of them and I haven't gone for so long and I want to be able to go out there I think the last time I was out there I was with Chris and it's just a different vibe but being able to do these and being a part of them I really enjoy them. So if you have the ability go to these because they have so much information on many of them are free. Some sometimes there's a little bit of a fee depending on kind of where it's at or what it's a part of but most of the time it's the time it's free yeah there are some fee it's probably just the cover whatever expenses it costs the set up but yeah basically most of them are free and they're very very valuable you know to go to. Yeah yeah and then remember if you're going to be out in the New York area Pittsburgh area the Pittsburgh Pro is a second week of May and then we have the New York Pro right behind it so that's going to be a really really cool time because there's something that has the inaugural expo and all of the other things are going along with it. Brother thank you so much man I know you're super busy during this time I appreciate you coming out here and being able to do this. No problem honey told me we'll talk for 15 minutes it's definitely been way way more than 15 minutes like maybe next year 5 or 10 minutes yeah yeah yeah thank you so much. No thank you for having me I appreciate it. Honey Rambad Tyler Manion and that's the truth.