Welcome to the TruthPodcast. I'm your host, Honey Rambad. And I'm here to talk to you about some of the questions I've been getting all of our social media. I just recently did a trip to India. Got together with hers. And it was awesome. Tell you a little bit about the trip. Went out there. Did the IHFF Expo in Mumbai at the Bombay Center. Yeah, convention center flew in again, really quick turnaround. I flew in one day, had three days in a row. And that night on the third day came back. But not to take away anything from the event. But I was really just about the people. I've always, and everybody asks me, they go, why are you so stoked to go to India? It's so tough. It's so rough because of the fact that you got to worry about what you eat or what you drink and everything else. But for me, yes you do. This is a situation in other countries, not every country, can you turn around and drink tap water or do anything like that? You can like you can here in the States. And even in some cities in the States, you shouldn't be drinking tap water. But in all honesty, the passion of the people in India is absolutely next level. And they came out and drove and had a line the whole entire time. And Irz and his girlfriend are a pleasure because they were there as well. But we were probably the only ones. They were the only ones from Europe. I was the only one from North America. And everybody else that was there were influencers, fitness influencers that were from India. And me and Irz got to hang out. We got to grab some food together. But we also got to work out together. So if you missed that and even under a rock, it's up. And we were able to show a back workout with Irz. And it was great. Definitely want to get him out to my gym here because he said that he wanted to try out some of the equipment, the panodic equipment here. Love to be able to put him through a workout here. And the cool thing about it is that I can do that. And many people think that they're like, wait a minute. I thought you were tired. Guys, this has nothing to do with my coaching. This has to do with just training people. And I never said I'm going to stop training people. I just said that the elite Olympia coaching in what's involved. And again, many you don't know what's involved with that. And I'm going to touch on it a little bit. The constant updates that I require from my athletes is daily updates. I need your weight. The last time they'll send me pictures, sometimes even twice a day, as we get closer to the show. And so I'm constantly on. And that means that it's really hard for me to be present. During the summer, going into an October prep, all of that time, I really want to spend time with my family, my son, who's now 11 years old, he's going to be 12 coming up. I want to be able to do that. And lots of times, I'm constantly thinking in the back hands like a hum. I call it like a wardrobe that's going on during prep. But during workouts, I never said I'm going to stop training people. I just said, during the, I can't do that high level Olympia prep because I shut everything off. I shut off so many parts of my family, parts of my business, everything. Because I'm trying to stay super focused. And I've been doing it for over 30 years. And now the evolution of that is being able to work with many more people and getting in the gym, helping them, breaking down body parts, workouts, just even diet supplements, talking about supplements, talking about philosophies that I have, and a much more open audience. Because I'm not trying to just focus on three people trying to win the Olympia, like I was in the past. So now with this evolution to my coaching, it's going to be information like this that I'm going to be able to share with you. It's going to trade show and working with anybody that wants to be able to get together. If I've got the time and we can schedule it, be like, hey, you know, or you want to get together and do a workout grade. If somebody else wants to get together and do a workout, awesome. And I want to be able to do more of those. I really had a good time working with Sean Clarita. We got some workouts in together last year. And it was great. Because I just love being able to work with different bodies. I mean, obviously, I've coached Jeremy and Men's physique. I've coached Chris and Classic. I've trained two 12 guys like Derek when he won the two 12, but 202 with Kevin English. I've worked with many, many Olympia open winners. But also, I just like different varying bodies. Even if they're not elite Olympia level and being able to do that for an hour and a half, two hours in the gym. And then turning it off is what I'm looking to do. And that's the evolution of me as a coach. Is being able to give the information help somebody out, shoot it so that I can share it with you all, and then be able to move on. But with my particular style of coaching, I want to have as much control over every single aspect of a bodybuilders program. So are they making sure timing is done? Are they making sure that they're getting enough sodium? They're not doing too much sodium? Are they doing the right foods? They're not doing too much process crap? Are they making sure that they're taking in? Everything else that's going to help their wellness? All of these things I hyper focus on, because your only as strong as the weakest link in the chain. So that's how I think, and that's what's got me to wear a mat. And I have no in-between. So therefore, that's why I really like going into what I'm doing now and being able to get together with hers, doesn't mean I'm coaching hers. It means that I can turn around and share information and give different perspective in a two-hour training session, and I really, really enjoy it. So again, for all those that are like, are you in retirement? Are you out of retirement? I want to give a little better understanding to you all on where I sit in this quote-unquote retirement phase. It's really an evolution phase of how I want to be able to share information with more athletes, with more of you on social, and with more of you on all my platforms. I can be able to create more programs on my FST7 app. I'm doing more formulations for Evegen. I'm doing able to do more meat and grease around the world, because that space in my head where I have to hyper focus is now been freed up. And I can add in much more creative into that. And I can be able to create different scenarios where I can share with the audience. I've got four or five million between all of my platforms. I think we're about to hit a million on YouTube. I got 2.8 million on Instagram, another million and a half on TikTok. I mean, it's a lot of different people around the world that I like to share information with, as well as building up my app. So all of these things have are happening. And then I'm also, again, going to be doing coaching. And I'm going to be building my team on that. So that is coming up. A lot of people are asking me, when I'm going to be able to do coaching, well, that is something that is a process. Again, everyone who knows me knows that I do not like to rush these types of plans. I don't like to rush my formulations. I do not like to rush any aspect of anything I do. So measure twice, cut once, and this is what it's all about. So again, so this was an amazing trip. I was able to get together with hers who's one of the best up there right now. And this also leads me to some questions that were on my YouTube and saying, where do I think he's going to place? Can he win the Olympia? Absolutely, he can win the Olympia. But I also believe that it is wide open right now. With Chris now retiring, the classic physique division is wide open. And I feel like there's going to need to be Mike Errz. I mean, even Wesley has to see if he can be able to re-establish himself in the top three, because he hasn't been able to do that at the Olympia stage yet. He's won the Arnold Classic. But I think he needs to do a little bit of tweaking to be able to replicate what that success look like on the Arnold Classic stage, on the Olympia stage. And there's a lot of pressure. And people don't talk about the pressure enough. So I'm going to go ahead and share with you a little bit about what that feels like. When you have success, now you have expectations. So that pressure tends to build exponentially. So even good old Derek Lundsford, one, champ champ, one, two, 12, turns around, and he wins the open. So much pressure. And people don't realize how much that affects you. Again, if anybody here who's listening to this or I was watching this on YouTube or listening to it through one of the different platforms on the podcast stations, you're going to know how difficult it was if you ever competed before. Even if you've done a boat of shooting, you try to peek for a boat of shoot, how difficult that is. But even competing, because you're so fixated on that one moment. And if you turn around and you add in the fact that millions of people are watching your journey, millions of people are expected to need it, always be at your best. And now you turn around and be able to do that. You have a guy like Derek Lundsford who had been fourth place when I met him. Our first show together, he wins two, 12. Our second show together. He wins, I should say he takes second in the open Olympia. His third show together with me wins the open Olympia. And then going into his fourth show together, pressure, tons of pressure. So what happens is he pulls the top three finish. Was he at his best? No. But I feel like him even going into the Arnold now. I think there's a lot of pressure. It's off of him, because the expectation is now our lower and he can reset. And that makes a huge difference on how your physique is going to look when you get up on that stage. So my point being, when you have that pressure the night before and you don't sleep, it affects how you look. If you are going from meal to meal and you're stressing about your exact minute, you're trying to peek in the back of your head, that affects how you look. If you're constantly just worried, because you just have so much expectation from all your friends or family but again, being Mr. Olympia, that's going to affect how you look. That pressure is real. And so when someone like Wesley Visor, who had crazy expectation going into the Mr. Olympia competition after winning the Arnold, that's also, I'm sure I'll lot to do with it. So when you look at it, there is a human aspect that you cannot turn around and make into a, hey, let me just put a program together and say, AB will equal C. You do have to deal with that pressure. So now I believe that with both of them, great examples, are the pressures off and they can reset. But I do feel like people have to take that in consideration. But going back into the Arnold classic thoughts, because I do want to be able to mention some things about the Arnold classic as well, you're going to have a good line up because now Derek is doing the show. So I feel like it's going to be even more competitive, not that it wasn't. But I do feel you have a prior Olympia winner, David Lunsford, who's going to go in there with less pressure. So I feel that's going to make a huge difference. So, and again, people are going to ask me, what about his coach? Do you know, obviously I know who he's working with? I know behind the scenes everything that's going on in regards to his mindset and his pressure and all of those things are just tremendously so that he can be able to focus wholeheartedly on the prep. And I think that's going to make a huge, huge difference. But so I do not think it's going to be a runaway show for Samson Dauta. But I do think that you have him, you have Andrew Jack, you have so many really, really good athletes that are going in there to be able to really chop it up with Samson. But I do think it's one of those things where people have to take these things in consideration. So again, whether it's Wesley with the Olympia this year versus the Arnold last year, or they should say, the difference with that, was it pressure, was there something that was going on? I don't know the specifics on it. Actually, wouldn't be bad. We should probably get Wesley on here. I'd love to have him on here. So if anybody knows Wesley, let me know. Let him know that we'd love to have him on here, because I'd love to do a Q&A with him. And see how his mindset was between the two. And it's one of those things where we should definitely think about all those other things that go along with having to prep. But the evolution of my coaching bringing it back to that is that it's an evolution. I'm not retiring from coaching everybody. I'm just not working on Olympia level athletes to that level. And I still open doors for hotly, Derek, all of those things absolutely. They can come in, train whenever. It's going to be an evolution to that. Obviously, hotly has a language barrier issue that we're going to have to make sure that he has everything taken care of with his visa, with just so many different things. But I'm very considerable that. But just being able to not have to worry even right now. And I know Derek is in good hands. I can turn around and be able to give so much more compared to my prior years. So again, I'm looking forward to being able to give you guys way, way more content, being able to do many, many more things that I wasn't able to do, because I just have a huge amount of weight off of my shoulders. Because again, that weight, and that pressure, just like the athletes get, I've had build up with now 25 Olympia wins. Then it's 26, 27 at some point, like, well, what are you trying to get? 30. I mean, now it's about just really being able to give those pieces of information back to the people that help me get to where I'm at, and that's all of you. So again, I thank you for your support, for EVGEN. I thank you for the support, for those that are on my FSC7 app. And those that just really have been given me such huge amounts of positive reinforcement and with his toughest decision in my life, which is to quit elite level coaching. So again, when you say elite, it's the Olympia guys that I need to turn off the word drum. But for now, I mean, you never know what's going to happen later either, because maybe in several years from now, things might change, because Cameron gets older and all that. But right now, this opportunity for me to be able to bond with my son and constantly being present with him and being able to rewire my brain and reestablish my relationship with him as he's like a pre-teen and being able to have fun with him, without having to check my phone for a response to my text and a new picture from one of the athletes and making sure to create a solution for every single possible problem is something I don't have to worry about right now. So again, I love you all. I appreciate you all. And hopefully that answers your questions regarding what I'm doing with myself and being a coach.