Welcome to the Truth podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and I am happy to announce that we just got out of the gym with none other than Mr. Miracle Bear himself. We have me here in the studio. Ears Kalachinski. Yes. Would you like to be like that? Perfectly pronounced, bro. Happy to be here. Yes. Welcome to Dallas. Yeah. Welcome to Texas. Wow. I'm a frequent listener to your podcast. So, I'm outing me as a little fanboy of it. And I always push you, right? Every time you call me, I'm like, you need to get up more podcasts. Yes. Yeah, super cool. And also the Q&A is in everything. Because of 30 years of knowledge you have from bodybuilding, it's great to watch, to hear it and to learn. You know, when I go outside for a walk, put on the podcasts. So, best regards to everybody who will listen it outside. All the cardio buddies out there who are listening to this. Yeah. It was really good because Ears and I got to meet formally and got to spend time together at the India show. That was crazy, right? We were the only ones from the West that were there. It was a couple days before Christmas. And many of you watched the video. We did a back video together. Yeah. And I was trying to educate him and Alisha, his girlfriend, about what are to eat and what to eat. Just stay off a Delhi Valley, right? We got some Indian pizza. Yeah. Yeah. We found it in restaurant, it's in our hotel. And it was awesome. It was actually pretty good. Yeah. It was a little insider. But yeah, before that, we just, I saw you, of course, ten years ago with all the videos we did with Andrew, we filled with Jay. I've always got this guy and I looked up to it. Of course, we did some arms yesterday and I told you, I had this, your arm routine, you put up with Andrew, I think. Well, Andre. Andre, sorry. Andre, Andre, Andre, you, I did it for three years or something. So I knew you worked exactly and that I saw you at the Olympia. And we said hello and had a little small talk. But then in India, we really met each other. And that was a great time. And it was super cool for you guys out there. I mean, it was two or three days before Christmas. And we both thought, like, yeah, let's go over to India. And that was crazy because also to get a perspective, you know, the back video we shoot was like, middle in the night in the middle of nowhere. And the middle of nowhere, that was a 45 minute drive from the venue through there. And then we trained and after that, it was a pretty good workout to be honest. As you guys saw, but we both were tired as fuck. And then I told you, like, yeah, I need to come to Texas to stay there and bring some time with me. To really get a whole workout in and a whole day of chilling, eating with some great Texas barbecue last night. It was amazing. And yeah, just spend some time together. Because I think honestly, I'm one of the few pro athletes or limp athletes. They are traveling very frequently, you know. If you see my socials and everything, I probably train with every legend out there. You know, with Jay, with all those guys, with Dorian. And I'm always trying to learn from everybody, you know. Yeah, and you are a purist. I feel like you have that passion, that old school passion. You know, you follow bodybuilding, you study it, you break it apart, you put it back together. You're a person who I realize just from spending some time with you that you are a huge fan. And I've, in a really good way, in a way that, like I said, I call those types of fans a purist. Because you are not only walking the walk, but you're talking the talk and going back and forth about appreciating all the people. Before you. Yeah. And not having a chip on your shoulder, but literally enjoying going through a hard workout, enjoying traveling, enjoying doing what you love. 100% I mean, that's what I dream for last 13 years, you know, making this whole thing as my living. Getting to opportunity to train with all those guys out there with you. Wait a minute, you said 13 years? Yeah. Okay, you're 12. You started with 13. You started with your 13. Yeah. But when did you, you're 26 now? And when did you start making a living doing this? Four years ago. Four years ago. Yeah. Okay. So again, he didn't make his living. He started bodybuilding working out. Yeah. I mean, it's all like big passion, you know, it's my, like I said, also to my girlfriend. When she came into my life, 2000, it's Wendy. I think the mic is off. No. I can hear myself. Yeah. We just had a technical malfunction because hers just almost broke our equipment here with his big legs. Makes a big. But you were saying, so when you were in this, starting at 13, did you end up knowing that you always wanted to be a provotable? No, never. I mean, I'm coming from by a, the smallest village in Germany, you know, there are more cowards than people I always say, because bodybuilding is. I mean, in Germany now it gets really popular, but a few years ago, a 10 years ago, it was a subculture. And we didn't had a lot of gyms there. My oldest brother, he was a gymnast. And he brought me to all this. He took you to the gym for the first time? Yeah, because we've 12, 13 years old. How old was he? He was 13 years old. Four years old on the mean. Got you. And he looked and said, you know, shred it like a gymnast body. He had some girls and everything. And I was like growing up with 13, you start like, okay girls, I'm pretty cool. And how do I get this? Yeah, I need to look good. That's definitely not the right way to get some girls, but that was my first motivation. That's where a lot of movie. A lot of people think that why do you think it's not the right way to get girls? Bro, because I don't think a huge body going to end up following some girls to you. So, so you're saying that I had more boys around me asking what my bench is. Then I had girls when I ended up. I think that I think the same for a lot of like, if you went under looking at all the C-bumb fans, you're way more guys than your girls, right? I think Chris told me he had like 5% email followers. 25 million email. Yeah, 95% of it is man. So let me ask you this. Do you think it's because you're also getting to that point where you're so muscular? Do you think if you're smaller and you're men's physique, it would be more different? Yeah, maybe because it's more attainable and maybe not as intimidating. Yeah. And I mean, to be honest for like one night's stance or something, that's pretty cool. But then most of the people out there don't realize how much work it is to get a body like this. Yeah. First, when I met my girlfriend Alicia, she's not in the bodybuilding scene at all. Now she started to train a few days a week. You know her as well. Yes. Before that, she didn't knew me and then we came together. And then she wasn't like, what the fuck how much work is this? I mean, get up every day, do your cow, go to the gym, eat your meals, be on your schedule. Every day for like seven days a week, the whole year. And I think, so how do you mean her? At a nightclub. Okay. So in her personal gym time, yeah, it was like after my, my prep I did. And I had some time off, you know, when I have my time off, I go outside. Yeah, go to party a little bit, but you still go out. Only in that time. Do you still go out now? Yeah, but after the Olympic, you know, right. Or you mean like during the times where you have your like breaks up. Yeah, not even my off season. I take my off season also very serious, but the time after the competition, like the recovery face as you, as you might say to it, that those eight, ten, twelve, which weeks where you don't need to train that hard, like don't need to sleep on. Are you like an visa guy? Do you get a visa every year? Every year. Every year. Like pound the fist in the air. Yeah, it's cool. But the older I get the less I go out, I would say. Maybe also because of the, the whole like social media thing and all this people. I see on all the exports and everywhere I go. I'm getting a little bit social, social distancing in it. And don't want to go out too much anymore. I would say. Because you like because you get jammed up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You get that in the gym a lot now, too. Even in Europe, right? Because everybody's right. Yeah, that's that's pretty crazy. I mean, on one side it's cool, but at the other side, when you're like a professional soccer player. Yeah. No, it comes to you. No, no, there is access to you. No possibility to go on the soccer field and like play with them. Right. And in the gym or in body building, that's the only spot where all people train together. What is really cool? But when you're on prep and you really need to focus and dial in. Yeah, it's hard to do. But yeah. Going back in time when I started, like you mentioned my passion for body building in the old school way. I like to approach things. That pretty much comes from the gym I started. Or like the people I had with me, like old body builders, like told me some things. And I always love the way to do like the old school way. You know, I mean, I'm pretty young. I'm 26. I started super early. Yeah. So I'm like from from the 90s area, like growing up body building kind of thing. So like the Marcus rules and yeah, so you grew up because of the fact that he's German. Yeah, looking up into you know, looking up to him. Yeah, and now he's like a mentor of mine and he gets me tips and like all those guys from the 80s and 90s. What's the best tip that Marcus role gave you? Yeah, he got phenomenal tips. But more like not body building related tips, more on the business side. Okay. Because he went through all this, you know, and I don't have a lot of people in Germany, like professionals. We only have like Marcus who's and Ronnie Rockle who lives in Germany. But Marcus really made a career and I always looked up to him for that, you know, beside the stage. And also like getting good sponsors and everything and I always went up a question about that. And there was a funny story. I asked him, hey, I got my first money from from competing. What should I do? How can I bring this back to Germany? And there was back then there was a checker. You go there, pay like 10% fee and then you get your cash money. And I don't know if I can say it, but anyways, it's the truth. And he told me, role, just get some watches and some diamonds for your girl and take it home. And nowadays you can't do that anymore. But even back then, though, you need a bank loan. You have to remember that's if it's over 10,000. That's kind of like they say. But when you were competing then, I mean, especially in classic, what shows besides the Olympia, right? It was the Olympia. No, that's where I must go. Oh, that's the 30K. Not from that. Now that now they make you wire the money. So now that it's all of it, so you can't really do that. And you pay 50% takes this end of transition from Thona to Euro. And you have to pay the 50% taxes in Germany, right? Yeah. So yeah, but money never was the reason why I started all this. Nowadays, I see a lot of people also work the influencing in social media. They try to do it to make money. And that's not the right way, in my opinion. I always, I love the sports. Still love it. Like you said, I'm a big fan. Looking forward also to the Arnold classics this weekend. I mean, I'm hyped, even if I'm not competing. So it's going to be great. And just travel also so much and see like people met you and India, you know, that is super cool. And the body one day we don't have it anymore. Yes. But the knowledge, the brain. My last minor long time ago. Okay, it's coming back. It's coming back. It's coming back. That's right. That's right. We come up the tier. It's the comeback. Honey, Rem but it's going to the Master Olympia. Yeah, yeah. When 2038. But yeah. So when you are looking at yourself and you said, I wasn't going to become, this wasn't going to be my job. Right. Was it when did you realize I could actually make a living doing this? Wow. That was super late. I mean 2019. I got my pro car. Okay. I got my pro car. And then. Did you start getting paid sponsorships after that? I get my first contract, but that was super shitty. Yeah. I mean, like everybody says when you're beginning. I mean, yeah, but. Really shitty. But that was that was after you're in pro. Yeah, that was after I turned pro. So you had even turned pro yet. And yeah, you had to go to contract until you're in pro. And yeah, the pro car is not going to change a lot. Because a lot of people think like, well, because there's so many pros. Yeah, there's so many pros. Yeah. Don't count anymore. And then, uh, 2020, one when I got my first Olympia placing my first Olympia to fourth place, then everything started to really explode. And then also, um, yeah, I got Alicia, which my, which is my manager. And she no go, she added to contract. And a good way. She's during the day. She's a manager. Yeah. She's your girlfriend. Yeah. She's really much. She's awesome, by the way, because she actually, what I like about Alicia is the fact that she's got the crazy, crazy, dry German sense of humor. Yeah. But she is very, very serious about business. Yeah. And I feel like you are very, very serious about bodybuilding. Yeah. And normally you don't have, especially a girlfriend. You might end up, luckily, if you end up having a wife that can turn around and do that. And eventually who knows, because I know you guys been together for a while, you know, you know, you're not going to have a relationship with the future, right? We talked about that, you know, but the whole point is though, is having somebody in your corner to be able to help you with that while you're focusing on trying to be the best bodybuilder on the planet, right? You're trying to be the best men's classic physique champion. You've placed third a couple of times. Who was pups though? And I'm a bit, because that's true. Yeah. And it's, and I, and I talked about this in a lot of my podcasts and you've heard to me, you know, it's really important it is to have a partner, you know, whether you're a male athlete with a female, you know, significant other or vice versa, you need to have somebody to support you. Because if you don't, it's like having a business partner that is not seeing eye to eye with you. It's going to destroy your bodybuilding career because they're going to have a lot of negative energy towards what you're doing about eating, training, you have to go to your cardio, every time you have to go to your posing, every time you have to go to a work trip. But when you have somebody to be able to balance that with you, then it helps you grow because you don't have to stress about the other things. You don't focus on what you got to do that day in the gym and get your meals in. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's super sad on the one side to like, need that focus 100% for bodybuilding, what I love the most, because like we said before, we don't have those prize money compared to like soccer or other sports, right, where you get like so much money just out of the competition, you need to build your own brand at the same time. Yes. And to be able to do that, I mean, we all just have 24 hours a day and you know how hard it is to coach and to build up the brand you did. That's insane. And now imagine you need to like get your meals in get, I mean, that's a schedule. I need to sleep during the day. That's why Stefan and I would Stefan for those that don't know Stefan obviously has been your coach for many years. And I are going to compete against each other in the best of the worst. The sea is out there. Did he compete ever by the way? He competed. He was super shredded. He had a bicycle accident and he like torn his whole chest. So he just had one chest on stage. Right. Looked a bit stringy. But he was peeled. So yeah, that was first and last time he went on stage. How many years ago was that? Fifteen. Yeah. In my last show was 25 years ago. Was he on natural? Or was he no? No. Okay. I competed a lifetime drug free. When you see that as well, you know that? No, I didn't know that. I started because nowadays everybody jumps on gear super quick. Yes. I don't like to be honest. And that's why because my oldest brother, once again, on both of my brothers, who went on vacation and I was like, yeah, I need to work. It was 2016. And I said, like, I want to do this bodybuilding thing. You know, I don't know which division should I go, which like, yeah, which competition should I do. And he's like, no, no, no, no. You don't do this. Right stuff. When we're going to catch you with some stuff anywhere, we're going to beat the shit out of you. This is what your brother said. Death series. Yeah. And I was like, oh fuck. And he said, like, if you don't want to win, and it's, I have goosebumps again because that's in my, like, in my head since ever, he said, like, when you don't win anything natural, you're going to win shit when you're going to be enhanced. So maximize your natural ability. And that was so good. I mean, looking back in time that was the best thing I could do, you know, training eight years on a natural way, just trying to perfect my training. And even now, I didn't like perfect it my training. I still getting tips and I still learn. And the more time you spend really natural in my honest opinion, and then after eight, nine years and multiple wins, a natural stage, also the process of, like, getting dry on a natural phase is so good. It's, I mean, you're just to win with that. That was so good. And then 2018, look at that. 2018, I wonder German overall, the German nationals. In 2019, I already turned AFB pro. So I just started to take something with my preparation. Within a year of training pro. Yeah. I mean, I was, I won 2018 natural in 2019, in the beginning of 2019 after the first weeks. Yeah, I won the pro cult and then the AFB. So listen to that, everybody. He turned pro with in a year of jumping on. But why? Like I've been talking about for many, many years. You maximize your genetic potential by being able to get training, nutrition, natural supplementation all dialed in. Then once you've pushed that to the absolute limit, then you should decide whether or not you want to go enhanced. But if you start earlier, it's almost like you're building a building on shaky ground. The foundation is not solid. Yeah. You need to be able to work on building a natural foundation so that it's like a really strong stone so that you can really build as high as possible. Yeah. And when you start too young and too quickly, of course, you're going to blow up 10, 15 pounds. But what happens after that? Yeah. Nothing. Nothing. You need to do so big cycles and you just look worse and worse. That's why I also think a lot of people look better when they're natural. Because what happens is they didn't let your body mature naturally. And then they jump on and they expect the drugs to make them into the next mixture of Olympia. And when they doesn't, it doesn't. Your body ends up going really, really sideways. And it's super set because guys, the first year when you start off training again, 20 pounds natural, you know, that's like solid muscle. And then okay, in a second year you gain like, 7, 8 pounds when it's super good genetic. Don't get me wrong. And then the next year may be four and then two and then okay, okay, you see, okay, now slowly but surely I'm on my on my limit kind of. And then you can think about it, but don't start everything too quickly. That's that's not the right way in my opinion. I mean, all the great athletes when you see your Ronnie, you can tell more about it. Feel all those guys. They look super good natural. I mean insane. Yeah, because you can't make up for bad genetics in a bottle. Right. And genetics is pretty much everything in this. It really is. And it is. And it is especially in bodybuilding. Yeah. But you can make up for bad genetics with hard work, but you still can't make up for it in the bottom of a syringe or a bottom of a violin. It doesn't work. I want to be able to make sure everybody knows that because you cannot. The person who's going to tell you like the otherwise and tell you that it could is going to be probably the guy that's trying to sell you the shit. Yeah. You know, and that's where you're going to end up really risking your health and you're going to regret it long term. Especially with 1819 years old. You don't need this. No, they're starting even sooner. Yeah. Because they go like 16 17. That's super cool. And 1819 was a problem several years ago. Now you're starting to hear about it because everybody talks about trend. Everybody talks about what you know jumping on whatever. Right. And even when you're natural to testosterone, just start to 16 17 really to work exactly. Why are you stopping that process? Yes. Right. And then also it can hinder your actual height. It can also help a big time. But mental. It's going to really. What's going to guarantee. What's going to really fuck you up. It's the mental side because your the receptors in your brain are still developing. Your brain is developing. And when you start throwing in all of these hormones and I don't care if it's peptides, it's hormones any of those things. It really can create a lot of problems. Now on the flip side of that, there's starting to see research that creatine actually helps with mental clarity for men, women, all of these things. Yes. As well as strength and now there's some studies that might show that it actually helps you with your actual growth, possibly even with your height. There's some new things coming out. So again, it's all very new, but they're getting more and more. It's such a research highly researched ingredient, but just. Creatine monohydrate is being shown. So many different positive effects. I'm smiling because back then it was so funny. It started to take my first stop. It was a evening in South. I'm not going to lie. Your first stop ever. Yeah. Literally, your first stop ever. In Switzerland and all my guys from Switzerland, best regards to you. I lived there for one year and I worked as an in a gym. Uh-huh. And I moved from Germany to Switzerland because I knew okay when I do bodybuilding, I need some money on hand and to do that. And in Switzerland, you earn a lot of money. And I lived next to the border to Germany. So it was pretty cool. I could go to the grocery shop in Germany and buy my cheap foods and then go to Switzerland again. And kind of that stuff. And they only had like, you would earn a few other companies in Switzerland as you know. Well, I know it's grown a lot. Switzerland is grown a lot for Evision. What year was that? It was 2018. 2018. So even before you turned pro. Wow. And then I always once, it was crazy story because that was why I'm laughing. I had some career team from my friend, you know, way sooner, 2016 or something. Okay. It was like a holy grail. And I was sitting at home like, So I mean imagine creatine. So I take it or should I not. And I was like researching like whole week about it. Like should I take it with some graips syrup or you know, they said like with graips syrup, but it works better. Right. And because of the sugar. And also like, I need to drink like 6, 7, 8 liters of water to really make it work. And stuff like this, you know, I thought like that. And then my mom. She's the best. She founded it and she thought like, I wish it. This kid, 16 years old and he takes steroids. Oh, because she thought it was a steroids. Yeah. She thought that creatine was a steroids. Creatine, it's kind of fuck up your kidney. You're going to be dead until you. She thought like this and she threw it away. So that was your first supplement that you didn't even get to use. Yeah. I used it for like a week or something. So you know, get out. And nowadays it's super like the research is great. The studies are like super safe. Yeah. Super safe. So you can use it with 16. And when all the parents listen and don't be worried about it. It's definitely not going to hurt your kidneys. It's just elevates the one creatine. You're craftening. Yeah. But that's why we always say, make sure you get blood worked on. I even have my son, right? We got his blood worked on before we started creating on him. And he's got his blood worked on and just made sure that we had like on about two and a half grams. And it's one of those things. But honestly, I liked it the way. Of course, you've throw it away and it was a big mess back then. But how expensive was it back then? It was cheap. It was not like when I was when I came up, it was like 300 bucks a kilo. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It was like crazy. And then later I got this free of it, Harigo, you know that from the... Ah, yes. Yeah. Like we were like creating and the car, car matrix in it. Marcus Rul did the advertisement for that. No. I thought like, now it's time. Baby. We get him off. You scoops and I'm going like, yeah. Marcus Rul's coming. But that's what I loved. Like the mysterious about it. I thought like for so long, I thought Ronnie was natural. For real. And was he was natural? First first Olympia. Yeah. But imagine that I was like, I was thinking like, I can reach that natural. And I didn't even thought about hopping on gear. And now I see you really 16 year old guys being one week in a gym and thinking about jumping on. And that's not my kind of bodybuilding understatement. What I learned, you know, what I learned about the beauty of the sport when I was growing up, you know, in the old school gym where I went to, I remember I broke my foot during my break then's time. And then I had those, what was it called in English? Oh, you're just... Putsches. Putsches. Yeah. I got that one and it was snowing outside. And I was walking to the gym with that just to train some chest. And that was like the passion about it, you know, and not like hopping on gear and being a big influence on this kind of shit. Because that fucks you up mentally as well. You know? Yeah. I think it all screws you up. I think social media has created a lot of monsters when it comes to like the inner demons. Yeah, last year I broke. Last year was my honestly, my hardest year ever. Really? I didn't want it to do the Olympia. I never talked about that. To be honest, I was... I didn't have the law for bodybuilding anymore at all. My pressure was so high. I got from like everything, you know. I got problems in my family and with sickness and everything. I was honestly thinking about not doing it. And that was mentally like the toughest time I ever had. And that fucked me up a lot. And that also had to do with social media and you know, with like getting all the pressure from it and being there doing all the stuff you need to do every day. To make yourself happy, make sponsors happy, make you following happy and it's not like back in the days where you had like the magazine cover shootings and like some seminars to do. And that's it and you get your big contract. It has two sides nowadays. On the one side it's great. I mean, you also have a great team with your like nutrition company. We've good influences and athletes. And they like I said yesterday in the little meeting. Every day you have the opportunity to like build your own brand with social media. Make your own money. That's super cool. But at the other side, you have so many comparisons and especially younger people. Compare themselves and then you have a new upcoming star with 13 years old. And then they get the young and young and young and it's just getting too crazy. And then you own like your own wealth. You lose your own worth. Pretty much. Camperison is the thief of Jordan. Yeah, 100%. And that was it got me for real. So it was also during the prep. It didn't felt good anymore. You know, I just. I keep continuing. I don't know why but at the end. At the first time I was I had fun again. When I arrived in Vegas two weeks before the limpia. Really? Yeah. And then I said like okay. What, but what was it? I honestly thought I never going to. I thought I can not go to be in top 10 anymore. But what triggered that? I don't know. I don't know it until this day to be honest. Ever. Ever therapist I work with. Which is really important. And you don't need to be like scared or shy to take a look. You know. You know. Like you have a trainer who trains you in the gym. You also can have a trainer for your mental. Or for your mindset and everything. It's important especially when you're. When you're a professional athlete. And this lifestyle we have is pretty. Strict and can make you mentally feel not good. But yeah, what triggered that is. It's hard to say on one side. There's really private but I'm going to share it. It's because I think I always wanted to make my dad proud. And I never achieved it to be honest. What was. Yeah. Sorry. But what was pretty. Pretty hard for me to see. And yeah that that can fuck you up. They also said to me. You know. Was he there? No. I'm sorry. I didn't know this. Is your father still alive? Yeah. But he's not. No. I don't want to talk about this. But yeah. He wasn't that any of my competitions. He's never in any. Yeah. And I would love that. You know. I would love that. I did. I did practice the year before it twisted it. Yeah. And I only choose it because it was close to where my family lives. You know. It's just a two or three hour drive. And I thought he's coming. And I was I saw my mom. Before prejudging and she told me like, yeah. It's not here. And I was standing on that stage. Like winning this. But in myself. I wasn't happy at all. Like I just did it for that reason. You know. And yeah, that was. I think at the other side that drive me my whole life. And was a big motivation. Also, it was a hard motivation for me. But that was really the thing why I'm here today. Yes. Because my time growing up was pretty hard. You know. When you were bodybuilding. Was it accepted by either parent ever with bodybuilding? My mom is. My mom is the best. You know, she really helped me a lot. And she really pushed me. And she felt so she was going through postball. All my life. And she was also face-to-face when I got my first bodybuilding Governance from bodybuilding. said to her okay now stop working you can relax and relax now you can retire of everything and I take care and that felt that was like the biggest achievement in my whole career I would say not those not those Olympias was that that point. When she supported you and now you're supposed to be a her and that's super cool because I always thought I never gonna make money out of this I knew it I knew it inside somewhere deep inside myself and I'm gonna make money out of it and I gonna retire her and make the best life for her and my family but yeah how hard is it in bodybuilding it's very to make money you know very hard you follow your passion first yeah and then the money will come yeah right after 13 years yeah well I mean there's people who've done it a lot longer than that it took longer yeah and some people it doesn't ever become directly able to get money from competitions but they become trainers or they become business owners that are still passionate about the industry but I just feel like did it feel you though did it feel you about your father yeah that you used that you wanted to say that was my fuel for everything yeah to really work hard as hard as I can and I always worked work worked I thought like yeah that's enough to make making proud and it was not so I'm still continuing since that on yeah that's crazy he just didn't like bodybuilding or was he just no general he I don't know what it is honestly he loved it or he was a weightlifter he wasn't a Polish national team so I thought it's gonna be a cool thing but I don't know like when you when you grow up everything like I thought talk about it it's also like is it's the Polish part of you and the German part it's very similar to the Germans well now that's the point what I wanted to say so to interrupt yeah they you get raised differently and also I mean he's he's born and 95 so during that time during the 60s and 70s you're gonna get raised completely different right compared to now you know cam has a completely different life growing up 85 how old your father 66 he's 66 yeah okay so I mean compared to you yeah so that was that is maybe one point but but but I know the Germans don't like to share their feelings from when I hear right is the Polish community the same yeah not show it's like they're strong people that don't want to show emotions and as much yeah I think it's different for every family but in my mind my mother is really emotional emotional women and she's also when you look at me most of the time I'm happy yeah and I'm smiling yes that's what everybody tells me in the US like first year I was the Sunny boy me La Salle Jeff told me it is like yeah he's he's always in a good mood yeah which I really am and my mom is the same yeah but at the other side sometimes at home I'm really introverted and I'm really quiet and don't show feelings also in my relationship which is really hard I tell you that and I think this part I have from from the other side you know and my father's on yeah right and I'm really trying to work on it but it's yeah what was the last time you talked about yeah we could go I was there okay I can tell you later why and everything yeah that's not the thing I want to talk about the public but yeah but it just seems like we just talked normal yeah I mean I think a lot of people can relate when you call your mom I can talk like 45 minutes with her and she's not stopping you know and I when I call my dad it's like two minutes three minutes right and it's more like there's more distance in it and it's not so so close and so filled with emotions yeah that's hard especially when you expire it's fired to be the number one bodybuilder in the world and you've been you know top three several times and you make such a good living being able to do this is such a young age and you know you're one of the top guys it's you're always looking for acceptance yeah right but what you can do or you just can accept it and that's it probably you never got to be at the Olympia you know and that's that's sad but that's a thing I need to learn and then you need to accept and also forgive you know forgive in things that's a thing I want to make different that's why I always ask you about your son yeah you realize that how often yes because it's for me it's super important that you have the great relationship and to bring him here and to like you go you do a lot of the stuff with him that's amazing that's the same thing I want to do with my kids but I never was on an event with my dad you know so when you grew up you didn't spend any time with him no we didn't had like we went on vacation once a year that was pretty cool but I decided that I was my mom was with me somewhere on the events or something yeah I think a lot of it now is trying to spend like we take Cameron to all the major shows right like you're not going to go with me to the Arnold Clack because of the fact that he has school but we make sure that even if he has to come to the he comes to every Olympia ever since he was in yeah no the bell yeah so you know and also beside that I mean beside bodybuilding I mean the business you are in also beside that you're doing a lot of stuff with him you told me about which was not on social media yeah and that's super cool so that's how I want to be in the future you know if I gonna have family yeah I would love to have family better way yeah yeah well and I think that's one of those things that you will have it's just a matter of time but yesterday we bumped up my sperm count we're on day increasing that every every athlete which woke woke the fan yeah the last last couple that's couple right you know how do you how do you got three kids now yeah so we made fun of this the last days yeah you're gonna proceed my fun listen it's the honey special it's the FSD 7 it's like getting up the sperm count bro that's awesome you know it's that it's that Texas barbecue bro yeah it's that Texas barbecue but it's really you know thank you for sharing it because I think there's a lot of people that are gonna relate to it yeah I never talked about it to be honest because I don't want to show like a week site you know especially that's also the same thing as the Arnold's two years ago when I was at the hospital three days before the Arnold's two days before the Arnold's because of the food poisoning I don't talk about it and I went on that stage got my second place and then a day after I talked or I told the people about it because before when you do it before it's like I try to find a reason why you don't want or something or why you maybe look bad and I don't I don't want to have that you know yeah but I now when my following getting up and up the last months and years I think it's super important to talk about stuff like this as well yeah and maybe you don't want to but you need to because there are so many people and young boys and girls are there which maybe have the same problems and I want to stay there for them and say like hey you still can get to the top with yeah not the best time growing up and a pretty pretty hard time back then you know I think the adversity is a double-edge sword um adversity helps grow and allows you to pour the gasoline on the fire but it also you have to heal that and how you heal that whether you go to therapy whether you work your way through it is very important and I think that the listener should take one big take away from this and that is the same type of fuel that can really ignite your career and your ability to grow within sports within your positions and your jobs all the things that you're trying to achieve all these great goals and accomplishments can also they've also burned you somehow too right yeah but you have to try to heal those burns and I feel that many of you don't understand that there's a good and a bad side to all of it and you have to be able to let your body and your mind heal because they work together and if you don't and you suppress it you know some people you know take to drugs some people like alcohol some people are just uh the abusive you know and when you know in a lot of different ways I know that uh everybody I've gone through it myself you know dealing with all the situations I grew up with and you know I've talked about it you know growing up and I feel that when you go through that and you have the adversity again it can make you really really strong but you can also bring in walls around you that you're not gonna want to allow people in yeah and that's something where I feel like talking about this and putting it out there for people to understand that everything is a highlight real on social media yes you want to only show the best you don't be able to share these parts yeah life is not only a highlight of social media it's up and down and it's yeah now you're you're resume the pretty good I mean you yeah fuck man yeah but you know again on a more you know fun no um on a classic this weekend yeah on a classic this weekend tell me what your predictions are I mean because I don't know exactly when this podcast is gonna go live but in general I know that you got Mike in there who just six second yeah at the Olympia then you have Wesley who was the reigning champion from last year who didn't peak at what he wanted to peak you know per what he was explained to me on this podcast but where do you see the top five for classic physique honestly the whole lineup is super good I mean of course Ramon and I you don't know yeah we we're set that out this year but uh I think it's you never know I mean especially for classic the peak is so important when you don't peak right we saw it in Ramon all with Wesley this last Olympia um you lose some spots and I mean with that being said and knowing how Wesley is looking right now because we have the same coach yeah um he can be dangerous although I did a video about my predictions I had Mike in first okay just yeah because he's a bit more complete but and obviously he was pretty big yeah yeah but Wesley wasn't as good as at the Arnold's right and always he has always problems with nailing it on the Olympia and with in on the Arnold's it's he's he's looking pretty good every time so we never know but I gonna say Mike won two Wesley three it's uh Michael the Bull and four is uh I think the training part of the reigning the reigning Grego yeah I think Grego definitely I had him in top five for sure and I think he's battling I think I had him in top three but I think he's he's battling it out yeah it depends yeah he looks I mean yeah his structure is not as good as like Mike's or something but uh he can really barely doubt with uh what did I say for Michael Michael the Bull yeah they are not the same but they're kind of like can can bedle it out I think okay and Logan Franklin also to that's right yeah yeah that's right I forgot I'm so Logan's doing it but hey honestly everything can happen yeah that's class yeah because it's so close that's class yeah so I don't have a C-bumb there so uh we've all seen them everything can happen you know yeah that's just insane how do you feel about that how do you feel about now going into the Olympia because you're taking the time off yeah and I know it was really hard for you and and for those of you as you see it caught up that was a lot of conversation about about the situation with the Arnold because you've done the Arnold last several years and you were like feeling very guilty that you weren't doing the show but you were trying to also rest your body you were getting blood work back you were trying to work work on that you were going to work on some weaknesses yeah I know when you when I talked in in India and I said to you and I said like I feel like your body because you asked me like you're like what what do you think and I said I think you need to rest your body I think you need to rest your body and you think you need to do a lot of more active therapy yeah work on your poses that's what's it told me yeah work on your poses work on opening up because you are so trapped dominant yeah right and when you're so trapped dominant it narrows you up so it brings almost a the ability for your body to actually look more narrow the bigger and tighter your traps longer so what you need to do is you need to relax the traps and then allow your lats to grow and then be able to really get maximum width and just from then till now I see a difference what have you been doing I worked on it pretty hard to be honest one I started with like daily stretching again and getting my mobility in by myself and with that together I worked with two different therapists okay I mean osteopathy one side get my inner things going I'm really good like fascia and the organs and everything which is also this is the first time you've done this yeah yeah like on a regular basis and consistent consistency as we know is the key for everything yes and then like normal therapy where you really beat the shit out of me right so deep tissue you stretching yes and active stretching yes active stretching and my on my chest area and front delts and everything which is pretty overpowered on my physique is really like open it up and with that also my back improved or not because then my posture was right yes everything I like yesterday talked about it everything I do all that right now especially at chest support the T-boards it's squeezing all the muscles together so you can't feel the difference yes I get way more out of it and that's uh yeah it's super important and I'm gonna keep you continuing if that also with the regular therapy I talked with Jay about it three years ago or something and he was like yeah you need therapy like twice a week and like bro I can't afford it now and now I can't afford it and I'm gonna stay on it yeah we did a lot of therapy you know nine yeah he told me about it oh he did yeah yeah he was just I mean we were doing so much he was working with several different therapists he was going in several times a week it was just just as important as the workouts to be able to bring back all the detail and the mobility and being able to I mean just even foam rolling and being able to hand it on a pexie glass foam roller because the regular foam roller was just collapsing and collapsing and giving away and so the pain of a regular foam roller is so much but when you're using a pexie glass one and breaking up all the adhesions and you're really trying to get deep in there you know you're putting a 280 pound body on top of that it hurts yeah but it helps it does I'd write always to put it on my lads before the workout roll over it and then you feel way more pump and you're way better range of motion if you exercise so that's that's pretty good but yeah when you start out it's nothing what is necessary because first when you have the muscle mass and like 250 to 60 pounds of muscle on your frame then you see okay you need to really work on this when you wear like 160 to 180 pounds you don't really have mobility issues right we wear 270 but definitely 100% yeah well and like I said going into the Olympian now this year because that's going to be your next show and now you don't have to go against Chris because Chris is done so sadly you know I love to compete with him I know that's what you were telling him pretty good friends and what a time it was just a great battle you know doing that with him and to seeing also your own body because he was like the stand out and you wanted to push it you wanted to push it every year and now there's nobody really to you need to like push or because nobody of us I would say not five or top 10 has the physique to be a year a champ for many years you know we all need to build even more and yeah it's going to be a fun time next year is in classic you're talking about dominance like that yeah Chris dominance is yet to be not not there yeah I mean I need a few years yeah but when I saw you a pro in Chris was doing the open you were even saying God I kind of wanted to do this show I wanted to do it in open right I wanted to do it because yeah of course I knew a bit earlier than the public that Chris is doing a pro actual and I said to my coach hey it's the fan I want to do it I want to get on that stage one last time with him and he said like that was pretty wise because he said like you want to go with Chris on the stage the last time all you want to close that chapter focus and win the Olympia and around that time you know with the hard prep before and this mentally issues it was yeah it was just necessary to take some time off I mean I would love to do it but it was just four weeks but four weeks I'm a prep yeah just makes you unhealthy and it's it's not worth and worth it especially because you already had a hard prep you didn't even enjoy it until two weeks before the show yeah that's crazy normally nobody goes that long before they get really on their rhythm yeah it's usually maybe like four weeks in or halfway in at the very least halfway in and they start firing on all these one years yeah fully and normally for me yeah several weeks into it max you know just kind of catching your stride but to go all the way up until two weeks before the show that's probably another main decision of you not doing it I think it would have been actually really cool for you to be in that show actually because I know how good you look I just saw you just posed for me and we were working on some posing stuff and you're 270 pounds and you being on stage at 245 you know versus 230 right or 240 245 anywhere in that space right I mean you have a very good frame in terms of being able to hold a lot of size and then you suck down to 230 to make weight at your height and then when you look at it because you're about 511 and a quarter right yeah you're just over 511 to be here the 230 mark it would have been very very interesting to see and but again I know your coach also had Martin and he also had Sean so he had his hands full as well but you just mentally not being there up until two weeks out that's a concern that would have been concern for any coach to say also no it was the right decision now I had like big time recovering from from like all the previous years because I always did like our routes and Olympia and some shows in between and it was it's over it was a great time to do that but now it's really time to focus and to dial in for the big show the Olympia so let me ask you about this I gotta ask you because you were there Prague what do you think wow I mean Prague was amazing that was yeah it was like the craziest bodybuilding event I saw personally that it was was insane and people were going nuts have you ever seen anything like that you know I'm proud because I know like 50 60% of the whole venue was German and I loved it and beside that we showed what Europe can do bring the Olympia to Europe and you gotta see that again triple as big as that but no just kidding I mean Prague Peter did a great job with his team and they set up a great show it was last minute thing see if I'm said like okay I'm in and then the line up just got so strong and who do you have when he grow you need to give it to Martin you know because bodybuilding like Steve told us all is masculinity yeah I mean you need to have muscles for open bodybuilding and of course Chris had the better aesthetic or more aesthetics in a better line but Martin had more muscles and his line wasn't that bad you know yet a great experience well I sometimes think would win when like another open guy would be there with like a shitty you know shitty line yeah that maybe it would be different but with a Martin fits water you have also everything combined you have the muscleness he looks good you know the beautiful physique maybe Chris is a bit better in but he's also super shredded Martin wasn't so sure at the pre-judging yeah I think we saw that but at the finals he really got his things together at the next day but yeah Chris did a awesome job I mean that's also a thing I want to do before I end my classic career I want to jump on the open stage once that's be awesome just to see how it looks and everything but yeah I'm a guy I want to do I want to do step by step you know because I get it especially when I'm looking like right now with 270 everybody's asking you you get straighted glutes and straighted legs and everything when you're going to switch to the open and I don't have like a plan for 10 years I want to wind a limpia in classic and then see what I'm going to do from there you know right around the corner man yeah that's it that's it that's awesome man well thank you I know that you gotta get some meals in because you got a leg day yeah yeah that's right right 12 o'clock already yeah so getting some meals and do legs but I really appreciate it there's a lot of different things that you never shared before yeah any kind of a platform and I'm really I know how different it's true of us yeah it is and I made this platform in a safe manner to be able to share these things because I want to be able to allow people to really connect because everything that they see about you guys is amazing but I think that they need to see behind the curtain a little bit that that's not what got you there yeah but you always have prayed from the reaction you know you don't know what's sure how it's gonna come back so but I can't live with without like telling stuff like this as well you know so moreally I did the right thing when the people gonna kick my ass now it's okay but I don't think so I think we're gonna actually appreciate your openness because like I said yeah it's hard to talk about it but we did it and no we can't reverse it so it's let it how it is yes oh yeah again thank you so much we're getting ready to leave tomorrow for the Arnold Classic again depending on when this comes out how quickly this thing is gonna come out we're gonna be able to try to get the next video up as well on the leg workout we were able to do some arms and definitely follow or if you're not already following him who put those link below thank you guys who too page and I appreciate all of the truth man I really do and I'm seeing your journey and I know you have a long way to go because you have many more years ahead of you but it's been amazing to see how well you've done and it's not just getting to where you're at but how you get there and you're doing a top notch job though thank you yeah honey ram bod irrs milka bear and that's the truth