Welcome to the Truth Podcast. I'm your host, Hani Rambad, and I have a special guest for me today. We have none other than Wesley Vissers. How are you, brother? Yeah, thank you very much for having me and doing very well. I'm very excited, of course, for the Arnold coming up. So that's really my focus at the moments. But I really happy to be speaking to you for the first time, actually. Yeah, yeah, we, you know, we see each other kind of in passing backstage or you're pumping up and, you know, I was with Chris and you're getting ready. And I see, you know, the determination and focus in your eyes, especially at the Olympia, because again, you really popped off. I mean, you've kind of been around for a little while. If you can tell a little bit of my followers a little bit about your origin story is, that would be great. Like, where were you, where did you turn pro? And right now, are Europe and Northern Europe, right? Yeah. So I'm from in Netherlands. I'm also called the Dutch Oaks. So that's kind of where I think it comes from. So I started bodybuilding, a competitive bodybuilding in 2013, like in the Netherlands as a local bodybuilder basically, the junior and that's for a few years. But there was no classic at all back then, of course. So I went from being a junior to actually a super headweight in a Netherlands. And in 2017, I won everything I could here locally, because yeah, I won the biggest show in Netherlands as a super headweight. So it's also quite nice to still have that as a background, not just be a classic guy, but also having being a bodybuilder before. But then for the first time ever, classic physique came to Europe. Because I think it was already around 2016 in the USA when it was announced. But it took a while before the got to Europe. And it went to the London, actually, the Royal London Pro in 2018. So I'm also very proud to say that the very first classic physique show ever in Europe. That's the one that I won my pro card at. And I was 24 at the time. So I was still very young. Yeah, I still, like then I thought I knew a lot, but you know, compared to now, I realized I had a lot to learn. But I did then do my pro debut in Chicago a few months later. And I won that one as well, which we honestly did not expect either my coaches like what just happened like, like you turn pro and you win your pro show. And then you're qualified for the Olympia. And that's what you meet. The Breonnaentially, Chris Boundstadt, Arrasrobar, all the top guys back then. And then I realized, okay, it's one thing to turn pro and win your pro debut. But it's another thing to be one of the top guys at the Olympia. That's a whole different ball game. So that's when I realized, okay, this is not something as easy as it as I thought it was. Because I won everything in the Netherlands, won a pro card, won a class physique, but then Michelin Pia came and I was shared 14th place. And that's when realization came also from my followers that maybe I was being overhyped before. And that's kind of where I took on the underdog role pretty much since that 2018 Mr. Olympia. And since then I've been doing quite well in regular shows like in Portugal or in Spain or in France, in countries like this. But usually at Olympia, I would place like 11th and then finally I broke top 10. And then I was eighth and I was seventh. And then the year after which was last year, I won the R classic Ohio first and then the UK F that which was a dream come true for me. Being awarded the prize by my idol Arnold Schwarzenegger, which is just amazing. But that did give me the belief in myself. That's finally all the doubt I might have had in the back of my mind somewhere. It's always there when you never really achieve what you want to Olympia. When you win the Arnold, it kind of lets a fire on you that if you think it really possible now. And that's the mindset I had going into last year's Olympia. The connectivity too, right? The way I look at it is there's a huge connectivity with the classic guys in Arnold. Because again, that's where you're trying to achieve that look, is the definition of classic. And again, and also in a lot of ways definition of bodybuilding, but especially classic. And I feel that you Chris, earth, everyone is really kind of uses that as kind of the role model. Is that a good on a statement? Yeah, I think so. If I can speak for myself, I'm that's really what I'm trying to be. I happen to also have exactly Arnold's height even a little bit taller. And I was already being called, like without me saying it, I was already being compared to Arnold by others before I even knew anything about professional bodybuilding at all. So it kind of I grew up with the idea that Arnold was the one I should be looking up to, but I automatically did because I watched popping iron. I thought this kind of physique, that is what I want. And that's automatically how I started to train how I envisioned like the training itself with the mind most of connection, the way Arnold talks about it. I could really identify myself with that and also the posing. I used to be a terrible poser, like a really like a robot basically. I sucked at it. But I played Arnold's 1980, Poison routine so many times on YouTube in slow motion. And I have still have the recording this of me playing that video, trying to emulate his poses, his classic pose, until I got them right. How did you let transitions? How did he go from the front of a bias app to the three-quarter back to a bias app? How does that happen? I had no instinct idea about that until I watched this video over and over and over again. And that is really the power of practice. And now, the comparison has been made, I've won his show. And yeah, for me he is the ultimate classic body voter that represents what the classic stands for. Absolutely. I think that when you won last year the Arnold, that's when it was like, okay, now you've like you said, filled a bit of that potential, because potential is always what you make it. And you always have the idea and understanding that you want to be the best bodybuilder on the planet. But besides the being the winner of the Mr. Limpia winning the Arnold Classic is a great affirmation. It's like, wow, this is something that's going to allow me to basically kind of spread my wings and say it's a great leapfrog going into the Olympia. And for me, the whole situation with what happened last year, it was like a great snowball effect. You won the Arnold, you won the UK, and then you were going into it. And I think when we brought up the whole thought process in the last podcast, when I mentioned, hey, look, if anybody knows Wesley, let's definitely bring them on here because we were talking about pressure, right? And you have athletes that had a deal with this. I was talking, I think, in context to like deregulence for when we were going through all of this preps. It was like one after another, the first prep, we did together. He won the 212. The second prep we did together, he took second in the open. The third prep we ever did together, he wins the Misturail, and then it was like, okay, now you have to try to establish some kind of dominance because now that you're at the top, you have nowhere to go but down. So you're trying to create a different version of yourself, Aulah, Ronnie Coleman, Aulah, Phil Heath, all of these top bodybuilders in the world, even Chris, when you won the Arnold, the pressure, how was it in your eyes? I know that you really enjoyed the the affirmation of winning, but how did that balance out with the amount of pressure that you had to go into now that you were kind of a front runner for the Aulimpia? Yeah, so there's, I thought about it. When I watched that episode that you mentioned the pressure, I thought about what really, what did it mean for me personally? What does the pressure define, how did it define itself in my life, and there's two kinds of pressure for me. So the maybe surprising kind is the Aulah Classic, the competition, and everything that got out of the competition in terms of the prestige, but also let's be honest, the financial gain. It literally changed my family's life. Like I've two children, either fiance, we have our own gym. It changed our lives so much that she can spend so much more time with the children now, she can hire people to give classes at the gym. There's a lot of more free time. We can spend with the family and I can then in turn spend more time being the best version of why it can be as a bodybuilder. So I knew that it was very important to uphold this performance to keep this lifestyle going that we have now established again. So it wasn't just pressure or I want to be the best because otherwise people are going to think I suck or something, but it's more like, okay, now I went to another step in my life, and I don't want to go back now. I really want this for my family. So it's kind of more I need to win this to establish this this gain for my children and the rest of my family because I'm not really somebody with materialistic, but I really like to leave a legacy for people around me. And that's the kind of pressure I fell as well, but then on the other hand also, when you win, you are the best at that moment in that show, which means you don't have clear direction where to go because now I that I lost at the Olympia and I got some feedback from the head judge Steve Weinberg. He said, I needed to be fuller. That gave me now direction to go somewhere I need to focus on, but when you win something, it's like, okay, I just need to do this again. But that's not as easy as focusing on okay. I need to either be more conditioned, I need to either be more full, so you can have a focus, which takes away the pressure because now you have something to focus on, but there's actually a lot more pressure if you have to repeat something the same way as the previous time because you have repreposed different. You can't. So it's difficult to know what the focus on actually. And I think I I over did it at the Olympia by trying to be too, too peeled and too full at the same time, I wanted it all because I didn't have one singular focus on what to do. So I yeah, I didn't realize it at the time that I got the eighth place, but after hearing the feedback that I wasn't, I didn't have the pop, the freshness, the fullness that I had at the Arnold, and I watched back at footage, it was like yes, he's just right. I have to be transparent against to myself as well about what really happened and that's how the pressure got to me personally. So it has not so much to do with the opinions of people, because I'm very stoic in that sense. I don't really, I think even think it's funny when people make fun of my leg and stuff like that, like about weak body parts. I mean, that's always going to happen. I don't that doesn't affect me, but it's more like it just sucks that when you don't win a show, it takes so much away that you could have had in your life. And that's that to me is the pressure part, emotionally from me as well. Yeah, that's self pressure. I think it happens even more so when you're married and have kids, because all you're doing this for at this point is when you have kids, you're living for your kids and you're living to try to give them a betterment of their life. And I think that you're trying to give your wife more financial freedom so that they don't have to work and they can spend more time with the kids. So therefore you need to be able to become a better bread winner so that you can be able to and it puts more weight on your shoulders. But ultimately it's for the betterment of your family because of the fact that when you're by yourself, you don't, I feel like have as much pressure then you do when you have that family because it's a constant reminder when you see them. You see their smiling face, you see them walking through the door and you come in from a hard workout. It's really hard to be angry and bitter and everything else that you normally were when you didn't have them, you know? And it's something that is something to be said. But with the gym, your gym, what's the name of your gym? What's the name of your gym? What's the vintage gym? Vintage gym and that's in wood city? Invest in an Netherlands. In the Netherlands and the best. And so, did you feel like since you won, there was more people coming in and visiting you and you got just much more kind of the marketing just kind of jumped up? Yeah for sure because I purposely don't market the gym as such because I still need to be able to train myself in a normal way. But there's a lot more people who purchase like these day passes. They come all over the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, like even Poland, like a travel far to just go to the gym and they usually does my girlfriends or my fiance's cell phone is connected to the gym not mine. So she gets all messages and almost all of them ask is whether they're too kind of take a picture with him, will he be there? But that's not really the goal here. It's nice that more people are going to train at the gym but it shouldn't be affecting my prep for example or what I do at the gym itself. But yeah, we do this a lot more traffic there and it also is nice to know that even after body building the gym will always be there also to provide for us and even if our children when they can over they can but it's going quite well and a lot better so there's the Arnold for sure. Oh that's great. That's great and that's those are the things that I really want to be able to kind of highlight that these are these key opportune moments that we can turn around and be able to kind of work together on and say look when you win it's amazing you win the Arnold which is the second largest body building show in the world after the mystery Olympia but right now you just even as you building up there's so much periphery that helps you kind of elevate you in all of your status and your sponsors and everything else that you work with and that's where I think a lot of that self pressure comes in and trying to balance it out and saying okay again you know your your sponsors you're trying to make them happy you're trying to keep your family happy but when you win in and you're trying to work that out with your head and you're trying do you feel like it was basically kind of like which is saying it's chasing perfection you're trying to be so ripped and so full and and all of these is that basically kind of what ended up happening because you were just trying to key in on every aspect yeah exactly because I know that nobody is perfect like even miserable in itself there's always things that people can improve so I was like okay I know what my strong points are and what the points of improvements are but I'm going to try to make my strong points so good that they overpower anything because competitors might have but it kind of backfired in the end because why am I thinking was the more conditioned I could be the better it's going to be but for my physique being so tall as I am I need that 3D effect I need that fullness especially with my kind of aesthetics I don't rely unlike this bubbly muscles I rely more on those and the density also but it ends to be full without that if I don't have the fullness the conditioning disappears at the same time and so that's why it didn't work in either scenario even though if I look at like my checking picture for the coach they all looked great leading up to the show and somewhere along the line it just went too far and then yeah on the day of the show you still things okay I'm just going to you know you still in the back of your mind you're like I'm the armed winner so they have no choice but to put me in a top 5 otherwise people will complain and I don't look bad so there's no way but all eventually at the end of the day as the judge is always saying we just judge what in front of us at that moment right without any past thoughts about what they have achieved in the past so that's really what happened on that day because yeah number 8 is not where what I came for I really thought to have 5 would be the bare minimum if I'm very honest and then because of top 5 you're allowed to do your potion routine in the finals as a cleansing physique because I'll try to top 5 you don't get to do the finals really yeah so that really was my goal and the but that was the minimum goal like my real real list of going my mind must be at least in a final call out with Chris and maybe someone else like Ramon for example and have us barely let out but obviously that didn't happen and yeah I have to always learn from those mistakes and I usually need one day as for such a show to kind of absorb that disappointment and to also turn it back around it okay what did we learn here how can we improve and how can we be better next time and that's where a lot of people who are in my corner help me a lot as well at my coach and also my fiance always goes with me and even the the people who are around me who film everything they also are friends at the same time yeah so we are a really close team who a back each other and that's really important for me because as you mentioned before like if you're alone I think even for example if I was alone and I would have won the Arnold I wouldn't have found it so amazing because I've no one to celebrate it with it's like and the same thing happens when you lose it sucks even more when you're alone because you have no one to talk to about it or to say or to tell you to get you out of that slum basically and I'm really lucky that I do have those people around me yeah and and it's one of those things where you kind of win and you lose together right it's you have that ability to have they don't understand a lot of people don't understand that it does take an entire village it's a team and everybody works together nobody does this alone and anybody who does it might happen for a very short period of time and it's going to be fleeting and you're not going to be able to really like you said appreciate it because you want to be able to pass that joy to the people that helped you as well and supported you throughout the whole journey but when you went into this prep did you I know the biggest criticism that I believe that you've had is your legs right it's because also because of how tall are you are because you're six foot about three is that about you're about six three yeah yeah yeah and and obviously you have a very big frame to fill what have you done different to be able to be able to fill in your legs because I have noticed that there are improving for sure and what have you done different and through the entire years or even between up until the improvement that you had the Arnold to be able to create more fullness more size did you change up anything in your training was it was it a calorie thing what can you just share with the listeners what the solution was for that lagging body part even at the highest level you guys are constantly working on that but I'd love to for you to be able to share that yes there's multiple factors of course number one is going to be detraining because then it will influence no that the way your muscles grow whether they grow or not and back in the day it used to be happy with 90 degree rate of motion and elect press on the squat on motion movements whereas I thought the weight was more important I did that for many years but for the upper body it worked decently but for the legs it didn't because the range of motion and flexibility mobility there is not worse than my upper body like my ankle flexibility is really bad so if I want to go all the way down in the squat I literally can't without bending over so exercise selection started to become really important so I moved for example to a belt squat certain hex quads and leg presses and maximise the range of motion most specifically the stretch on the muscle to really finally also with the my most connection feel that stretch where I wanted like actually feel it in a quiet like in a deep place where I normally would not feel it there's for example I could squat what I would wait but I would feel it all over my body it would just be kind of like a cardio movement like 10 reps with 200 kilos I like 500 pounds or something like I felt it everywhere like it was a very mental challenge to do it but it wasn't really a focus the leg movement whereas when I trained it chest or the arms or the stronger body part it is so easy to get into those muscles and to isolate them and to fatigue only those muscles and not the rest but for the legs it's always been a challenge so I moved to full range of motion light in the load so I can actually go for range of motion with a normal weight with a good rep range and the exercise selection there and also moving around the movements such as starting with the hamstrings and now also the glutes to make sure the the smallest part of my leg is being targeted first and then the strongest part which are still the quads last and then also has to do with the type of prep you go into since I've been with my coach in 2022 I ate half of the calories that I ate for the 2024 Arnold so we were able to improve my metabolism quite a lot when I coach myself for a while and I thought it was never good enough I always had to be more and more and more shredded so I need very little food which oddly your weakest body part goes first and that's the legs then and with my coach eating more carbs staying fresh air staying fuller being able to train harder kept more volume in the legs and then lastly the extreme cardio I used to do well extreme it's relative of course but it was 90 minutes a day only on the resistance bike that you should do before which again is not really conducive for leg size retention and now I moved way more to doing steps so more general movement and 30 minutes on the bike for example and still keeping my dilution of weight per week so I keeping a lot more attention to staying fresh keeping the leg fresh and making sure that I don't eat too little food to retain the size of the legs basically and then make sure I keep the volume in the training high enough for the legs and the weight and the rate of motion to keep them aware keep the muscle here we're still training here so we still need this muscle and yeah that's a short way of me saying how I change basically my way of training and keeping the mass on the legs so you really focus on recovery and being able to try to really come back to every workout with fresher fuller legs yeah exactly because I also log every workout that I do so all the sets and the reps and whenever I notice that my legs would get weaker I would either just drop the volume I drop the last working set on a certain movement or you know talked about about it with my coach maybe didn't extra res day maybe a refee day maybe my sleep needs to be better really depends on different factors but the one thing I didn't want to become is a weaker because weaker than correlates to losing muscle ultimately yep so you want to keep the strength nice and high so you want that's how you can gauge the freshness in those legs and since I've been doing that they are doing way better in keeping their size all the way until showday yeah it makes a big difference and it's always so a balancing act because you're gonna naturally always lose a little bit towards the last two weeks when you start to do that you know the last completion but it's always balancing and it's also with your body too everybody has a slightly different body and you got to figure out what you need and that's why when everybody asks hey what should I do it's a very generalized statement you know you're you got to do what's best for you at that given moment because if you do the same thing as you did for the Arnold as you do the Olympia does it mean you're going to have the same result because your body's chemistry the biology is completely different metabolism different everything is completely different so you need to adjust to what your body's doing or not doing and therefore to try to be able to kind of like land it on it like a aircraft carriers I call it like you're trying to just land it just perfectly you know and that that let's say so are you saying when you're doing the Olympia prep do you feel that it kind of went sideways during the week of the prep or do you feel like it kind of there was it was a process several weeks out with just some things that went sideways yeah I think I pretty much was already in condition stage condition shape a few weeks out and I think that's right when wrong keeping that shape for so long it just it's hard to it's very difficult yeah it really slowly because you don't know the day to day but when you look back in the weeks you see that size difference for sure but because it happens so slowly and you don't want to acknowledge that it might be happening you start losing that volume and it's just so hard to keep it when you're in such a low body fat and and kind of a high fatigue state and of course at the end of prep sleep isn't what it's what it's been right and you know having to children is always going to be a little more challenging than not having them because the nights are always unpredictable because they're two and four years old so they wake up you know every other day every other night for example so you you there's rarely a night that I have a full night of sleep and the all season it doesn't bother me as much but you know that as few weeks of prep it and especially if you're then already so lean it's going to it's going to rack up in fatigue and you can't really recover and then you know come peak week we ate the most amount of carbs ever for peak week and I still what kind of carbs rate you're still like a thousand eight hundred because you're such a big guy it was a 1100 a day a day two day straight yeah and then how much did you weigh in at versus your cap Wesley like when you know like what do you weigh it in were you below your cap or just added or how far away are you from your cap so I was wearing a joggers and it t-shirt and was right at my cap at the Olympia so exactly but I did have breakfast so I wasn't fasted so I still have some room to go a little barnold I even yeah at the Arnold I even was below the cap like two pounds with having drank water breakfast clothes on so there's still definitely still room to go so yeah so there's always it's that's not really a concern of mine to get below the cap but every time it's funny because in 2018 it was more difficult for me to reach that cap than it is now because it's the conditionally game it improved so much that's really to be leaner and leaner and leaner every single year that you yeah even though you gain muscle you still weigh less than that they've just showed that like years ago yes yeah and that's like you said as you've gotten leaner and I've seen some you know your pictures and and I've seen how you you've kind of improved through the last five six seven years and you just keep getting harder but you're still putting on that lean muscle mass and people always say oh I'll carb up and all gain six pounds no because by the time you're cutting your water you're also you know a lot of times still drop weight just depending on how fast and metabolism is you don't gain six pounds during a carbup but it's one of those things where as you have a little bit more room you know you touched on the fact that you're just about maybe four pounds above and I guess for your class you're about what is it 252 for you because I know Chris was 242 what was your weight cap what's your weight cap? 249 249 is your weight cap okay so you're a couple of pounds away but with that being bigger and having such a big frame has it ever been a thought for you to do open is that what is your thought process about doing that because especially after seeing Chris doing Prague and and all of those things that had happened is there ever been a thought process because of the fact that you have such a big frame? Yeah there has been before but honestly that was after year after year I was 11th 11th at the Olympia like 14th I was like well I do win the local shows and like the medium-sized shows but I don't really win any of the big ones or place well so it was like maybe I should just go and try to put on a lot more size for the open and see how I do there but then the Arnold of course came around and winning the Arnold Classic for me is like you can't have a better proof that you're a classic physique guy you know so I still have I think a lot of achievements in within Classic physique before I can really take open seriously I won't rule it out completely that I might give it a shot at some point sooner or later but I will never give up Classic physique until I know for sure I've saturated everything I can within this weight cap basically that I have and I don't think I have that yet for definitely because we all know how much one two three pounds of muscle how much of a difference that can make on your physique especially when you are peak right and when you get a little leaner like it makes such a difference overall so I think I still have a lot of a room to grow and to improve with a mad aspect but it's not like I'm saying no to open because if I do open it's like when Chris did it he still looks like a classic body water but then just bigger yeah that's something that would always be interesting to me as well yeah especially when you start to get to that cap like Chris was at the cap right we just it was almost like that look was no longer getting attainable to to get his peak form at 242 and I knew that his peak form would probably be closer to 244 245 but it was just not going to be had properly and so when he was like 252 for Prague if you want to if you two it was a different look but it's still in my opinion like you said he still has the aesthetics of a classic guy but with some added size so I do feel like there was a there was a definitely you to max out where you're at weight wise that's when it becomes a bit more difficult to be able to still attain a really good look to lose Wesley so okay we just lost Wesley just for a few minutes due to the connection but we got him back he's using a different webcam and Wesley what I know you're going up against Mike and you're going up against some of these guys but you're the defending champ you're the what are we going to see in six weeks with your physique are what are you trying to bring are you trying to bring something similar to last year's Arnold or something new can you tell us a little bit about what to expect coming into this prep you know so that's an awesome interesting one because I remember also that Steve Weinberg said about the Olympia if I showed up as I did at the Arnold he literally said who no green would have placed kind of imply that I would have placed a lot higher than I did at the Olympia last year so you know you could say all I have to do is bring that same package which means the fullness, the freshness, the confidence which is what I intend to do but of course we're not sitting still with the training aspect either so that we'll be improved with the weight of the body which will be visible for sure especially in the posterior chain in the wearable bicep which is the lower body and that pose needed some work and we have to work on it we also tweak the pose in there so the presentation will be a lot better and the the fullness will be back for sure with the conditioning people know me for and I'm just super excited for the show so you can expect the same package but just a little better than last time awesome and now with the placings of the Olympia and you coming in with just as good if not a better package with the Arnold what is when I say like Mike Somerville right like what is that come to mind where do you see him in the grand scheme of things now that he's kind of now at second place at the Olympia incoming into the show going against the raining champ yourself how do you see him in terms of a threat he is definitely a big threat because he's now number two in the world and it's an interesting situation because now that Chris is not doing it he is hypothetically the best classic physique guy in the world at the moment which I'm gonna battle at the Olympia but it's kind of almost a deja vu because now again the number two in the world I have to face at the Arnold so you know if everything goes according to plan I can do the same thing as last time and then you know beat the number two in the world but the Chris not being there is still fair and very interesting factor to see will the judges know are they know open to different kinds of champions or what will they choose now because Chris has been so dominant for a long time has always been him against the rest basically so it's going to be a very interesting Arnold and I think Mike is going to be at this absolute best I hope he will be I really think the Arnold because it's an invitation only show everybody there is invited because of something special reason they're there for a special reason and we and there's not so many athletes so every single one of them is very good so I just want to bring an amazing show to the Arnold and I can't bring a high amount of confidence there now knowing that I'm the defending champion and so it's really my goal to win that's awesome and then outside of him I mean obviously it's a great lineup because you can't forget like you said it's kind of similar to the previous year where you had Ramon Dino who was a runner up at the Olympia that you ended up beating so now with Ramon what's your thought process where do you think he's at in the grand scheme of things for this Arnold comparing to yourself as well as the rest you talking about Mike no I'm talking about Ramon like where do you see Ramon in the in the mix yeah so yeah I think Ramon kind of like ors they both are not doing the Arnold so they really want to focus on being their absolute best but focus on one show a year now the Olympia okay and I think you know maybe some coaches or some people say well it's going to be difficult to make improvements when you're doing multiple shows a year so basically that's kind of what I'm experiencing like you're done with the Olympia you have a couple of months to kind of work on improving and they got to go back and to prep again so I definitely some of the safe for it but I do think especially Ramon now has something to prove you know don't he last the Arnold to me but he also lost the Olympia to Ours and he lost a placing because now is number four instead of that number two it was before so number four is a big jump down for him so he has a lot to prove but I think he's also that much more motivated as well to make sure he's not going to be joking around at all it's going to take it very seriously at least that's what I believe and there's also very excited to see where he ends up I think this Olympia also because of that reason because so many guys are gutting for the top spot it's going to be insane that's for sure so the other person that's not in the mix that you mentioned is Eurs and I got to see Eurs in India I got it we had a chance to do a training session together that was that was a blast because Eurs anybody who knows Eurs man he's he's a riot man you know he's always a good time man Eurs is always a good time and and we got to spend some time together get some good meals together and he is such a focused guy you know he is somebody who's so driven and you guys also share the same coach you know and all of that do you guys ever get a chance to train together at all or how how is that relationship it's funny because we have trained together it was actually before the Arnold a couple of weeks before the Arnold I oh I oh last year in Berlin and the gym that he trains at the bunker and we filmed two videos together there as well I think a chess work I didn't have back work out but I forgot a chess workout and this was not on film he was checking out his own physique and that's where I got to see it for the first time in real life that close to a show and I was really impressed by how he looked and but it's it's at the same moment funny because I was so impressed by how he looked back then and I still managed to be them at the Arnold so I never it's kind of difficult always for me to how how I view myself in comparison to others unless you're actually on stage next to each other because in pictures it's so different like even when I even when I look at somebody who's standing right in front of me I'm like oh they look incredible yeah then when someone takes a picture of us together the story changes yeah and that's that's what I'm gonna try and do at this Arnold with Mike the advantage that I have is my height over him yep and I had I had that with almost everybody but with Mike a little more because he's a bit shorter and remote for example so I have to use it to in my advantage at the Arnold classic you know being ocean by Arnold so is it I think it's I can make use of it but then everything has to be right I have to show that dominant physique for sure but yeah or just also a great great guy I think he's doing a right thing when not doing the Arnold even though it's an incredible show but for him he is now achieved his best place in every fuelimpia even though it was third again he did beat Ramon which is my it has been his enemy for a few years as well right so he's been improving steadily I wasn't impressed by what he looked like backstays at the fuelimpia I saw the improvements right away and knowing that he can do that he's still very young I think he can go very far so I think when him taking off this this year basically to really focus on improving fuelimpia I think it's going to be a big difference for him yeah I think so too and he has got so much muscle he got like muscle on top of muscle but it's also the way he presents I think he needs to be able to open up a little bit more and show more width I do feel like that bit more separation would go a long way with his physique but I think he's really cognizant of where about it and he's very studious and he's got a lot of self-awareness so he's working on all of those things right the presentation the muscle separation the detail all of these things to try to bring it to you guys come Olympia time but but I do feel the biggest talk I'm starting to see is the Mike Summerfield is very similar to a bodybuilder and it's a matter of what the judges are going to kind of geared towards right do you want more of a classic lines bodybuilder you have all of you Chris some that type of physique or do you like that a little bit more of that freaky thickness but again Franco Columbo maybe a little bit asking a little bit more or Arnold versus Franco type of thing because again the shoulder shoulder bodybuilder versus the more statue-esque bodybuilder and then how dialed in are they that day and who becomes the best bodybuilder when you look at the overall presentation and look at physique you know because it's it's something I think if I'm completely honest and of course I'm always going to be a little biased because I'm partially talking about myself as well but if you have a classic guy with good proportions and again no one is perfect so not not even Mike not even no one is perfect but let's say there's a classic guy a tall statue as a guy with good proportions is peaked perfectly and next to him is the bodybuilding guy who is shorter but it's our bit more freaky his more dense muscle but he's more of a bodybuilder physique I think in classic physique the classic guy should win I mean that's the differentiating factor between bodybuilding classic physique in my personal opinion because I of course analyze my own physique and sometimes you come across other people who analyze his might physique as well and then they do comparisons between me and Mike for this upcoming Arnold and then they pretty much say in the exact same as you they're like okay who is going to win the classic guy or the bodybuilding guy in classic physique I'm like you pretty much just set it yourself I mean if you're both are in your perfect own shape only then what the classic guy of course win but if Mike is perfectly peaked and I'm not I mean he's going to win because he's tend to better die on stage at that moment so but when everything is equal the guy who looks more classic is going to be the classic winner to me that's the logical step yeah yeah and I think all things being considered right conditioning separation fullness all of those things it is interesting for the judges to be able to pick that out because the judges are the same judges that judge open judge classic so that's what makes it a little bit more difficult and that's why situation like Prague where you have an open bodybuilder Martin versus Seabum and then you turn around to go well who's the better bodybuilder versus who's open and who's classic but who's the better body builder you know so that's why it comes back to that so you know and you watch the you watch the Prague and I'm going to look with this who'd you have winning the show? Honestly if I'm really honest I thought Chris could have taken that show if I'm honest like I love Martin he's also coach for my coach I love his physique but I there that there was something about Chris that was simply no flaw and he had a better confidence like he is he everything was perfect like the tan the shine the presentation like the I like at first glance I was like Chris done you know because Chris when a physique is really well together you can't immediately see when it's bigger than a previous version so I was like only looks pretty much the same until I started to compare him's is to see against his Olympia person was like wait a second there's there's a quite a big difference here so and then when he stood next to all the other bodybuilders and Chris being as big as he is in his static as he is and his top as he is I thought well I don't mind if they get in this victory because I don't really have an argument against it except Martin has a bit more mask here and there in the legs and some poses but overall I thought Chris could have won that show yeah yeah I agree I think that it comes down to like do you look at it as an open versus classic guy or are you looking at it who's the best overall bodybuilder and that's kind of how I look at it too and I think that's kind of what's about to happen with you and I think that with that so that's why I was kind of drawing that out even though you guys are both in the same class it's going to be more of a bodybuilder as physique versus more of a classic physique and who's on is really going to be the day of the show so we'll see you know so I wish you all the luck I know you're taking this call very extremely late it's about 11pm your time and I really appreciate it because I'm really looking forward to seeing the matchup at the Arnold Classic between you and all the top competitors I wish you all the best and I can't wait to see the show yeah thank you very much it is one of the say I really respect you as a coach and a person I've listened to you for many years so I learned a lot from you as well so it's really been a pleasure to talk to you now and perhaps in the future we can do a training session together or something it will be awesome I can always learn for someone like you so I would thank you very much I'll be very very best and let's give that people a great show absolutely thank you so much again guys you're reigning Arnold Classic Champion Wesley Visters six weeks out from the Arnold Classic Hany Rambad Wesley Visters and that's the truth