Welcome to the truth podcast. I'm your host, honey, Rambad, and I'm here with another, none other than, you know, did they ever give you a nickname? I don't have a nickname. I have survived my career thus far without earning a cheesy nickname. And I'm not disappointed about it. It's okay. You know what, some of them are cheesy, some of them are not. These have been some cool ones. Yeah, they're definitely been some cool ones. We know we some cool ones. Yes, so Hunter LaBrada, welcome to the show. Thank you. Glad to be here, man. Yes, again, man. I mean, this time, as we were talking about before we started, it was like your brain dead three days out from the show. I might have been two days. I think it was two days before the show. And I'm kind of, I'm kind of torn about it because I would love to see you compete here this year because last year, you know, you came in, look great. But this year, I know your plans were different. And that's one of the things that I want to really talk to you about. We're going to be watching the show together tomorrow. I'm going to be commentating and I'm sure you're not going to go back and forth about your thoughts, my thoughts, because I'm going to want you texting me, what you think too. While I'm watching. And it's funny because everybody who's watching always texts me, especially when I'm commentating, don't I think we're all, what do you think? What do you think? So in the middle of top three, top two. And I think that what makes it different is the fact that you're not in it. And again, a bit disappointed on that. But I know that you have a rhyme and reason for it. So what is the rhyme and reason for you not doing the text's pro tomorrow and doing the Italy show? Yeah. So absolutely. At the end of the day, it all comes down to timing. Last year, we were in prep for 35, 36 weeks. We found out my body does not like it. So that in conjunction with the fact that I want to do at least the main article that I like to do all three journals next year. So considering those two things, experience we had last year and the knowing what we want to do this next year. We wanted to keep the prep intentionally as short as possible. So if I was getting ready for Texas, I always take at least 16. We started at 18 this time. So if we were going to do that, Texas, the Olympia still another nine weeks. Nine weeks. Yeah, so it would have been another 27 week prep. The way that we have it set up now, being four weeks out on Sunday is it's a 20 week prep total. So sets me up for success next year. Set me up for success this year. Because at the end of the day, it's how we do it. You know, we're talking about those top tier guys. And we're going to go ahead up. We're going to go ahead up at the Olympia. Yeah. And that's how I like it. Well, especially because we trained yesterday. Right. We had a great session because you brought in a couple of your boys. And does guys know your main train ponchois? Yeah, absolutely. So Jordan, who's an eVogen athlete actually. He's been training with me for close to three years now. And then Roy, we actually competed in Texas last year together. And I knew he was local. We had some mutual friends. And backstage, like, dude, you had to come fucking let me show you how to train. Like, let's do this. And it's funny. He tells the story all the time. I thought I was fucking with him at the time. I was like, no, I'm serious. And then after the fact he came, he trained a couple times. Super nice guy. Super nice guy. I thought I might have thought I was going to kill him the first couple sessions that we had. You said that yesterday. Yeah, you guys worked out. Yeah, you guys never going to come back. Yeah. But he kept on coming back. And it's been really cool to watch from change. You know, it was really evident how we're like low hanging fruit. The training was for him. And you know, the end of the day, that's what I love. I love, you know, by I'm on can't exchange training this set. And another, I never want to fully coach people like you do. What I would love to do high level programming for people. Please, I'm looking for an intern to come in and help me out. I don't know. I can't even help you out a little bit. There you go. What are you guys going on over here? Oh, I got why is, you know, Hunter here so much? And I'm like, bro, come over and train with me and Hunter program. Yeah. But Hunter, you know, I'm that. No, God, that would be hilarious. But I honestly think that you guys have a really good crew. I watch it. You guys really smashed the hell out of it. And I think that it was really cool because I saw the dynamic. And I think that so Roy's off season. And then we have Jordan, who's going to be doing this. I'm during his national national. I think he's like 1819 out right now. Right. He's in great shape. And you guys will all get to see the video because we train, we take the tent training session. We also take the pose and he's in great shape to start his prep. And I know Roy is like in the off season. But I know that we talked about like, hey, what he could do better about cleaning it up a little bit to take him to the next level. And I think it's great because you get to really, they're, they're so motivated because you're the leader of that tribe. And it's really cool because you're bringing them along the urgernie. But they're also getting so much benefit from being able to do that. I mean, there's people out there that pay tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to be able to come and train with you every day. And these guys get to do it just for the passion of it. And the fact that you guys have such great chemistry and bringing it into, into my gym here. And then being able to watch that and witness it and seeing how hard they're pulling and pushing and each other. And I thought it was really cool because I go, man, this is what's going to create so much distance with what you were before because everybody's always trying to beat other people on stage. But it's really a balance of self improvement and being able to look at your prior years pictures and saying, okay, can I best this? Yes. Absolutely. And you know, honey, just to touch on what you said, man, it's, uh, I always laugh whenever I hear people talk about body building being an individual sport. You know, you're up on stage by yourself. But you know, anyone that does this at a high level successfully, you know, it takes a village. And you know, to have a village of the quality of mine, it's a pretty cool thing. But you know, at the end of the day, it's one of those, you know, iron chypons iron things. And you know, like the longer the time goes by, you know, the better, you know, Jordan and I and Roy all have an eye on each other. You know, we all know, like the little training cues this set and another. So it's just one of those things, you know, like, yeah, they're getting a cool experience out of it. But you know, I'm getting to be at my all-time best because of it. You know, they always are on time. They're always, you know, like, they're going above and beyond to be on training partners. Not like those training partners that don't show up. Yeah. No, none of those. So it's definitely very, you know, mutually beneficial symbiotic. Like it definitely feels like a team. And, you know, I grew up playing sports. I grew up playing football. So I, I thrive in that environment. You know, it's like I want to perform well for my coach for bed. You know, like I want to do well for my teammates, Ben, Jordan and Jordan and Roy. You know, it's like it definitely has like a team feel to it, which is what I operate best under. That's awesome. I guess what has been the biggest difference between your prior prep. And this year, do you feel like it has a lot to do with training nutrition? Because I really like to want to go over this for the listeners because you've made some market, you know, marked improvements through this year. And one thing that I want to say is that, do you attribute more nutrition training, a combination of both? What do you think it is? So I think it's a subset of nutrition that made the biggest difference for the last year. We're going to talk about this because I feel like it's not talking about a lot. But the difference between last year and this year is I fixed my gut health. You know, for, you know, all of us open body builders out there, right? We've been pounding six meals a day for a decade, right? It caught up to me. So last year, you know, we didn't really know what was going on until we started getting, you know, bloods, pull of like really wondering what's going on, headed into the Olympia. And, you know, stuff was really skewed. It was to the point, or is that okay, we're doing the damn show. But we know something's not right. So after the Olympia ended up doing a GI analysis and a stool analysis and had really bad CBO, really bad Leaky gut and really bad Candido overgrowth. So after the Olympia, it was kind of like a silver lining for me though because you know, it's like, okay, we looked like that with all this going on. Let's fix this and see what we can really do. So fix the gut issues and talk to me about that. What did you guys do? What it was it that you went through in regards to protocol? Yeah. So David Demisquita, Dynamite DN and Scream is the one that helped me with my gut health protocol. And it was three-ish months long and it was a couple things. First it was a low-fod map diet, which, you know, all through prep hours eating garlic and onions, thinking, oh, it's fine. This kind of, like, no, garlic and onions literally are feeding the bacteria as overgrowth to my gut. So, you know, educating myself on what I should be eating, you know, David told me that it should be eating, which is that low-fod map diet, in conjunction with, you know, for those that are not familiar with that, can you just give out a little bit of that? Like, what is that? Yeah. So basically, like, low-fod map, it's a huge, big, long word, but it's basically carbohydrates without, like a certain protein or saccharide or whatever you want to call it, then, as typically very irritative to your stomach. And so, there's, like, lists out there that basically what I operated off of, you know, just kind of got my diet went through, like, oh, that, yeah. So, the, and the eliminate, it's a tough thing. So, like, like, what are the, what was the things that you eliminated and what were the things that you added in, in conjunction with that? So, elimination, we already touched on two, you know, the biggest ones in my diet, like, what I was eating was the garlic and onions, sure. So, eliminated those two that made a really big difference. Another thing that I think made a world of difference that I started as you know, doing the morning gut health drink, if you will. And in that, you know, we do, I do, I do, revives GI plus products with kind of comprehensive GI product. Okay. We'll do apple cider vinegar, we'll do sodium husk, we'll do lemon juice, and then 20 grams of glutamine. Okay. And, you know, I've done that every single morning, so I did a little bit. And I feel like that's done a world of difference, like healing the intestinal lining and just setting my stomach up for the day. Any probiotics or any of this probiotics with the first meal. And I was another one because if your stomach's off, taking probiotics will make it worse, not better. Yeah. That was news news, you're feeding the bad bacteria, you're right. So, once we, you know, healed it and got the analysis back and everything was okay, we did put probiotics in. But that was one of those things that I was like, oh, that's interesting, but it makes complete sense whenever David is like, yeah, no probiotics to be get your gut fluorophics. Right. Because you're adding basic gasoline to the flame because you already had so much inflammation from the bad bacteria. And a lot of people don't realize that the bacterial overgrowth really happens when you go through the first stage of taking a Z-pack, right. And then all of a sudden it squashes out your good bacteria and bad bacteria. And then when ends up happening is you have bacterial overgrowth because of antibiotics. Then all of a sudden, you know, the food supply has so much antibiotics, whether it's through water, whether it's through food that's not organic. And then that kills your gut health. So then you turn around and do that. And then again, bodybuilders, especially open guys are eating six, eight, 10 ounces of meat at a time. And then you're turning around and not being able to always eat organic. Then you turn around and add in things that are very delicious to make bland food taste good. And so a lot of the seasonings that are garlic based and onion based that cause gastric distress. So again, I've had a lot of athletes have these problems in the past. And they'd go, oh, no, no, I don't know. I'm just eating garlic and onions and that shouldn't be bad. And you're like, no, that's exactly what's happening. It was exactly what it is. Right. And then was there any carbohydrate changes in your diet? So for me personally, no, because I'm a big, just white rice and creamer ice guy. Okay. Because our low five, five map carbohydrates sources. Off the top of my head, I don't know which ones are good and which ones are. I don't know if you do so the listeners can hear. But yeah. Yeah, I honestly like what I always tend to do is there's, I'm a huge proponent of gluten and free diets. Natural bodybuilding naturally is very gluten free in general. Some people believe in being able to do bagels and all of this postwork out or doing certain types of cereals postwork out. I'm not because again, all that process shit. I was always about that. I know you used to do some things. I was literally kind of laughing on my head. You're talking about cereal, I was like, oh, God. I honestly, I 100 kilos worth the rice, crit fees. I ate a couple years ago. No, I completely agree. I was smashing rice, crispy and late protein for two meals a day for probably two or three years straight. I think that's a big proponent of what happened to my gut. You're eating processed shit. Right. Right. And again, number one, it's processed. Number two, it's shit because why? Because a lot of the cereal companies are using a lot of different types of chemicals to, as preservatives or different kinds of reagents that are going to be used to be able to make sure. No, it's not going to be crunchy as long as possible. As crunchy as long as possible, and also, it doesn't go bad. So when it doesn't go bad, that means you have to put it in a preservative. And those preservatives build up. And what they're doing is they're literally genetically modifying the foods so that they can handle more preservative and more pesticides so that they can last even longer because that helps with profitability. So all of those things are what tear up your gut health. So if you notice that some of you listeners out there are trainers and you put your clients or yourself on a gluten-free diet, but you don't have a gluten allergy, the reason why that's working is because now you're no longer inundated with pesticides that were on the gluten, not the gluten protein itself. That's why sometimes when you move a broad or you travel and you're like, I'm an idly and I can eat this, but I don't get bloated. Well, because they don't allow those kinds of shit as ingredients. Like the food source is anywhere else besides the US is crazy. My wife looks at cheese in the United States and gets a stomach ache and they're like, I go to Jordan and she's just lobbing her on everything. You know, it's just the food quality is very different. It really is. And I'll feel that traveling. Because if I'm eating out a lot traveling, like in the States, it's like, oh my god, kill me. But if I'm eating a lot traveling outside of the States, I feel good. Yeah, I mean, it's hard because you just sit there and go, wow, why does the chicken taste like chicken when you go overseas? But here it tastes like cardboard. Yeah. Well, it's mass produced in the eat. Last thing you want to do is go to a chicken farm and see how that stuff sure is. Even though when they say organic or any of those things, it's still mass produced to try to keep the cost down. So there's a reason why Woppers are 99 cents or $1.99 or whatever they are now. It's just about cheap processed food. And then even when you go to the grocery store, a lot of the stuff is injected with a ton of sodium and things of that nature so that they can create more weight and more juiciness because of the lack of the natural version of that. Because when you go and I say natural version of that, like the natural, when you go to, when I go to Coate or when I go to Dubai and I'm eating chicken breast, it tastes way different than I'm having Persian food here. Because not because of how they prepare it, it's because of the starting material. So again, I'm glad that you were able to go through that. And I think that was something that you had to experience because I know that you're kind of like, look man, I don't think this is what's going on. But then at some point when you were just like, okay, I tried to change so many things. And those things didn't really make me that much better. Let me go ahead and try this. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and follow my sword. Yes, I made that change. And now you can see the difference. How much of a difference it is. And beyond that, and this is just as important as how you look, like with the amount of research I've done very much. So people will call your stomach and your digestive system, your second brain. And I know no one out there deals with any kind of depression or anxiety when they're in bodybuilding preps. But if you do a lot of your stuff. Yeah, honestly, so fixing that, I'm four weeks out on Sunday and I'm in a better head space than I am, like when I've started preps in the past. That's all. And I feel like that's, obviously I've done some work to make that happen for myself. But I feel like internally, just like everything's kind of tirated down from getting that gut healthy. When you say you did some extra work or are you doing some therapy work as well? Yes, absolutely. Okay. Okay. Therapy, you know, spending some time thinking every morning, meditating, kind of looking in and asking the hard questions. Yeah. Being present. Being present. Absolutely. And more and more of us have to really look into that because I think between social media, who can just really, really polarize us with, and not not talking about your bodybuilding. Because I know when I talk to my guys, when they see somebody else's update, it doesn't matter who it is through the years. Somebody says it's an update. It can be triggering. Sometimes it's just a little bit triggering or sometimes it's a lot because then they try to compare themselves. They don't realize like the person just had a high carb day, they're in good light, this and that and everything else. And again, they don't even talk about it. But I know it's triggering because it's been like that for many, many years. And it was like that when we used to walk into a gym and we're four weeks out from the USA, back when I was working with a lot of amateurs. And what would happen is somebody's like, I saw somebody and then now all of a sudden they started getting a little freaked out because they saw somebody that was four weeks out. And they happened to see with the gym. It was their main competition. And it would trigger them. Right? And then use viral, get anxiety, freak out, it starts questioning the program, where yourself, everything around you, you're coaching your wife, your relationship, whatever it is, right? Everything starts to get questions. Everything's wrong. Everything's wrong and you become the Tasmanian devil and then you want to destroy and, you know, scorch the earth around you because of your anxiety. You want to just try to get it out somehow. And then all of a sudden you wake up and then all of a sudden your David Banner again. And then the Hulk just destroys shit all around him. And you're like, okay, now you're jobless, you're practically homeless, you're, you know, you're whifeless. Now your mom and dad won't talk to you. Everything else because you just kind of went off. And I feel that that was in the past and you'd see it once in a while. But now it's constantly at your fingertips. We have our phones. And I think that's why a lot of people talk about like, see, but I'm talking about, right? How he says, like, I try to, you know, shut off a lot of those things. I don't go on there because I want to be present or I'll only watch certain things on YouTube like car channel stuff or, you know, reviews or whatever it is that he enjoys that outside of bodybuilding. So he doesn't have to do that now. Obviously with a child, there's a whole difference set of focus. But I guess what do you do outside of that? Because we talk a little bit about that yesterday where you're like, hey, I thought I was going to be a little freaked out, but I'm not because I'm so busy at the show. You're with Ben. You got your whole crew. You got to Airbnb up the road and it makes the days actually go by instead of being the other way around. Can you talk a little bit about that? No, absolutely. I think people in the bodybuilding world have done a really good job, but in a bad way of like romanticizing misery and pain. Yes. Like it's like you're not hardcore if you aren't suffering. Like if you're not miserable, you're not working hard in a beauty. I know. Like absolutely not. You were doing yourself a disservice feeling like that. Your body's going to go over your mind is if your mind's in a dark shitty hell whole of the cave all day long, your body's not going to be at its best. And I think that's something that's really able to, you know, I've known, but I was something I was really able to kind of institute this year. And it's made a big difference in the bodybuilding, obviously. But you know, like you said, like beyond bodybuilding, this life in general is feeling a lot more at peace. Well, I think that tranquility that that brings that peace helps be able to understand what's important because you don't really get that when anxiety is high, the shit that doesn't matter, you focus on the most. And I think that's what really propels people and inspired makes people spiral. And I think the way to be able to work around that is what you're doing, right? So you're going in there and you're going in physiologically and fixing your gut. And then being able to, because you're right, it is, your body's actually develops through your gut, you know. And so I think that when you're doing that and then being able to say, hey, like meditation, when you meditate, how many minutes did you meditate and what time it did you do that? Usually 10 minutes in the morning first thing, I'd go outside and just stand barefoot grounded in the sun. It's okay. I'm going to think about some food remation. Yes. Yes. Is that where we picked it up or was after your therapy? Honestly, Ben, Ben hadn't you start doing the outside time? Just he wanted me outside in the sun, trying for 10 minutes. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm not just going to stand here for 10 minutes. We're going to make this productive time. And in Houston. Yeah. In Houston. That's awesome. Yeah. Going to the backyard. Yeah. Just going out there with your posing trunk saw. Yeah. Just getting maximum vitamin D. Absolutely. That's awesome. And then did you start that in the off season? Or did you start that? We started that for prep less. And then we kept it. We kept it. We kept it going. Yeah. We kept it going. And I would do, and Northern California, we'd get a lot of rain during the rainy season. And I would have my athletes also try to get as much sun as possible. But sometimes we get into like El Nino. And I would even throw them in the tanning song a bit early. No. Yeah. Just do that. Makes a big difference with for your body getting that natural light or the artificial natural light. If you keep it get natural. But here in Texas, we don't have any lack of natural light. And then we said that. And then today it just started raining. Rain. Rain. It was funny. But it went to a school up in Boston for my freshman year at college. And that's why I lasted one year. It was getting dark like three o'clock in the afternoon. I was like, no. Did you last the winner or no? No. Yeah. I made it for the whole year. Had a good time. It was fun. But yeah. Definitely Texas boy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Texas is another play. Is there other things that you can be able to share with us in regards to the training differences now? Yeah. What did you change this year? Absolutely. So I feel like probably over the last two years I've had a generalized shift in my training because I used to be like a progressive overload to lie die. Everything's logbooked. If I didn't put five more pounds on the bar and do the same reps or do the same rep or do more and more rep with the same weight from last week, I got fucked up. I was a bad day. And I think that led to while I have always considered myself to train with good form and good control. Cause things to get like maybe a little loose or a little less range of motion than I could be using just because I wanted to beat the number. Yeah. So you know, putting that logbook up and getting rid of the anxiety that comes with it, especially before like leg days and shit because you know, especially like offseason, like leg days come around and it's like, okay. Well, come correct or have a season and the injury and be thinking about it for two days before, you know. So getting rid of that logbook, I feel like made a pretty big difference in terms of just truly being able to focus on the quality of the exercise. You know at the end of the day, we aren't power lifters. There's not a bench press on stage. It's all about how we look and you know, how we look is a byproduct of how well we're able to contract. You know, I'm not one of those like pink dumbbell guys who's, you know, like saying, oh, you just got a squeeze load doesn't matter. Like no, it's very important. But, you know, using the load that you should be using to be able to execute properly is made a huge difference. And then, you know, I talked about this with you a little yesterday when we were training. I wouldn't say I'm like getting into extreme ranges of emotions like the RP guys. Yeah. Jared here this morning. But I've placed a huge emphasis on spending some time in both of the end points. You know, like in the stretch and the contraction really owning the eccentric and then, you know, getting a good contraction, exposing on the way down. But I feel like really placing the emphasis on that before anything else has made a big difference. Especially my back, you know, taking my back through a full range of motion, getting those steps moving as much as possible. It's made a big difference. And I can see the difference because number one, you pose and I can see how much more depth you have in your back because of the range of motion. But also because I feel like what you just said earlier, you're not chasing a number in your logbook. You're chasing a feel and you're chasing an intense hard workout. And I don't believe that you have to have either more reps or more weight to be able to improve. Exactly. You know, it's a fallacy thinking that way too. And I finally got it through to myself. Like, we aren't machines as much as we want to think we're machines. We're a biological organism that's going to have ebs and flows. So, you know, I base everything off of that like I was. It wasn't smart. No, and look, I can, that's why when everyone says no, no, no, you got to have progressive overload and I'm like, okay, so let me ask you this, if you progressively overload with weights, but your nutrition is subpar compared to the previous prep, what's going to win? Nutrition or you're just being a little bit, you know, stronger or thinking you are because you're counting a couple more reps. Yep. It's going to be your nutrition, but you know, by far. And that's why trying to get the different foundations of the prep right is what it really boils down to. So if you're at 80% of your training and you move that to 90% by being able to get better form, better range of motion, better intensity, being able to really lock in the right exercises where the muscle is being fixated on properly is great. But if your nutrition was at 70% and you just go up to another 10% to 80% or from 80 to 90, you're going to see more value from that because there's nothing more antibody than food. I completely agree. Could not agree more with that. And I feel that that's what a lot of people lack. Yeah, kind of like one of those things people are arguing about, oh, no, high volume, low low volume high intensity whenever they can't, they can, you know, missed five meals in the last five days. Exactly. And so instead of saying, hey, man, I missed my PR on my incline dumbbell press and I was supposed to hit one 50s and I hit only one 30s. I'd be like, well, how many meals is your hit? And number one, that might have something to do with it. But number two, you're going to get much more growth if you just make sure that you hit all your meals and make sure that you hit that proper protein load. Not if you're sitting there, it's just constantly just trying to chase a number in the gym. At the end of the day, we're just trying to cause a growth for months, right? That's right. So what happens outside of the gym that actually makes a growth? Yeah, and a lot of people are so fixated on the numbers and like what you said about the logbook. So have you completely just regarded the logbook? It's just a history. It's part. It's history. It's been in my little seat back pocket of my car for like two years now. Well, you've ever hold that whole lot of time. Oh, yeah, I'm holding them. Yeah, I've got like probably five or six preps worth in there. It's cool to look at. No, it is. And I do think that there is things that could be put down for different just being able to review things. But I think that ultimately it's not chasing it. And I think that's what you were talking about, right? That's what you were doing was chasing it. I was chasing it at the level that I was at. It'd be different. I think a logbook's a great tool for most people. But I'm not trying to like pat myself on the back, but for my training and my nutrition and my supplementation, it all be upwards of the 90% we were talking about. I feel like that was the biggest difference. I'm moving that logbook because it wasn't giving me any extra percentages of anything. It was impacting my recovery negatively. And then impacting my mental status. Because like I said, like it got to the point where two days before legs of my go, I got it. That's quite a great set. Like one of those things, like genuinely anxious about it like two days before the work. So I think it's made a world of difference. Do you feel like a lot of it's talk nowadays is talking about how PEDs can increase your anxiety. Do you feel that it's more dependent on the PED or do you feel like it's just generally your mental state? I have a couple tidbits on this one. First, I feel like people read what they see on the internet and then pair it and put it into their heads that that's what they feel. More than anything else. I really do feel that way. That being said, there are some compounds and bodybuilding that like increased anxiety is a hallmark of them. And that's on you to see how you are about your ex to it. What makes one person a psychopath another person going to handle completely fine. That just comes down to seeing what works for your body. Just like everything else that we do right? Yes. I think a lot of is excuses because of people who can't handle their anxiety in general. If you do that, it doesn't matter if you're taking trend or take healer. You are going to be an angry mother fucker and you're going to want to get into a fight because you're naturally got a lot of aggression that you haven't been able to get out for whatever reason. Believe me, feel he can contest a couple of times where him and I went out to him. You'll talk, you're like, we're eye bin like triggered because of somebody or something. And all of a sudden he's like, bro, calm down. Because you don't even take shit and you're like crazy. And I'm just like, yeah, I had a couple of drinks and angrypersion.com definitely came out. I think another good way to say it is a kind of amplifies who you are as a person maybe. Yes. And when you're at. If you have beginning anxiety, it's going to ratchet it up. If you're already kind of a narcissistic asshole, you're going to be unbearable. Like, yes. One of those things. 100%. 100%. Yeah, definitely there's certain compounds that will definitely ramp that up. That's why it's like, I kind of parallel it with being in shape, far enough out. So you can get shredded. If you're starting as a fat fuck, you're going to end up maybe getting lean. But if you start out with a good quality, the Z. And you haven't stressed it yet. And then when you do stress it, in terms of the diet, the cardio, the training, everything's on point, then you'll get shredded shit. It's going to respond. It's going to respond. But it's just a matter of time. That's what's happening with me right now. Okay. Yeah, I really do. Yeah, I think everything's really dialed in and it's responding, which is it's fun to see. And that's both physically as well as mentally. Exactly. Yeah. That's so cool. It really is. Yeah, it's fun to be able to say it. Yeah, it's after, after last year being as long as a year as it was, it's cool to be able to look back and be, okay, that's in the rear view. I know I can suffer and do it like that, but I don't have to do it like that anymore. That's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. Do you feel like right now in the state of body building? Do you feel like it's evolving or do you, where do you feel it is in the life cycle of things? Because we had these different areas. And now as you're starting to become part of the current era, I'm really interested because we're getting into that hyper intellectual, I feel like people are getting information. Like you said though, but a lot of them parrot this. And I think that the same thing goes for like, who should be fans of whom, you know, like with certain athletes? But with this, you have a sense of knowledge and perspective, I should say, as a proper word, that a lot of people don't have, which is your father comes from a very golden era. Yeah, very competitive era. A very competitive era in body building, where a true giant slayer he was, and still looks amazing, by the way. I always think what would have happened if there was 2012 when he was competing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's crazy because... There's so many really good short guys back there that mixed it up with the big boys. Yeah, they got rid of that. I can't remember what year it was. It was originally 202. No, I was, I was, I'm talking about, because I had Kevin English when he won the Olympics in 202. That's right. And he was one of my clients, but I'm talking about like back when Franco Colombo, I believe there was a... That's tall on a short cliff. That's right. Yeah, they had a tall on a short cliff. Right. I don't know. I don't think it was a way. And it was just kind of height, I believe, or something. Yeah. But again, which I almost like more for bodybuilding, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what turned into though the new classic is kind of turning into that. I feel, with trying to create a... Oh, to create a... I could see that for your proportionality with classic. But I guess going back to the question in hand, do you, how do you feel like this era that you're in is different from your father's era? And how do you see it progressing kind of right now? Absolutely. You know, I think first and foremost, got to tip my hat to those that came before me, right? My dad's era is one of my favorite areas. The dude's just, you know, the physique, the way they carried themselves, you know, the way that just the bodybuilding world was, then, you know, like every or not in California and the magazines. And it was cool. It would have been a cool, cool time to be a part of. But, you know, I feel like be a... You know, current state of bodybuilding. When you look back, like, I don't know, three, four years ago, like when Romney won his first one, you heard people just like, oh my god, open bodybuilding is dying. It's... and then you fast forward, you know, two, three years now, four years later and you know, there's... and the top six, you know, anyone shows up off and anyone can flip flop around. Right. And you know, it's gotten very competitive again. And there is a lot of good young guys coming up, which is funny for me to say. I'm starting, like, because I was always the kid coming up. And I was like, I'm starting to get to the mayor like, oh, there's a bunch of guys younger than me competing and open, which is cool, because I'm only 32. So to have a bunch of good, good, good guys coming up, I think it's, uh, I think it's a sign of the times, for sure. Yeah, do you think that what you're seeing right now is it's going to be a mix-up, because it seems like the dynasties are going to be hard now, right? Like the J dynasty, the Ronnie dynastie, the Phil dynastie, I don't think we have anyone that's even that close to being dominant, like that right now. Which is exciting for bodybuilding, right? Because it makes it exciting for us as the athlete too. You know, it was not like, it was like, Phil was winning, like, he was like, okay, he's getting second. You know, like, when he was at his prime, just call it, call it what it is. Right. And you know, like as much as like people, it's say like, no, I didn't train thinking like that. Like it was, it was in the back of the head. Yeah. You know, like so for all of us to be training, when in like a mindset of truly like, okay, you know, it's there to take, like I think that's cool. I think he gets the best out of all of us. Yeah, yeah, I, you know, it would be, it'd be interesting to see Kai's point of view now, because I think perspective changes. Yes. And I think that time changes perspective, because in the moment you have a certain perspective, and then maybe five, 10 years later, you have a different perspective. It's kind of like right now how many people have told me, like, I think Phil should have won the 2018 Olympia, right? You can. And they're like, now they're seeing it, but at the point, they were so emotionally attached to wanting something new that they're like, great, Sean God rest his soul. His, you know, was looked really great in the midsection, but Phil beat him in a lot of poses, right? Pretty much all of them in my opinion. But again, that year, there were so much emphasis on the midsection, but perspective now, I have so many people that come up to me and they're like, yeah, you know, that 18 should have been fills. Yeah, I mean, you go back and look at it and did it, and I'm like, yeah, but again, it took time for people, because now the emotional, okay, some point watching fills rain. I was a Kai fan. Like there was a couple years, I was like, man, I really think Kai should got at this year. Now that I look back on it, no. It's fun, no, and see, that's coming from a Kai fan. No, yeah, Phil, Phil, no. So it's time gives you better perspective for sure. Yeah, it's crazy because it really doesn't so many different things. And I think that as I've gotten older and I can't believe how I'm about to say this, but I've been a trainer for over 30 years. And I go, like practically since you before you're born. Like, I have a lot of kids who have been training people for 30 years. And almost have as many Olympic players. What is it? 24, 24, 24. Yeah, they got me that cool. Drew, you guys are the one off people are like, hey, is that for sale again now? It's just something that they got to coach. 24 Olympic champions, do you get one of these? Yeah, yeah, they're like, is that a Kobe thing? Because I like Kobe's, I always wear Kobe's. I'm actually wearing Kobe's actually today. And it's a Kobe thing, a huge Kobe fan, and I was like, God, man, we cool to be able to match up with Kobe's number. But that was something that was like, I don't know, and keep going. No, very cool. Yeah, very cool. It's like there's not 23 Jordan, 24 Kobe. But I'm not a honey retired. He didn't want any more titles. You wanted to Kobe and be done. That's a Kobe, oh my God. That's hilarious. But I guess for now, okay, the key, go into Italy, right? Yep. Now with the Italy show, are you going to shut it down after that? What's right after that? Is there anything else? Olympia. Okay, so they're, they'll, when it, get your qualification. When Olympia, what do you still have to qualify? I have to qualify. I'm not qualified. So Italy, go in there. I'm not saying this just to say, yeah, I know the Olympia's happening, but Italy's my Olympia right now. Right. Of course, play in some book. Because there is no Olympia without Italy. Right. So that's where the focus is right now. Is there a backup plan? Just in case. I hate a word. But there is one more qualifying show, the following weekend, than the UK. And the UK. Yes, God it. Which show is that? The UK pro, I think. Okay, yeah. Got it. And so if something goes sideways, now is there an instance where you may just do that just to chase the check and say, hey, like, I want to go grab that time. Ben and I talked about that the other day. You know, if they come out and, you know, the prize money is impressive and we're already over there. Then yeah, it might be something to think about. Outside of that. And you know, definitely, I mean, like a game time decision to with my body because, you know, the money is not worth a place to meet the Olympia. Yeah. You know, I'm trying. I'm, I got goals this year for the Olympia. So, you know, winning another show before that if it's going to impact that, I'm not interested in it. Okay, because you're looking long-term. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that's the right way to look at things. I think the people that don't, that chase things like that tend to end up paying for it later. Yeah, and honestly, if we're going to chase checks, let's go chase checks. It like the Arnold's in Dubai. The ring do buy and stuff. I heard that the Dubai Pro ended up raising the prize money. Yeah, it's going to be higher next year. Yeah, did they say what number it was yet? They said 500 total, but you know how the distribution works. So I don't know where it'll end up. Do you know what the total was this year? I don't. I know the prize for first was 100. Right. I do know that too. And I heard that they're raising it, but I just haven't heard an official number yet. I haven't either. Yeah, that's going to be exciting. But I mean, think about that. Just a couple of year ago, we had the Olympia at 300 grand. Right. The Arnold was at a 100 and change. And now all of a sudden, you have the Olympia at 400. You have the Arnold at 500. Yes, you have the Dubai Pro at 100 and going up. You have, I'm sure. I know, yes, and then I know Steve also raised the prize money over in New York. New York. And so you're looking at those numbers. Detroit starting to pay people. Detroit was 30 and then it'll be 50 next year, I believe. Well, and that's what I'm saying. So these things are actually now making sense. Yes. Where in the past you're just doing it for passion and then you collect a check. And then you're hoping that the sponsors and everything else can make up the difference. Which they would. But now, what's really important, and this is what I really want to make sure I emphasize. What's really important is the powers that be that are putting all of these things together. They're reinvesting. Okay. The Olympia, the Arnold. I mean, just all of these different shows that are reinvesting. What's happening is, I think you're going to create an actual aura around the shows that and I guess what I'm trying to say is you're getting rid of a stigma. It's actually probably a little bit clear, a message. Because what was happening before was like, I don't have to step on stage and I can make hundreds of thousands of dollars on being a YouTube star. Yeah. Right. Well, now you can get into the millions for being a good bodybuilder. To be for being a good bodybuilder, right? Which is rightfully deserved. Which honestly hasn't been the thing since the magazine is one away. That's right. And it's coming back, which is very cool. Yeah. Absolutely. And because what took away a lot of those big sponsorships that were just gigantic because there was, it was narrower before. It was narrower and where you didn't have to deal with the TikTok brands and all of those. And so that's why I was always saying. But you have a unique perspective like I do, honey, because you work on the athlete competitor side of things, which are also a business owner of the magazine. I'm an athlete and then also work with them, LeBrona and nutrition very closely. You know, you know, better than anyone. It's hard to justify paying a single person $100,000 whenever you can use that $100,000 for online marketing and social media campaigns. And you get crazy analytics back on it. You know, exactly where your money is going and you don't have to deal with a hard to deal with personality. And you know, it's like, I get it. I get both sides of it for sure. But it's exciting to see that, you know, it's starting to come back around to where if you want to just be a body builder, you can make a really good living doing it still. Exactly. And you have such good perspective because of the fact that, you know, LeBrona nutrition has been around for a while and you have the ability to take the analytics and the data and show, hey, look, this is what it's like and being able to reinvest and where to reinvest in. But which what it's suck in the past is that you didn't have the big prize money to offset the losses of all of the extra revenue that was going into the muscle text and the BSNs of the world. Or, you know, because that's all there were. You know, those were the big guys that would buy 20 pages inside of that magazine. Higher top 10 signed. Right. And then you would have all of these guys that gigantic team and those were the inmate influencers. Now anybody with a really good YouTube channel with good social media, TikTok pages are getting signed and they're not competitors. So now what happens is money floats out to them and goes through them to the whatever brands that they're pushing and then it hurts our industry because it doesn't stay within it to be able to help build sponsorships. I know I work with the top two guys are not only guys that I coach but they're also part of my brand. And I know how hard that is on both sides. Now being able to actually offset some of that saying, yes, we're going to generate a ton of revenue for them. That's what's going to happen. And I don't make a dollar of their money. Like any money that they make for those that question and that I mentioned a couple times does not come to me. So whether it's prize money, whether it's any of those things is all 100% them in Uncle Sam. And even Hottie actually has to pay taxes. That's the death and taxes, right? Right. And even Hottie's only shirt things in life. Yeah, yeah. And that's the other thing too. People are asking, well, Hottie, you know, he's abroad and he's just going to pay it. No, they take the taxes out before they send the prize money. So yeah, they'll take out their minimum 30, 30, 30, 30, 30. Some in fine, you're going to make you feel that that W9 with the fake Tans still on. Yeah. Yes, you know, you feel that is. And you fill that out. And that's what's and then that's it. So it doesn't matter if you live abroad. If you earn that money here, they take it. So all of those things are all taken in consideration. But the nice thing about it is that when Ronnie was making the $100,000 check back in the day and winning the $100,000. So it's actually managed. Yeah, okay. Well, muscle is taking match. And that was that was back in the day. But my thing was the fact that it was like, okay, great. That was still only 100 grand. 100 grand. But now you have the ability to get a straight check, you know, again, taxes. You cannot avoid death and taxes. But at the end, the gross earnings is now 400 and 500 grand. And then if you do the Arnold after the second Arnold, if that continues to keep going on, that was of 125, I think, for first place there. And so now you're really making some moons. Yeah. And then if you do buy or anything else, it just depends on how you get it. Like you said, plan. But there's a lot of money being spent. And also what I like seeing too is some of these influencers, like the trend twins that or just influencers are now getting on stage. But you can compete in. Because that's actually really shout out to those guys. And they're getting on stage. Yeah, are they ready to go out there and turn pro yet? No. But they're doing it. And I got to give them their live their living the lifestyle. They make their living off. Yes, which is cool. Yes, yes. And I already think Sam's solo too. Like, you know, you got to Sam's solo. Who is huge in the industry. And everyone was like, well, what about him? And now I say, at some point, I think he's in a good on stage, too. I think he's a happy guy that would definitely do it. Again, I don't know him personally. Met him. I think it was gotten to train with him. I'm not into Troy. Okay. Very cool kid. Very, very normal for how famous he is. Yeah, very respectful. Met him backstage with the Arnold UK super nice. And you can just tell that he's got a serious nature about him that looks like he might actually jump on stage. And I think that there's some some cool things about that. But I'm just it's a cool time to be a bodybuilder. It is. It is. It really is. Yeah. You know, and I guess for me. Starting to head towards the direction of you get paid according to your merit. Again, at least prize money when I see you know, right? Right, because because before analytics, I got it, you know, it's been money like you said on dollars on marketing. Now we can turn around and at least say, hey, look, it doesn't matter what you're bring to the brand. Now at least you're getting paid by the promoter for being able to be able to do this because of expose because of other things, sponsorships and everything else that can help make that prize money. So, you know, like grand that it can make it worth it again. So I think you're going to start seeing an influx of even more. Absolutely. Guys that are going to want to be able to go on stage at the open level and be able to get into that big money. Yeah. What do you think about this prize money thing with, you know, some people are saying like with the men's classic physique, even though you're an open bodybuilder, 50 grand, most of the shows. I believe there might have been a couple that are a little bit more than that. Do you feel that there should be such a discrepancy or I mean, what's your thoughts? Because I want to be able to say, I know how I feel, but I want to know what like an open bodybuilder who's placed in the top, what have you been as high as way as fourth, fourth, fourth, top five. What's your thought process on that? My thought process on it is as it lays right now. I can completely understand why people feel the discrepancy isn't fair. That being said, once Chris has gone, I feel like that division's popularity doesn't nose dive, but goes way down. I feel like you have a couple really bright stars in classic that are kind of raising the division as a whole. If that makes sense and then once a couple of those guys either fall off or tire or something, it might be a little bit of a low. I think the best way to say it though is, you know, at the end of the day, those shows are promoted and the tickets are sold to people that show up their in person and that want to show up to the expo and the center and other and they're showing up to see the open guys. I really do believe that, you know, the Arnold's the Olympias, stuff like that, like if people are going and buying those $6,700 Olympia tickets, I think they're more than that. Yeah, they're crazy, but they're going to see the open guys and they want to see freaks. I understand where people come from saying the discrepancy isn't fair, just because of how much popularity people like, you know, like Seabomb and, you know, Ramone and Wesley and, or you're Irzy, and, you know, like, there are some big names of dry, ton of eyes to the sport, but you know, it's like, you get out of like that top 10 and I can't really, I can't really say much about it. I don't know who they are. Right. I think it's actually only the top 5, but I was, I was going to say top 5. I'm going to give them a little more credit. No, yeah, but it is what it is. It is, it's, it's, I think it's top 5, but yeah, I do agree with you. And I think that the promoters know because they do allow those analytics and they say, hey, look, what else tickets? But I do think there's an evolution that's going to happen pretty quick here because I think that I think that there's a, there should be a little bit bigger discrepancy between the two divisions. And nothing gets meant to be, guys, I train Jeremy for four Olympia titles and a very proud of that. Whenever you add in the other book and like you just did, that makes it much more interesting. Yes. Is it should be more in the middle between open and meant to see guy agree when you say it like that? That's the thing I always say because again, I don't think we need a lower men's physique. I just think we could, we could just definitely at some point it'd be nice to raise a bit for classic weather crisis and it or not. I do think that we need to figure out a way to do that. Did that would be nice? But again, everything is happening. It's getting better. I'm not complaining. I'm just saying is that when we have to turn around and you have to show more of your physique and you have to show more poses, I feel like there should be something proportional to that because you're bookending it, right? So you've got to create like what you put is I think a perfect analogy of being in the middle right there somehow. But I think that somewhere it lies in the middle and I think that whether or not Chris is competing. I think that, you know, it's one of those things because these other guys are have become that popular. Yeah. And I definitely agree with you that I think we're going to see a shift sooner than later. And that, so it'll be interesting to see where it goes. Yeah. What do you think about it on the girl's side? Does your girl compete? She was a figure pro. She's done. But yeah. So girl's side's tough man because, you know, girls, you know, the end of the day, you know, talk about it from the business side of things. Yeah. Girls are inputting but some seats. Right. You know, the girls are putting their, why do you think that is? I think that the people that are true fans of them aren't it shows. You know, I know those girls have a ton of fans that love to keep up with them and all of the wellness girls that aspire to be on the stage or the bikini girls that aspire to be on the stage like them. But they aren't the people actually physically attending the show. I feel like the butts and seats from the women's side divisions are mainly, you know, a husband, a friend, a boyfriend, you know, maybe some family members. I don't really feel like they're pulling people into the show and getting people to buy tickets. And I think that's where the discrepancy could come from. I have my theory that my theory is a little bit through just that 60,000 foot perspective and what it is is that especially with wellness, I think that some of the wellness stuff that I feel is like really growing. Most of those girls are from Brazil and I feel that those Brazilian fans are, it's just hard from get here. It's expensive to go to the Olympia. It's expensive to go to the Arnold. So I think you're also losing some of those fans that would go. But I think that they are, and I could be wrong. I would have to check with Tamer and the guys that run the Southern South American Arnold or any of those shows. But I know those shows are growing like crazy. Yeah, the turnout of the Arnold Brazil is wacky. See, like the men's open. It was like so loud. It was hard to watch. Well, and seeing that, but also like, I guarantee that it's going to bring in more more people and those butts that you said in the seats because of the fact it's easier to get to. But if you have to get a visa, you have to get on a plane. You have to fly and a lot of those top competitors are from there. So I think it gets a little bit skewed on that end. And I also think that bikini girls are underrepresented. You know, we just had lorily here. And I just think that there needs to be a little bit more of that in the even figure with Sid. You know, it's one of the reasons I signed her is because I just feel like these girls, they, they really deserve a platform. And they work their asses off. And they just don't get what they, you know, deserve in regards of recognition. And a lot of times you need a company to be able to help prop you up in terms of your marketing so that they can be able to create those YouTube channels to be able to really help push you and be able to do that. Because that's why I always used to tell people when I used to help them with their contracts. It's not always about the money. It's about, like if something's going to pay an extra 500 of grand, whatever, whatever the difference is. But also how much are they going to really help push your personal brand, right? What doesn't matter what kind of thing you're going to build your brand. That's right. You know, and how they're going to be able to elevate your brand and really be able to help make you into the next star and maybe travel around, do expose, being able to put content together, introduce you to their audience. All of those things are super, super important. But I feel like, again, it's one of those things that you have to invest in somebody and then they invest back into you because you grow together. And I feel like that's where some of these companies just don't don't believe in that. And I feel like that's a little bit disheartening because I feel like these athletes, they all deserve a chance. Now, yeah, there are differences. And then I think another thing, like on the women's side of things, you know, like speaking from like this, like the business marketing standpoint, I feel like a lot of those companies just because there's so many bikini pros out there with good Instagram followings. I feel like it's just they, you know, love supply and demand thing almost to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like I think that it's really also just in the past, you could turn around and be a banger, right? And then you're just like, okay, cool, I'm with bang and I want to show myself on a thong. But now it's also, you know, that kind of era has kind of been lost. And now it's about connectivity. And so whether you're showing training content or you're really dialing in a person with your journey. And I think that makes it really, you know, want to be relatable exactly exactly. And so with that being said, what is it going on with your channels right now? Are you doing anything else with your, like you and Ben and any of the stuff for the next three weeks? So if people want to like follow the journey, yeah, you know, besides, I know your Instagram is really, absolutely. So definitely pretty heavy on Instagram. Started pushing my YouTube really hard, probably like four or five months ago, hired a videoographer, you know, I've had her traveling with me. We've been putting out really regular content. So definitely putting a push behind that, you know, because I feel like that's a platform, you know, that you can make a lot of money on, but be you're able to show people, you know, your side, you know, like show them who you are actually beyond a 60 second, like sizzle real on Instagram. You know, it gives you a little bit more personality. So definitely placing emphasis on that too. And then as far as, you know, getting content out for prep or doing like a once-weekly thing and prep right now, but like I told you yesterday, I'm coming up. Next Sunday through the following, like Sunday Monday, so over here for like seven days, so I'm definitely going to come catch a day with you. Definitely going to be running camp with Ben, you know, so we'll get a lot of good content out of that. I'm looking forward to giving people like a true, like behind the scenes look of, you know, what goes into it when it's an degree of time. That's great. That's great. And I think that's what really people need to see because all the influencers out there are watching you because you're putting out more content. They're watching Derek, they're watching Haudy. And I think that what's happening is now they're getting inspired. And then that makes them more likely to want to jump into a show. And I think that there's so many people here that are listening to this podcast and they say, God, I really want to do a show someday, but I'm not good enough because I need to get better. And I always tell them, like you need to just jump on stage and do a prep and then you have to have a starting point to know if you can get better. You never try. You never know, right? Absolutely. Because like honestly, like I say it was all the time that people like this is the most miserable sport in the world. If you attach your happiness or your fulfillment to your contest placings, you know, you could be an apple and they like oranges that they can't do anything about it. You're an apple. Sorry. But if you are a better apple than you were last year, you know, like you're shining your less bruises, you won. And you know, like keeping that perspective, like it keeps it fun for sure. A lot of miserable people in the sport that just completely attach themselves to their contest placings. Well, and I think that you made a really good point. It's matter of just making sure that you're really focusing on the journey and not just the end result when it comes to your $15 trophy that you exactly, you know, at the end of the day the journey is what you remember. That's right. That's right. And you're building that discipline that's going to make you better in terms of a person. I have guys. So again, you guys heard me say this a lot. Make sure you jump on stage at least once in your life because I will guarantee you you will learn from it. It'll make you a stronger human being a better human being because you'll be able to put yourself into your own version of mental toughness training. It really, really takes you to a whole different level when you're able to practice skill. It is. Yeah, mental toughness is a practice skill. Sure. Sure. But it starts with a physical. Yeah. Yeah. It makes it big difference. So right now, you're going to be this weekend. Again, by the time this comes out, Rob, when are we going to get this out? The famous last year is 8 a.m. Sunday. Whatever you can, brother. Yeah. So if it comes out after the show, which is going to probably be happening because we got to like going on. But what is your, who's your top three for the show? Who do you think? I think Andrew's going to win. Okay. Um, I think the other, I think Andrew's going to win. I think Louis breed Jordan Hutchinson or Nathan Eppler. Okay. Could go for two. I think that'll be your top four. So basically let's go. You think that Andrew, again, on paper Andrew's the favorite, right? I mean he's his favorite and let's something it was going on. I must something went really wrong. I do feel like it's a fight for second. I'm not saying that to be like rude to anyone else. Right. Right. And if anybody does catch him off enough man could owe to you because that person could really turn around because again, I told you, I was like, oh, you're so close right now. Let's just pull your water. Let's see what happens. Let's go ahead. Ben, call Ben. You know, it's not Tyler yesterday. The check-ins and said really, so why did you deny my contract? He's always like, yeah, no, I told him that I was joking. I thought you deny my contract man to happen. Oh, what do you say? He's his laugh. Oh, yeah. That's hilarious. Yes. And special shout out to Tyler Manion. It says birthday today. Oh, so it's his text of dirty, dirty. Um, so happy birthday to Tyler. We're going to work on the weekends like usual. Always. Always. And what's going to be great is the fact that it's going to be a little, a little, sworey afterwards that he will not know about. But now I can talk about it because it's not coming out. There is no surprise. The prize. Tyler. We got some really cool stuff. Yeah. Yeah, Edela is a fiance. He's got some cool stuff planned out. So they're getting married two weeks after the Olympics. Yeah, I'm going to then last night. Yep. Yeah. That's going to be a lot of stress. I'm going to go right from the Vegas Olympic. Yeah. I'm going to blow and then go in and I guess then they're done for like their little off season. The be nice. Just take a breath after getting all that. Yeah, he's been grinding because he was in Dubai. Everybody was out there. Yeah, I feel like everyone's been all over the place lately. It's been one of the videos because we have the Airbnb right now is like Tampa. Then my show, the Leather Brown Classical. That's what you can. And now this one as I do. I'm sorry. That's awesome. But you know what it is? It's because of the support is growing so much and it's going globally, which is even better because now that's why you're seeing these types of things like Dubai. So again, guys, thank you so much. I know you got to go because you got to get your meal in and I really appreciate the hell out of you coming out here and coming back. You know, back to the back being able to do the podcast. It's always a pleasure having you here and like said whenever you come back next week or whatever it is. And now be up next Sunday for a week and we'll definitely come catch a day with you. And then like I said, man, once you get hot you over, I'd love to come train with you all the day or two. That'd be fun. It was a great break the internet. Yeah, let me know guys. Get broken by hotty. Let me know what you'd like to see when it comes to hotty. If you guys want to see hotty and hunter the H&H squared. Yeah, triple H because that's in the honey. Yeah, that's the real for Renton H3 for that day. Oh, up to the gym and made you free. Yeah. So guys, go in the comments. Make sure you like subscribe and share because it helps the algorithm. So if I know you care, I'm going to put more of these episodes out and make sure you follow Hunter if you're not. You're crazy and make sure you subscribe to his YouTube channel as well because he's putting a lot of time and effort into it. So once again, honey ram bod, Hunter La Brada, and that's the truth.