I heard by my mother chat and chat. I can't feel that what's good is really sick. It's split. My bad frees is sprint. It's longer for Tuesday, five down in these freaks. It's an 11-goofall forward. It's something sure. It's extra. You want to value it. Oh, my God, big mud turtable kid. Shout out, scoping off, like talk it. If it's in ex-subrid, the highest floor, the whole world who goes goes behind your ideas. Also close to cut their best shots. We are ready to go to Miami for the young LA event. It's going to be awesome. We got big Ronnie. He's coming. We got Jay. Another legend. And then we're going to have the trend winds. We got the whole crew going. Shizzy. So I can't wait to catch up with everybody. We're going to have a great time. So this is going to be a blast. Let's go to the bus. We're going to go grab dinner with some of the crew that's based out here in Florida, part of our Evigen Sales team. We got Donnie and G. We're going to go ahead and go to places. Pretty famous. Komodo. Let's go try it. See if it's any good. Or it's all hype. Just going over some of the workouts from the FSC7 app. I'm going to hit a quick chest workout before we go to the young LA block party here in a few minutes. So again today's chest day. I've been hitting the last five days on my fitness journey with this challenge with all of you guys that are a part of it. And if you're not, definitely you can kind of track what I'm going to be doing for the next five more weeks because it's been week one is almost completed of the challenge. And I'm going to hit up my crew workout. Obviously, huge, huge believer in a queue. That's why I made our glistoral solution six years ago. And it's cool to see that other brands are now starting to jump on board. And we've been educating on that for over half a decade on that product. But doing that with some extreme because I want to get pumped up and also have some focus in extra energy. So instead of caffeine this morning, I didn't do any coffee. I'm just doing a scoop of extreme. Half a lid of a queue, apple to go with the watermelon. And then hit some chest. So I got Nick back home, Evelyn Nick, who hit chest today. And I got us to keep up with him even though we're traveling, no excuses. We're going to get this done. And the biggest thing is consistency. I don't think I've been this consistent years where I went five days on one day off here. Yesterday, while we were traveling, to get day off, I was super sore. Today, I definitely felt better. I got nine hours sleep and eight and a half hours sleep. So I've been tracking everything on my ordering to give you a little taste of what I'm doing on that in. Also, aura helps track that. So if you use aura, you could use all kinds of programs. But I got my 84 sleep score, which I'm very, very proud of, then on top of that, total sleep was at eight hours and 30 minutes. How much I would get for the entire week of the Mr. Olympia eight hours and 30 minutes a week? And I got that, I don't want to die. So again, it also tells you you're rammed, you're deep sleep. I went to bed late last night, which that's the timing. It took me eight minutes to fall asleep. And everything else, you know, efficiencies at 92%, feel like a million bucks. Mental clarity is great between the sleep and being able to get the workouts in early and being able to do that before my day starts is a huge, huge plus. So I advise you guys, if you're in your fitness journey, you got to make sure to try to get that in early or early day. If you can choose that now, if you can't because the kids, because of everything else, then by all means, even if you can just do cardio in the morning and do some weights in the midday or at the end of the work day, that works out too. But just make sure that you create consistency, because you got to build those habits back. But another thing is that I was listening to Peter Tee on his podcast and he had brought it in an expert on focusing on being able to build good habits. It's all about consistency. It's not just the 21-day rule that they used to think. It's about also rewarding yourself. So whether it's just that cheat meal a week or getting something in, that's a treat right post workout that you normally wouldn't have, even if it's a little bit of sugar from a smoothie, anything that you can use to be able to do that. Now, all of us need that because some of us are a little bit more trained on being able to train consistency. But if you're trying to reset, those little cues will make a huge, huge difference. So shout out to Peter and again, he has a fantastic podcast. If you don't follow it, you should definitely check it out. Peter and Tee, Dr. Peter and Tee, he's very, very good at what he does. He's based out in Austin and check out his podcast and I also want to be able to just say, hey, look, for everybody who's following this journey for me, hopefully you can get a little bit out of it for either your clients or yourself because again, I'm trying to put myself first this time for once in a long, long time. So you do that also when it comes to putting on that oxygen mask, you've got to put that oxygen mask on yourself first before you're there to help your family, your friends, and your career. So let's get this workout done. Oh, I guess. So again, I use Pinot equipment because that's what I had on my gym, but I do want to talk about techno gym because that's what we have here at the hotel we're using today. And it's not a bad machine. It's still good, but there's a difference between good and great. And let me tell you what it is because I haven't used the newest techno gym in a while, and this seems to be pretty new here. And you do feel good doing the exercise, but you don't feel the tension as it gets harder. It should be getting harder and you should almost feel a little more resistance. And what I would do differently if I was giving some techno gym some advice is that it feels almost like the amount of tension is all the same all the way through even though as you go up you tend to get stronger at the very top of the range of motion. You don't feel that that you would on a Pinot a piece. And that's why it's good sometimes to really get perspective on other manufacturers. Because there's shitty ones there, then there's good and I think techno gym is good. But then there's great. And the reason why the difference between great and good are so different is the fact that you feel as you're going through a perfect example of this through the range of motion on the press, you feel the tension more on the Pinot a piece as you're flexing, you're tending to want that extra tension almost like you're flexing on stage. And that's what you get when you use a Pinot a piece. Now again, not bad, good machine. But I've used them on cruise ships, I've seen them at the hotels, I've seen them in some gyms. But I would like to feel more of that throughout. So again, it's tip for you guys over at techno gym but I just want to say hey, still good pieces of equipment and if it wasn't good I would tell you that. But I just want to be able to really point out the nuances that I feel make a huge difference in the types of machines. But obviously we're in a hotel gym, so I'm not expecting it to be a best bodybuilding gym out here in a hotel. But at the same time I do want to give you some perspective. We just got done with the chess workout, abbreviated version before we do the young LA event. One thing I do want to mention is a lot of people are asking about what is the recovery, what do you do for recovery? Remember stretching, super important. Massage when you can get it done, super important. Some people really like to do the sauna. Absolutely great. But also taking ingredients like the adaptogens like KSM 66 Ashwaganda to help you sleep is going to be a game changer for you. So if you haven't had a chance to try that yet, make sure you give it a try because it goes really above and beyond when it comes to deep sleep. And then that's what's going to really help you with your overall recovery. Let's go, people. I'm going to have a big one. That's it, slow, slow. This is what's going to right now. He's doing the weight rest. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. That's the way to make it look more trap. So you can get it. This is good. That goes ahead a little bit like it. I'll do it like that. I hope you're ready. You can just shoot these buttons and turn this shot up. I'll say it all. For the real, the national received your slice. There's a lot of big Matties out there. But you'll know that many each one's on. And a big stick for the sea my favorite. Let's go, people. And that's the seven flex sets. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot. Good shot.