What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Geowath Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Berry. I'm Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by you. Yeah, you. The people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support. We're brought to you by Trunutrition.com. Use our code Think Over There. SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. All right. So listen, Andrew stitched together for us. An immaculate piece of art actually. This is, you literally put together pictures. Everybody who is qualified for the Olympia and you listed how they got qualified. I listed there the last time we saw them on stage. Oh, that's what it is. So the picture is from the last appearance we saw of them on stage. Will occurs in the day. I mean, come on. Well, I actually first asked chat GPT to do it for me. Oh, it's smart. And it responded. We haven't responded saying it couldn't. So then I actually had to do it myself. The only person that's not in these groupings is Be Roots because he will not be my understanding. And he's not able to come and get a visa in the United States being for my run. So he's the only one. And where he, we could we talk about where he would shake things up in this mix. But I organized it into tears and I'm not, I love it. Yeah, I organized it in a sense of like, based off of, Okay, where did you place in the most recent Olympia? What has been and obviously Nick didn't do the Olympia the last two years? But what has been your trajectory in the most recent shows? And what has been your MO in the Olympia as you have been a part of? So this is my, my top six or at least the grouping that I'm considering. The guys we should talk about in the top six. Samson, Hadi, Derek, all Olympia champions themselves. Nick, he won the New York Pro this year. Martin, he got fourth and a breakout year last year at the Mr. Olympia. And then I guess I'm going to say like the the mystery dark horse Andrew Jack, who if he could just dial it all in and get really conditioned. Yeah, he might be able to blow all these guys away. You know structurally and it's crazy because he goes to our gym now. And it's kind of cool in the times I do get to go to see him training a little bit. But I don't know, it's one of these things where we don't really know what these guys are looking like right now because none of them are posting any pictures. Yeah, you know, two, three or three and a half weeks out. So I won't say that Samson had that really nice guest posing six weeks out. People can just look that up on on Google. He was in great condition for six weeks out. Yeah. Hadi is we know he's going to be in condition. He's he's going to make it. We know he's going to be able to make it over. My understanding is that he signs an employment contract with the Evagant every year. And so he gets in on a work visa. And because he's been doing that several years in a row, he gets preferential clearance, I guess. Trust in traveler. Yes. Yeah, exactly exactly. But what do you guys like out of the mix? I'll say this man. I would love to see Andrew Jack step up. You mentioned that, you know, if you were to bring it in, I feel like he still needs a little bit more size, honestly, when I've seen him. But yeah, I'm going by seeing him in the past. I felt like he needed more. Maybe he's brought it up. You mentioned Samson and that recent guest posing or recent appearance. I think that his conditioning there says that he is contract to be his best. If Samson comes in, absolutely freaking head to toes diced. With the fullness, the roundness, all of that. Like, I don't think that anybody is going to be able to beat that. He's just absolutely depredious. But, you know what, man? It's like the day, all these guys really, let me, let me say this. All of these guys in their play things, it's going to come down to how they nail their peek. It's not like any of them are that much better than the others. You know, I mean, maybe just what I know of, I would say if I were to take this a tear further, I would call it Samson, Hottie, Derek, and Nick. Yeah, I agree. That's if I were to like try to boil it down further. Boiling it down further from there. I don't know, man. Tell me, what do you guys hear about Derek lately? Because I haven't heard a lot. Like, you know, like people are talking about Nick. People are talking about this guy. People are talking about that guy. We saw Samson. I feel like Derek's quiet, but maybe it's just the social media that I've been seeing. Um, I mean, he did just open his gym three weeks ago. So to the public, so who knows there might be the added stress of that. Yeah. But, um, I mean, I don't know. I don't know how he's going to look. I haven't seen it lately. I see him in my 40 all the time. I'm not really sure. I will say this that if gunned in my head, like, who do I think is going to bring their best look, but without a long, without a doubt, Nick Walker. Yeah. And just seeing his motivation talking to him, you know, I'm good friends with Kyle's coach. And, you know, I did get to see some exclusive picks. All right. Recently, Nick is far above. He was ahead of schedule when I saw these picks. And he was a lot bigger than he had been earlier this year in a good way. So, um, I think this could be that if he nails his peak of him, and Kyle nail it, I think this could be his year where he becomes Mr. Olympia. And he believes he can. Nick has never had the, Nick's had momentum going into other shows before. This isn't the first time that people have gotten behind him. But I would say I have never seen people get behind Nick Walker, like I have this year. And I think that he believes in himself more than he ever has, too. By agree. Um, with you guys as far as I, but I'm going to switch one. I don't know if it's because I, well, I've been in the sport a long time. So I, I fancy myself as someone who can put aside biases and, you know, either friendships or the fact that it's my client, you know, or something, something along those lines, I'm pretty good at that. And Andrew and I've talked about that in the past. I have Samson, Hottie and Nick in top I. Want to believe. And I think Nick should be able to beat Derek. Now, this is where the, I don't know if it's necessarily biased, but it's a, it's something that I look at. I don't like Derek, Derek, you got a great physique. So before the Derek minions crawled down my throat, I don't like my pants and everything else. He's got a great physique. I don't like that. I don't like the conditioning. I don't like the, what people are finally starting to talk about. The volume, but, but a lack of separation. If we just look at Nick's arms, no one is going to win the Olympic on arms, I'm just making a point if you look at Nick's arms. And you look at Derek's arms, there's right there, too. There's a lot going on in the last stuff that I think that could take the You know take away from the condition too, but let me compare Derrick's condition to like Victor Martinez That's what I see when I see that physique to me. This is just me He's riding on structure and shape more than he is condition because if you break that conditioning down It's not that it's bad But it's not dry and can hard. Howdy hard dry. It's it's maybe he looks great It's a little it's maybe a different type of condition, but take take this for what it's a word. Yeah, take this for what it's worth Seeing Derrick at the Arnold and like having pretty good seeds I can say this I Don't think that I have ever seen a better bodybuilder in person in my life the peak that he nailed there It was the most Austria and I'm not saying that as like oh man, I'm rooting for him But just like trying to be objective. I was like holy crap that can be there Yeah, there was a wild factor in the condition was part of it man I hadn't seen anything like it was one of the best looks if not like it's right up there I can't think of anybody else that I mean there's other guys that had different wild factors I'll say I'll leave it at this one of the absolute best Physiques I had ever seen in my life that specific peak in person There's no doubt in Derrick as a beautiful physique right and I think which skip is referring to though is He's condition in certain like his glutes and hamstrings are completely dialed in but from the front We're just not seeing the same kind of action in the upper chest the deltoids Yeah, even the lats whereas you look at a competitor like Haudian Nick who are probably gonna be the most Condition guys in the show those guys have detailed that just crawls out of every crevice You know lines everywhere no no stone unturned in terms of conditioning So it's just different physics right and then Samson's kind of in the middle of those of those different groups He's got a beautiful physique he gets pretty good condition But I and again, I don't know if it's lighting because I've never walked away from a show being like wow Samson was peeled You know, yeah, even whenever the Olympia I didn't think that it was like that Crazy, you know 100% but you know what man? I can think of other guys that had that were pretty like burning curry when he and that was he said that that was his favorite Look the year he won the Olympia. I liked him at the Arnold better when he was more peeled than that You know, but yeah, and that's why you know it's a subjective sport, right? It's yeah, and I say that by the way about Derek like not saying like oh man I'm rooting for him you guys you know like I'm I'm just saying like that's my like as objective as I can be like holy crap I wish you guys could have seen that right there But you know you're right because when I think of what I was looking at it's like the side shots Where you can see how etched out the glute in the hamstring was and all that you know what I mean It was but not in the yeah, I know that you're right the chest has been the the flaw hasn't it I've never seen I don't think I've seen Derek on stage But having seen like Nick on stage of both the Arnold classics several years ago and then at the New York this year That's kind of how I felt the way you're describing Scott of like This is one of the greatest physics that's ever walked on stage in terms of nailing a peak conditioning Maximizing muscle tissue per you know square inch on the body And that's not to say that everything will athlete up here does have some flaws Scott, I did understand you have I think your picture just a minute ago of hotty that I do want to show here because he is a one guy that showed a picture Of most of his physique in a in a time frame And I think we should probably show I did reach out to Nick I'd reach out to Derek a couple weeks ago you supposed to be on my podcast and he canceled on us or he'd know he just know showed us So I wasn't gonna reach out for For pictures from him. Yeah, I don't know happened there, but Can I make a comparison while you're doing that? Yes. Oh Sorry, I was pulling the other one. No, that's okay. I know I'll change I thought it would take one I'll go back I'll go back to it a second. Here's that picture So that was him a seven and a half weeks out I Think the man's gonna be in shape. Yeah, yeah, look at that thickness Yeah, and oh, and I just watched a video of him I think it was three days ago. He was shrugging. I think it was seven or eight plates aside Of course he was I mean, and we've all seen the squat videos with him squatting Five plates for ten reps, you know backsquats. No Smith machine regular backsquats and doing lunges with three 15 So if there's ever a guy a poster child for you better not lose strength during prep hoties your guy Yeah, yeah, let me ask you if you guys see this or not It just might be the way my brain works. It's a little off But it's almost like he takes hamson and maybe he's the 20 24 20 25 Lex Wheeler then he go over to hotie and you see a 24 25 Sean Ray and then when I say this With more muscle that's why I'm saying 20 24 20 25 and then when I look at Derek I think of an arguably better or in this generation J cutler. That's so bad Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, if I was looking at it kind of skewed It's like if you totally got it and you added more size we have similar looks in and the J cutler Derek comparison is again because of conditioning Yeah, J was always in condition, but it wasn't The Beale exactly exactly You're right J did reach that conditioning in his first Olympia Fair enough. I mean, that was my that was literally my favorite my favorite look at J color was that in Yes, he didn't have the same size that he had when he eventually started winning them, but the peak of the him and Chris As you know had that that one blew my mind you know detail everywhere But now if I Go ahead Say my only Criticism I guess of Nick and God do I hate To crit like give any type of constructive criticism when Someone so Zika so much far in above what I've ever accomplished, but so take it you know for what it's worth But I find that the three on top aesthetically are more pleasing to my eye if I were a judge Than Nick and that says a lot I think because I genuinely like Nick I like everything about the guy I love the drive I love the support system He's gotten places a good dude, but I don't that's the only thing that makes me go Sure, be even his best may not be able to pull it out But I'm gonna I'll be the first one to be jumping out of my chair To be composed off it'd be like yeah, you know, yes, this is freaking awesome I would agree with you skip if we didn't see him at the Pittsburgh next to the Yeah, and and Martin pushing and and I don't think the complaint I don't think they're ready complaints of like and he looks a little wonky or his structure is not as good as state It was really a do you think Derek one or do you think Nick one? You know, yeah and you make that's a very good point But let's go now this is this is me playing the other side Let's go to into the judges head for a minute did he Derek win because they Quite possibly I mean, I know obviously it's a gas, but that's what I it's like and when you get to this level It's got to be really hard to judge because it's not apples and oranges But it's very well For our labor genius it's like what is your threat like it's like how do you do this? It's not like well he looks so much better from the front. No Yeah, they're all so good so much better and that's why I'm saying skip I think it's gonna come down to a lot of it is gonna be their peak You know like who nails it you know who nails it and she does it we always expect like any time we do these predictions We're as like assuming everybody comes in exactly how they want to come in right? There are best their best in our head. Yeah, so all those would say the say those four who is more likely just your opinion Who is more likely to not come in peat? Not more likely but who's less likely to come in peat like Camembert because it's not it's not a hundred percent usually I would say Samsung Derek that's what I'm saying statistically I think the same thing. Yeah, I mean, how do you has you can argue say he was a half percent off at the last Olympia maybe you could not really but of you know maybe it's just because Samsung would better than he did the year before But Nick and Hottie seem to nail their peaks. I think their their coaches are very good at manipulating water They're very good at knowing exactly how much to fill them up before it starts to crowd separation Yeah, I think they're they're the odds on favor to nail their peaks. I think that Derek will have a better Probability this year working with the Ceto I think that they've gotten to learn his body a lot more now And I so I could see him statistically doing better with Chris Now with Samsung and here's the thing I feel like any time you critique the champ and maybe it's just Samsung But people get really defensive his wife isn't somebody who is peaked a ton of people over the deck Gades, you know, so Statistically I don't think it's been done as many times you know With him so I think that that net self could be a potential place That said it's not like she's dealing with anybody else. She's seeing him literally every For me that's when I was gonna so it could be me. I mean times as you peaked him it could be an advantage I mean, yeah, you mean where she making the calls like a babe actually you should do this You know what coach was saying and then right might have worked I mean yeah, yeah, I mean I'll give you a quick one. I mean years ago I don't remember I think it was either universe or I don't know but John Metos He was like last great for what she thinks you know Post or and let her let me know what she says, you know because he's like she looks at you every day She's the one taking your pictures like a dryer. You're not dry. You know, yeah the lighting's not great rely on someone that that sees you regularly But before we go off the next slide we didn't talk about Martin much and I think that's because Martin reached a new pinnacle last year and then I think we yeah, maybe all collectively Thought there's a little bit of a let down this year. He didn't necessarily move forward or he didn't necessarily Achieve that same Olympia peak and and you know that got me thinking about it when we're talking about who's likely to nail or not nail their peak And we've seen some up and down with Martin over the last, you know 2018 months so You guys think Martin stays in the top four five I think that no matter what it's gonna be really tough and for me to answer that question I want to see the next grouping too because some of those guys could be part of what's yeah You know push before you pull that up. I'll go out I'll go on the record side. I don't see them in the top four. I could see him potentially pulling the fist spot But I do not it just my opinion. I don't see him. Hey, I've been wrong before The viewers have pointed out that I was wrong before hey, the right piece So the right peak on him and the wrong peak on somebody else could change everything No question with the upside for him is just huge right? I mean the the potential is all there so Yeah, I agree Before we did move on to the next grouping though I did want to I want to throw this out there just one of our listeners, Dan So he's gonna call Samson Nick Hadi and if he makes it oh, how do if he makes it and then Derek and then Martin and I want to also also ask What do you guys think at home? You guys comment. Let us know and I'm gonna add to the right now I feel like you guys tell me if you've noticed this Body building fans I think are more passionate than they've ever been like You hear people arguing more now like I don't remember people arguing like I hate you basically If I think that's just social media and job Maybe that's what I'm only I can't disagree with you, but I think it will runs across the runs the game Well, you're right though Scott because there's so many body building podcasts There's so many body building specific pages that Fans from all over the place can go and argue about their favorite guy or you know it's funny because I read one where someone was trying to say like Nick's legs were shit And I'm like okay, wait shit like come on Like shit is like the guy who plays fourth place at the local show, you know, he doesn't have legs But to say something like Nick's legs are shit. It's like come on All right, this is the next year and these are guys that I mean one I'm really excited about to see how he does against these other guys is Earth You know, he just went to shows back to back He put on something like 30 pounds from his class at cutoff to what you see on stage in this picture and I want to say the first show He did I felt like while he was deserving to win They overcarb the shit out of him and he just kept a separation and then I think they learned for the second show Last week where he brought much better balance in terms of separation and dryness and fullness So I Mean I actually have a bet with one of my one of my buddies on where he's gonna place I won't say it out loud on this podcast, but let's just say I have them a lot higher than I think a lot of people do What do you guys think? I speak of myself once he gets out of the top five It's a roll All right, I mean because it's a man there What it is because there's also not that predictability as the as we move to like through tears We're also moving into I don't want to say lack of consistency, but not the consistency of knowing how they're going to show up So it makes it easier for me to say you know us to say wow we know how hot he's gonna show up It's gonna be pretty damn close to what we're thinking about in our head sure arguably with Nick too Okay, and maybe it'll depend if Derek is you know Dry enough for tight enough same same with SAMHSA But when you get down into the next tier then it's it to me. It's kind of a roll the dice. I mean It's it's gonna again coming down to the peak I think that top four top by I think the top four is unless there's just a shocking Oh my god type of thing I don't see the top four changing but that's just a study show create 10 doesn't just fuel your muscles It fuels your brain research links create into improved memory focused and mental clarity Especially while under stress and helps reduce mental fatigue supports learning and may even protect long-term brain health I order my creatin from true nutrition use code think it check out to get 10% off and support this podcast Power your body and your mind with true nutrition creatin by the way This is my actual morning routine mixing 15 grams of creatin into my oats no flavor no texture and hey Since I got married we stored in this fancy jar so it doesn't look like my wife lives with a bro But hey if you're single just leave it in the bag on the counter. It's totally fine Okay, well let's take a distraction because we've got some of the old guard in this group being between Said right I was said said right now between Brandon Curry a few Williams and and Edward, you know, so what do we do we think they're gonna continue sliding? I say yes, yeah, I don't I'm not saying I want that but I would say yes Let's we see a gunter shler camp You know someone show up all of sudden that is just like oh crap You know he goes from 10 to second or I don't know what the what the plays he was I've got too many shows. I've been brain for too many years before I mean unless it's just something extraordinary there I don't see anybody in this tier being catapulted up and being kind of a shocking like wow he killed it But well I will counter that because I think the one guy that could really Crack into maybe breaks some hearts in the top five would be good veto I was waiting for it. Sorry. It's not right man. That's what I was gonna you know no no no take it dude You keep going I was gonna because I was just gonna turn it to you and ask what did you think of good veto? Kind of lead me in that direction. Yeah, so we didn't get to see him on stage for the the Pittsburgh show and and he was training at my 40s It was kind of cool to see him do some posing and whatnot He's got an exceptional physique and The guy knows how to get peaked. I don't know who his coaches But I think I know it's a seat oh, sorry. Oh, he's not a seat oh yeah and Yeah, he won the what I say the Arnold Brazil right yeah and I look I look those pictures up because there's so many pro shows now That right aren't necessarily in the US that you forget that there's so many great physics and so many great guys that win some of these shows He's got a physique that if it's not this year that he's cracking into the top six I think it's very very soon he will be yeah He's his leg separation size muscular development His legs are crazy man. Yeah, he's got ridiculous like if if there's anything I'd like to see a little bit more thickness in the lats and again, you know like skip said picking apart Guys that are eons better than you Yeah, yeah, you know And I do want to point out actually after I put this together I did find out Raphael is out of the Olympia Okay, he won't be competing and I guess like an idiot I put such a susan up their twice I noticed that I wasn't gonna call you out Just give me better odds, you know, but I want to point out about sauce is I don't know what kind of physique we're gonna get out of him because He competed I think five shows earlier this year. I mean between Detroit Dubai New York He did I can't remember if he did Pittsburgh or not he did Toronto Meas it you can't five or six any cat coming up against like almost getting it almost getting it you know Trying to get the qualification until he did I thought he looked phenomenal at Detroit like like between Him and Barnock I thought they both looked incredible you know and and deserving to be in this realm But are you thinking that maybe he's not gonna be able to hold what he had earlier on? Well, I mean I've never competed in seven shows in a season so I don't know what it's like but I'm good again I'm not a professional in the level these guys are right? Yeah, so Maybe he has just structured his health phases his lifestyle with stress and everything that as soon as he got done Computing earlier in the year he really distressed got as a dream. He'll figure it out and Maybe made a little bit more progress. I mean Who knows this could be his best show ever? I don't know. I think one thing he did show is that a guy like him can take two years off from the stage and come back and hang with most of the best of them and And win shows and be in the top three and what four five shows So yeah, and here's the thing that I've kind of noticed about Sassan because I I knew him from you know back before He had always been and and I really see it now I don't think that he's got a push super hard with the supplements to be able to get where he's at I don't think that he's been redlining it and I think that that is you know obviously gonna work on his side to be able to continue doing it What's the name is Beating myself up over here the 2025 you're open what what what what's this? First first Colonsky okay Of all the physics up because I just could not get it of all the physics up there as far as just pleasing like if I said if God came down and said You have to choose someone's gift to change physics with I'd want that physique more than I do the other physics up there to me. It's and I understand I you know I see yeah, I'm just gonna be bigger you know things like that But that shape to me. I just look at something like that and they go so if I was gonna play favorite side say Man, I just I really want to translate well Do well, but it with more stuff. I know That's the government road. Yeah, yeah, for the last six seven years good good luck So that one's kind of I want to say it's up for grants, but who knows good how that's gonna play out I mean I want to see Dorian in the mix only because he has turned a corner just to see where are you gonna stack up? Against these other guys with having turned that corner and now your condition isn't a place that it hasn't been before So it's there's gonna be some fun in there I think hers has room you know To what you're saying Andrew both you guys he's got room like I'm excited I think we're all excited to see you know what he does in the next couple years The knock on Earth is his back, you know, he It's not wide enough yet from the back and it doesn't have the detail and The tissue coming out at you, you know from from the backside so and some of that could have been peaking You know, maybe just wasn't dry enough in the back area and some of these shows, but I think for him to Catapult as a regular say top six or first call out at the Olympia guy He's got a really he's probably got another 15 to 20 pounds of muscle. He's got to put on to really you know being that mix But what that said I got a question for you guys out of this group Who do you think places? I asked I think that Bonic has Traditionally showing a real I could see I could see Bonic doing I wouldn't be put it this way I wouldn't be surprised if Bonic did I know that's not a solid answer I mean, but I wouldn't be surprised if Bonic he's got the experience I know that he's older at this point, but I think he's just done a nail it Although I could I could see earth pushing him out from it and Brandon man I don't think that I don't think we're gonna see anything less from Brandon than we have in the past See I do I think I mean we all know father time is undefeated and I think we've seen His waist slip a little bit more you know pretty physique that won him deal in Pia Sure not the exact same physique Well he might be able to get a little bit drier a little bit more condition than he then he has in the past I think he's losing a little bit of that bubblyness and but and that being said I mean all respect and hats off to him for still doing this after so many years and He's got nothing left to prove it in the whole game of body building and he's obviously loves the sport that much to continue doing this So I'm happy to see him up there But I would agree I still think bonic might be the guy because somehow he I can see bonic in earth. Would you put yours up there with me? I's a bonic irrs in good veto. I think those are the three To watch out of this group and I don't know exactly I can't say where they're gonna go, but I think Then I put here I think you're right and I maybe put Brandon somewhere right after that He's on what's that oh, he's oh, Brandon Brandon Yeah, yeah, I put Brandon right after that then if that's if that's where you're going You know personally. Yeah, I just think he still has enough. I still you still has enough Yes, you guys a question when when competitors start to slip Let's say it's you know it's not just slip one year. It's you know it's a few years How many of those competitors Come in that and obviously we don't have the answer you know the the an accurate answer, but off the top of your head How many of those competitors actually show up and have a Wow not just the wild factor But they also place higher and the place higher is important because I'm gonna say come off top my head It is We you know one out of three hundred I mean it's it doesn't typically at once the slide starts and it shows any resembles of consistency. Yeah, there's really not The the only one that I can think of really and I mentioned earlier was was Guntar It that's the only one that I think that I can remember that I went wait wait what like when I heard it I went what and immediately went to try to find what the information I could to see what like how did this happen I can't think of of anybody else. Yes, they may Lose the title come back and get the title but After a few years when that slide starts to happen It doesn't reverse it so And if it does it's incredibly rare. I even asked the viewers like throw it at me You know Bus me on this one who who has done that who has reversed it and went like oh shit and had people go whole crap This is Similar but not exactly what you're talking about, but I consider what Sean wrote and did when in the Olympia kind of like that because he was kind of always tight casted into the second third place guy And then we saw all the pictures of him at the Pittsburgh pro Before it was a bodybuilding show when it was just an exhibition and we were all like oh this guy It's gonna fall to like seventh eighth tenth at the Olympia like he's so out of shape He lost so much muscle he looks he looks like a muscular guy with hits, you know I mean I remember looking at being like wow and then everybody just say so I'm is like being like not Lacks a day's a cool remember that yeah, and then you just realize no he's just a calm Collective Internally kind of brooding kind of guy and He'd been holding on to that that that that that taste and back of his mouth of of Phil Heath for a number of years and He put it all together man like even he couldn't even even remember he couldn't eat food He was drinking out of a straw because his mouth was wired shut and So I don't know maybe maybe maybe we see maybe I'm wrong and maybe Brandon Proo's me and skip yeah, and I'm not saying it can't happen all saying is When does it not very likely based on you know Always remember when Arnold came back in one of the people Exactly when they gifted it to him All right, yeah, I could see I'm with you guys I'm on all that and I listen to at home What did you guys think of that round? Where did you guys put those people and We've got our our next grouping here We just had Brett on the podcast this week I'm expecting him to be to do a lot personally You know I feel like we haven't seen him for a year nobody's talking about him because of that I think that he's definitely growing a lot since then You know he had the gut issues he pulled out of 23 and and came back it was like a year ago then that he competed at Legion And yeah, we haven't seen him since so I think 24 He was like just getting his feet wet again You know what I'm saying at Legion and now he's taking all of this time and him and Martin had been training He's you know Place it my heart for him. I want to see him like Jump forward at the top to the top of this, you know Let me also say this grouping I consider these Guys that A I didn't it's kind of a mix guys that I didn't think we're gonna be in the mix with guys that are wildcards and I consider Brett Tonyo and Jordan Hutchinson wildcards to where yeah, I need to see him next to the other guys on stage before you know Obviously, but it's like I couldn't in my mind's eye be like man is he a top 10 guys? He top five guys. He a top 50 you know I I will say this you know I think I can't remember his name. I'll talk my head the the Chinese me He won the the China pro he looks incredible. Leave a bull Browned physique but conditioning if he brings the same conditioning he brought to that show He will finish last or dead last or second last Yeah, his shape is crazy man. Oh he was he was he was over full, you know Incredible like his posing routine everything was bursting but he turned around from the back and there wasn't a glue line, you know, which that that wouldn't fly over here Rubio Nexila I just don't like his physique. I think it's wonky. I think And maybe it's just because his head is kind of small compared to his physique. I don't know but it's like it just doesn't flow The way I want to see it I guess and then Jordan I could see him. Oh muscle and people though like I could see He's you know really pushing for because I think too when he gets in I think that's a very exposing pose We have him in that front double bicep but get him in like a side chest and he starts stopping people You know and I'm saying when he can be fair I I did go on them NPC news and if they didn't have a front double from their last show I just picked the next shot that they had so most of these guys are in front doubles For Dorian I picked his best pose. I think it's most muscular pretty nasty when you see it on stage Yeah, I agree I think for Dorian just the genetic caliber that he's going up against he's gonna be in that that later call out Even if he reaches his best condition of all time Which that's not a knock on him. He's now he's he's done his career. He's done he's put on a hell of a ton of muscle He's reached his best conditioning recently. Yeah, and he's continued bodybuilding all the way through it's just When we're nuts to wall Yeah, you're running up against a wall of genetic talent at the Olympia. It's it's you know You've done what you done you've done you can do you know can I add to that just real quick in 2010 I Competed against him at the Rocky Mountain yeah, and he was natural and I was on a lot of drugs And I and I couldn't beat him so there's that And that's me really just kind of putting myself out there just going yeah, he's pretty good and I do suck So you know, I'm feed the trolls probably but that a lot of people don't know I mean he started off his career doesn't matter when it comes to where you're gonna place it Olympia. I'm just making a point that he's one of those guys much like a feel he could start it out with either being natural very very low Gear use and I don't know doring enough well enough these days because I'm no longer in Colorado To know you know what he has done since I've left I've been gone for quite a while seven or eight years now so I just want to see him standing next to people. I think yeah, I think you guys would agree if he were to make the top 10 I think he would just be all that be cool the side himself like oh shit, you know like wow So and I think a lot of us would who known him and You know see it come up and obviously his fans, but I like a lot of these guys Yeah, that person I kind of have that personal connection to him. Yeah, so I would love to see that There's a lot of these guys that I would love to see I mean I personally I could see I could see Quadzilla jump in forward. I could see him getting 6-7th even I could see here I could see I could see it. I like a bit on that one I'll make it right now. I could see I want to do rat jumping forward. I could see I can see breath 6-7 you know I can get an Olympic you know I could see Jordan jumping forward I could see him hitting the 6-7 I like I just I think it's gonna be I don't know I really don't know until until we see it but like these guys to me are very exciting because I can't predict it I can't call it man. I just can't to me the best dark horse or the I guess the Yeah, the best dark horse I would say is Jordan Hutchins in here And I'm bias I saw him twice in person beating a very good quitting In back to back weeks as well as a couple of Joe I can't remember his name the one that skipped shit all over But no I'll Jordan is huge on stage. I mean he looks like he's 285 on stage. Yeah, and I don't know if he's he might be 265-278 I can ask Chris but how tall is he? He's probably five 10 to five 11 is so little on his holer side there. Okay. Yeah, but it's Poison you know, but he but it like if you look he doesn't have like the link you're arm She's gonna have some nice to do all arms and every muscles in good proportion and Honestly, I think he still has more upside. I think he could probably fit like another 10 more pounds on that physique Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean and he's just a nice guy too Which is always nice when when you know guys that are doing well are nice people too So yeah, yeah, he's he's he's a pretty cool dude both him and Brett Bolton. I want to see them both I'll tell you what I'll I'll take you on a bet I want to see I think that Brett is my dark horse, so if you got Jordan as yours we'll see Let's see who you know and who knows about play things right, but who's higher yeah right who places higher Who's more the surprise how about that? Yeah, that'd be if I would be very happy for either one of these gentlemen Right if they did because I don't breath a great person too and Yeah, I mean just nice fallen his career over the years he it'd be nice to see him back on stages here So yeah, yeah, I think this is freaking amazing. Let me let me turn it into the audience again guys What do you think what do you think tell us tell us where did we go wrong? Tell us what we should have done instead and also tell us did we miss anything You know anything that we should have talked about right what about like Stefan is coaching what percent of the Kyson heel impede this year Who do you have he's got Martin he's got Martin he's got Brett He's got Bonic he's got earth You know it's like that's a pretty high percentile right yeah, you know that's nothing though compared to cuts with the men's physique He's got 18 of them holy crap your kid me man. He's got like like a third or more than a third of the men's physique division He's speaking in coaching for the show that's wild. I don't know if I could do 18 people in the same show I mean maybe you probably don't start there You know what I'm saying like I've done for five people in the same show and I can do that So maybe I'd have to do six before I could get to 18 you know what I'm saying It's got to be a record. I mean I peaked seven feet for our local show one time But it was legit not it was not the Olympia Yeah, and they all were in the exact same class where you know attitudes and and and Especially in men's physique division these tempers are gonna flare all you gave this guy five more minutes attention than you gave me and I saw you give him something extra what was that you know you didn't have me take it or whatever it might have been Yeah, I see those got a few guys too. He's got Derek he's got veto he's got Andrew Jack. Yeah Do we know his coaching hotty I don't is honey still maybe secretly coaching him. I'm wondering I Wonder I thought that because I think they just had such a good relationship and I think I'm just going off the cuff here Just from stuff I've heard and just what I've observed a seat of the guy on his ason as well. Oh, just ason. Yeah I don't I don't think honey wanted the pressure the stress of it and yet other business endeavors You want to get into but I think he does have a suppressor relationship with hotty Yeah, I would say that probably kept them now Maybe I'm wrong if someone knows in the comments please tell me I'm an idiot. Yeah. Yeah, I know kidding. Let us know I love hotty he's he's one of my favorites personally if if and listen if I know it's it would probably sound better If I were a lot more dramatic about it. I'd be happy to see any of these guys like up in that that Top six that we looked at any of those guys. I think would be incredible Do the fancier Jack to came in and he just blew everybody away like do you realize like how exciting that would be you know? I take it Basically what you're saying is we just want to see a really good show. Yeah, yeah, that's really what it comes down to and I want to see everybody nail it man We spend so much time talking about this stuff right and then You know day of the show. It's like what percentage of the guys actually bring it you know It's it's not always up there, right? Yeah We're the forward to the political Discord after I don't like who got he doesn't win now it's there's a lot focused around how do they get's really nasty I think that's from his people yeah, not his people but I'm saying his country I guess no question yeah I'm not saying he encourages any of that whatsoever. No, yeah You know I mean Everybody wants to win especially if you're one of those top five guys in you're looking the best you ever have and Everyone in your campus telling you oh my god you blew his of like the way your back is amazing You know it's it's got to be hard to sit there rationally be like okay wait a minute Let's let me really see what happened. Okay. I can see why I got third place, you know It wasn't a shot at how do you know No, I didn't think it did it's like Yeah, not sure we care about that Yeah, all right, I guess that's it that was literally a whole show of just freaking breaking down No sense getting into any other stuff right now. You know what I mean? Let's add one trend question in at the end or something We appreciate you guys tuning in thanks for following the show like I said let us know What you guys have what do you think is gonna happen and also two are you going to the Olympia? I've kind of gotten an announcement I'm gonna be going I didn't plan on it initially and it looks like it's happening So I'm I'm all booked up. I'm set to go any of our listeners that want to meet me. I'll be at the mutant booth and I'm gonna have all of Sunday free I'm gonna be at In Vegas still the whole weekend so if anybody wants to do anything if you guys are going to any gyms You know let me know if you want to go to the range or something and get a hold of me and Maybe I'll take along with you guys skip are you uh are you going out at all? No, I just can't so the whole tell a week and a half ago. Oh, okay. I You guys I literally I was coming down to it and I'm like, you know what Andrew's not going to scots not knowing And so when you said you were going I'm like you have to be kidding me I think it was honestly just within the week your kids a week ago that I I was like Man you were only gonna go till Thursday though weren't you or something? No, it's gonna be there pretty much Sunday to Sunday because my wife was going with me Yeah, well, maybe you dodged a bullet anyway man because like I could only handle so long at Las Vegas Well, and that's why my wife was going because I was only gonna spend a couple days around the body By figure today for the expo probably the finals and then a day with the amateur because I have a client and the amateur Yeah, and the rest was I mean we were gonna stay at the area and you know kind of make it a You know 80% non body building 20% I'm just saying Vegas. I can only handle Las Vegas for Five days. It's my outside Five days after that man. It's like my dopamine levels are so drained My bank account is yeah, and my business with a lot of money there. Right exactly Tells me about body building shows in general Like yeah, like I like you know I like seeing people and but I've gone there so many shows already this year But the exception to you two I've seen everybody that I know I mean you know what I'm saying and it's like I go to so many of the national shows and the other pro shows that I don't want to go to the biggest one. Yeah, I'd rather just sit on my couch with Rachel or whoever's coming to come over Watch and Have peace and quiet and it's also the one weekend that there's for sure no other competition's going on so I don't know there's that Yeah, you're in a free weekend. Yeah, so anybody who's coming out I would love to meet you. I'm I'm literally so I'm I'm using the patreon money to fly out I'm doing this on my own Me and this helping me with my accommodations, but I decided I was like you know what I just our shows doing so good and I Who knows who knows what will happen next year, but for now things are going good so why don't I like take advantage of that Because eventually there's gonna be a point that nobody cares to meet me at the end Be us You know, there will always be that day Time is gonna be there time you stop by say hi. I'll come over to strum too spend some time with you guys over there Thanks for tuning in everybody Check out bodyberry.com reach out to entry for coaching and team skip.com to reach out to skip hit me up Make Naly dies at gmail.com Once again, it's really interesting dot com use our code think supplement source dot CA for Canadians. Thank you Everybody from patreon We will tackle all the other stuff that I mentioned at the beginning that we didn't do on the next episode for another episode of BuzzWake and gear We'll see you soon