It's natural to push into bigger doses because we live in this environment and body building is terrible for this where more is better, excess, everything is excessive, bigger, stronger, everything is about being excessive. When actually when you get there, you actually realise that I'm making better progress, I feel better, I feel healthier if I'm caping off at 2, 2 and a half grams. And I do think that beyond those numbers, I accept for a few select people who have a genetic predisposition to be very tolerant of these drugs. There isn't really much cause to be going above two. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossland. I'm Scott McDaily and all of our programming is brought to you by evalbloodanalysis.com. You can get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK. And if you're on cycle, you should definitely be getting your labs done. We're also brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition. If you're in the UK in the US, you can get some great health stacks, check them out. I am using thrombo max right now. We're also brought to you by trunetrition.com. Use our code, think over there to get 10% off on all your basic body building supplements like protein powder, creatinine, and intro workout. We are brought to you by supplementsourst.ca for Canadians. If you're up in Canada, get some good deals. They have great deals that change week to week less, but not least. Thank you to everybody from Patreon. We've got some Patreon questions today. We just had like a fun little pre-show conversation about the difference between redheads and gingers. I don't know if we can re-cant that conversation in still remain monetized. Do two days language. But maybe all put that in at the end of the show. I'll drop that in as like a bonus clip at the end of the show. I can do a PC version if you want. We got it. We already got it. It'll be a bonus segment for anybody who wants to stay tuned to the end. Does anyone have a date to the end? Yeah, we have like, you know, two people. Just anyone who's still not on the live stage at the very end. We got a bunch of good feedback on the last show. Dave, we got a lot of questions for this one. You guys are welcome to leave questions just comment below on YouTube plus comments like all that stuff. It helps to boost our show up. And if you're new here, welcome YouTube made some sort of crazy mistake. You went down a rabbit hole somewhere and you ran into us. We're glad to have you. Hit the subscribe button, hit the bell. It's the only way you've got to ever see us again. Dave, so here's the thing, man. We talked about like, Annavar at an actual muscle building dose and people were lost their minds. 50 milligrams of interval, hollow before your liver falls out. And then we talk about like T or T plus what's the least amount you can use per performance enhancement. In fact, and we got crap for that. We can't win. We can't win, Dave. We just can't win. No, dumb, did you do? And dumb, if you don't, the problem is that will always be somebody with a different opinion. Yeah, and that's okay. I like this comment from Samurai Steve. He says, uh, 10 milligrams of anavar or wind stroke losing your credibility to limit liability 20 milligrams of deba'll pre workout, liars dirty filthy. Well, catch me is they take you so out of context. You know, you're actually stopped picking your nose and scratching your ass while you're listening to this show. I'd actually listen to the full context of the conversation. We've said time and time again. These are not performance enhancing doses, but you might get a little bit in the gym. Well, I call that performance enhancing. I just wouldn't call it muscle building. Okay, muscle building. But by point is, you know, we've sent all this a million times. You know, you want really effective dosing. You're going to be north of 34 milligrams. Yeah, and most people are going to be nearer to 56. You might as well as wear most people for it. 60s, wear most people will set. But you can't get something out of those really low doses, particularly if you are on point. But yeah, nice. Yeah. Can't win, Dave. We can't win. So I got a topic for us today. Let's take it back into the other direction. How to progressively plan your cycles for maximum gains. Starting from that first cycle, what would that look like? And then how do we continue to build it out from there? Because we see a lot of extremes. We see guys saying, like, you only need 300 tests. And then you have guys saying, but I've heard that the pros are using three grams. They didn't just jump to three grams. Obviously, we try to explain. They've built cycles up over time. That's probably not a good idea for your first few years of bodybuilding to be running gear like that. It's something that's happened progressively. So I wanted to see if we could try to explain to people today how to cycle building progressively increase what would be the way to do that? I completely made some of this done today's mission. I thought we were talking about something totally different. I know what you thought, too. Yeah. I can talk about that, too. That's what I wanted to happen. I don't want to. Boxed it. Most people, I would say that a start cycle is pretty much 99% of the time going to be test only. Yeah. Reasons being it is a compound to your body knows. It knows what to do with it. And it also is pretty much the foundation of all cycles. So you need to learn how you tolerate test and how you react to it before you can go forward. It's a little bit like learning to grow before you walk. So it's going to be test. 3 to 500 is fairly standard. If you are more towards the robot side of discipline, then you'd probably get away with the three. If you're more towards a train, money defried, you go out with a boy's for a few beers on the weekend end of discipline, then you're probably going to need a five. And the reality of that is that that extra dosing is compensating for the fact that they are things and you're trying to diet that aren't on point. From there, some depends on a suppose. Which direction you're going in regards to your physique? Why are you trying to face strength? Are you trying to get leaner? Let's assume the goal is muscle building which can give it as big as possible. I would then consider two options. One would be the repeat of the initial cycle or there are there about some maybe a slight increase. Yeah. A one would be so, say you let's go down a middle. You'd also use a four-leaf mid-bremble test for your first cycle. I see no reason why your second cycle couldn't be four, five or six hundred milligrams of test. You know what happens, you know how you react to it. And you know you're going to need a little bit more reach and management. You may then think, okay, I don't really want to go much higher on a single compound. So let's bring a secondary compound in. And then what starts to factor in is your understanding of compounds. If you're not that switched up on what compounds do we're out of managing, you're probably better going as a second compound at DHT. Because you're not going to run into massive issues in issues. You're not going to run into particularly pro-liked an issue. Is there anything driven from that side of things? So, massed, pre-mo, or potentially EQ. And then as your experience gains, you can start looking at compounds that are a bit more complex and you know, testing Deca, old school works a treat. It's old school and still relied on because it works. But it does require understanding of the drugs. You're now not only dealing with each region conversion, you're now dealing with pro-lactic. So you've got two negative drugs that you or undesirable drugs that you now have to manage. And a lot of it is where your confidence is in understanding about how the drugs work within your body and therefore your confidence in how to manage it. If you just want a drug combo that you can take forget about, and you don't really want to be doing mid-cycle bludds and you don't really want to be messing around with extra compounds in the way of management drugs, so anti-eachiness, anti-prolactants, and stuff like that. Then stick to a test of the DHT. You'll be fairly safe. And off you go. You know, if you want to get into drugs that have a broader spectrum of effect, but do require more technicality now to get them to work properly, then you can start looking at, I want to say they're exotic, but you can start looking at your decos and things like men and compounds that do check them all management. But with that greater risk and that greater management does come a greater reward. Yeah, I would stay away from personally those more like the higher side effect profile compounds for a look as long as you can. Yeah, I mean, I think it's something depending on how far you're going, you may never to believe or up against. I mean, and even then I would probably say start with Deca, because it's probably the easiest of the free. But yeah, I mean, you could probably get away with test master or test EQ or test master EQ. Though that might be too much easier to do in suppression. For, you know, probably three, four or five years, or cycling, if you wanted, it all depends on on what your linear trap is. You know, are you 21 year old, 22 year old, really feel like you're destined to turn pro and want to give it your all. If you do, you're going to get into the harder drugs a little bit quicker. But Beth has, you know, I'm 35 year old married with a couple of kids. I just want to look good when I go all day. Then we're probably going to stay with test master for everybody's cycle. We do them, maybe throw a bit into your ball or run about in there at some point. Yeah, you know, I'll give you an example of somebody I'm working with that we, we're pushing it just a little bit more. He competed this year and competing he competed on TRT with a little bit of an oral at the tail end, like the last few weeks. Then post contest he was like, hey, listen, let's run a cycle. I want to try to grow and then compete again, you know, ideally then have more size to be able to compete with. He hadn't run any gear and he's by the way, the guys guys like later 40s, I think he's 47 maybe. You know, we, one approach that I think would be a really decent approach to take with him would be, like, okay, let's just run test only, right? You can run 500 tests only see what we get out of that or even 300 tests only. He's only been on TRT, but here's my thought Dave is that he's probably not going to want to mess around with gear for the next decade, right? He's probably not going to be like pushing a bunch of gear now to least 60. So he's probably only going to run a few cycles. My thought was why don't we go to like 500 tests 400 EQ, like out the gate. He's already had previous experience with gear. He's already knows what he's doing with training. He's 100% on the diet. And so I would consider that to be a little less of a conservative move, but part of it in my mind was that, you know, what, let's get what we can out of this versus I think that if he were a lot younger, I would have said, hey, let's keep it lower because that'll leave us a lot more room to increase assuming he's going to be running gear for the next 15, 20 years off and on. In this case, he might be running a few cycles. I think that it's still going to be a very manageable cycle. What do you think of that? I see you point an argument and I'm very much in the middle with it. Yeah. And I think ultimately he's down to the individual that's using it should be that decision. Absolutely. But yeah, I mean, I see you point and I get you point and I think it's a valid point. I also think that as an older gentleman, you are getting a need slightly more to generate the growth because you don't have you from your side. Okay. Yeah. There's that. But I would also suggest that not everybody, but I would like to think the most older gentleman and older users are a little bit more sensible as well when it comes to how they manage the drugs and their other lifestyle choices around it. Not everyone. Yeah. That's a few that are. But I'd like to think that from the most part, their party in days are over and they're only going to be sticking one chemical in their body rather than two or three different ones. In the sense of a steroid or alcohol or recreational drugs. Yeah. So there's that aspect as well. And I've always been a great believer. And if you're going to stick a poisoning your body, which effectively all this stuff is, then pick one. You know what I mean? Those stuff throw you two with three at the end. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So eventually we get those doses do build. You know, these guys then that are five minutes. I mean, test and 700 tests. Then a thousand, I mean, I down the road. I went to four and a half grams. But I didn't go to four and a half grams because I felt I needed that to grow. I went to four and a half grams because I thought I needed it to grow in the time scale. I was looking up. Okay. Then that was a big decision. I didn't try to do it. Plus it. It wasn't a great thing. What did you do? Um. Yes. Like, would you suggest that others? No. But that's my point. That comes down to my point of personal. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You know, I think even time again, I probably wouldn't shy on the dough. Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't think I would. Do you think though it was that beneficial? Like to say, like, you know, like, oh, yeah, had I taken three grams. You know, I wouldn't have been able to do what I've done, you know. I don't think I would have sustained the progress. Okay. So I grew for seven months. Yeah. And I kept growing. I mean, I was still growing at the back end of it, though. They were negative starting to creep in. I had about four or five weeks and negative at the end that just gradually built. They weren't major negatives. They were just me girls and stupid shit. You know, it's like when you beat on two of them. Well, there was a big major negative, too. Oh, that was the second one. That was the second one. Okay. Okay. I just don't know, because maybe we have people who were tuning in and they're like, oh, he ran four grams. It is not a problem for them. Oh, no. I wouldn't say that. That's all. No, that will join issues at the end of the day. No, no, no. Hi, then repeated that cycle, different drugs, but same total dosage ish. And that resulted in kidney failure in heart failure and all sorts of health problems. So, you know, I'm not for one minute suggesting that there's this two, there's two sorts of size to this. Tons of the drug while I was using them and immediate problems while using them, weren't that bad. And progress was very good. Long-term health impacts were a lot more serious. Which is kind of scary, man, because I think a lot of times we judge, well, how bad am I feeling? That's really, you know what I mean? They're we're not thinking like, well, how is this cycle going to affect me in five years or six more? No, I think I think it's part of the conversation that you need to have with yourself, as you start to elevate the dose, is you're not going to come out of this unscathed in one way or be major, but you're not going to come out of this unscathed in one way or the other. And it was very interesting, so I was at a conference on Friday on gear. And one of the new areas of research, which to me is old, to be fair, but it's one of the academically that started to take more interest in, is dependency. Yeah, okay, yeah. And they're now accepting that dependency is a big issue for a lot of people. And obviously, that then starts to lead to choice and decision-making that may not be fully neutral in, I can't think of the right word today for some reason. In the fact that it's going to be influenced by the fact that people are scared to come off or scared to lower the dose. And it's for a whole host of factors, you know, I mean loss of size, loss of identity, loss of feeling, a certain way. There's lots of drivers behind you. But yeah, so dependency is becoming a bigger thing. So the, you know, the long-term impacts from using gear are not just physical, but are also psychological and things like dependency that is developing in people. And probably a lot more common than people want to accept. It's very difficult to say or admit your dependent on the substance. Yeah, it's not only a conversation to have a yourself, and that doesn't necessarily mean you have to over-soul and go, well, I can't use gear anymore. It just means you have to be conscious of that bias when it comes to making decisions about what you're going to be doing. Yeah, and then with that too, I think that's where sometimes the needless increase of dose occurs, because then, you know, you maybe you start out and let's say that you aren't on TRT, but somewhere around down the road, as you're progressing in your cycles, now you are on TRT. And you get further down the road and your cycles are getting higher. And then you decide that you're not just going to do TRT, you're going to cruise. And you're doing 300 milligrams of test. It, you know, for your cruise. Now, if you're doing 300 milligrams of test for your cruise, that 450, 500 milligrams test cycle doesn't seem quite that great anymore. You know what I mean? Now, we have to take that up to 750 plus something else. And that I think is, it's a slippery slope. I hate to use that term. But it can be kind of develop, you know, over. I think, you know, if you want, if you want to create little rules of foam, little sort of guidelines, I would say that if you do a cycle and you grow off it, then there is no reason why you can't repeat that cycle. And if you grow off it again, there's no reason why you can't repeat the cycle again. And you could potentially do that to the point where you stop getting progress off that cycle. And then that would be the point when you'd look at a dosing crease or a compound change. And you may even, let's say the total dose is 600 milligrams of this test owner. And you get three cycles out of that and you progress well, but the third cycles a bit, wish you watch it. So you might then go, right, what mean, next cycle instead of going 700 or 800, I'll do 300 milligrams, mega test and three to mega deca. So the same total milligrams, just different compounds playing now. And you might find you grow again. So the sense of that, you don't always have to drive the dos up. And it is a risk reward scenario and that's going to be very individual for each person. But the two, well, one major factor I would say about exposure to antibiotics and your choice around our mobile voice, this isn't a free ride. There is a cost. Now those costs can be managed. But not always and you have to be willing to pay the potential price that these drugs can cost you. And if you're not, think long and hard about what you're doing with your drugs and cycles. Because, you know, there's people like contact me on a regular basis that are paying prices. They never realize we're going to be there and I've always mean now. And it's like, well, what did you expect? You know, it's, I mean, it was only last week, a two-twelfth competitor pro passed away, unfortunately. I'm not saying it was steroid related, but you can't help but think that maybe it played a factor in it. And I know tons of amateurs that particularly cardiovascular issues, you know, when they've hit in the 40s and 50s. And there's no denying that, you know, the incident, cardiovascular episode with steroid users is significantly higher than the general populace. So, you know, there are risks there. And they will bite you on the ass. So you've always got a factor that in when you make decisions. And it's not the easy thing to do when you're 21 and you want to be massive and, you know, you're not thinking about what's happening when you're 45. One last thing that I'll add into just to kind of piggyback off what you're saying day with, you know, progressing those doses and or staying the same early and getting the most out of this cycle and then repeating that cycle, getting the most out of it again. If you stop progressing it might not just be you're related. Remember that as you grow, your nutritional needs will change. Your, your body's always kind of looking for homeostasis. And I think that we, a lot of times on this show, called drugs and stuff, right? So we focus on the drugs. But you and I both, you know, are well aware. And we, you know, maybe don't talk about it enough on this show. But there are the other sides to it. The nutrition in the training. Like your body's always like, if you do the same exercises, the same sequence, you can take that so far, but there does come a point that that needs to change too. And that may be your biggest limiting factor. You might be able to up the dose and then seek out some more progress on a program for training that used to be great and now is inferior, but you can only do that so many times. So I would suggest that as much as you invest into learning about gear to be safe and understand how these compounds work, don't sleep on your training, don't sleep on the nutrition because those things are equally as important. I believe it at that. Yeah, I, there's something I've noticed, which has led me to come into a bit of a conclusion. I've been fortunate to talk to a lot of pros over the years about their drug use and their patterns of drug use. And it's easy to be fairly common that they will start getting into the three four gram numbers for a short period of time. And they nearly all exclusively come back down till two to two and a half. And that seems to be where they end up settling. And it does seem to be very much that it's natural to push into bigger doses because we live in this environment and bodybuilding is terrible for this web. More is about a success. Everything's excessive, bigger, stronger, everything's about being excessive. When actually when you get there, you actually realize that I'm making better progress. I feel better. I feel healthier. If I'm capping off at two two and a half gram. And I do think that beyond those numbers, except for a few select people who have a genetic predisposition to be very tolerant of these drugs, there isn't really much cause to be going above two. Fair enough. I think that that's a great point. Study show creatin doesn't just fuel your muscles, fuels your brain, research links create into improved memory, focused and mental clarity, especially while under stress. It helps reduce mental fatigue, supports learning and may even protect long-term brain health. I order my creatin from true nutrition, use code think it check out to get 10% off and support this podcast. Power your body and your mind with true nutrition creatin. By the way, this is my actual morning routine, mixing 15 grams of creatin into my oats. No flavor, no texture. And since I got married, we stored in this fancy jar so it doesn't look like my wife lives with a bro. But hey, if you're single, just leave it in the bag on the counter. It's totally fine. Alright, listen, let's move forward. Let's jump into our listener questions. We got a bunch of them. They left us tons of questions. They have, and if you guys want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment. I had a couple on Patreon that I wanted to make sure we got to. Alright, how about this one? It says, uh, on a cruise for around six weeks, and I want to cut before my next push. Would like to get my markers in check for pre blast labs. How much does plan affect my blood work? No, he was. Wasp. What? What? You messed up your camera. Did you mean I wasn't sure? Oh, you're back. I got you. I'm fine. Yeah, wasp. I was getting both bio wasp. God. Um, I don't think cleanse can have a major effect. It's not going to affect your cholesterol. No, I would have said to you only really way you're going to see clan impact is resting heart rate, BP potentially some impacts there, but I wouldn't suspect anything on bloods. No. Yeah. A question for the podcast. Are you still nanny if you use a GLP mad? Seeing a lot of influencers claiming natural despite their GLP use. Ah, at least, yeah, the boundary of where does someone move? I mean, if you want to be truly literal about natural, then you would take nothing that wasn't grown in the ground or raised on the land. Yeah, who's defining what nanny is? Is it an organization that you're competing? I think generally the war, that the nanny rule is very much based around what is the water bound list. Yeah, I think you're right. But, you know, the race, the arbitrary and itself, but maybe they try to put caffeine on it at one point. But then it's, yeah, it's, it's, it's, some people argue that you're nanny as long as you're not using actual antibiotics, some people, and I suppose it's down to a personal definition, but I would have personally said that natural is someone who uses no chemical image or performance enhancement compounds. Yeah, I could go with that. So, I mean, here's what I'd say too, Dave, is that like if you're claiming that like there's a line in there, like, you know, what I consider myself, I'm not nanny, you know what I mean? But like unenhanced while using rada for fat loss in my own life, yeah, I'd be like, yeah, I'm not really on anything, but I'm using rada. You know, I wouldn't consider that to be like performance enhancing, but if we had two people that were competing against each other, and one of whom was using rada, and one of whom was not, and this category was supposed to be natural. Or this person says, hey, guys, you know, buy my new supplement, and it's going to help you to get as lean as I am, but they're using rada, you know, then yeah, it's kind of dishonest, doesn't it? Yeah, I think that there's growing pressure for this, but whether it'll ever actually happen or not, there's already been a move that companies that have the size products and use athletes have to stay somewhere on the other, that this person didn't achieve this, if it's using this product. Yeah, good luck. But they, they, yeah, they're trying to get that much more driven into it where, you know, if you're, you have to declare that your physique wasn't built purely off that product. Yeah, all right, another Patreon one from David he says, uh, uh, just coming off my first cycle in around 15 years. Um, I've been on an anavar and test cycle with mass in the final stretch for over three months. I gained about 15 pounds. I'm happy with that. I've generally been on a calorie maintenance, um, but I've had two weeks of holiday vacation for you yanks. You understood that language, Dave, I understand. Um, uh, where the diet was what it was, I expected a few extra in there. Uh, the training has been good, intense and consistent, even though the holidays and the muscle and strength gains are noticeable. Um, my question is, as I come off cycle, um, if I keep the diet the same, how much weight can I expect to lose in the first month after and what's the best way to adjust the diet to try to retain the muscle of accumulated while still burning fat? Uh, I do want to lose some of the weight that I've put on, but I wanted to be as a fish and as possible. Thanks guys. Me personally, what built it will keep it. Um, so I wouldn't change the diet at all or the training and know there's some excess from the holiday, but I would get back to the pre-e holiday diet and I would hold that for a good four weeks. Then I could potentially start looking a calorie reduction or an expenditure increase to start to try and improve condition. But as long as you're training the same way and your diet is the same, there shouldn't be a huge amount of muscle loss. There's going to be some flattening, you know, you're not going to hold as much glycone and will or rinse so early because you're not on gear. It's as simple as that. And there is potentially as a slight drop, but I wouldn't expect anything significant and I think I'd be talking maybe on the acopolycalo. If it was more than that, it would be start into question the effectiveness of your diet and training and whether the gains would genuine or they would just chemically driven. Yeah. I got a podcast with Scott Stevenson a little while ago. Uh, we titled it, maintaining your gains post cycle. And one of the things that like you said Dave keeping that food up, you know, after the cycle, your body will want to shed any newly gained muscle. So the mistake I see people make is they're no longer as full and stretching their t-shirts out as they were when they're on cycle, but they definitely are still holding the additional fat they gained. So now they kind of feel like, you know, slumpy and they want to try to start tightening up. But I'm with you like at least a month after and that's a month after everything's cleared. Like a month, if you's doing PCT, that's a month after PCT is over. That's when I would then possibly consider to do anything to try to recomp in any way. Um, one of the things that Scott said that I thought was fantastic is you're talking about like satellite cells and building new muscle. He said that like if you envision a city expanding out into suburbs, as that city expands and little suburbs develop, they aren't building new post offices out in the middle of corn fields, assuming that one day there's going to be a city built up around it. That city's going to expand and they're going to keep using the same post offices that they already have. We're talking about like these, like the nuclei and the satellite cells that these. So basically, you know, as that city expands, eventually you'll have to put in new post offices, right? But that's a process and that's not they're not going to preemptively already have them there. So you don't have the impulse structure to hold that new muscle the minute that you grow it and your body will more easily shut it. So it takes time to kind of build that impulse structure. But those post offices in and make it self-sufficient before you start pulling the calories back. Yeah. Completely new. What about this one? Oh, so we got a bunch of people last week. They tons of people sharing with us their insight on how their estrogen levels were affected from using EQ. Here's just one example. 900 tests, 900 EQ on his most recent cycle, E2 levels on Ultra-sensitive were 13. That's low. Yeah. I asked him what he did after that. He said, I ended up with using 800 EQ, but he didn't get another set of labs done. So, you know, but yeah, just an example there of how EQ is at a one-to-one ratio had a real strong effect on that guy. It seems to be when it is, it seems to be the strongest of all the unavalex I have in on to estrogen effect. Do you feel like because of the difficulty in getting massed in pre-mode? Do you, I feel like we, we kind of talked about this before, but I think I'm seeing it in practice now. Do you feel like EQ might be the new most popular additional steroid? I think he said in that way, but the mass supply route does seem to me slowly recovering, but not great. So, I think a lot of it will depend on how long people are worried about massed. And I think the only negative in the sense that might put people off being fully committed to EQ, is its reputation for blood thickening? Yeah. So, I think if that wasn't there, I think with CEQ already being a virtual good choice when it came to this set up, but I think that blood thickening element is just making people that little bit more cautious than they would normally be about that switch over. Yeah. Do you feel like EQ has that much greater of a propensity for causing blood thickness than other steroids? It's greater. Is it that much greater? Hard to say. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, because with it, like you've said before, we've talked about that they all do it, right? Yeah. They all do it. Sorry, I was just sort of message pop up in the, it's, it's something EQ's not getting to talk to. That was the thing that just popped up. Okay. Yeah. Rice 41. So, we hear that I can only speak out of my experience working with like a vast number of people over the last 15 years that have used a, a small shipping container of EQ that I haven't seen EQ being kidney. But that's something that's been floating around the internet for the past couple years. Like, oh, you got to stay away from EQ, because it's real kidney toxic. And if that were the case, I feel like we would see people experiencing a lot of problems from that. The only, the only drug that I'm aware of that has a direct impact on the kidney's is trend. In a very guess, showed to in rat studies? Yeah, but I've not seen it carried out in humans. Not from the point of actual kidney problems. You see a alteration of markers, but not actual kidney problems. Whether our EQIs are tied directly to the case studies of EQIs directly tried to try to use. Now EQ has shown issues around liver. EQIs, as shown to have an impact on the liver. But I've never seen anything to document a dish, shows any impact on the kidneys. Granted, it's not the most studied subject as well. There's that. So, there is that element to it. But I'm not seeing a lot, and it don't either. I, yes, kidney issues from unmanaged thick blood, but that isn't sure itself. In high blood pressure. Yeah. You know, all that. Yep. We had on that note, I can't remember where it is, but somebody asked us, they said, hey, you know, one of the big things I'm concerned about with EQIs anxiety is that I understand it's related to GABA could I use supplemental GABA to make a difference? I don't know if that would make a difference, because for my understanding GABA does not pass the blood brain barrier or oral GABA supplementation. Right. Now I've got a question. David, question. Yeah. Back. Thank you, Chesa. I've more of recent years see more people suggesting or experiencing those suggestions around words I apologize, experiencing issues with compounds that previously people haven't reported. So severe mental health impacts from things like Deca, EQB and another one. And I'm just like, is it the compound or I mean, I know there is some or is it more just the total on the body value that's the issue or is it a combination? You know, you've got back to the 80s and 90s, but it's very few people have reported mental ill issues around Deca. Now the science is there to show that Deca should cause it, so I'm completely agreement that Deca can cause it. I don't know if it's because it's just more users now, so we have a more broad spectrum come back of what people are experienced. And it's like EQIs, it's not a drug that on paper, I see having any real major impacts around mental health, but all out of all, it's not like mental health. So it's not like and I'm just wondering sometimes is it the compound or is it just a total on the public side going in? Yeah, I wonder too, you know, the whole thing with GABA, because it does change your, does change the neuro-transmitter stuff related to GABA in the brain. I wonder if, and we've known about that for a long time, but I think estrogen plays a real major role in moods being either high estrogen or low estrogen in that ratio to antigens, you know? So I wonder too if there's an element of that, like, if somebody gets anxiety from EQ, because we've seen it, I know what you mean. It seems like more people are reporting it now, but we've always, like even back in the Master's Board days, there was the random guy that was like, I can't use it. Yeah, I say, you seem to be more broad spectrum now, and I'm just like, is it the compound or is it more of a total explosion thing? Or is he just because there's more people using, so we've got a lot of spectrum of responses, I don't know. Yeah, yeah, that could be it too. And here's the thing, man, for me personally, I was hesitant with EQ because I tend to get anxiety with stuff, like if I were to take like ECA, I feel like a little stemmed out, and I feel like just more like my body feels more physically anxious, you know? So I assumed, like, I'm probably somebody that if something causes anxiety, I'm going to get it, but I never got it, man. All right, let's see what else we have here. Scott, love the pod, and I love the way that you present yourself. I like this guy. He says a question, I ran SLUPP332. During my cut, didn't really notice much. Still have a bit remaining, it was thinking of trying it during my current growth phase. What's your opinion on that? Really want to prove myself that SLU works and how my body reacts before prep, because before prep, before completely giving up on it. Thanks. I asked him how much he was using. He said he was using 250 micrograms three times a day. And I'll tell you what, I think that's a plenty to see what you're going to get from it. Now that I've had a lot of experience with it in this year, and I've talked to a ton of people who have had their own experiences, be it clients, listeners. Okay. I got a thought date. I'm going to share. I understand you got you. I'm just my body. I'm very patient. Okay. Thank you. My thought is this, that I wonder if not everybody is going to get the great benefit from it. I don't know why I have some theories. But for my I've seen as I've had people that respond in some cases as great as me. I would call myself like the best possible outcome to get from SLU. And then I've had people say, yeah, I noticed great mental clarity from it and improved endurance. And then I've had people say, yeah, I think I've noticed some additional endurance. And then I've had like a handful, small handful of people say, I didn't get anything from it at all. I wonder if it has to do like with in my situation, poor mitochondrial function to begin with, having gotten the bug several years back, is it correcting that just to get me up and running to feel normal again? Because that's pretty much the way I feel using it versus somebody else who didn't have those same level of issues. You know, maybe that has something to do with it. That would be that would be my main thought on it. But yeah, I don't see it working the same across the board for everyone. And I've seen very few random people that they just don't get anything from it. So, you know, I guess it's any drug, right? What was your thought, Dave? It's not. It's this is reminded me of something. And I wanted to ask you an opinion on it. It's going to take us off topic. So, okay. I'll be to hold it if you don't want to. What were between questions? Let's run it. Right. So, there's a whole host of new mitochondrial support drugs, MOT, SL, SLDP. I know obviously, Nads have been around a while, but it's growing in popularity and seems to be making a bit of a research in this recently. Yeah. I'm there's a few of them as well in the peptide range. I've heard it proposed that because of all these new peptides, that it would be possible to run a gram to 2 gram year round and offset with a very comprehensive program of these sort of peptides. I genuinely do not know how effective these peptides are at offsetting the negative impact from other Botlics. So, you've done a bit more running than me. So, I was curious just your thought on that idea. I don't. Okay. It's an interesting direction that they're taking that. And I guess that naturally, I can see how people would, you know, want to say anything. Okay. How can I take more? Yeah. It's, it's similarly took about a half a additional time is that harm reduction wants people to stop using steroids. Steregyz is one of you's more and more effectively. They're those to pull their opposite approaches that often causes a friction between effective service. Here's my take on it, though, would be this. I've seen it this way. I've seen it being that if you can get your body tuned up and in the best possible place. And I would say this, not just the mitochondrial stuff, but also let's look at the GLPs where we can like greatly radically improve your insulin sensitivity quickly. You know, because example being that if somebody isn't in off season and I need to get them into a dieted state, we're going to have a period of time where their body isn't as responsive. You know, where we're, maybe pulling food back, their body isn't just like clicking yet. If they've been in a long off season, so there's almost like a pre-diet phase that they need to go through after a, like, a big push upward before they're ready to actually be in a good fat loss position. I think that you can use GLPs to fast track that. So if you can fast track somebody is ability to get like super-sensitive, super-responsive to dieting and you can not only increase the, the, the function of your mitochondria, but increase the number of your mitochondria, you're putting yourself into a position where you can get more out of less. Maybe we need less to get the same job done is the way that I've looked at it. Yeah, but you're not answering my question is. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I don't see all that those peptides and that new family of peptides have the potential to offset high dose or long-term exposure to animal use. I don't think I doubt it, man. I mean, I think that you could get some benefit, but like honestly, man, you know what it's like, they're like, yeah, no, I just, I don't know we know for about them. You've looked at them in a lot more depth than me, so I don't know you've got some personal experience. I don't have the personal experience and I've not really looked at them in any depth yet, so I honestly didn't know. So I thought, well, you know, well, I'll ask God, he's probably got a better idea on the actual peptide side of things. Yeah, I think if anything, you can get away with using less. Like, maybe we don't need to add clenin as soon. Maybe we don't even need T3 or we don't need it as soon. You know, we start the cycle and, you know, for say a contest prep, maybe we don't feel the need to push the doses as high. Like, you get the results you're going for and I use the, that's the way I say it as a coach. You know, we use the doses that are required to get the results we're going for within, you know, safety or, you know, harm reduction, I guess. We risk risk reduction, right? And then I'm just finding though, we're getting further along with less than we needed before. Okay. See all standby, basically the opposite. Well, yeah, kind of. Within with the introduction of those peptides, you should get away with a less of those. Absolutely. I mean, you need to use more. Okay. Yeah, that would totally be my take. I think that we could, it could be a really good benefit to our community overall, you know, get our, like, and basically we're talking about like just getting somebody tuned up, getting their health into the best place they can. I do think that is going to go the other way though, unfortunately. It's unfortunate, man. I could see you being right, though, you know. All right. Um, don't know if you're, let's see what this is saying here. Oh, just a comment. So this guy says that he'll buy a batch test everything I order now. So you're, we're talking about like testing your mass, testing your pre-mo. So here's what he's going to do. He'll buy three different batches of pre-mo from the same vendor, I think. And then he'll mix them together and send that off to genushe. I mean, if it's off, let's say it's all pre-mo. Okay. Yeah. And then you had one that was dose correctly and two that were dose, well, incorrectly, then those two are going to pull about one down. So when you send your mix batch, you're going to get a reading that's slightly older but not reflective of the individuals. I don't understand the logic there. Maybe it's me that's missing the standard in the situation. I'll just, I would thought if you take three separate samples of a drug, yeah, and combine them and then get them tested, you're not getting any indication of which samples of go to which samples of you getting a blend. But if it all tests out at, you know, like I say, what we supposed to be a hundred and it all tests and you send, you mix three together and it comes back at a hundred, then you're certain. Yeah, you know, you go three. It comes back at 75. You might have one at 50 and one at 100 and it's like, well, I don't know which is which, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's a point too. I guess you're just trying to save money, right? No, I get it. Fucking expensive. I don't get it. I don't get it. It would be such a nice world if we could trust these supplies. Following on from that question, I ask you, Ryze said something. It's like, I disagree because there are factors, disagree with what that. It was saying it would make you more tolerant, resilient to some abuse. Yeah, but they don't cover every aspect of what abuse problems cause. True. So we've got mental health issues. We've got heart cardiac pressure. Now, we'll couple of the peptides do support cardiac to a degree, but I don't see as being a blanket repair from a little bit that I do know. But I was asking Scott because he knows more about it than me. Another guy with his EQ information. He says he was using five 25 tests, 350 EQ. He said, Astrogen was 34 tested after six weeks. So that's like a three to two. You know, to be part of tests to two parts EQ and he's, you know, a little bit higher. The last guy was one to one. This is like a three to two. Yeah, I wouldn't have said that's probably close. It's the way you need to be. I like that. Yeah, like that. Three to two then. Yeah. At least, after 22 weeks at 10 milligrams of anovar, you were saying we were wondering how long could you run var for, you know, at a low dose. After 22 weeks at 10 milligrams of var in 175 tests each week, HDL was 34 and hematicrit MC, MCV, hemoglobin were slightly in the red. Test was 1500 for test 404 was low, but T3 uptake was high. I mean, I consider that to be not bad. What was LDL? You say? You didn't say. Yeah, because I'm a var in Chris's LDL. Going back to rise. Yeah, the problem with Jason is he's got a vested interest in drugs. Notice, you're expected to die in a slight SES. He's a clever man and everything, but I wouldn't say that was a true harm reduction angle because there's a disease. I could see it helping. Yeah, I could see it helping, but I would definitely, I wouldn't, I don't know, in, in, I know Jason personally. I don't think he would subscribe to the idea of you can now blast your gear higher. You know what I mean? I don't think he's saying that at all. No, I don't think he eats. I think the issue is though that anyone that's within the industry, there's this risk of a slightly cognitive bias towards usage in the same way that from the medical community, which I spent all day Friday with, they have a bias towards non-usage. Yeah, so I have affiliates that, you know, have these things that we, we don't talk about here and you do, but so you could say I do too. At the same time, it's not my, like, foundational business. So if I didn't believe in it, I just wouldn't stand behind it. No, I think the problem is that it's the background that you're coming from a little bit, you know, I mean, so I guess what you mean? You know, I was with the end of the college, I'm Friday and there were some very valid points raised, but there were also some unrealistic or slightly biased points raised in each slide and then not anti-usage in the slightest, but they have a slight bias because their information, everything comes from a medical side of things where it's our information always comes from a usage side of things, even though we do research and look at things. So there's always going to be that slight edge one way or the other, depending on where your background is. Yeah. Yeah. So take a take everybody with that green assault, you know, I guess. But yeah, it's just, you know, I would use, I was, anyone, even Clevver Scott, who's probably the man I trust the most on the planet when it comes to unabolics. I would still use as a star, I'd point to just go and do some of your own finding on it, you know what I mean? Yeah. Let me see if I can find one more here. All right, we'll take, we'll take this last one. Oh, he has two questions. He said Andrew mentioned using Matt Foreman, like they're taking insulin. How does Matt Foreman work? I don't know if Andrew said to do that. Who's I don't think he would? Andrew Barry that I podcast with. I don't think he would have said to, it's not, Matt Foreman is going to dispose of your glucose, right? Versus insulin is going to shuttle that glucose to storage and hopefully the muscle. Many people combine Matt Foreman and insulin because of the increased sensitivity from Matt Foreman. Whether that's, I wouldn't say that's necessary. Yeah, yeah, I feel like Matt Foreman used to be a lot more popular than it is now, you know. Yeah, I do think he's weighing in a bit, it's a bit on this time. And then he also said, I believe it's been mentioned that he can take six weeks to peak in the blood. If you up the dose after six weeks, will it take just as long for the change to happen? Depends on the dose increase. Oh, yeah. You know, I mean, if you're going from not for into 600 milligrams of EQ, we, I mean, most drugs peak about five, six weeks is not just EQ. If you're going from zero to 600 milligrams, if you're going from six months to 800, then that's not going to take another six weeks for that increase to to peak. All right. Dave, do you have any wisdom points today? Nice weather. Hope you're feeling better this week, Dave. That's what Gabe said. I am. Thank you. A little bit snotty, which I always am a little bit snotty. I get about my son as a zombie best. But yeah, in general, I am feeling much better. Thank you. Generally feeling like a concote with life again, whereas last week I felt like it was dying. Sorry, unaliving very slowly. We tell you, actually, I suppose technically speaking, advice, Dave's wisdom more advice. Well, of course, time you had a great comment. I like this one a lot when we were talking about somebody had asked about taking Gabba, while on EQ, she said, for my understanding, it's better to support Gabba production through B5, B6, 5HTP, etc. I like that. Smart gal. Hmm. It just is loud. Do you remember all the sleep products that had Gabba in? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, it will help to relax like the skeleton muscle. You know, and if you can physically get that sense of relaxation, I do think that that does help with restfulness. I don't really have anything. I was trying to think if I had something, and I don't really have anything. It's okay. What's up? I feel I'm going to be very in danger of repeating myself. You, you, you, you, you know, I'm not going to say it before you say it. You, you, you made this into a big thing, you know, I watch a grand thumb. If you guys know who grand thumb is on YouTube, he's another YouTuber. He's actually a real big YouTuber, and they have their dad advice at the end of the show. And it's like this long. They'll be like, Dave, what do you have for dad advice? And it'll be like, make sure you spend time with your kids. Boom, Mike drop. That's it. Versus for you, you can add a pressure on yourself. You made it look like this big novel, the segment. I know. I couldn't say that though. I couldn't say it's bedtime. You kids, because I can't fucking stand my. I'm trying to get rid of the last one, desperately, but it's not working. Keep testing for you. No, no, none of my kids were from it. No. It's acceptable. You said. T's. No, the youngest is like, I'm trying to go around the house. You had a fucking full time job in the mouth, but it isn't happening. No, I'm sorry, guys. I haven't really got anything. I mean, it's okay. It's okay. You don't have to have anything, Dave. We like you just for who you are. You know that? And people were worried about you last week. They're like, oh, Dave looks a little peek at this week. He doesn't look well. I, you know, you can't even self. I am no issue. The bags under my eyes that become very relevant or very visual should when I do these podcasts. Oh, looking particularly bad on it. God, I'm looking old. We're getting there. We're getting there. I'll let you know how my calcium score test goes. I'm going to get that tomorrow. I think they're trying to do for me, by the way. They're like, you can't drink caffeine for 48 hours. And then I look everywhere online, says four hours. Yeah, the other thing with the calcium score, the test has to be done fairly quickly, that's sample deteriorates like a batch. But they're doing, uh, they're doing, uh, it's an MRI. It's a picture. The test I'm doing. All right. I thought you just meant to both test. All right. No, I'm laying in a tube. You laying in a tube? You know, you're going to hang out there. That's, that's what I'm doing tomorrow. See, you get the headphones over there and you can pick your own music. Oh, I don't even know about that. They used to do it, I don't do it anymore, but yeah, you got headphones and you used to better bring a CD and I don't see, you don't have CDs anymore, much, but you used to better bring a CD and it's just a machine and then you better listen. Maybe you could plug my, you know, plug my phone in and I could listen to, uh, you know, Dave, uh, educators. I could, you could listen to me reading little of the buys. Oh, Dave, thanks for sharing the show yesterday by the way. I'm a social media with your big, you know, Dave's got a great social media following guys over on Instagram. He doesn't incredible job. You know, I, I, now great it. Yeah, I do spend hours putting the show together for us and everything and I spend all that time making that picture every week and all that. Dave has that one little job, you know, of just sharing the show with a link in his, in his, in his, uh, stories on Instagram. But it's such an important job. I wanted to take a minute here just to, we can all thank him for doing that. You know, Zach Brownlee this morning kick it off as well because he asked me to share his new ebook. He's got a new ebook, huh? Yeah, training one. Uh, it's doing quite a few much of it. Okay. And I did share it about three days like, um, but I didn't tag him in it. So you are, we don't just want to give me a boost for the for not tagging it. That's like a cow Winnie. Yeah. Well, this is your own thing. This is our thing, you know, I know, I go online. I go online and I see Dave, right? I see him and he's all like, oh, do you want five tips on how to, uh, you know, you're. You're off to do with me. That's my social letter. What are you talking about? Hold on a second here. Hold on a second here. I got something for you here. No, so my social people send me a video, at least if I want a video on this list, this is this. I shared the show yesterday. I tagged Dave. I also put a link in there. Dave didn't do that. So, okay, here's Dave right here. What's this? You know what? What's this? You know, when you do some of your own, you miss his reminds you of it for fucking years. It becomes very well. No, you have nothing to do with this, do you? That's not right. That's not you. Let me explain. Who does that sound like? listeners? Audio listeners? So, how do we just see things? Who does that sound like to you? I, I get a list. I get a, I get a, I get a, I get a WhatsApp message from Tony and she says, I want a video on this, this, this, this, this, and this, and then I go and say it in front of the PC and I do all these videos, then I send them a. And then the videos might come out three months later, four months later, depending on what you schedule it. So, yes, I am, I think useless with it. I know. Hey, by the way, two, one last thing, there was that gear's place on Instagram that was impersonating you and using our videos, right? I reported them. So, did I? As being, the, like, and they ask you, like, what are you reporting this ass? And I said, as impersonating somebody, as impersonating and then the next thing is like who? And then I put in you and I, you know, and then it said, nope, we found that this, this profile is doing nothing wrong. So, that I do it again, right? I'm like, oh, okay, because it's linked to a fake gear site, you know, like scam gear site. So, I do it again. I'm saying it, and I certified right amount, you know, the legal, legal goods that they're trying to sell. And I got a message back again a couple days later. No, we investigated this profile. They aren't doing anything wrong. And yeah, I put an advent for the Pedsco's open. I get blocked from life for a whole year. It's the first thing I thought of doing. That's the first thing I thought of. Yeah, he's like the guy in person, you can get away with it. But the actual real person gets done for it, you know, he's, uh, I get hooked. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in. Dave, are you taking new clients right now? Always. Okay. How do they reach out to you social media? Is that the best place? Yeah, usually to be honest, just on one of the social media platform messages. All right. We've got Dave linked below in the description. So go there, guys. You can reach out to Dave hit me up. Agnaleigh diet. So gmail.com. And of course, go to Strom Sports Nutrition, UK and the US. Get some good health supplements. Get your thrombomex. Keep your hematocritzing. Hey, my gloves and range. Go to turnutrition.com. Use our code think for 10% off over there. SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. Thank you, everybody. For Patreon, we got through your Patreon quest yesterday and for another episode of the podcast. See you soon. Thanks Dave. I mentioned it last week in the live stream. But if Dave is a bit over the Uncle Dave's advice, could you go back to when Dave teaches Scott proper English? Do you remember that? I do. We had like a British word of the day. The same thing? Dave, yeah, it was like Dave teaches Scott English. The word of the day is cocoa humble. Oh, you did that one before. I'm not. Yeah. Yeah. All right, spunk book it then. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if you did that one before. But I just I've heard you say it at least. Something long. It's a good one. I just hired ginger, training, Josh, gold as my coach. Never mind. You'll get over it. All right. All right. I'll break it. He stinks the pacemase, ginger. Aren't you kind of ginger, too? No, I'm right. What's the difference? Right. So, couple of things. Ginger's a stinker piece. Cheetah cards and the soul stealing scatters on light. I'm red. Have you ever heard of Eric the ginger Viking? I think so. No, you've heard of Eric the red. Oh, is that what was that? Oh, I've heard of. Okay. If you see a good looking woman who's got Auburn hair, you say she's a good looking redhead. Yeah, you do not say she's a good looking ginger. Do you? No, you see. Reds are all the positives of the genetics, right? And gingers are all the shit. And Josh is ginger. So, therefore, he stinks the piss. She's a counts. Isn't there something about genetic differences with people who have red hair for a little bit like tolerance for pain or tolerance for medications? Isn't there some truth to that? That's some of it. Yeah. I don't know. Now, my pain tolerance is weird. It depends what it is. Yeah. So, physio can go as hard as they want into my back. My hamstrings, my cows, my glutes, no problem. Touch my chest or my core and I cry like a five-year-old. Let's see. Do redheads handle medications differently? Redheads comprising of one to two percent of the global population, often carry unique genetic traits influencing their response to medication. The is genetic variations impact factors like drug metabolism, pain sensitivity, and anesthesia reactions. Making redheads a compelling focus for pharma, was it? Pharma could cog, cog, cognitive, pharma, cognitive, pharma, cognitive, and that's a good one. Pharma, cognitive, and genetics. All right. I'll bring us in.