What's more nanny to stosterone or creatin? Crazy. Is it though? We produced a stosterone. Do we produce creatin or do we consume it through red meat, Dave? I would say based on adding the two chemicals into your system, the least natural will be the one that has the greatest impact. And in this case, it's you take 50 grams of creatin. You're going to ship from the iron needle, but you ain't growing any bigger. Haha. There's that. Yeah. You increase the dose of tests. You are going to get some direct correlation. What's up guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNaley and all of our programming is brought to you by Evalbloodanalysis.com. You can get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK. Please try and act it. As you guys know, Dave famously yons at the end, beginning of every episode. We just caught it. Halfway through it. Right now. There you go. For anybody who wants to comment and complain, we're also brought to you by TruNutrition.com. Use our code to think over there for additional savings and all your basic bodybuilding supplements. They've got some of the best protein powder available on the market today. Code think it's a 10% off. We're brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition for those of you in the UK. In the US, they've got some great health stacks I'm using. Oh, that's something different. I'm using thrombo max right now and I've got my support max here too. I don't want to show that other one on the screen. Also last but not least, thank you guys from Patreon. Alright, Dave, we've got a ton of listener questions. We're going to answer those as we always do for anybody new tuning in. Dave is an expert witness for the UK court system testifying in cases of PEDs and steroids. You can see he's very attentive, very excited for the program today and he's also an educator to the police, the military and and really in general public of the UK. You may have seen him in the movies under construction one and two when he was 400 and something pounds. Dave, I got a topic for you. Alright, before we get into our listener questions, I did this on a like a live stream ask me anything a couple months ago. I want to get your opinion. Alright, the tears of steroid use dosing wise. Alright, because we have everybody complaining, right, that's not a dose. That's not enough or guys saying that's too much and we kind of talked about this last week. But let's freaking put the nail in this coffin so that everybody can stop there bitching. Let's talk about what are the tears. And here's the tears. I want to know these doses. We've got legit TRT. Alright, then we've got TRT+. Then we've got legit all on cycle. There is no denying it, man. You're on a cycle, which is I know arguably TRT plus is a cycle. But we're beyond that. You can't call it that anymore. You're on a cycle. And then there is like absolutely super charged. I'm going to nation this year. Let's call it those four levels. How does that dosing breakdowns? So for starters, I guess, why is true TRT? A grum. A grum. You're telling me. Is that a grum total? Yes, and then TRT is 2 grum and a cycle is 3 grum. And then if you want to grum mostly is 4 grum plus. No. TRT. I think the clue is in the name. It is testosterone replacement therapy. So therefore my approach is it is the dose required to replicate good healthy natural levels. Okay. Not a bit of range. In range, good healthy natural levels. That's TRT. And I think it's to me, my big bookbearer about the TRT plus and all that thing is not the doses. It's not the drugs. It's the terminology. It's the ownership. It's the ownership. It's the ownership. It's the ownership. It's TRT is a therapeutic medical dose into replicate natural levels. That's it. No more. No less. Don't box. Deal. You want to take more? Fine. I'll give a fuck. Take more. But do not call it TRT. Okay. Now, TRT plus, where does that enter in? And where does it enter? Where does the TRT plus end? And you know, getting into? I would say we are anything above range. Probably capped around three, three hundred, three, fifty, make total of eight. Okay. Let me ask you this. If I normally had like 700 tests on US scale and then I get on TRT and I'm pushing eight, fifty. Or let's just say I had 500 tests naturally. Everything feels good. But then I go on TRT and I'm at eight, fifty. Is that TRT plus? No, it's TRT because you're still within the natural range. Okay. See, stop. It's not where you were in comparison to what you were providing because you go on TRT because your test is low. Yes. It's about not making your test super pharmacological in what is effectively a medical prescribed treatment in the sense of what it smokes to be. If you want to take more than TRT, that's fine, but just don't call it TRT. Okay. Because my issue is that calling it TRT normalizes high use in relative to natural levels, not high uses in overall high use because it is a low dose comparative to a cycle. But when you use the terminology TRT, you normalize it. You make it as being correct, legit and there's no concerns around it. Yeah. That isn't the case. So this is why I've got this strong distinction thing around TRT and cycle. Those things are horrible. Okay. And I think then too. So we get into that TRT plus range. One thing that I think people need to understand too is that so testosterone is a hormone, obviously that exists in our bodies, right? And it acts like that hormonal supposed to at normal doses. But when you start getting above that, it becomes druglike. You know, if you take too much vitamin C, guess what? You just pee the rest of it out. You know, it's not like you can, you know, it's not like you boost your immune system with a gram of vitamin C. And if you take 20 grams of vitamin C, you've got 20 times the immune system. You know, there is an element of as you build that testosterone. Now you start getting a drug like a fact super physiological. So we're getting into that range now with TRT plus. You said it was up to you consider 350 TRT plus. Is that like just total hormone or what are you going to start to? That's total hormone. I think there's, I think there's a, there's not a distinct line. You know, I wouldn't say that 350 is TRT plus and 350 watt is cycle. But I would say that, you know, when you start getting 350, 400, close to five, you're now moving into cyclic sort of dosages. Where I could see argument for someone running 200, being a test and I wonder if it's a, as, as a high cruise or TRT. Yeah. Okay. I would probably personally tell you. I'm guessing in, you know, obviously we're just making this up as we go based off our experience. It's not like this is written stone. I would say for me, maybe my line would be about 300. Yeah. Which isn't that off. Yeah. Yeah. There it goes. I think this quite a broad band of crossover depending on the individual as well. I mean, I do know legitimately no people that have to dose 250 milligrams a week to maintain just a mid-operanged natural level because they're metabolism to drug you so I. So, you know, there are going to be people that fall out of these categories. So, that's why I don't mind having like 150 milligrams crossover band where it's a bit. Yeah. Yeah. So, legit cycles that starts then in, in your book today in this conversation at least at anything from above 350. Well, I would say, yeah, you, you sort of 400, 500 and above is where your cycles are starting. Obviously, with the 400 being, most people's first cycles sort of dose in most people are going to sit around that sort of range for a first cycle or potentially a second cycle. Yeah. Yeah. And you can do a lot. I think that's where most of our listeners are going to live when it comes to cycling. You know, it's kind of in this range. So, all right, I don't know if we need one more section or if we need two more. But anything, what's above what we would call like standard bro cycles? I think the standard bro cycle is probably getting run anywhere from five to 12, 1500. Okay, 12,500. And that's total milligrams. So, that's, that's like 600 tests, 600 EQ or 75 tests, 100 EQ. Yeah. And then I think you start getting into more competitive and serious dosings, gram and a half up to two and a half, cap in off of that free. And we discussed this last week that I think beyond three, there's arguably more negatives than the risk positives at that point. Yeah. Yeah. Like cost to benefit starts shifting massively. And there will be exceptions and there will be occasions where a shaker approach or you know, a really high cycle approach may yield benefit for a short exposure. I cannot see any real advantage to anyone going above four and a half, five at any point. That is so much gear dude. But I know plenty that have done it. Yeah. I never wished that. I mean, yeah, I did, but that was deliberate, but I know plenty of people that have got into those sort of doses through experimentation and just progressively overloading what they do. And then ultimately 95% of them have gone no and pulled back down to the sort of two to an hour three. Yeah, you mentioned that last episode. I think that makes a lot of sense because I feel like I did that myself with progressing and hey, if this much did good, what would a little bit more do in you repeat that process over and over until you reach a point where you're like, wow, the benefit of that wasn't as great. And for me, it's like the logistics. I remember thinking like, God, just the amount of painting that you have to do when you get up to, you know, the over two grams is it can be pretty substantial. Well, I mean, at four and a half, I was putting it the most I put in of test was three gram a week. Okay. And that was a four vial. So that's 10 miller-a-a-a week and it is pretty, it's a lot of sites. So you end up daily injecting not because of you want to spread it out and it says if you think there's any benefit to it, just in the case of it's the only way to get all the freaking oil in. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's where a lot of times guys end up doing more site shots, you know, and they get into the, you know, doubts, rear delts by sets into the triceps. I know you did calves, I'd never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. I wouldn't recommend it, but for some reason, I just told right it well. I don't know why, but I definitely wouldn't recommend it to the average person because in old theory, it should be absolutely horrendous, but for some reason, I got on with it really well. And yeah, I didn't get on with quads, I didn't get on with glutes. I always had a hard time with quads. I felt like the tissue there is just like so freaking dense. It's not like, I don't know man, there's no give to it. It's not very flexible. I tried peck that didn't do much for me. I tried a lot, that didn't do much for me. And both of those sites, it just ended up pooled in a stain and it was really difficult to go to, to put this first. Whereas buys, tries, doubts, and cause it disperser really well. Also too, you had a lot of buys, you know, like if you were at, what were your arms at their biggest? 13 inch. You see, 13? Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty good, man. What do you add now? Like 12 and a half still? Yeah. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, I know you still got it. I've never raised. I've never used to got an arm on you. I've no got much mate. I've no got much. You got a lot, you got a little bit left. As my good friend Dave Calic, you used to say, it was his leftover muscle. He was still a big jack dude. He'd be like, dude, Dave, you look cute. He's like, oh, this is just my leftover muscle. I haven't trained um, five years? Yeah. Longa. Which up what's your name for eight years? Have you trained, it all was that con recently? How's he doing? No, just time. He's, he's, um, so that's all right. I'm seeing him as much as I've like, and I haven't had chance to get over anywhere, because it's just like an hour and a half for me to get through him. I haven't 20 minutes. I can picture him now. Oh, boo, do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a little bit more. But, no, he's just been to time. Time's just been against me for a while now. And I need to get better all good eyes and get back on top of it. But I'm getting it. We gotta get him back on the show at some point. I mean, well, let's just leave you to monetize, but that's. Actually, you know, he'd probably want to come on, because he's done an e-book series. So it'd probably be quite interesting coming on talk about that. Oh, yeah, I think you mentioned that recently. All right, let's, let's plan it. And you guys tell us in the listening audience, couple things. Number one, do you want that con back on the show? And number two, where do, where are your lines in this, like, made up conversation of TRT versus TRT plus versus actual legit cycle of versus like supercharged competitor? I'm curious to hear what our listeners have to say on how those things fall in. Because Dave, like we've talked about it so many times, there's so many arguments about, like, you know, the 10 milligrams anivar is not enough versus, you know, the, the guy saying, the other guy saying that 60 milligrams is going to absolutely obliterate you, you know? I mean, he's personal experiences, well, isn't it? And I think a lot as well, you know, war stories influence this a lot because you lay a guy saying, oh, yeah, I've fought my liver because I took 50 milligrams of anivar and what she's, what really means is I went for a blood test and me all was a little bit high. And I shipped myself because I didn't know what it was. But yeah, there's that. You know, this stuff like that that goes on all the time. I mean, I get people message me about the blood's good. Oh, I'm a good idea. You know, it's just because they don't know so they look at a blood as old as he loves the red and think, oh, shit, he's like, that's normal. That's normal. Well, maybe that one you can do it some about. But that one's normal. Yeah, study show creatin doesn't just fuel your muscles, fuels your brain, research links create into improved memory, focus, and mental clarity, especially while under stress, it helps reduce mental fatigue, supports learning and may even protect long-term brain health. I ordered my creatin from true nutrition, use code think it check out to get 10% off and support this podcast. Power your body and your mind with true nutrition creatin. By the way, this is my actual morning routine mixing 15 grams of creatin into my oats. No flavor, no texture. And hey, since I got married, we stored in this fancy jar so it doesn't look like my wife lives with a bro. But hey, if you're single, just leave it in the bag on the counter. It's totally fine. All right, listen, we got a bunch of listed questions. We got people on the stream too. Hey, shout out to Peter, I own a throw this up there. He says, my favorite pod and I'm catching it live with the help of this channel. I've successfully lost 153 pounds in 10 months. Self-coached and trained the information sheared here is, I think he's a life-changing at the end. The wife's something. That's impressive. That's impressive. Yeah, great job, dude. Yeah, the information here is life-changing and priceless. Thanks for being with us, man. That's exactly what I hope for. You know, it's like it's awesome. I love being able to coach people one-on-one as do you. But you know what, we can reach a lot more people with the channel. And although it's not personalized individual information, if you listen to all these shows, you can figure out a lot on your own. Here's a good question for you out of the chat from last week. By the way, guys, if you want to take part in the next show, comment with your questions. We're going to try to run through as many of these as we can. What's more nanny to stosterone or creatin? Crazy. Is it though? We produce both. Or if we actually, we produce, we produce, we produce testosterone. Do we produce creatin or do we consume it through red meat, Dave? I would say based on adding the two chemicals into your system, the least natural will be the one that has the greatest impact. And in this case, it's you take 50 grams of creatin. You're going to ship from the oven needle, but you ain't growing any bigger. There's that. You increase the dose of test. You are going to get some direct correlation. Oh, yes. Ramana and Danial have got engaged. Yeah, did you cut? Did you come Danielle? Yes, Danielle. Yes. Dan, Beth. So it was a little tough. It was Ramana's 50 if at the weekend of the other day at 14th. And Dan proposed to her. Are you kidding me? Would you say, did you say it was her 50? She's not 50. So guys, that was an inside job. You're 50. You're 56, got so I mean, I guess anything's possible, then. All right. I thought it was 57. And I just shared with you. It was a birthday show on Sunday. She was 40 and Dan proposed to her. And the stupid woman said yes. Hi. Hey, yeah, it's on her now. It's on her. We had a couple interesting points. And I don't know how that. Oh, it was. We're talking about EQ and anxiety and stuff. Somebody said, I've always thought that the mid to high dose provider on would be great for people who come off heavier cycles to get that get depressed and have massive change in their psychological well being provider with DHA and pregnant alone for some or for some other neuro steroids. Somebody commented back saying, provider on his rubbish and he worth doing anything with it. But you know what though, I looked it up and I mean, I entered into my office. It's a mild case. Yeah, it is a mild DHA. It's metabolized by an also tissue. So you're not really seeing an ana, you're not seeing an anabolic effect from it. Yeah, but the only potential I could see, as far as a lot would depend on dosing and I wouldn't even know where to start with dosing would be the potential of low ease of your Oh, yeah, there's that. It's somebody else. Okay. I was going to say somebody else said speaking on an anabolic and mental health stuff. I had panic attacks for years and was on. It was on a benzo a day for 16 years and found out that he had low T after he started T RT. He had no more anxiety. Just in the T RT and didn't need the medications anymore. No, that story several times, particularly UK based because they're very quick to offer out anti depressants. Yeah, right. Rather than look at hormones, I had anxiety issues for quite a few years, but it was down to F3. Oh, yeah, that. Then what you do it. Yeah, I thought that was interesting. So I did look it up, provide on in depression and I did see some stuff that was basically like, hey, antigen's are basically anti depressants. I guess it makes sense, you know, I mean, when we increase our testosterone, we're also increasing dopamine. So, you know, there is that, right? Yeah, I mean, I think the problem is it's a fine line in it before you get an increase in your or an activity. But if it goes to high, you end up with anxiety and over thinking because you got too much or an activity that you can't regulate. I mean, that's one of the main actions from trend with anxiety is it's reduction in stuff like gabba, but it's increasing your or an activity. All right, well, listen guys, if you're new to our content and you haven't seen this show before, welcome. We're happy to have you. This is Dave right here. Hi, Dave. I'm Scott and we would love to have you along for all the stuff we do. So, if you hit the subscribe button and hit the bell, you'll be more likely to see us, otherwise you probably won't see us again. So anyway, either way, we're happy to have you today. And thank you for supporting two mentally challenged individual in the online rumblings. Yeah, yeah. All right, how about this one? I think this guy's having an ACL surgery. Okay, yeah, he says he's currently waiting for ACL reconstruction surgery, which is booked for the 30th of September. So he's got two weeks from the time we're recording this. I want to start a cycle ASP, ASAAP after the surgery to help recovery and repair. I haven't been on cycle for almost two years due to waiting for the surgery, NHS wait times. I didn't want them to deny me surgery because of elevated levels. So I dropped all the gear. I just wanted to know what would be the best to run. I know Test, DACA, and Annavar are highly recommended, but I didn't want to run all of those at once on my first cycle. But I want to get the most I can and put this cycle into helping to recover quicker. Any advice would be great. Just so you know, I have run cycles before my injury two years ago, mainly Test and Master, Winchery Occasionally. He said he started watching a couple months ago and he's watched all the old episodes. Since, oh, and he says recommend recommendation for Dave, since he likes Fizandra, restaurant so much. He would love Hickory's milkhouse, give it a try. No shit. No, he can't. He can't. When you look at the menu it looks really nice, right? It's an American dinner. When you actually eat the stuff, it's all very much the same. It's not really stand out in flavor. Everything has got a heavy barbecue to it and it's just a source. I mean, he's not a true rubbed smoked barbecue. What's American diner, by the way? I just called it diner here. Because it serves American style food. What is American style food? So, for all American style food, these things like burgers, steaks, ribs, barbecue type stuff. I like that. But no, I don't mind, he agrees as a restaurant. He's not a bad place to be, but I'm not a massive fan of the menu. I think it's a bit blunt. All right, what about his ACL reconstruction? He wants to hop on gear straight away. I had ACL reconstruction. Did you know that? No. Yeah, it was years ago, like 97, I think, and it's held up, man. They used a piece of my Patel attendant. So now they'll usually use cadaver. But they used a piece of my Patel attendant from my right knee, strong it up as my ACL on my left knee, meaning they had to flay both legs open for this procedure, meaning my legs were both in splints for 30 days, and I wasn't a wheelchair. I literally, I couldn't walk for 30 days. Now it's a lot faster than that. You're back on your feet, like real quick. Hi, don't think a cycle person needs a good idea. I do think adding supported chemicals is a good idea, but I would avoid a cycle. I see no benefit to it. I would make sure that test levels are healthy. I would definitely look at GH. I would definitely look at collagen. I would definitely look at TB and BPC. You've had some experience with an Avar and injury repair. I haven't, so I'm not sure on that one. I'd just maybe a therapeutic sort of style dose of decade, you know, 50, 100 milligrams on one. So effectively what we've called the T.R.T. Plus. But I don't see any real benefit to running a full-blown cycle because you're not training and that extra level of antibiotics is getting a hard, hard no extra to the recovery. And in an untrained state, antibiotics will weaken connected tissue. So only when we do it, combine with a train stay that we get the connective tissue strengthening. So when you look at the research around antibiotics, they show that they weaken connectivity of connected tissue if the tissue is not trained, but because antibiotics allow for heavier and harder training, if you're training, the actual neck, there's an actual neck gain. So it offsets it and there's an actual neck gain. But I'll see, you're not going to be training that ACL because it's just being built. So I would keep the antibiotics to a minimum and focus on stuff like Grailful, Mom peptides and that side of things. Josh says that it's called an autograph. Those are still done. Worked with the College Football Player who had one a couple of years ago. That's the type I had. That's the notes of Grailful. Grailful. So here, check this up, man. I remember when I got the procedure done, first they went in and they cleaned up all the cartilage. And when they got in there, that's when they realized that the ACL was even torn. They were doing a scope. They removed 90% of the cartilage out of my left knee and they got in there and realized, oh yeah, that's worse. You have torn ACL. So then I had to go back in for that. But they looked at me and they were like, you know what, we need to get that leg as strong as possible first before you go in for the surgery because you will experience muscle loss afterward. And it's crazy, man. So they put me on this machine Dave where you do like it's a leg extension, but it's you can't lift it all the way up and it's hooked up to a machine. It tells you how much how hard you're pressing. And then they said, okay, we want you to follow this physical therapy, which I did to a T. And then come back in I think six weeks and then we'll retest you to see if you've built it up enough. So I come back in six weeks and dude, that's when I realized that I had some level of genetics because I wasn't bodybuilding at the time. But my I remember the short side been wearing for physical therapy. Like my legs were looked normal in a minute first. When I came back, my legs literally were stretching the shorts. And the doctor looked at me and he was like, I was excited because I'm like, I get to do the test again and see how strong I got. He was like, oh, we don't even need to do the test. You're not going to have to do it. We, we, we, you've got plenty of muscle. So anyway, though, after the surgery, it literally just zapped everything. That both legs shrunk down immensely. And that's generally what happens after the surgery. So I could see some level of antibiotics in there being a good idea. But I wouldn't go crazy. Like, I think what he's thinking is, I'm in a blast and do the cycle, dude, you're not going to be able to do any heavy leg movements. This is all about therapy. So I would keep it light, keep it modest. This isn't a big blast. I'm with Dave, TB and BPC, collagen, vitamin C is a huge one. You know, and then from there, maybe a low dose cycle, low dose test with some anovar, 25 a day or a small amount of, you 100 milligrams of DACA, something like that is really all you need, get yourself into a good recovered state. Then if he PCTs, I assume, PCT come off, recover, and then do your next blast. You'll be fine. You'll make more progress that way too. I promise. Yeah, good. All right. How about this one? Oh, nice comment. Professional shelves, somebody says. I don't know, more program they were watching. But yeah, it's just sweet channels, right? You go that rough. Yeah. How about this one? How bad are the health effects, cholesterol, etc. From injectables versus orals, I assume injectables are healthier, but red injectable windstrel is just as bad as the oral form. Injectable forms of orals don't really serve any benefit from their health point of view, apart from the fact that you won't irritate the stomach lining or that side of things. So they're still 17-alculated. They still stress the liver. They still have the same impact on lipids, more or less than might be slight benefits, but nothing that would be particularly noticeable. The lipid argument is a long and varied one. Where's the people still? Very strongly feeling that lipids aren't that much of a concern. I disagree, but I'm open to the fact that that might not be right. Red, red, rubber, or on the side of caution. Yeah. Yeah. And the cardiovascular problem is the biggest problem facing any animal external disease. But generally speaking, injectables are going to be gentle or on lipids than orals, however, dosing is much more capable on injectables. And so dosing can definitely offset the harshness that orals have on that side of health. So you know, 50-minagram of an or 50-minagram of windstrawl, yeah, it's going to be harsh on lipids. But so is 500 pre-mil. Yeah. And probably more so. Because you've got 500 medical hardness, obviously, 1-minagram for 1-minagram, the orals are harsh, but because of the reality of whether doses are, sometimes it's very little difference whatsoever. So, but I'm just to greatly believe in that lipids do play a role in long term cardiovascular health. Yeah. How much directly I know is heavily disputed under the heart foundation has not tied a direct link to LDL being a cause of heart disease, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But I do think the HDL LDL ratio is a very important factor in the long term cardiovascular health. Also, this I personally think that orals tend to zap HDL faster than a lot of your cycles. Well, injectable products, but I mean, then we have to look at what are the injectables, like you said, Primo. I think DHTs are going to be more likely to impact your cholesterol, than say a 19-nore or testosterone-based compound. So, like how about test versus anovar? I would definitely say test would be less affecting on your cholesterol. Grant it assuming that the doses were comparable, right? I agree. What you, what you, what you're getting, you got some business here, attending to, did a little work there on that, like, what you doing there, who are you talking to? I'm talking to my Oxford clinic. You had a question that needs it on, so what's your Oxford clinic? It's a clinic in Oxford. But what is that? What do you mean what is it? A clinic. Yeah, where people go to get their bloodstone. Okay, I didn't know. It could be what they think it was. I take my dog to a clinic, too. You need to go to a fucking clinic. I can't find this one, dude. Somebody had a really good point. He was like, hey, you know, I get where you guys are coming from. I think, but you know, you can't really call it just, like, I don't like the milligrams, the total milligrams. Because trend is a lot stronger. I agree. I know. So, if you're like, oh, you're good at 500 total milligrams. We're like, 500 or total milligrams, I'll what? Very valid point. Yes, I agree. But it's the problem is, to relay information in bite size, consumable bits, it has to be simplified. Yeah. And the reality of this is, though there will be somebody, the vast majority of people are not going to do a primarily trend cycle that will be someone that do. I know that. I know that. So, it's going to pop from the feed. I did. Just try to over. Yeah, right. But that's your unique, your snowflake, your special. We recognize you. Ride the short Boston liquid nose. Yes, but, you know, for the average user, most cycles are going to be test based with some females. I guess one, I've seen it. The stew we come in. Yeah. Scott reminded me of stew from family guy. What you were going on there, Brian? Were you going on that novel, Brian? Do you watch her in the guy ever? I have been off for a long time. Yeah, me, there's been some time. It was a great show, though. I'm watching a weed one at the moment called out with the botlons. The badlands are outward out of the botlons. Out of the badlands. We just watched finish watching Jack Ryan, have you seen that? It was like based off of Tom Clancy book. He's like working for the CIA and stuff too. It's a good show. What's this out of the badlands show? Posted up of a public tick. Yeah, that stuff. Victorian art. And there's the area the botlons is split into five regions controlled by barons, very sort of, calledish. And there's a loads of internal fighting. And it focuses around this region who is like a lead killer for what are the barons. Controls is out of me. He basically is had enough for wants to leave. And he's in love with a medicine woman and she's pregnant. And there's lots of internal, treachery and stuff like this. And then there's these dark ones, which are people with this genetic gift that when they get caught, they turn into psychopathic killers. And they're sort of collected by this lead monk. And it's, it's, it says all a bit, there's quite a few themes going on. But it's not the best produced program far from it, but he's definitely watchable. Yeah, I'll have to make note of that one and check it out. Check this one out in the stream from James. He says, hello Dave. Olympia level competitors. How do they have great skin? Well, on gear. What are they taking? Also, there's no, you use zero periods or any kind of punctuation except for a hello Dave period. Then it's just Olympia level competitors. How do they? It's just one big sentence James. You need to work on your punctuation. I promise. Scott Stuggles with this. You've got to be a little bit more. I do. I guess I'm sharing a little bit of an action. And I don't know where to stop. Because you don't know where to stop. There are a few pros that don't have good skin. And I believe Mr Walker's had some problems in the past. Yeah. Although I don't think it's so much fun. I'm sure of what I've got skin. Do you need for a while? Wait a minute. I don't remember him having bad skin. All right, maybe I've had him. Maybe he was amateur. Well, then maybe I've got that wrong and got it mixed up with some materials. All right. But yeah, I mean, even the pros sometimes have bad skin. I could be wrong too. I don't know. But obviously, I think the difference, the several differences between a true career and your average builder. And one of that is a true career. I wasn't going to work every day. He isn't getting himself in potentially a dirty environment. Everything else goes with that. And their skin appearances part of their presentation. So they know they have to manage that because it's part of how they look. And nobody wants to see a pro showing off a physique if they're covered in zits and acne scars and the rest of it. So there's lots of elements to this. I think potentially there's a genetic element as well. If you're a top pro, you have the genetics to be a top pro and in part that will be tolerance of skin infection the drugs. I think acne is not such a big issue. As it used to be, we'd draw gifts anymore. I think we've got a better understanding of how to control these things now. And so unless somebody is particularly sensitive, he's not something I see coming up anywhere near as much as he used to. So I think in general we've moved on a little bit with quality of products and understanding each other management around its effects on skin and DHT management around its effect on skin. So I think there's a few factors. But I also think that some pros probably have quite heavy skin regimes to keep it up by. Yeah. Yeah, you know, not in kind of one of the things you touched on is that not everybody is genetically predisposed to acne. And that could be a genetic trait for like making you a good bodybuilder. You know, you don't like Ron Partlo has said, like I didn't really ever have stomach issues. So I can't really relate to you. It's like, yeah, I felt bloated because I was 300 pounds. But, you know, he didn't have stomach issues. Just like, you know, a lot of guys are like, I never had acne. Just never was something that came up. No, I never had an issue with acne. No, it's not one now and again, but no, not actual outbreaks apart from when I got the real deep relationships from the face, which was, was true, but it was stress, true toxicity, not hormonal imbalance issues. Yeah. I think too that we learn to manage the compounds that's part of becoming a good bodybuilder, becoming a pro or just becoming an experienced, you know, seasoned vet at the game that I think early on, we start breaking out and we're like, oh, I'm just going to keep push in through this. You know what I mean? Or you get Gino and you're like, ah, what do I do with this? But you keep taking the gear, you know, how do I get rid of this? Like, you know, you kind of figure out how to manage these things. And especially after it happens once, then you're better at being able to catch it. Like, oh, now I know I'm prone to this and you can adjust. Be it pulling the doses back, be certain compounds, be it the nuclear option, running acutane and potentially like Dave Pellumbo's talked about it. I used acutane as well that it will permanently change the amount of oil, the sebaceous gland pushes out. Yeah, so yeah, and yeah, I think that those are all factors there. Also too, once you put the tan on and you can kind of hide acne, you know, there is that there's this lots of factors. I think as well when you're when you're more or should say less experienced, what's going to say more naive is one of those so long to immerse it. As long as you're when you're less experienced, your your cycles are much more precious to you when there's you've been cycling for a number of years. You're not so opposed to stopping a cycle short because things are quite going out. You want them to go and you understand that actually if I stop this now, regroup and come back at it, I'm probably going to have a better situation than if I try and push through it. Right? So, and I think that comes with experience and time where you're much more milling to walk away from a cycle even though it's not finished. Whereas I think when you're in your second or third cycle, you're still very much, I have to do the 10, 12, 16, whatever weeks I've planned, I've got to do them. I've got to stick the course. Yeah, absolutely. What are you just doing? Well, I got this product from a parabolic and I haven't even opened it yet. They sent me this. I'm so you decide to do it half with you. You're moan about me answering a question to a clinic and you're sat there on wrapping early Christmas presents. Well, this is a it's topical copper peptide. I don't know if you've heard about copper peptide, but it's being used for skin regeneration. This is a do you have some skin that needs regenerating? Yeah, dude, I'm 57. Remember? 58. Now, so what skin are you regenerating? Your false skin? That's gone. Long gone. I am going to, uh, I'm going to, am I doing a little rejuvenation therapy? We'll see if I look younger with it. I'm going to try. I'll keep you posted. I'll keep you posted. Why not just spend 79 cents and get a filter? But I can do that cheaper. Just put a piece of Serenir app over the lens about that. It's been improvement. Oh, thanks, dude. Thank you. All right, I'll keep you guys posted though. I am kind of curious to see what this stuff does. We're not in the best. I know you're not at all, you know, by the way, somebody had a comment. Please tune into drugs and stuff for Scott Skincare routine. Hey, dude, this is bodybuilding, really. This is bodybuilding, Dave. You remember last week you mentioned something about, uh, I thought bodybuilding was lifting weights and taking drugs. Okay, gone. I mentioned something about what a god knows. I took all sorts of shite. Um, he, okay, I can't find it now. But he had said that he had, uh, what was it? The, the whole thing with you, you had asked last week about SLU in the new peptides and will that be an excuse for people to be able to like run more gear year round. He said, well, you know, a lot of these guys are using it now. So the proof is going to be in the pudding soon enough because we're going to start seeing the results. Are we seeing guys with like substantially better labs? You know, I don't know. The thing is, it's taken probably 10 years for UC's trends to actually start to present in health concerns now. Yeah. I think some cases five. Um, so, you know, we've, we've used thyroid meds for years and we've always been very much of the opinion thyroid's pretty robust. You can pretty much hammer it. It's going to be fine. And now I'm starting to see people with thyroid problems. Not loads, but more than I used to. Okay. So we're genuinely seeing people start to have thyroid issues from low and toe mix, exposure to stuff like T-13. But that's taken years to become an issue. So I do think we're probably going to be a good five years down the line. If we do see a trend to more long-term higher doses, support at buy these anti-oxidin peptides and that sort of thing, I do think we're going to be a good five push years down the line before we see any result from that sort of behavior. Yeah. Yeah. I can tell you this. So UC Sumas with us. He's been using it and he just finished a long contest season. A third show this past weekend shot out to him by the way. He looked incredible. Climate mine. He's with us right now. And he had been using redda and SLU. His labs looked fantastic six weeks into DHB. And now we're going to get labs tested again. Like they were his best-ever labs, you know, on cycle. So you know, in a prep. So we'll see, you know, we'll see. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's going to be interesting. Yeah. I've got no fall gone conclusion at all. I have just no idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's going to be interesting to see how things went out. But for Stania also adds on the acne thing. She said vitamin A is pretty underrated as a preventative supplement during cycles reducing oil production. She's definitely right about that. I'd say you were a good little old school trick as well using hadn't shown his don't have shampoo as a body wash. Your mic is really loud today. This like all the. Oh, that. I don't know why. I'm just I don't think it's your fault. It's always my fault. So that's that's for a specific type like, um, is it fungal, fungal-based acne? It works. It drives skin. So it works for a lot of I'm not saying it kills it completely, but it does help keep it under control. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen that too. Also, um, if it's DHT related, Nizoro 1% shampoo is good. We have to get a prescription for that here. It's also good for, I wouldn't say hair restoration, but you know, maintaining hair. Hmm. Hey, you handsomes? You get on gear, young and stupid and say, no, I don't ever want to have kids fast forward 15 years meet the girl your dreams and you're like, shit, I want to have kids. Could you guys go over the best ways to restore fertility on TRT? Mate, you don't want kids. Trust me. You do no one kids that are a little expensive bastards. Stay in fertile. Get a rabbit. All right. So. Get a rabbit. I have it stink dude. I mean, they're cute. So kids. Yeah. That's a good point. Generally, I would look at, I've stick to our T to being quite straight. I don't think there's any real benefit to running it slightly above or anything about nature. I do Hcg somewhere around the 300-hour you mark. Monday Wednesday Friday or every other day. And then HMG 75-hour you, Monday Wednesday Friday, however, HMG is not cheap. So if you're struggling for the cost point view target it for like a week, 10 days prior to when your partner is most fertile. So you're given that sperm the best kick you can before you actually want it. One grab of our carnitine at day will help with sperm mobility and make them little bogus swim better and fit many. Okay. Yeah. What about, uh, did you mention Clomed or uh, and Clomed? No, I, so I know, I think Clomed Clomed is definitely very good for female, by the way. So I think a lot of people don't realize that. Got to be careful with it though. That's all the quickest way to have quadruplets. Yes, I say you could also have multiple birds with Clomed as well. I was just about to say that. But um, I'm, I'm on the fence how effective Clomed is in a TRT fertility, sea scenario, definitely in a natural fertility scenario, but I'm not sure how effective it is in a TRT. Okay. So I'm working with a guy who um, just came off everything for the past several months. In fact, we literally just started back up on cycle this past week. He got the go ahead and the clear from his doctor. Um, but they're in a fertility program. And so he's been off using, uh, I believe he was on Clomed and he's working with the doctor, but I believe he was working with Clomed and Hcg and he's been off all testosterone and he's maintained all of his muscle dude. He's maintained his body fat. In fact, he's maintained his strength. He never had a crash because of that combo. Um, I think if you're off Clomed on Obedax, he's, he's, he's a very positive movie. Yeah. So I'm just going to throw that out there to him that we're afraid that like we have to come off all together. I mean, he wasn't making massive strides forward, but he, he made some good progress still. Like, and he, he maintained everything. Because here's the, the, the, the, the, kick in the pants of it. Dave, like we started working together. He started making tremendous progress. And then his wife was like, hey, let's have another kid. And then all of a sudden in the middle of all of this, he's been on T.R. T. forever, right? We've run cycles to, you know, together, working together and, and now he's got to come off. And I was like, oh, man, this is going to be the end of everything, right? No, no. He like maintained everything and kept getting stronger. So don't be a afraid of potentially even coming off and running a program like that worked for him. I've seen it work for other guys too. But there is that, you know, and hey, if it didn't work, let's see, you get six weeks in and you're like, oh, God, this is just awful. I feel terrible, you know, then you could always go back on, right? Yeah. And I say, it's, I don't, it, it depends on the individual person at the end of the day. There's no, a lot of people think they have to come off and they don't. But you can obviously try it and it's not going to do you any harm. Yeah. But at the end of the day, if you come off and you can't get it up in the first place, you might make your no kids do my arm or spoon, you'd say. Yeah. All right, we've got enough time for a couple more here. Hey, guys, we're going to the show. Thank you for this channel. It's been an amazing source of information. Thanks Bob Gladwick and help you. He says, I've had Guy No from Peter, Puberty. It's not horrible. I'm going to start running test, G. H. Slow taper 30 milligrams a day of probe to start in two. I use of G. H. Testing bloods after four weeks, increasing 10 milligrams, depending on how the results differ from my nanny blood work. See what I can handle before my E2 starts going up getting out of range before I began raising the G. H. 2. I have a rummissen Nova cable, T-ball, mass P, test P, G. H. On hand, any recommendations to mitigate size would be greatly appreciated. I was considering picking up some anovar in doing a low dose 10 milligrams a day for my first cycle, for the length of my cycle, for the drive muscle connection and health properties or healing properties. I also have SS31, Rada, on hand when I start to lean bulk again. I think he potentially have a thinking this. Yeah, I like that. That's a little bit long-winded. So, away from the main topic, Reta, I'm a bit like, do you really want to be used? Reta in a cut scenario, get it, understand it, not a problem. I'm still a bit confused about using retarine a bulk scenario. I understand the improvement in blood glucose management and rest, but that can be achieved in other ways. I don't understand why you'd want to draw that suppresses your appetite, even though it is the mildest of the 3GLPs when you're trying to grow. So that's just a throw away that puts at the end. I can respond to that. Okay, well, Lana. I will say that there are additional health benefits too. Like, the toxic in the liver, keeping yourself if you're in tip-top shape and your insulin sensitivity is high. Oregon health is great. And you're able to, what I'm finding is it's dose dependent. So, like you mentioned, it's out of the the 3 common GLPs, it has the least effect on appetite. And generally in bodybuilding, I'm not seeing it being used higher than maybe 2 milligrams. There are people using more than that, I'm not saying they're not, but at least 2 and like the people I talked to, my coaching, I've been around 1.5 to 2.2, and occasionally 2.5. But we don't really go higher than that. And we're getting good effect in a fat loss state. Down to 1 milligrams in a growth phase, I don't really notice much changes in appetite. I'm not going to do anything any benefits in the growth phase of the industry. It's hard to say this early in. Yeah, it's hard to say whether it'll be worth it or not. But I'm not seeing it take away from people's ability to eat. And if that were the case, there's been actually, you know, what I take that back. I had a client two weeks ago, Massage Me. And this was the most perplexing message he said. I'm having, I can't help but cheat on my diet. This guy is always 100% years. In fact, he's one of my oldest clients. You see Summa, I've literally worked with him for 10 years straight. This guy met, this met or you see Summa met me through this guy. So I'd been working with him on and off since before Matt. Anyway, so he's always been 100% he said my, my, I've been cheating on the diet and cheated on like three times. I mean, having our time to control myself because of the redder. What? So is that, do you think that's a case of that you get an initial mile suppression? And then as the reds are starts to die off because you're not doing the three condos in the, you get in almost a rebound in up and toe. He's in a growth phase. He's eating a surplus right now. So it didn't make any sense to me, right? I had the same look on my face that you just did. I dug in further. Here's the deal. He said that his appetite is so blunted. He has zero, like interest or ability to eat his clean food. The only, so he's starving that the only thing that would remotely sound okay to put in a stomach or things you have salue loves. Yeah. That's a final. We pulled the redder, he's back on. But yeah, in general, I'm, I'm not seeing it have that negative effect. I am seeing it being a fantastic tool to get somebody like to key it up to be super insulincensitive and start barking. But yeah, time will tell whether the one milligrams of difference or not. So sorry, carry on. Okay. And then the other thing was I was just going to say, I think you're overthinking it and being a little bit overcourses. I appreciate that you don't want to listen to the guy know. Yeah. But I think a preventive measure of nova dex would be a start point. And then I think you just need to, the thing is you're going to do four weeks and you're going to test and you're going to put a little bit and you're probably going to, you'll be 12 weeks of messing around before you actually got to a dose that's going to do anything. So I think you're going to start a bit higher going a little bit harder, but just bucket it with a lot of nova dex. At the end of the day, you're not going to develop guy know instantaneously. You're going to get information primarily first before this tissue formation. So you're going to get a warning. I might not be the longest of warnings, but it's not going to be an instantaneously fact. So you will know if it's coming and therefore you can address it. So I would be a little bit not care three, I think that's the wrong approach, but probably a little bit less cautious in you are being thought I'd do understand why you are. So what would you say would be a reasonable plan here then instead? Well I wouldn't use prop for a start. Yeah. And I would probably start. I mean it's his first cycle. It kind of sounds like it is. Yeah, so I'd probably, I'd probably be cause of the guy know issues. I'd probably start for a minute and not test a week. Yeah. And you would run nova dex with it. Mm-hmm. Okay. And I mean you could even get away with also running say 12.5 mg of rumours into ice week on top of that because we know it is going to be elevated each year not free 100. So then anything we don't know is sensitivity levels, but if we've got nova and a little bit of rumours in just to take the edge off tested four or five weeks, you know, I'm just from there unless you experience any sides prior to that. So like 20 milligrams nova dex is a standard tablet. Would you use 20 a day or half that or oh, I'd start with 20 a day. Okay. There's not real negative at that point. Yeah. And you're only talking in four or five weeks so you get your first test in and see what you are. Yeah. So four to five weeks get your labs run. I bet you he sees low low estrogen if he's doing all that with 300 tests. You know what I mean? It's going to be a big, like you said he's overthinking it. It'd be a big worry for you know. I understand why. I mean I think anyone who's experienced guy know naturally is going to be incredibly cautious about using antibiotics because they don't want to trigger what they feel is a pro. But often Pew Best and Guy know doesn't carry into other world as well. I mean I know plenty of people that have at Pew Best and Guy know they have no issues in management issues in other worlds. So there's you know he's not that sir that he's going to carry through. I did more so earlier on in bodybuilding and I just feel like the sensitivity isn't what it used to be now. You know or maybe I'm just better at managing it or recognizing it before it's a problem. Well I think when you take it's grown out big you've got no choice but to accept the tests now so you don't know he's this little difference is anymore. Day spoke about conditioning work during a bulk slash blast would hit training three days a week with a sandbag along with sprints be just enough to keep things moving but not so much. That's your mental returns. I would say so yeah. That's why they 25 minutes each session. That's brutal man. That's brutal. You guys are going to be hating you by the time he's done with that first session isn't he? Everybody I used to be. Is that your uncle's was him for the day? No I've actually I've saw a got some. You're kidding me. No I sent you a message about it. Oh you did that's where I even forgot you but that helped you remember. Yeah. I can't remember what I sent you. I sent you a message about. Yeah me too. I can't remember either. Let's see here. Do you remember we're going to talk about? One was the B light water. Okay. That was one thing I sent you. I know everyone's going to know what that's Bruce Lee which is Bruce Lee and that's exactly where it came from but I'll explain the background to that and then the other one was some of that are speeding fine. Speeding camera and Sweden? That's it yes. Okay so I'll start with the first one. Dave said. Who am un-for-a-d. This actually happened. So in Sweden. Seven. They changed a speeding camera so that it didn't issue points or notifications of fines to people that's spread. Okay. What it did is it financially rewarded people that didn't speed. Oh wow and it proved to be so much more successful. I'd be rich right now because I do pretty good. And the real thing. So and like my reason I brought that up was that it makes a very, very valid point that though fear of repercussion or discipline will cause people to perform you will always get better performance and more long term performance if you reward good performance. But the key is that you reward good performance. You don't reward adequate performance. So as say you employ people or even in just the people you work with you maybe a team manager, you should expect a certain standard of performance from your staff or your team. And you shouldn't make excuses if they fall below that because they should be a minimum standard that they're achieving but if they go beyond that you should reward that. That will not only make the person that achieves of them beyond be a free, feel appreciated and wanted and being encouraged to do more it will also create inspiration in the others to step up to perform more rather than a punishment mentality which just forces people to do enough to get through without getting bogged. Yeah. I could go with that man. That was that one. And then the other one and I haven't read the book in the slightest. It is sat at the side of my bed and my wife put it there for some weird reason and it's the Bruce Lee book be like water. Well written by his daughter actually. But I got thinking about what he meant by be like what? Now I don't know if this is Bruce's philosophy on it. It may well be or it may be slightly different of come up with me. I'm sort of version of it but to me, the I water is actually quite a nice little sort of mantra because if you like water you're always striving to move forward. Okay you're always progressive. If you like water you will mold yourself around obstacles so that you can continue to progress rather than waste your time dealing with an obstacle which in most part is going to take a lot of effort or be unmovable. And the other thing was that water erodes problems slowly. Yeah, but it's powerful though. It's powerful. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the Grand Canyon. The only time water to relax reacts harshly is when you hit it with a blunt force trauma directly. And I feel that that's a very good way of approaching problems in life. If you have a problem in life that presents itself you work your way around it so you can continue to progress but be mindful of the fact that you need to erode it one way or another. But if something blocks your passage completely and sharply then you meet that with equal force. So you're not a pushover and you stand up for yourself when challenged but if it's a non-challenge and obstacle just work around it. Don't make a mountain out because it doesn't need to be. So just work around it but also work on removing the obstacle long term. Yeah. I think that is more or less what he was doing. It was like the flexibility or the adaptability of water, water and water can get into any crack there is. Water will get into that. No, so I just got me thinking about it and I thought, well you know what that wouldn't be about little chop for the show. So there you go. This book called Dr. Zeus. Yes, body mind mastery by Dan and he is a sports psychologist. Great author too and he wrote a book called The Way of the Peace of the Warrior that they made into a movie which is really good and it just me to the idea of mindfulness. Great movie if you want to see it for like super super great stuff I think that we can all learn from and it was based off of his own life too to degree. He used the analogy of like being a rock versus bamboo. Bamboo like a stick of bamboo out in the field is super flexible that the the snow will come down on it. Bamboo will bend. It has that flexibility versus the rock won't. So the water gets in between the cracks and eventually it will break down but the same kind of idea of like being being malleable you know. One of our listeners who just competed at the wings of strength show rising Phoenix Kate Ananzio. She had told me at one point she's she's her job titles basically a change expert she works with individuals and companies to help them embrace change basically and she said that the most successful people are the people that are the most resilient. And it can be hard to be resilient and change like awesome somebody a diet change Dave and sometimes they're like oh god but you know what do I do it's like well you need a half cup less rice you know but I already have my food prepared you know yeah what just take that half cup out you need a half cup less you know and if you're pret food and change it when you're pret food is done yeah yeah it won't be the end of the world. No I'm a scott will shower yeah because he's he's now yeah one day is not going to make a difference but yeah I think we all do that though you know we can be like resistant to change like I'll get caught up and I'll be like but but but but but but if I really think about it I'm like wait that's not a big deal at all yeah I think we all do that I think we all react emotionally quite often to change and you know where I get she's sitting down looking at me I get caught up with driving because I don't leave the house a lot so I'm like well crap it's already four o'clock Dave I don't want to go up to the store now because when I drive home it's going to be rush hour and that means I'm like dude what does that mean it means I might be on the road for five more minutes is it that big of you don't I mean but I'll talk myself out of having gone to the store I'll be like oh wait till tomorrow I'll go it noon it would be a lot better then I think we all do it to various degrees of various things but yes yeah I'm about for that as well I like that guys leave us questions for the next show and you know leave us a comments too do you do a like Uncle Dave's advice did you learn something from Uncle from your Uncle Dave today I want to know leave us questions leave us comments tell Dave that he's loved because he needs to hear that and his life he doesn't have a lot of people that tell him how important he is so he he needs that encouragement okay he doesn't think he does he doesn't want it but he needs it all right also you know what I do need what do you need I mean Patricia no I need my glasses to sell you face straight you don't need a supercharger anymore oh I still need a supercharger but no the glasses will not sell on my face straight and it is really annoying that I'll be I notice that is it that one of your ears is maybe an inch taller than the other I think I've just got one key hey I think it's just one ear is up here maybe we appreciate you guys tune it in check out Strauss portion nutrition go we've got all the stuff links below by the way supplement source.ca for Canadians Trinutrition.com code think and of course eveble at analysis.com go over there get your lab done by Dave if you're in the UK you guys have places set up all over England don't you and more coming we just wait in for the API to be set up so we can log in but yeah okay how about the the uh is I like to call it pillars a gear do you guys have are you doing any uh any course when in the moment the next one starts probably beginning to middle of October I'm also at the gasp event at fully pub gym on sunday okay with Nathan styles and Phoebe Goodwin and a few of us and there's gonna be a Q&A in some of it some that's going on oh no kidding you're gonna answer questions I am a Nathan and we're doing blogs as well so yeah it should be a good little day that sounds like a great day I think there's a lot of gasp goodies going through as well are you gonna wear a gasp shirt while you're there no yeah I guess that would make sense when they yeah thank you to everybody from patreon we appreciate you guys oh Dave I forgot let me ask you one more what you pull me super charger yeah I got a patreon question I want to make sure I got this one on from Nick so last last five minute crew um would there be any benefit to introducing oral compound or low dose of trend like 70 milligrams a week at the beginning of a bulk cycle for the first four to five weeks in a bulk or would it be best saved for a cut and maintain healthier bloods plan is to do an 18 week bulk followed by five weeks hold then 10 to 12 weeks cut testing EQ will be there for the duration of the 38 to 40 weeks cycle where NPP will be used during the bulk and possibly adding in more other compounds in the cut such as an oral trend in mass have decided yet and determined by blood work no yeah I agree it's already got a lot going on there doesn't yet you're already planning why I have to work I would not be putting toxic stuff in other than yeah even it low dose I wouldn't bother with it you you don't need it for one and if you get it I'll add it towards the end yeah guys for another episode of the podcast we'll see you soon thanks Dave