This is exactly what this is perfect. This is all you need to see. That's all you need to see is my intro. Yeah, the Martin's throwing up, right? Yeah. So yeah, that's just that's all you need to see. Brett Brett is where it's at for K. The world needed. My generation needed during and Lee wrote. Yeah. Then the next generation needed branch and Johnny. They were culturally required to keep things healthy. Yeah. And you know what's like what's like demographic. Yeah, it's like what happens to this society if rock and roll music isn't there. Yeah, it goes in. It goes a straight. It's like if you don't have too much Michael Jackson. Yeah, you don't have guys like this. You know, you don't have these guys in this in the pool with everyone else. Yeah, the world isn't right. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm a big round part. On the road home from Miami and not with us right now is our friend Dusty Han Shah. So it's just me and Scott the producer holding it down. Remember to like share, subscribe and comment and ring the bell. Yes, beautiful. Okay. So Dusty's gone. That's okay. You guys have done a few with help me. We'll just be really efficient. We'll just move through things. We'll blast through some. What have we got? We got a fun topic. Then we got some overunders. Yep. Yeah. We have a bunch of listener questions. We're ready to reiterate it. I mean, the main topic is five body builders that you should be following their training. Yes. I took a poll before the show and by took a poll. I mean, I talked to a handful of my clients. Guys that train really hard. All right. I'm the anonymous and I said, hey, who would you say everybody should follow training was? And they threw out some really good stuff. People I would have thought of of course. And then, and then a couple of it. Like I was like, oh, yeah. He's definitely on the list. Here's the thing to run. There's a bunch more people that we're not going to mention today because there's, you know, there's so many good trainers out there. So I want to encourage to as we get into that topic. Anybody at home anybody who's not on the list tell us who else should be there. And if you can think of any honorable mentions along the way, you're welcome to, but yeah, we're going to leave a lot of people out today. I think on that. Well, I did one more extension of your poll. I asked my training partner. Okay. I got it. You ready to ask the story. Ready? Ready? Live. Nice. Now I'll get one more person's input because I thought you know I forgot to ask. Braden. And we'll see if he picks one of the five that we already have here. We've got a bet. It's like three of the five. I guarantee. Because like the people that you've got back on your poll. Yeah. I'm like, oh, I bet Braden's like, that's one of the reasons I wanted to ask him. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I did, too. It's like I know that, you know, these guys train hard. They're going to come up with some good answers. Should we just jump straight into that or jump straight into it? And it was funny. Obviously we didn't have a lot of time to go over this list, but it was a quick list. And as soon as we got it, we're like, oh, yeah, all these are great answers. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Here's one guy by the way that's not on the list Ryan just commented. Summer felt has a great channel. Yeah. So we don't have him on the list. We're already down one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Great. Maybe it'll be a predictable list. But we'll see. I'll start here. Let me see who I can grab first. We've got, uh, who is this? Who is this? Oh, that's an obvious one. We're not going to go there. That's another obvious one. Let's go here. Let's go here. Who is this? What do I got here? We've got a hollings head. That's a classic. Yeah. No, definitely. So I tell my clients to follow hollings head. Yeah. There's more than one person on this list that I do that with. Yep. But I tell people to follow hollings head just because, you know, not only kind of coach for him, like, you know, like his my friend. Yeah. But I've trained with him multiple times. So I can vote for like, you know, whoo. He can do all that shit. You know, like, it's not that's not a special day for him. He didn't get, especially psyched up for that moment. That was just an old leg day. He's feeling good. Figured I'm going to put seven up to feel it feels, you know, but yeah. Yeah. Real badass, like good combo of badass mentality with like, you know, the hardcore training and all that stuff that we love as an element of getting good combined with constantly constantly thinking and tweaking and making adjustments and trying to, you know, get the most out of his training. So he's great to watch. He's just by the way for our audio listeners. We're watching a video of him just wrap out seven plate squats. You know, not a warm up, but, you know, it doesn't look like the hardest thing ever. Perfect for man. Like, and you know what to. With the kick spot. You got to throw it out. It's his wife's bottom, right? Right. Yeah. We just had a reaction video to him on Blood Sweat and Gear the other week. And he mentioned he was like, you got to, you got to be married to this thing. Like, you got to get in there and show up every workout. Yeah. And that kind of reminded me of something. I thought of that because of something you said about like, this isn't him just like getting up for the camera. Like, this is the way he trains. And I've heard that before. Like, I remember hearing Foo-A'd say, If years back now, he said, like, if you came in trained with me, you know, like, you could get up for it. You know, maybe you take some extra pre workout. You prepared. You made sure you got all your hydration, all your food for a few days. You're getting ready. And you keep up, you know, but to train with a pro at that high level every single day. Yeah. Every day. That's the exact same thing. That's what's really impressive with guys like this, you know. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly right. And I remember that exact Foo ad quote. Do you? Right. Yeah. I do because he was like, like, if someone want a contest, they could come and train with me and they train legs and they'd hang. Yeah. But we got back tomorrow. And then we got shoulders Thursday. And then we had chest Saturday. And then there's legs again on Monday. And you got to be here. And if you're five minutes late, I'm really irritated. And then we're off to it. Like, it's like, you know what I mean? Like, it's not just, can you train with me? Can you train with me? Can you hang with me? Can you do extended business with me for an extremely long period of time? Yeah. All right. I got another one on the list here. And we got another good one. I guess we're staying in the UK for now. Got a little bit of a kuba challenge. I know. And you got a couple weeks out. Yeah. And you got to get the funny thing is as soon as you said, hey, I got an idea for a question. Yeah. And you told me, I was like, oh, well, kuba's name is going to come up. And then you listed, you're like, some names came up so many times. And kuba's the first name he said. Like kuba's name kept coming up. And I'm like, yeah, of course. And he's on this channel. But that's because we associate with like minded people. So it's no super. That's it. Man. That's it. By the way, we tried to get kuba for the show today. And he couldn't make it because it is eight past eight o'clock in the England time. And he is asleep at 8 p.m. That's his bedtime. Right. Yes. Look at that. Look at the speed on these negatives on this pendulum squat. Boom. Yeah. And you know, it's funny. I know that there's a lot of, you know, the science-based community now is saying, like, the negatives don't matter. Just don't matter. Yes. The only thing that negatives do is drain you of strength for your next rep. Nope. I guess that's okay. Nope. I think they can say that. But even if the negative doesn't contribute, I still think the best idea is to control your negative completely so that you can put the most torque on the target muscle out of the bottom. You know, that you don't get that, that, you know, bounce reflex stretch. Oh, last one. I'll ask the response. Yes. The last response. Yes. Yes. And I know we use that to our advantage when the reps get tough. We use a little bit of that. Yeah. That's how athletes, that's part of being, that's an athletic thing. That's a, yeah. It's a nervous system, neuromuscular. To help make something easier. Yes. It's a neuromuscular skill, really. Yeah. So I know we do use it on the hard reps later. That's very advanced thinking. But I think controlling your negatives is going to be the most efficient way to put stress on the muscle when you do the rep. So even if they're correct and there's no link, which I don't believe we can conclusively say that at this point. No, we can't. I still think it's best to control them and, you know, that's what Kube is doing, you know. 100% man. This smart guy smart guy minimizing the trend now that we've all come to learn our lesson. And I, I hope that trend that trend with a D. I always get you that confused. No, whatever he'll win does. I hear what I want to hear. Yeah. Yeah. I know. And the thing now is everyone's trying to minimize risk. Oh, yeah. And I think my generation had like gladiator mentality. I will admit that we did a lot of other shit. We took all the risk. And I like to think that the next generation can learn from that and minimize the risk. And that's what you're seeing with all the machine training now, the really smart controlling movements. This is all with where this is all rooted in just minimizing risk to extend your years, you know. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let me see what else we got here because we have us. So that's, so with it's five and four in no particular order. Let's see. There's James. There's this one. We'll go to him. All right. Let's go here. Here's here's a good one. This is Brett Wilkin. Now Brett Wilkin. I would say that he is. I would say he's. This is exactly what this is. Perfect. This is all you need to see. That's all you need to see is. Yeah. The Martin's growing up, right? Yeah. So yeah. That's just that's all you need to see. Brett Brett is where it's at for. Hey. The world needed. My generation needed. Dorian and Lee Roy. Yeah. Did we need it? Then the next generation needed branch and Johnny. Yeah. We're culturally required to keep things healthy. Yeah. And you know what's like what's like demographic. Yeah. It's like what happens to this society if rock and roll music isn't there. Yeah. It goes a, it goes a strain. It's like if you don't have. It's too much Michael Jackson. Yeah. You don't have guys like this. You know, you don't have these guys in this in the pool with everyone else. Yeah. The world isn't right. And I like to take the, you know, they're doing crazy shit. And, and, and, and, and when you follow these guys, what you're going to get. I think it's important to follow someone who maybe does some formula stuff. Yeah. So you're exposed to it and you're going to see that in the list. We've kind of see that with Cuba. Cuba's very. Very. Yeah. Like, hey, I wrote down that forest rap and I wrote down that. He's very on that, right? Yeah. I think these these guys, I think Brett and, you know, obviously Martin, I think they're a little bit more, hey, I'm not quite fucked up yet. What do you want to do? Do one more thing. Right? Yeah. Right? Like, hey, we should do one strip set on the like, press to finish. Like, one more. One more. What can we do on this set? Like, you know, I think there's some, we need some. Got into wishing involved in that. Yeah. You know, in a little bit of like, say to a massacism, you know, there's also a little Indiana Jones. Where could we go? What's, what's on the other side of this rap? Like, I see, I see all these guys is like, there's like, you know, if they're holding up part of what bodybuilding is, you know, it scares me because I like these guys a lot. And I want to see both of them do really well. You know what I mean? But I understand they, and they're safe. You know, they're not, they're not doing anything like stupid. They're, you know, but they're, they, they, they are, you know, come on, mother fucker. Yeah. Yeah. And then we, the world needs a bit of that as a home Saints guy. Now, I'm with you, man. I'm with you a hundred percent. You know, all right. We've got two more on the list here. And like I said, guys, we're only going to have five people here. And we need you to tell us who else belongs on this list. Yes. Of course, we've mentioned him so many times. You guys knew that he had to be here. And I had to pull up the T bar row, the chest or the T bar row. Because when I think about a chest supported T bar row, I think about Justin Shire. Like that's what I'm doing. Yeah. This is the way it's supposed to look. You don't know. No, I know. Justin's a guy. I tell all my clients to follow him. Yeah. I'm like, if you don't know how to do an exercise, just go on this guy's Instagram and just scroll until you like see it. Cause yeah, he covers everything. And, and, and then you saves me like a hundred text. I think I think Justin saves me about a hundred text with every client. Yeah. I do a lot of time. Yeah. I do a lot of time. Yeah. It saves me a lot of time. And the best part about Justin is I don't pay him at all. So it's all free to you. Yeah. I mean his fault for putting in the stuff out there for free. I mean, he could make this into an app, you know, just him training. Be like, you want to see my row? You don't just subscribe. Right. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah. It really is. The level of control that he has in this stuff is incredible. And it's in everything he does, you know. I want to see if I can pull up. What else do we have here? How about this? I haven't much to leg press in a while. Let's see this. You know what? I'm really noticing Ron. Everybody Brett was doing it. You're going to see Justin doing it. Much more depth on the leg press than what we used to see. Yeah. You know, and I think it's for the good, honestly. I remember when Blood and Guts came out and we all saw how deep Dory and actually went. Yeah. Because he sinks so it's pretty good. And on that side on the side, right? I remember we all were like, oh, got it. Like, because I was like taught this old school like going to 90. Right. Right. You go to 90. You don't want your hips to roll at all, which is true. But if you got good hit mobility and you got some good ankle flexion, you can get deeper than that. Yeah. And so I remember when we all saw Blood and Guts, we were like, oh, we're on the right track. We're doing the hacks all the way. I'm smashing the hacks and everything. I was just misquadding all deep. Like I was always like that. But the leg presses were purposely sort of like, you know, just touching my chest with my quads a bit, right? Yeah. And so yeah, Justin is full range of motions. He's using one of those hustler pads or whatever. Those are cool. Yeah. They're cool. I mean, on our prime, we have that, we have the prime leg extension. I get plenty deep on the last hole. I put it all the way to number one and I'm like, it's deep as I need to put B. Yeah. Imagine that pad helps if you put on another setting and you need a bit more room or I mean, he's got shorter legs, so maybe it really really comes in handy with him. And you could put it on any machine. This strivet might be not quite as deep. I know my leg press or excuse me, my extension, it doesn't get quite as deep. So I have to, I kind of like scoop forward in the seat a little bit. You don't even extra. Yeah. Yeah. My legs hang under it a little bit. Yeah. Justin's a good follow. I just textbook form, you know what I mean, controlling everything. Massive weight is the key. Yeah. He's talked about that on our programs before is that it's not just the form, but then it's, it's get that first, but then learn how to load it. Because if you, I think in most cases run, if you try to emulate his technique on any of the stuff, all the sudden you're stripping back three plates less than what you were doing before. And his hamstring deadlifts are very respectable. Yeah. But he's doing like, you know, almost five plates, four and a half plates or whatever he does for hamstrings. But the way he does the reps is just like, yeah. And if you want to emulate that, you're probably going to have to go real light at first. Everyone else is going to play it off theirs. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. All right. I think one more here. I think, yeah, we're cooking through the list here. We've got one more. And you guys would probably already have to have known that he was going to be on the list. I mean, Nick Walker, everybody's been talking about his training now for all the 2025. Yeah. His, I feel like this is like, man, what you tell me, what do you think run, but I feel like he is like so self-actualized now. Like he figured out, I've seen him since back in the day. I remember the first time I met him. And when I say met him, the first time I interviewed him, he was an amateur still. Yeah. And I remember him making a trip over to Coach's garage and training there, you know. And picking up some more high intensity stuff, reducing the volume and really kind of plugging in with getting the most out of the list. Now that was, you know, huge step forward for him, but I mean, now he's taken it to an absolutely different level, you know. Yeah, I, I tell a lot of people to follow him and watch him train. Yeah. Because like, I find with myself, I get a little stuck in, you know, because been around for a long time. I think everyone who's been around for a long time goes through this in every field, like whether it's, you know, whatever your expertise is, whatever you do. You, you, you think, oh, everyone knows this. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like everyone knows that by now. Like I, I thought that back in the 90s, but I know that that's not true now. But then you realize, no, no, that's a new thing for every person. Every person who's new to bodybuilding has this certain misconception. Yep. It doesn't go away because it's because it, so I forget that some people don't know certain things. Yeah. So I, I, I tell them I'm like, you, you know, was, because they say, you know, next got six plates on the leg press, what's what, like they don't get it. Right. Right. Oh, you don't understand, what do you mean you don't get it? Like you see where the way he's moving it, you see what he's doing. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, shit, not everybody understands what's going on here. But I, so I think it's good to be exposed to it is my point, right? Yeah. Around about point. And next six plates equates to your two and a half plates just to, you know what I'm saying? Like when you figure that out, like you really do have to find humility to train with control. Yeah. So it's, yeah. And when you said actualize that was like the perfect way to put it. And I also sort of thought of when we interviewed Nick on the show a little while ago. Yeah. Yeah. Remember thinking like, you know how the, you know athletes have their different phases. That does. Yeah. Yeah. You know a lot of athletes have their different phases. Like with Ronnie, we have like, you know, his, his before he was a Mr. O phase where he was a cop and then we got the Mr. O phase and then we got the, you know, the post to retirement phase. Like, I feel like Nick is in a new phase this year. And he said self actualize that was like, that's a perfect way to say he's up the bald head. Yeah. So he's got this new look. He does. Training's changed. He's way bigger. He came on had this, the killer shows this year. Yeah. You know, like, it just feel like he, he shifted a bunch of gears. Yeah. He's sort of, sort of like his character has changed. Like, you know what I mean? It's like it's like five years later and another another movie comes out and the character is different. You're like, oh, what's going to happen? It's almost like two of you think about the way the history of bodybuilding works. This is like the Lo Veroni with the shaved head. Do you know what I mean? There's going to be like, oh, are you talking about Nick Walker with the flat top or yes? Yes. Or with that glasses and the shaved head. Or yeah. That was a good Nick Walker. You know, I mean, young flex and he got older. Yeah. The shaved head was like, took on Ronnie, right? So I just funny. It's like it really is like visually and metaphorically and in the training. It's all like a new, a new, new version of Nick and Nick and so, but the training is the training zoned into like he's just, you know, every rep is identical. Yeah. There's no. That's one thing I want everybody to take home and I see that it, you know, Ron, I think to that's something I've taken for granted is. As you call it, and I tell people this man, I would say, I'll say the guy that I podcast with my friend and I podcast with Ron, I'm a part of the heart low calls at robot reps and that's what I want to see is try to make each rep identical. That's a skill man. You don't just decide to do that in now you're doing it. Like that's as Stefan said last week, you have to train yourself. It takes time to get to that point where you can do robot reps, you know. I'm making any movement identical over time with repetition is an athletic skill. Yeah. Yeah. You know. You're controlling your body, right, and you're memorizing a pattern and it feels the same every time. Yeah. So shout out to these guys. These were the five that I had pulled together in the list. Who did Braden come up with? It's funny. So right before we did our list, I asked Braden and he said Brett Wilken, Mark up. Shire. Mark and got a mention in there. Yeah. Mark on a mask. You can't do Brett without, you know, Martin. Yeah. Yep. He said Cuba. Cuba. He said Hawling's head. And so it's funny because I asked him for five guys and he gave me six. Okay. Yeah. Who's the six? Meadows. Somebody else mentioned Meadows too. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Bill. My client Bill mentioned Meadows. He said he's watched so much of his stuff. I do. I learned so much from John by some of your, you know, back in. I remember Ron, there was a time that he was posting on just some of his ideas on professional muscle would show up. And I started following those ideas and trying to translate that into my own workouts. This was like 2008, 2009 maybe. And I tell people like, oh, I'm doing Mountain Dog training and people were like, oh, is that like, like dog crap training? And I was like, no, it's something different. And honestly, though, the thing is is that because I was taking these bits and pieces, I wasn't actually doing real Mountain Dog training, but I was doing what I thought John was. And I had some of the ideas down, but I had some of it wrong. And then later, I had the opportunity to really nail it in. But yeah, John is a great another great example. He, uh, it's funny. I have this video on my phone of John spotting me on Pendulum. Yeah. From 2019 the last time he was when he came to my gym. So he trained legs together. Yeah. And it was me and Braden walked in to train legs and John Meadows was standing there. Oh man. And I was like, how's like, what are you doing? And he's like, oh, I'm in town for the, the van, you know, the shows. I came up to like, I met the supplement booth. Yeah. And I'm like, and he's like, I sent him a message. And I looked on Instagram and there was a message I hadn't seen yet. Oh man. And he's like, I was going to ask you what you're training. I said I'm doing legs and he goes, let's do it. So he just did legs, I spontaneously and Braden showed up like a minute later. And yeah, you know, he was, we had just started training together. And he was kind of newer to the whole scene. And he, I mean, Meadows, he was like thought Meadows was like, way up here, right? So he was into training. And he's like, what's going on? I'm like, we're training with Meadows today. And he's like, you know, so is awesome. Because we smashed the leg workout with John and it was great. We had a fun time to pitch yours and stuff. Yeah. I still have a great man. Like, you know, you got to train with because of me. I can't really. We got to train with Scott McNaly. You know, you know, I'm dead. And it's actually. Chasmic, but I'm said, me Naly a couple times. You have to train with me Naly. Oh man. I do what I do when I hit the compound though. Next time I'm in town, man. I got it. I got it. Definitely. We'll go hit the compound. All right. So once again, guys, everybody in the chat, I want you to let us know who did we miss. Because there's a bunch of good guys. We already know that we missed Mike the badass and there's a bunch more. So tell us, you know, and tell everybody else. Share with everybody else because there might be, I mean, for a lot of us, we're just enjoying talking about these guys that we enjoy seeing training, right? Yeah. And I've enjoyed talking about some other names that people throw them up like. Is there might be? There might be. There might be. Yeah, I don't know these guys. You know what I'm saying? So you might be educating somebody, you know. And that's going back to what I was saying where I just assume everyone knows stuff. Right. So like, you know, and we, and I think a lot of people who do podcast run into that, like, you've talked about things a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you start to wonder like, well, we've already talked about that. But you know, realize there's a whole new group of people who didn't haven't heard that yet. And I remember John speaking of John actually said that to me once. We were talking and it was off air and everything and he was like, man, you know, sometimes I'll do just an exercise. I've done for 20 years. And I posted it in people say, oh my gosh. Yeah. You've just, I've never seen that before. He's like, I just don't even think about it, you know. Yeah. So I'm okay. You know? Yeah. No, I know exactly what he's talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, who do we got here? Oh, she suggested Jordan Hutchinson. Oh, yeah. Of course. Of course. Of course. Good job Brian. Yeah. Hey man, his partner. Yeah. Yeah. Those guys are, those guys are awesome. All right. I've got to follow up for you. This came from YouTube. And Ron, these guys are always welcome to comment on YouTube. And comment on Spotify, dude. I got to tell you, man, you ever find, this is my analogy, Ron. You ever like pull your winter jacket out. You've been working on it more than a year. And you find like a 20 in the pocket. Oh, yeah. Dude, we set up Spotify back when we started the podcast. And I hadn't been checking the numbers. Spotify is like blowing away everything else on the audio podcast. Like, we are getting a lot of views. I mean, I'm sure that there's other channels that are getting more. But it's around like 50,000 views, 60,000 views per month. So like, it's pretty freaking incredible. Which is like 60,000 on top of everything else that I didn't even realize when we're getting this whole time. So that said, I'm starting to take questions from Spotify. All of our content is also released on video now on Spotify. And Spotify is now our main host for the audio podcast. So you can watch videos there. And that will get set out to iTunes or Apple podcast and all of that. So anyway, segue, Ron, into that question. Is this from YouTube? You guys are welcome to leave comments, questions for the next show. Can you best describe the first time someone showed you how to take your training from intermediate to advanced or expert? What were the main differences that made you realize how most people train compared to how a pro trains? So I had no shortage of like, I was very early to develop into a very hard training pretty darn good form bodybuilder. Like, I was pretty much out of the box within the first six months. I was really early to develop into essentially like 80% of what I was as far as like how I moved weights and really went a failure and forced doing it. I've come here for a strap. Like, I had no intensity shortage at all. Yeah. Like, at all. I was trying to kill myself, trying to out train all the kids I was training with. I hated six. I got to get seven. I got four gets seven. And I'm like, you know what I mean? Like that's sort of mentality. Yeah. But when I was 19 and I went to Australia and I met John Davian Nick Jones. I started training with my two Australian buddies. They were much higher level. Nick was you know qualifying for the world when national classes, you know, John was on the verge of being a pro. He was a big heavyweight. So these guys were like the level above me I competed yet. And when I started training with them, they did things like we were doing press down one day and I remember John was like, get your shoulders back. Like you're you're you're coming over way too much just too much. And pack in your press down. I had control of it, right? Like I wasn't flailing all over. I had control of it. But my form was like, lots of torque on the packs really heavy. So I remember John moving the pin down like dropping off like 40 pounds off my press down. And being like, keep your shoulders back. You know, use your triceps not as much like, you know. And I remember just him like adjusting me on things like first week in the gym training with him. I remember, you know, remember Nick like you got to like when you do your leg extensions, you got to try to like almost try to lift your leg off the bench like that little extra. You know those little things. And I realized that they were paying extra attention and still putting the same intensity out and still getting more reps than me and still stronger. Like, oh, okay, I got to like correct and like get certain things, you know, like I was just little things, but it was a lot of those things. And I was like, oh, there's more like precision. They're more precise than me. There's a level of precision that goes with the I'm going to kill myself. Yeah, right. You know, might have to add it down. But there's a level of like of minimizing risk without realizing that what they were doing. And I think getting more out of that target muscle, like stuff I was saying, like you can pump up everything, you know, or you can try to get that pump into that target muscle. I remember we were Smith squatting one day and I could Smith squat four plates, like no problem. But I was dropping a little too fast and getting too much kind of bounce out punch out of the hole. Okay. And I remember like John was like, take a play it off. I remember that and I was like, that's three plates. That's the same thing. I'm not squatting. But he like, yeah, you do. You know what I mean? There was an ego like ego thing. I was 19 years old. I wanted to turn it to big guys, right? Right. But I'm vividly remembering him saying, I'll take a play off for your next set. I was like, oh, but I did what I was told because he was. You listened. Yeah. Well, yeah. That's another thing. Those two guys are way better than me. So if they told me to do something, I didn't argue. Yeah. You know, you were in a good spot then man, because sometimes I'll work with somebody and I'll even like, local guys, I'll bring them over here and we think they're telling me like, oh, I just squatted six plates last week. And this and that and I get them on my hack squat and I have them crying with a plate and a half because we're controlling to super slow negative. Posing in the hole. All that stuff. But then they go right back to the six plates and you know, it's like, come on. Let's let's see. You got to learn that. Maybe they have some point. Yeah. Yeah. Take a little bit of this back with you. Yeah. Yeah. Just a little bit. I don't expect him to take a hundred percent. But like if you could have taken 40, you know, you get a lot from it, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I just remember them kind of showing me that there was like, there was intention with everything. Like, yeah. You know, yeah. Oh, somebody mentioned yours has a great channel too. I can't wait to see him. Yeah. When did you show? I forget the date for it, even. I do too. Maybe you guys. We couldn't let the audience tell us. Like, a lot of snow. Because it's going to be very interesting. Apparently he's like 35 pounds heavier. Yeah. I'm like ready to go like just, yeah. Yeah. I'm excited to see what they do, man. And this is, it's the Italy, right? Yep. Italy. 2025. Oh, it's the flex, it's a flex pro. Oh, no. No, it's not. Sorry that seeing this event has passed. Oh. What's coming up? Well, while you're looking that up, I'll say that I, you know, I was lucky to get trained or taught by my parents with lifting, because they already were into weightlifting and body building to a degree. They never competed, but they were, you know, real active in it. And, and their good friends were bodybuilders. So I started learning from them from the time I was a little kid. But a lot of it, Ron was like 80 stuff that it just, it wasn't right. You know what I mean? So I had to kind of like relearn some of those things. And I did a lot of learning on my own. But then having a chance to train with like after my first contest prep that I trained with my coach. And he showed me some things I had never thought of before. Like I, we pre-feteed the packs. I had never done that, you know? Right. And I had spent the whole previous year getting a strong as I could on, on a barbell bench. And now we're going as hard as we can on the Pack Deck first, which completely is after my strength, right? But I ended up getting strong again, you know? A few months down the road, that strength came back. And the next year my packs were substantially better. So I started seeing that kind of thing. Or I think I told you the story of, I incline bench press the 90 pound dumbbells. And I was telling John Simmons at my gym. Yeah, man, I got the 90s John. I'm going to go for the hundreds. And he was like, well, how about you learn to take those 90s instead of 10 reps? Learn how to get it for 20? And I guarantee your chest will grow. You know, and I'm starting to realize over time that, yeah, maybe it's not all about the weight. You know, although I will say that a lot of what I had been indoctrinated with was more volume. I don't think you ever went to that place, did you? No, not totally for crazy long periods of time anyways. I tried a lot of stuff out. Yeah, I also remember one thing that I tell people that I think there's a certain type of bodybuilder that has a bad habit of getting too locked in to the routine. Right. And there are the type of person that it actually takes fun away from the whole experience. Like maybe like a friendly run into it the gym is doing arms. So he do arms with me. He's like, oh no, I can't do arms with you. I'm doing like a super set with these two and it doesn't work with two people and you just go. Like I was like, I'll think that's a shame. You know, because I got a lot of great workouts. Like I had a lot of days where I was like, okay, let's say we have a good workout. And then something happened. I wound up training with somebody and had like an awesome workout. Yeah. Right. And I just think that that's, I don't know, that's just something that I hope everyone can have. So I always tell the story one time I remember I went to the gym and I had to work like. So I wasn't going to train with John and our buddy. I was going to train by myself. But then you know, your hours get changed or you get off early or something. And I show up at the gym and they're literally they're warming up. Oh, no kidding. Perfect. But I had already planned to train by myself. So I was like, I was like going to do this other thing. So I went over and I was like warming up on this one shoulder press. And John comes over because he come train with this man. Like we're doing this machine. And I was like, oh, wow, you know, I wanted to do this. And he goes, oh, okay, if you don't want to get any better. I remember I just like, I was like, okay, I've come train with you guys. Yeah. So like, put my, you know, pick my stuff up when I return to them. And then we just want to have a great work or yell at each other and shoulder pressing. And shoulder pressing heavy. And but it was just like, you know, I just just always makes me remind me of like some people get a little too in their little head, you know, have some. Yeah, you know, you know, you know, you know what to man with that. Like, I've been in the position and this is like life in general where I had to teach myself that. If you're having a bad day, you can start your date over at any time. It doesn't have to keep being a bad day. You know what I mean, very important. If you're having a bad workout, like it. Run all these things. The workout is a metaphor for life, you know, it really is though, you know, you can start your workout over and maybe it's not going to look like what your expectations were, but it can still be like a kick ass workout, you know. Yep. Yep. You can. The next set. Yeah. You can change your mentality in your mindset. And you can decide to have a great workout for the next two exercises. Yep. And then you got to go because you got to go to work or whatever. Yeah. But you can change the trajectory of what's going on. You can call an audible. You can. You know what I mean? It's all sorts of funny things that have happened. Like, I remember going to film a mutant video and I was like warming up on legs. Yeah. And I hurt my, my quad in the warm up in the warm up. I'm like, fuck. So it just like, well, okay, it's arm day. We're doing arm. So I remember I ran cut the sleeves off my shirt because I'm not that shirt. You had your leg day shirt. I had my leg day shirt. I had my leg day shirt. I had a little over some mutant shirt for tea. You know, so I thought, fuck, I couldn't cut my sleeves off there. Because doing how we're doing arm day at this gym, you know, just pull an audible and just fucking ruin my day. But solve my day. And then while I'm having a great arm workout for the video and I remember listening it after going, I looked better. I wasn't ready. Like I never sprayed tan. I thought it was going to be too white. Yeah. It was a plan on arms. I love it. I love it. Oh, Ryan chimed in again. He's got another one for us. He said, you guys can't forget Sean Clarita. Oh, yeah. There's another one. Great information to the list. Obviously, there's a lot of our friends would be on that list. Yeah. You know, it was funny that how many names came up repeatedly. Immediately. Oh, yeah. Because you asked like an hour before the show. Yep. You know, it was like all just repeats. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, the show is September 7th. So this weekend. Okay. So we'll find out what's going to be killer. What do you think? I do you don't have, we don't have the list of. I got it right here. Oh, you do? Yeah. Yeah. Who's all in it that we would know? Oh, well, I mean, it's pretty big. Okay. Yeah. Will it? Good veto. Good veto. That is a mirror. I mean, I mean, Good veto. Good veto. Good veto. I mean, guys, man, well. See, how do we know? Errors, obviously. Yeah. Mark Hector, Quentin, Quentin Maria. Cuba, Andre Carlale from Brazil, Roberto Bonomo, from Italy, Tim Budashime, Louis Brede. I'm a big fan of Tim. I know. His conditioning is out of this world, man. Yeah. Yeah. There's a bunch of guys. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you're just doing it. So yeah, it'll be interesting show, man. Some big dudes in that, like, you know, Tim Budashime's, I mean, almost big as they get, Quentin. I mean, it's going to be awesome to see those guys standing next to each other. Yeah. Yeah. And Sergio, man. I'm excited to see what he does. Really big. Yeah. People don't realize, you know? I saw him compete at the 2018 Chicago Pro. Did he win that one? I think he took, he took second to me. Okay. What's his name with the crazy quads that he's just like other level, just genetic? I'll think of it. Somebody, somebody maybe chime. I got to look it up now. When you hear his name, you're going to say, like, oh, yeah, of course, you know, you put in, let's see if I go 2018. Because Sergio is very big. I don't know if he's six feet tall, but he might be six feet tall. Like he's big, like, you know, Michael Lockett. Oh, yeah, Michael Lockett. You know what I mean, genetics. That's the first thing that goes to my, yeah, Michael Lockett won that one. I remember Michael Lockett at the North Americans at year. I said, oh man, I go. I didn't expect to see you here. And he goes, yeah, just decided to do the show three weeks ago. When I was like, oh, really? And he's like, yeah, I just like hopped on my diet real quick. Yeah. And his diet is like, stop eating McDonald's. Right. Yeah. Just, you know, clean it up a little bit. Yeah, Justin Rodriguez was third there. Oh, yeah. Red rope was competing at that time. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a bunch of going on there. But yeah, I just remember he looked incredible. But I also say Sergio was the crowd favorite. Right. He's like Chicago boy. And he had a song that referenced Chicago and his posing routine. Right. Everybody was pumped for him. It was almost as if Michael Lockett was the bad guy that night. You know, for having been showing up in the wind. Just not from Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's fun. I love it when a crowd has an opinion, though, instead of being a dead crowd. Yeah. You know, like, hey, you know, it makes a bodybuilding show fun of people at least cheering. Yeah. You know, it's, I remember when bodybuilding shows used to be quiet in the morning, except you yell at your friends when they're doing the crowd. They're doing the compulsories or what's going on. No, who the friends are. Yeah, you know. Yeah. It's hit the quads. And everyone's yelling. And then at the night show, it was like pandemonium. Everyone would clap and cheer and yell. Yeah. And, you know, it's we complain about how bodybuilding shows now are just groups of people leaving and coming and on their phones and just, you know, yeah. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't leave in the middle of a posing routine. I hate that. Yeah. Yeah. At the night show, let the guy finishes posing your team then get up and get out of there. The, the biggest compliment that I may have ever gotten was from a friend of mine, Sarah Bruce and she worked with Mike Davies and that's when Mike was running the Arnold Amateur. And so we were in the press pit at the Arnold Classic and Sarah was sitting with us and she was hanging out with VJ and I, the whole weekend. And after the show, she said, VJ and Scott watch bodybuilding shows the way most people watch college football. Like we were like, God, look at this leg. You know, we're screaming though. We probably look like idiots, you know, but I really don't care. You know, that college football. Yeah. No, that's true. I also had a conversation with, with someone the other day about how we used to like, we used to dress like dress down for the morning show and then we dress up for the night show. Yeah. We've mentioned that before. Like you used to be a real thing. Yeah. You know, dress up for the night show. I threw some jeans on. You know, this five. Absolutely. All right. You want to jump into some of these listener questions here. We had a bunch of questions. Yeah. We had this. And then I know, you had some overrated underrated. Yeah. Let's make sure we save time for those because Victoria came up. By the way, somebody said, you guys mentioned these people like Victoria and Steve. Can you mention last name so that I can follow them too? I was like, oh, that's maybe a good idea, right? That would probably have been vigorous Steve in Victoria Felker. She's a brilliant scientist. You guys should all follow her. Yeah. Yeah. So let me see what we've got here. Okay. How about this one? This would be a good one for you. Question for the next one. What are your top most iconic bodybuilding pictures of all time that come to mind? Minor J09 quad stop, Tom Plats and Lee Priys tricep flex. And of course, the iconic Dorian Yates front double bicep in the gym with the socks on. Right. Those are all great ones. This is Lucas from Austria, by the way. So there's the iconic tricep one. That's a classic. Right off the bat, right? Obviously. I like the way Tom Plats is yelling in that. Yeah. And I love how he's got the big beyond belief sweatshirt on, which was like a training booklet back then that you could buy a training method. Big beyond belief. Here's the diet. Here's the workout. Yeah. Did you ever, did you read that? Did you follow it? I read that. Yeah. I've got that big protein shakes in it and everything. That was the secret meal for. It'd be some crazy blender shake with three chocolate chip cookies. I think that was the book. No, yeah. Yeah. So what else, what else, what do you say? He also said, of course, the J 2009 quad stop. Yeah. That's a classic. I think this one is a classic. Obviously, the video is even more of a classic. But just this image alone, like, you know, they say sometimes you can hear certain images. Like certain images have a smell. Oh, yeah, body. Right, body. And that's Ronnie on the lake press for audio level. 2300 solid ass pounds. Remember, you got the lake press all loaded up there. Yeah, that was a classic. That's one of the ones that always comes to mind. Okay. I'll show you the Dorian one that I wonder if it's going to come up if I just, Oh, fuck it's so funny. Man, AI in Google now, the searches. Oh, yeah. So easy. This picture to me is probably, while there's two here that are like, the most quintessential Dorian photo. I'm going to blow this up, so it's not quite the whole picture. But this photo here. Oh, that one, huh? Yeah, this to me, this photo, I remember seeing this picture of Dorian. Because you can see his gym. Like, it's not, you know, he's not lifting anything in it, but you just see he's like, looks like he's walking towards that barbell. It's what the kids would call a vibe run. It's a vibe. That picture is a vibe. And that's why I remember it. And I never forgot it. You got to get the Zuba pants, the teenikele shirt. Total vibe. You know, he's got the Nike's on, like, you can, you can tell, like, it's 1994. Like, there's no paint shipping off every day or 92, maybe 92, the paint shipping, you know, it's clearly a shithole dungeon. Yeah. Look at the floor, you know, and you just, you get a feeling off that that was like, I remember seeing that photo in the magazine, when they were kind of talking, I guess it would have been early, yeah, it would have been like 91, 92 when he was coming up, and they were really trying to sell him as a character in the magazines, you know what I mean? Yeah. And they'd show these photos. And then this one is another one. It's like the same era. It's like the exact same story. But like that photo to me was always very iconic. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good one. You know, what about you? You got one that you're thinking of? You know what? I do. I'm going to see if it just pops up here because it's a pretty common picture. And it's a studio picture, I believe. Oh, yeah. Okay. You know, and this is like, this is real early. Here we go. It's this one. This is when I learned about at the time, modern body building. See if I can get that to show up. There's an awe. Yeah, I'm not. It's Lee Haney. I can't get it to kick it. My favorite. I have too good of a camera to focus there. There we go. I got it. There we go. Yeah. Nice. So because I remember, you know, watching pumping iron. I had this with my dad and his friends as a kid. And then, you know, I was like, oh, you know, Arnold Arnold, this is Arnold that. And my dad's friend told me he's like, yeah, but so Arnold's retired now. And there's a new guy. He's even bigger. And I was like, oh, it's like, this is the guy that everybody's going after now as name is Lee Haney. And then I just remembered seeing him on the cover of magazines from their forward and getting those magazines and taking the the fold out pictures out, you know, and putting them up on my, we didn't have a finished basement. So it was like a painted cement wall in our basement. And I tried to like take tape, you know, like scotch tape and stick them up on that wall. And then it'd come peel and down a day later, you know, but that was that was my, my little gym set up. But I had a couple pictures of Lee up there at that time. And yeah, never did capture that physique for myself. But. Wow. I don't think very many people did. Right. Right. I also got to give a mention to this whole series. And I know there's a bunch of them. But I mean, this this series was iconic. Okay. And it was a whole generation, but that Frank McGrath shoot. Oh, dude, that's funny. You say that because I was thinking of the animal stuff. Yeah. That black and white animal shoot that Frank McGrath did back. Man, that would have been what late 90. No, really that. I thought it was like, oh, sorry. Yeah, sorry. He would have turned pro and 03. Yeah, I mean, I got my year's grip. So Frank turned pro and 03. So yeah, oh, eight. Yeah, I was like, I hold decade off there. Yeah. Sorry. It happens. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't even know who he was for like five years. I just saw the pictures. You know what I mean? I saw these arms. And I was like, oh, and they had the the mood to it too. Like him, you know, there's like him sitting at the table. Like with his food while his girls lay in the bed waiting for him. He's like, oh, he was not going to. He's like all these real hardcore tropes, but yeah, like she's waiting on him hand and foot. You know, she was like, no, no, like she's she's waiting for him to like be with her. Yeah, but he's like, he's busy. Yeah, he's busy. He's busy. He's doing the work of a body builder right now. We go there. He's doing the work. Doing the work. Yes. Can't miss out on the work. Do we vote for him for having some of the best arms and best four arms in body building ever? I remember when I first met Frank, he had those four arms and I said, what did you do for four arms? And obviously, I do terrible. I can't do an impression of him. I'm not going to insult him. I try to sound new feet, but he, he did it the time. Have a much thicker accent because he was fresh off the rack or however they say it. But I remember he fakes this forearm. He feels like I got to show off my forearm there. Yeah. Yeah. Flex is for him and he goes, me daddy has bigger me daddy. I remember he said me daddy. Yeah. I was like a new feet and go, I mean daddy's got bigger four arms in me. I remember just thinking like, oh fuck. Okay. I get it. Yeah. You're just better. It all makes sense now. Yeah. It all makes sense now. Okay. I see where this is going. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good call. All of those pictures. In fact, those were things that like you had flipped through the magazines and you'd see what the latest ad was. It was one of 10 pictures. They did a really good job at that time of like selling an idea selling like a mindset. Totally. And I also got to say like, you know, looking back on all the years. I spent really huge and heavy and you know, all that sort of stuff. And I think to like Frank walking around looking like this, he probably only weighs two 45 here. Because he never got crazy heavy, right? He wasn't huge, but he had the freaking arms. Yeah. So Frank could walk around at like 235, 240 in a tank top like this all year. He imagine just going to safely looking like that, but he's only he's only like, he's only like 235 or 240, right? So it's not like that hard to do. Yeah. He's probably eaten three meals a day with a shake, looking like that. Maintaining that. Right. Right. And so like who had a better decade? He did that for a whole decade. But he's a smart one, right? Like you know what I mean? And you just think, yeah, you just think back like, you know, it's just funny. Yeah. Yeah. You know, easy. But I'm over here like how many more sets do I need to do for arms to even remotely look like I, you know, train them? Yeah. Yeah. You know, I know. No. That was a good question. I like that. That was a great. Good. I've got one that will, I think be a nice follow up to that. Give me just a second to kind of dive through here because this will be like I said, but we kind of have this whole like running theme here today with the questions, which is working out really nice. Okay. Let's see. There's another one. There's a few good ones for you here too, round the thing. This goes in the category of episodes that won't be good on Spotify because they will have to see the focus. Sorry guys. I think our listeners know the pictures of Frank McGrath. Sorry audio followers. Yeah. All right. Okay. Follow up to that up to date. Who's the best Canadian bodybuilder of all time up to current day? Paul DeLette. Ian Valier. It's to, well, statistically Ian Valier. Statistics. So yeah, he won the most shows. He won the Olympia a bunch of times. He's most consistent. Yeah. Ian Ian. Ian, Ian, I think it's. It's no contest, isn't it? Okay. Well, let's not. Like if you're looking like, you know, when they say who's a greatest, you go while Tom Brady's got seven rings. So Tom Brady's the best. I think Ian didn't need to do more Olympias in Paul DeLette now. Didn't need place higher at them on average. Didn't he do like all the stats? I think so. I would personally vote for him though. He's, he's probably my favorite. I would say. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, no offense, Ron. Sorry, Ron. You know, besides you. But as far as, as far as like guys that I thought were like, this is like, I just saw potential in him of being like, oh crap. This guy could continue doing this and, you know, actually went in Olympia. Like, I saw him rise from nothing. You know what? I'm not nothing. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what happens every time someone turns pro 21. It's either like, oh, okay. It's either the next J. Yeah. Or it's not. Yeah. Right. And then you just wait until it happens. So, and I, I remember when like, nobody knew who he was. And I saw something about him. And the only place there was any coverage of him at all. There was like one interview with Paulumbo. That was literally like all I could find online. Right. And I don't know if you remember this, but I talked to you. And I was like, hey, can you connect me to Ianville year, the Canadian bodybuilder? And you're like, oh, yeah, I know Ian. And you connected me to him at a dinner interview with him. And I think for me, that's the personal thing is like, after that, then he still was. Like, I mean, it's like, you know, he, I don't think, I don't think, It's like, there's Ian and then there's this girl Melissa and this guy Chris. You know what I mean? That's like kind of the way it was back then. Yeah. Yeah. And this guy, you know, he's going to do classic. I remember those days. This guy Chris. Yeah. Yeah. This guy Chris. And to see where all of them, you know, came from and where they went to. It's kind of cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that question, though. I remember hearing like, I remember hearing Foo Ed and all the guys talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. And then I think they said the same thing, you know, It's like, I can't be like me. Right? I look pretty good in Tampa. You know what I mean? I was really good here's the photos. I got the photo. You know? I'll be honest, Foo Ed always kind of intimidated me. Like, I saw, I didn't meet him, but I saw him. There was like this geared up gathering into trait. And he was working with me at the time. And I was friends with John. Yeah. But I wasn't friends with Foo Ed. I didn't really know him, you know? And, but he was there. He was like, this big, dude, he was freaking huge. Yeah. Yeah. Massive, right? He was hot. And John was like, hey, they cracked open the garage door. And they were like, hey, you know, pop your shirt off. Let's do some posing here. I just remember hitting a rear lat spread. And just his imposing size, like his height and width in everything was just like, wow. Yeah. He had Foo Ed did everything he could. Yeah. He looked really good. And he was big. He had, yeah. He was thick and had like, you know, that depth to his torso. When you see guys, you know, like, oh, that's a, that guy said could diesel burner. Yeah. There's like that. Yeah. Like there's body builders. And then there's like, guys, it's fucking big. Yeah. And he had, he had moved into that zone. Because I've been around body builders in my whole life, right? Some guys aren't that, they're not huge in person. They look great on stage. But in person, you're like, oh, yeah. He's got a great physique under that sweatshirt. You know, and then there's other guys, you're like, oh, it's guys like thick. Yeah. Yeah. You know, heavy ass squatter, heavy deadlift or, you know, I don't know. I don't want to say that's just because that's why, but there's just some of the train hard is fuck. Yeah. Yeah. That was a cool event though. I remember that Justin Harris was there too. And there was a bunch of pros. It was at Ken Jackson's gym that he had here in Michigan. And everybody kind of gathered up together and got a work. I got a workout in and then there was like a Q and A afterwards that we talked a lot about at the time. It was like how much highly brain cyclic doctrine can you drink in one workout? Was pretty much the sum up of that air that hole there. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that era. I tell you that I trained with haulings head one day and I tried his drink. Okay. And I wasn't used to it. And it was like the hardest leg day. Oh, God. Yeah. James makes me up. And I'm like, what are you drinking? And he's like, oh, I got that cyclic cyclic dextrin with with the sick with the. What's the pro the peptopro pro? Yeah. The peptopro the catalac of. Yeah. The peptopro. Yeah. Peptopro with with branched chain cyclic dextrin with like other amino's added and probably some creatine in there and all shaken up. And when drinking this one, I'm trying to legs and it was rough. Yeah. I, yeah, I poked my guts out after we trained the end of that. That's good. Yeah. I imagine that was the wrong day to decide. I'm going to try some highly, very cyclic dextrin. It was probably like a big serving too. Yeah. I remember James was like, you got to work yourself up so you get used to it. Right. So I thought, well, I'll start like a bit diluted from what he does. It wasn't nearly in. I was like, oh, so sick. Yeah. We worked up to the time. So I was training with Shelby. And Shelby and John were good friends at that time. And John was all about the intro workouts and we're doing John's training. John was writing the plans. So we started pushing the, and they're long workouts, man. So when I said I got involved with volume, like leg days were like going on three hours. Like they were brutal long workouts and hot summer days and stuff with low AC. And our bad AC. But we worked up to like 200 grams of carbs and short workout for those. And you'd have to have like a gallon jug to like almost full, you know, to get through that and not get a stomach upset issue, you know? Yeah. Fuck. Done a lot of dumb shit. Drank a lot of dumb shit. Like on paper, like we're all this'll be great. Yeah. Just funny. Yeah. It was expensive too, man. So you can imagine. Oh. I remember when I did that, that Bulgarian power split training back in like 91 or 92. I just followed this Bulgarian power split program that I got out of Flex magazine. Yeah. And it was like you do like a 40 minute workout. And then you take like a 30 minute break. And I had to do with like your cortisol gets, it doesn't come up. It stays down or something and you get like a surge of GA. It was all this. It was okay. Okay. And this whole surge, right? Yeah. Meaning like a second. And then you go back down into the Jamie doing another 40 minute workout. And there was a good. So it was like 40 days a week, but you trained twice back to back with a break. It was like a 40 minute break. That's 30 minute break. But then you drink this like shake. That's a comeback downstairs because our did Jim we had was like the pro shop was upstairs to come back downstairs to train for the second workout. And you're like, bro. And the shakes back down weren't as good, right? So it was like, oh, you're radical. It's just like someone just thinking this looks great on paper. And it was just like, yeah. Yeah. The stuff we used to do programs out of Flex magazine. I could just picture it not going to be like, are you feeling that growth hormone? Is that working for you? Is that? Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm getting different pump. Yeah. Positive and different pump environment. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You know. Hey, I got an off topic one for you. We've never asked you on the show before, but I know you have to have a story because I'll Australia is filled with every single animal that 99% of animals that will unalive you are in Australia. This is true. Jeremy says, can we get some Australian bug or animal stories from Ron's time? I have a couple. So we have to. Yeah. So the first one I've told before, so I don't want to like overtell it. But I don't think I've heard it, man. So you know what a huntsman spider is, right? Yeah. I saw one too. Yeah. So anyways, this huntsman in the story is about size of my hand. Yeah. Okay. Like big real big. Like the body isn't the size of my hand. It's like, but the giant spider. Yeah. But the spider is like big and hairy, right? Yeah. So anyways, I come home from work. It's like four in the morning. Come home from the bar. I bounce in bouncing at a club. My buddy John, he's in bed. We got a big house. We're renting a house. Like big three bedroom house. Sots of the. So I come home and in the kitchen. I make up a blender shake because back then we're blending all our shakes. There's no shake or stuff. It's blenders, right? So I'm blending up my shake and it's four in the morning. And I just got the kitchen light on. And I take my shake. I don't remember what's in it. But it was yummy. And I'm drinking it drinking it. And as I'm drinking, I realize that there's a huntsman spider sitting on the back of the blender. Oh. And he's staring me. He's staring me right in the eyes. So as I tip the blender up and I'm gulping shake, I'm looking dead eyed into this. Huntsman spider's face. It's like six seven inches from my face. Yeah. And I'm staring at it not computing what's happening. I'm just gulping shake. Yeah. And there's that's that I realize what I'm what's going on. You heard like a hiss? You're saying? No, no, I just. Oh, there's a second. Just take a second for my brain to compute that there's a. Conhonsman. And I'm I'm very Canadian at this point. I've been there for like two months. Okay. You've never seen anything like this. I've seen a Huntsman, but it was like in an alley. Like, oh, look at that big spider. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But this one's like, yeah, this one's on the back of the blender right in my face. Yeah. So my reaction is I just sort of go. And I like throw the blender and sort of spit protein shake and like have just a reactive freak out. Like I do a real hard, trisip extension into the sky with the blender. And it goes spinning and it comes down in the sink, the blender. But it comes down and like washes up the other side of the sink. It kind of like half pipes out and keeps spinning and just spinning shake all over the roof and the window. And there's just a protein shake whirlwind happening as his blender spins and flips and bounces all over the counter and the sink. And and I've spit protein shake out and I've jumped back and this giant Huntsman just lands on the ground. Just lands on the floor right in front of me. Yeah. And just runs under the door into the, there was a giant front living room that we didn't use at all because we are renting this big three bedroom house. It was probably 2000 square feet and we didn't use how to fit. Yeah. We didn't use half of it. So we had the whole front entryway. We just had the sliding doors close and there was nothing in there. But he ran under that door and it was like a big space under that door. And I was like, oh fuck. So I opened the door. Of course my roommate comes around and I was like, what's going on? It's foreign the morning. And I'm like, oh, is it giant Huntsman? And he's like, what? Like, yeah. He's not afraid of it right? He's like, oh God. He's not being a baby. We go in the other room and no, they get it been like a week since anyone had been in that room. Okay. And the Huntsman is sitting up in the corner in this giant web. It's fun. Like a giant web in that corner that room. That we were just in that room. Like, I think one of us vacuumed in there because like, you know, we used to take turns taking care of the house, right? Yeah. And I was like, oh my God, I built that giant web. But we kind of laughed at, we're like, holy shit. And like I was holy. It's a big spider. I knew it wasn't going to kill me or anything. I was educated. But I go, what do we do? And he's like, oh, well, those will eat like one of those will eat like all the roaches on the property. Oh, okay. So, um, so we actually opened the door and he actually took the broom and like just swept it out. Okay. And we didn't kill it. And then we just swept the web down, vacuumed. But it was just very unexpected. Welcome to Australia. Oh, God. Yeah. Right on right in your personal space. Right on my interest from your face. Yeah. And then it was living in the house. Like just to know that that was on the other side of that door. The whole time you've been in the room at least a week. Yeah. And then I had another time. And that's the one. It was just to see it was terrifying. Yeah. And it was on the outside of our cabin. And I mean, it was like a dinner plate spider. You know, just huge. I couldn't imagine it. And we had the luxury of being able to say like, oh, let's just not mess with it. Like your alley story. You know, I just don't. Yeah, I couldn't imagine it being that close. Yeah. Yeah. The only other one that was like notable was I opened the medicine cabinet. We were living in this old house. And there was like one of those old, you know, mirror medicine cabinets that you just, it's got magnetonating. Just click it open. Yeah. I had, I don't know if I had ever opened it. Like I don't know if I'd ever opened it. But I was looking for something. And I thought, oh, well, maybe, I don't know. I'm looking for Advill or something. And I thought, well, maybe my roommate, meh, debob. Where's my debob? And so I opened it to look. And there was a perfect funnel web. Like a little funnel web with a little black spider sitting in the back of it with a little red sign on the back. Because if funnel webs are related to black widows. So they have that, they're black with a little red. It's a different looking symbol. But they have like a funnel style web and they sit at the back of it. Okay. And it had built a little funnel in there. Yeah. And I was like, oh, shit. That's a funnel web spider. And like they're very poisons. You don't mess with them. Don't mess with them. And they're little, right? So I, there was a, on my Aussie neighbor. I was like, what do I do? And he's like, oh, come and get it. So he like comes over, you know, barefoot. You know, just walking on this walking through. It's just like, yeah, just say not afraid. Yeah. That's why I'll find this job. We, we had, um, uh, Senapeds in New Mexico. They got real big. Oh, they were, they were. They were. They were. Senapeds. They're like, you know, eight inches were the really big ones. And they're like, yeah, gosh, three quarters of an inch wide maybe. I remember seeing one when I first moved there. It was like two weeks in, and all I had for my bed was a futon mattress that I brought with me. It's futon mattress on the floor. And so I'm basically sitting on the floor, right? And I'm getting ready to go to sleep and out of my peripheral vision on the other side of the room. I see something moving toward me. And so I look over and it was the Senaped. And it was like running straight, like literally straight for me. It was, uh, I stopped him and, and then I put him in a box and I wanted to keep it for a pet. And then that didn't end up working out. But yeah, but I remember I grabbed something and I like pinned him down. And when I pinned him down, you could hear his feet on the carpet going to the floor. Like just trying to get away. Yeah. Like you could hit him. Like I grabbed a book. I think in pinned him down with it. But it didn't even hurt like he's thick enough. That didn't smash him with it. I just held him there. You know what I mean? Oh fuck. Yeah. I, uh, the first time I was in Malaysia, I was backpacking. I hadn't got to Australia yet. Okay. And we went to this backpacker lodge and we realized it was like a rough shit hole. Like it was. And I started seeing, and night time was coming. The sun was going down. We started seeing roaches everywhere. Oh God. And I'm like, oh fuck. And I'm like, I hate roaches. But I remembered that we had just been in this store. Like two blocks up was like, yeah, Yeah. It was kind of corner general store type of things. Yeah. And I had seen bug spray. Okay. So I ran back there and I bought what was like a canner raid. Right? Yeah. And I went in my room in my backpacker room. And I sprayed that whole canner raid along the door. Spread it under the door. Like there was like a puddle of raid on the floor. Under my door. And then there was like a puddle of raid on the floor around this one vent. I just sprayed like half a canner raid into the vent and all around. Probably terribly toxic for everyone who's breathing in. Yeah. Including you. Yeah. I sprayed all this raid around every little thing. Like there was a crack that I thought looked a little open. So I sprayed a little suspicious. Yeah. And then I was like sleeping at night. Like like, like, he wrote this right. Oh, God. So gross. I kept waking up and turned the light on. Yeah. Roaches in here. Roach patrol for two nights. Oh, God. And then you don't know like are they in my luggage or am I taking it with me? So the next morning there was there were some dead roaches on the floor by the door. Oh, okay. So roaches that command and they make it a little ways. Right. They go through the through the the shit and they kind of make it like a few feet across the floor. And then they like, Yeah. So it worked. Yeah. Yeah. And then I got like, you know, had to get along a transplant. Right. Yeah. It took five years off your life, you know. But there are no roaches in your room. No, no. Yeah. That was a lesson. All right. What do you say we go to the, we got these all the like, we're not going to do all these around. There's literally like close to 30 overrated underrated. Oh, fuck. Okay. It's due a few. Let's do some of the things. All right. I'm sure you can pick a good one. All right. Let's see. Oh, train with Arnold in his prime for one month or have a lifetime supply of supplements. Well, to train with Arnold. It was a Arnold in his prime, not like you can go to golds, you know, next month in train with our little. Am I at least healthy? Oh, that's another good question. I don't have a bad elbow. I'm not like. Yeah. That might have changed your old trajectory too though, because you never did a lot of volume. And what if after what if 19 year old Ron didn't go to Australia, he went to train with Arnold and you're like, well, you got a train for three hours a day in the morning and then come back and try to. It would be a would've worked for me. That's true. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not that star struck at the idea of training with Arnold for a month. It would be cool, but I also already get free supplements. So there's that. Yeah. So I go with I'll go with training with Arnold. I'll train with Arnold for a month. Yeah. I kind of was thinking that too. I was like, well, you already get supplements. Yeah. Yeah. You're all set there. No, I'll be fine. I think it would be just fun to train at that golds gym. Oh, yeah. You know, like, what's his prime 74? Yeah. Somewhere in there, 74 75. Yeah. I just spend a month at golds in 74. I can do that. That'd be awesome. That'd be so good. Just that experience in itself. I would train a ton for that. I'll take no more supplements ever. And that includes growth, guys. You know, no more. See how my, see how my sense of humor tests out on girls from the 70s. Yeah. Yeah. They won't get any of my science-owned references. No. No, they won't. We'll be big trouble. All right. Come out this one. Would you rather have to train it for a M every day or only be allowed to train after 10 PM? Oh, two really annoying concepts. Yeah, those are terrible. Are you guys open 24, 7? No. No. Okay. What time do you guys close? 5 to 10. 5 to 10. All right. Which is reasonable. You don't know me. And it's like, yeah. So I had a train at like 4 a.m. Or I got a train after 10 PM. Yeah. So basically after the gym closes. God. Well, that's, that's Scott. That's one of the worst choices. I don't want to, that's terrible choice. Guys, I have to tell you, I've gotten to know you over the years around. We've been doing this for a while. That's, and I can say this definitively that you are not an early morning person. No, no. So the problem I have with this concept is I hate morning. So I'm not a morning. I'm not going to have a 4 to 500. I was trying to be gentle with it. Yeah. I'll just not train anymore. I have this. Another hobby. I'll just do pushups between guitar riffs. Yeah. Yeah. So the 4 a.m thing I just, to me, is just like, God. And then, but the problem with after 10 PM, is that I don't, I don't mind the odd work out after 10 PM. But I want to do that all the time because I got a structure like my energy levels and right. You can caffeine late all the time. I like to be in bed by midnight now if I can. And that's hard for me. I go to bed at 1 a.m. a lot of times. And I'm like, I got to get to bed earlier. You know what I mean? I go to bed at 1 get up at 8, 7 hours of sleep, right? Yeah. But I want to get to bed earlier. And the 10 o'clock thing I'm just annoyed is, should I mean at this point? All that caffeine. Yeah, no. And you're not. You know, like imagine like late day or whatever, and then you're going to go home and go right to bed. And it was your bed for a while. And it was about 11. And then I have time to finish a few emails and get in one game of Madden. Yeah. Yeah. That's a terrible choice. Who was that? That's a, that's a victorious responsible for that. Oh, yes. So here's my answer. Sorry for your health. Sorry for the, sorry for bitching a compliance guy. No, that's, that's the, that's the fun of it. I think I would go with the 4 a.m. Okay. I just, I just, I just, I'm definitely going with the 4. Yeah. I just say, okay, you know what? I'm just going to commit to getting up even earlier now. I'm just going to get it over with and out of the way. And then I'd see if I could maybe make better use of my time through the day and get to bed earlier. But I wouldn't be happy about it. I'm doing 6 a.m. now. This one I've been getting up, but I go to bed at about 9. Like it was 9.30. Now it's gone. It's unstealing. It literally is, but we have black out shades. We're going to bed during the daytime. It was pretty much, man. Pretty much. But I could, I could get with the 4. I just have to, you have to get used to it. I mean, you've probably trained first thing in the morning, haven't you? Oh, I'm done when I had to. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was periods of time. You know, I've had multiple jobs at once and all that shit, you know. Right. And you get into the groove with it, you know, but it takes a little while. Even if it's just one day a week, like I had a period of time where I had to do my Saturday workout had to be early. Okay. Yeah, because I had this big long shift on Saturday. It's a double shift type of thing. So I had to get it in early. Yeah. So yeah. Well, that was a good one. Okay. What's the next? Let's see. We get a couple more here. Um, I already know the answer to some of these. Like would you rather hit a new PR, but tear a muscle or never PR again, but stay in drink free forever. That's a no brainer. It's a no brainer. Which rather bulk forever or cut forever, but never reach your goal, Fasey. So basically just be a bodybuilder. Yeah. Just bodybuilding and general. Would you know, I've been broken since, you know, 20,000, 2000 in 10. I would rather cut forever because I'd live long. Yeah. Yeah. There is that as you know, live longer. They feel better. Yeah. And it's like being in a calorie deficit is a longevity hack. Yeah. I agree with that. 20. Yeah. All right. Would you rather eat? I cut forever, but fall off the wagon twice a week. There we go. I tried. I didn't think that was cotton, but it's just been tough. Would you rather eat plain to la pia for every meal or drink unflavered BCA, BCA is every day. Drink unflavered BCA's. You could just chuck that, right? It's like that. Yeah. And I only drink a meal when I train. Yeah. And that would have been like all of 2005 to 2012. Like I didn't really have a lot of flavors. I just drink stuff that tasted, but tolerable. I didn't get the job. You needed to do. You know? Didn't even cross our minds how it tasted. Okay. How about this one? Would you rather win Mr. Olympia once or be in the top 10 for 10 years straight? Oh, win once. Yeah. Yeah. Win once. I mean, Mr. Olympia. You can win once and then you can just retire. And say, yeah, do it right. Get like your your socials going. Yeah. You know, during that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, and I'm not even thinking the money. I'm just thinking the like it's the Olympia. You know, it's a whole point. And I also think now in hindsight, like the guys that can get in and out the fastest. Or sometimes it's a healthiest. Yeah. Like, just thinking, you know, statistically you'd like to want to spend, you know, an extra 10 years doing something. It's why I get done. I think it also NFL players too. Like, yeah. I think a guy's who play like five seasons. They've got a, you know, 2.1 million dollar contract. You know, they did the rookie thing for the made 250 grand for a couple of years as a rookie. And then they got signed again. And they make their 2.5 million for a few years. And they win a Super Bowl. Like, just quit. Yeah. Like, sorry. You're going to get a head injury. You're going to fucking blow it like statistically you're playing NFL football. Take your Super Bowl ring and your $678 million and just fucking get out. Dude, I just think that all the time when a young guy, like somebody's guys first year drafted win a Super Bowl. I'm like, okay, bank five million and get out. But these guys, they're like, oh, you know, five million's not much. I got all these houses. And I got, you know, this staff working for me now. And the next contract's 15 million and they still need more money. And I just wonder, where's all it? Where's it going? And like, like, I just think, man, you know, because we see what happens to people when, like, you know, NFL's tough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good having just two if you're doing it for that long. But hey, then you've got guys though, the guys that can do it for 10 years and hang in there. You know, you've got your guys like Daxter Jackson, the, you know, he's probably healthier than anybody else. But that's the thing. It's to do that. It takes a certain type of guy that who can do it and be smart about it. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, are you doing 10 years hanging on by a thread or anything it takes? Or are you just not eating fried chicken, you know, or yeah, that's the thing. And that's another thing I think people don't realize is that they're competing against some people. Where 10 years means they're going to, they're still off drugs for four months a year. Yeah. Like they, oh, they don't know. People don't believe anyone goes off. But there's guys that, that's how good they were, you know. You saw that picture I sent you on text yesterday, the guy with the waist. Yeah. Like that, I don't think you helped that guy. Didn't you? Yeah, I'll put that up here. So we worked together for like a very limited time. He was like, well, I want to work with you, but my, you know, me and my family were going to Disney world. And then I want to do nationals after that. And you know, I'll have like a good six, seven weeks or whatever eight weeks till like really, you know, plug in and work real hard, you know, dial it in after that. And he did, right? He was natural. And he, but I, and he did place in the top call out at like 19 years old, you know, like hardly knowing anything. And then of course, you know, he goes and works with somebody else because, you know, down the road, there's like people that are like, and I'll tell you what you need to know. And of course, then, you know, things did progress and he did learn how to put on size with age. He turned pro quickly. Like it should have happened the next year, but it took him a few tries and he did get his pro card, but the waist man, like, people just, I think at him because like he didn't have to work for that. Like he could do that look for decades, you know? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Which, you know, some people don't realize like I said how easy it is for certain people. That's what I'm saying, man. Yeah. All right, let's see. I'll try to come up with one good finisher here. We are in, looks like we've got so. That wasn't good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. Would you rather look amazing in person, but terrible in photos or amazing in photos. But average in person. I already get people say all the time. They have for a long time. I call you a way bigger in person. Oh, no kidding. Yeah, but I say people don't realize that I'm a big guy. Like I'm, you know, almost six foot one. I'm very pretty wide and you know, the big guy, right? So I think it's a lot of people who were just referring to that because obviously I've downsized a lot, but I see even, even when I was big, when I was 300 plus, I would overwhelmingly get that in people pick, oh, you're way bigger in person. They would say it like that too. You're way bigger in person. I'm like, oh, thanks. I don't know. I was just attributed it to how white I was. I didn't like really pop off photos or something. You know, it was a white guy thing. Yeah, we're a white guy thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a tough one, man. I would rather, I guess you got to take big in person, you know, because you want to let people down. Exactly. You know, I'd rather be pleasantly surprised. Right. Yeah. It's a, that's the last thing, you know. Yeah. That's, that's funny, you know. Yeah. There's some other ones in here like that we would, would you rather be a bodybuilding legend, but broke or wealthy and unknown and wealthy and unknown. I'll take, yeah. That's another no brainer here. Would you rather be the best natural bodybuilder ever, or the best bodybuilding coach of all, time? Oh. Well, let's say best coach of all time. Yeah, I'll take that too. Because to be the best coach of all time, you have to have Olympias. Yeah. Like open Olympias, right? Yeah. Yeah. Can't be the best coach of all time without open Olympias. And that beats being a natural world champ, in my opinion. Absolutely. You know, like with, yeah, respect to the natural, yeah. Yeah. Well, if he's making the money, the, like I'm seeing, I'm thinking about my future. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So I'm sort of thinking like, would you rather be like a star player who wins a national title in college football or a Super Bowl winning coach? Yeah. You're like, well, the coach has pretty good story and he gets to win a Super Bowl and he gets to be at the very top of the, the, the food chain. Yeah. There's a lot more money involved. So yeah. I'll go with that. I'll take that too. Yeah. Yeah. I can't get a Canadian bodybuilder by the way. Who? I mean, if we count classic. Wow, bum step. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't make it. But Chris. I just default to when we say best bodybuilder. I just default to men's open. Yeah. No, I did too. I did too. Yeah. But somebody in the comments right mentioned that. Oh, yeah. For sure. I mean, something else. Those were good. Those were good overrated or, or would you rather, is there, what do you call them? Choose one or later underrated? Yeah. Okay. I mean, there's some more in there too. Would you rather fart lonely on stage during your posing routine or forget your entire posing sequence mid show? Forget posing. I could just make it up as I go. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's something you can do. You can't take the fart back. Just get up there. Just. Wow. Especially if it's like a dead stop in your music or something. Yeah. Get through a quiet. Like a moment of tension. That's different. It's a crowd's going crazy. And you know, you know, but if it's at that moment where they haven't started applauding yet, you know, like gentleman front double by a sap and you just wrap. What's that? That's it. You might be known as that guy, especially if that got caught on social media. You know what I mean? Yeah. So you're the kind of farted. Yeah. So what have you seen? I've seen some stuff. I've seen some embarrassing things happen to people on stage. Yeah. I saw like a few females have had like suit malfunctions. I've seen that. Like it's unfortunate. Pretty embarrassing. Obviously no one really cares and everyone's like totally supportive. But at the time. Yeah. And they're horrified. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Suit malfunctions. And then I, I know of a story. I heard about a guy fortunately no one realized what had happened. But he knew and the guy's in his class that's something what happened. But I knew a guy of a guy who shithomself a bit on stage. He like had like squeezing out a pose and he sharded in his trunk. But he had black trunk on and he could smell it. And it was a very embarrassing story that I was told to me by his friend. And he was like, they were already done several rounds. So he was just hoping he could make it off there. Anyone noticing. And then they turned around from the back poses and he was like, Oh my God. I think I'm all right. I think I'm going to make it. And then he like escaped the stage. And like did it very low key and no one really knew. But I guess the one guy in his class was like, fuck it. Stunk up there. Someone was farting. Yeah. And so that was all that too man. Yeah. You said that I thought of that story because I was like, Oh my God. I can't even imagine the stress would be. Yeah. That would be pretty rough man. I don't think I have anything that that terrible. No. You've seen those videos of power lifters who are who puked. Oh, yeah. Right. Like they're doing the deadlift or the squat and the like the front judge has to like jump out of the way. Yeah. Yeah. That happened. I bought it going to show once that I was out. You're kidding. Yeah. He was doing an office class and he was big. He was like a very big body builder and everyone was pretty excited to see him do his debut. Yeah. And he was like going to do the novice class. And so everyone is expecting him to like kill everybody. So he comes out for the novice class and he's like obviously going to win. But you know, it was back in like the 90s and everyone is doing all that dumb shit. And he was saying to his friends he's like, I don't feel good. And they're like, Oh, look awesome. He's like, I don't feel good. And he like apparently didn't feel good at all, but just kept like waiting for his class. Yeah. Trying not to drink anything and like all that stuff, you know. And he went on stage and they start calling poses and the front lats bread and all of a sudden you can tell like he's not doing well. He's in the middle of the call out. And he has hands on his hips and the other guys are posing and he's just standing there and all of a sudden he just goes. Oh, and this objectile pukes. So they just go, ah, we're going to call an intermission. And they just called an immediate mini intermission and they just everyone left the stage and the judges said to jump back out of the way and it was horrible. Oh, do you get the cue to if you projectile vomit on stage or they let you come back? I don't remember what happened because I feel like you might have a flatter stomach. You know what I'm saying after all that. He came back to this place was so small. Right. I so I remember at one show there was a guy throwing up backstage. Okay. That's scary, man. Because you don't know why they're throwing up either. Is this an hydration or what? Yeah. And one of the officials went over to him. He was a really good guy. He was an older guy. And he went over to him and he was like, listen. And I think he gave him a gatorade. Yeah. And he was like, you're going to drink that whole thing or I'm not letting you on stage. Okay. He was like, and you're going to do this and I can't keep me. He made him have something else. And he was like, we don't have it. You can't go on stage. You're dehydrated. Your electrolytes are messed up. You're going to be in suit. He was just telling him you're in trouble. Yeah. I don't see it as much anymore run as I used to. But like, when I first started, which would have been like, you were already body building. It was diuretics where a lot a lot more of a thing like extreme use of. Even just like the calcium sparing diuretics, you know. Yeah. And test and sparing. Thank you. I knew I didn't have that right. I got you. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Thank you. Thank you. But I do remember the multiple occasions of like I remember one girl in particular figure girl sitting on the steps and her hands were just shaking. And I had a pediatl like there and I was like, drink this, you know. And told her like, here, I just so many times of that kind of thing happened. Even I remember and this wasn't that long ago. I guess it was at the Olympia girl in 2018. Maybe it was, there were a bunch. It was either bikini or figure. And it was at the expo stage. And they're all kind of lined up on the sides, you know. And it's, they were all like right up along the curtains and one of the girls who was like back by the curtain just fell out. And they just like opened up the curtain and pulled their back. And there was like a bunch of people to attend tour like right away. Yeah. Yeah. I remember when Dallas was in Australia, Dallas, Mcarver. Yeah. And he did that show in Australia. And he sort of started passing out during pre-judging. Yeah. And they quickly carried him off the stage and like, you know, Paramedics hit him. I was standing right there. Paramedics were all over him. But blah, blah blah blah blah. And that was like, oh shit. That didn't look there for that. Oh yeah. It was right there backstage. And there was an Australian magazine at the time that was doing like a website thing and they wanted me to interview everybody. Oh, no, give it. Oh, no, give it. It's kind of working for this Australian magazine. And I was interviewing everyone. So I had interviewed Dallas and I was interviewing all the body builders. And yeah. And so he came off and he was like on the floor and everyone is tending to him. And then we all left. Yeah. And then we came back for the finals later on like, you know, five o'clock. And I walked back stage and Dallas was standing there talking to Steve. And Steve was like, you're not going on, man. And Dallas was like, I'm fine though. I like I'm totally fine. And Steve's like, tell me, you got carried off stage and prejudging. There's like liabilities. You're not going on. Wow. This is how it works. Like I saw it happen. And I can't unsee it. And yes. And he was like, okay. And so he didn't let him go on. So it was the finals without him, right? But that's what you mean. That's Steve being smart and responsible. Like, right. I mean, yeah. I mean, yeah. I don't see that as being him like punishing him. No, it's not a fun thing. It's like this is a organization. Yeah. You know, you just, it's terrible. And then what if something happens to you then like, you know, right. Obviously like, you know, if you months later it did. And that's just, like, terrible, you know. Yeah. Wow. No. I never told me that story before. Yeah. Yeah. Because he came back like, I want to go on like, I'm ready. Feel great, you know. Yeah. What you would, too, when correct things, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what to do. Yeah. Wow. Here we go. Oh, do you remember when DeLette froze on stage at one of the Arnold's. Yeah. That was famous. Yeah. They have the whole series of pictures of how we talked about that one. Yeah. We did one of those reactions. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The least of these. You can't not unfortunately talk about that. If you're going to do like a sum up of Paul DeLette's body building. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that was like before any my time. Once I started body building everybody was like, you know, we don't ever touch loop DiRetX. Yeah. And think about this. Think about how crazy the 90s were. Guys made the same mistake more than once. Yeah. Like Paul got messed up on loops for the Arnold got carried off stage. And then at the 98 Olympia, I believe he was first call out in the pre judging. And then I don't even think he finished a show because he was so messed up. I got to look at that. But there's a there's a battle for the Olympia where they're walking to pre judging. The big group of them, right? They're all walking together from the hotel to the venue and they're all walking as a group. And Paul has a giant jug of orange gatorade and he's chugging it on the way to pre judging. Okay. So you know something's up. Yeah. Like, you know Chad was like, you're messed up. Yeah. But then he never came back for finals. I don't think. I'm going to make sure what you're that was. Which tells you like what happened. Yeah. You know, for him to not show up and he was first call out. So let me just confirm if my memory is in fact that. Yeah. If you don't, somebody else will. You know Ronnie Flakes, NASA Kevin Sean Chris Lee, earning Mike. Yeah. Yeah. Paul Dillett, Paul Dillett did not finish. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. So it's a 98 Olympia and his score was 35 after the first round. So he's in the top five. Yeah. You know what I mean? So yeah. Crazy times. And he just wanted to momma, Ben Aziza. So yeah. Go back and watch him. Yeah. We just did that whole thing on a monster. I don't know if he saw our reaction. Yeah. Yeah. Ryan Ryan here commenting if you want to see that reaction on Monser. We talk a lot about that stuff. Yeah. You know. Well, I think we we get through this thing, Ron. Do we do this? We do this on right. We do this. We must be. We hung in there. We made it. I know dusty guys. We're we're missing a piece of our souls without without. We're dusty here. But it's good to venture out on your own. So you don't become totally emotionally dependent on someone. You know, like it's good for you and your wife to, you know, maybe have dinner with like you did for your wife to go out dinner with your friends once in a while. Oh, yeah. You're going somewhere else with that. Oh, yeah. You can go off and you know, you bang a few horrors just by your own plan. Like it's just just a little bit like this world. We'll build. Yeah. Yeah. Just so you perspective on humanity is not just the same. You know. Yeah. So she goes out with her friends. She goes out with her friends. Yeah. You know, you see how I see the world. Right. It's a little bit. It's fair. You mean we both share. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Well, good luck with that Scott. Okay. And we missed Dusty. We'll see him again next week. And we give some more guests coming up. So whatever you guys, any suggestions for guests or if we have someone on and you think that they're especially good fit, or make it make sure you let us know. Yeah. And leave us comments too for the next show. And you guys let us know what's going on if you're on Spotify. You know, if you're on Spotify, we could probably use some good reviews like some five star reviews on Spotify. I'm guessing it could definitely use a few. It'll help us out. Or about to crack 40,000 subs on YouTube, which is pretty cool. And we're getting, we're, I, I compared 25 to 24. We have already had more views in 2025 than we did in all of 2024. Ron. Really. Really. Growth is I've been trying to push things in a few different ways to get the channel to keep growing. And 2025 has been, you know, and growth growth has been growth has been selling really well. A lot of people buying the growth. A lot of growth. Yeah. I'm not a growth really moving a lot of growth. Good. Yeah. Moving a lot of growth. I want to see the channel really spending this year. You know, remember that code. Yeah. You're joking. Yeah. Totally jokes. Edit. Remove this whole part. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm happy to see the channel grow too. A lot of people tell me they're listening. And every single time someone says they listen to show, I'm like, because like I said many times we put the show out and it's just it's out there. Yeah. And then when someone who's in my actual bubble comes up and says, hey, good show. I'm like, you listen to the show. Like, as I was blows me away. You know, it almost does. Okay. What, what, what more thing, where where you, you were traveling? Traveling. Oh. Which, where'd you traveling? What? Just on the weekend? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I just went and see my dad and my sister and brother. Oh, okay. And no, if it was like a mutant thing or no, I was just on Vancouver Island. That's why we're doing the episode a little later today. For those of you don't know, you don't care and it doesn't matter. We're recording a little later than usual because that was traveling this morning back from my went and saw my family yesterday. We just went over for lunch. Oh. And then Emily and I thought instead of rushing to get another ferry home, because it's about a four hour trip. It's about a four hour trip door to door like from my place to my sisters. It's about four hours. You get the ferry ride. There's a bunch of bullshit, you know. We thought why don't we just get a hotel and stay for a night and that's a great idea. Yeah. And we had our dog sitter with our dog sitter had the dog. So we were kind of like, you didn't have the kids for a night. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. I got to check out Vancouver Island. Of course, Victoria has told me all about it. I've seen like pictures of the ferry and all of that. One day when we have more time and we get out there. I want to see the island. It's an amazing experience taking the ferry over to Vancouver Island. It's just like, it's something that we take with like, Toss it's normal. Yeah. A lot of Americans that come there like that was real like, That was a great trip like to go over to the island and see it. And it's funny because I mean, people who live on the island might not think this, but when I get to the island, you get off the ferry on the other side. And it just feels like everything's moving slow. Yeah. I like that feeling. It can be if you're, if that's what you need like, Yeah. Like you're like, let's go get a couple of days on the island. Yeah. That's nice. But if you're like kind of in a hurry, like we've got to get to my sisters for lunch and then rush back to the ferry. That's not fun. That's not fun. That's why we didn't want to do that because the traffic's not moving quickly. Like, yeah. It's a big island too. Have you ever been to an innaimo? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm playing. I do in some serious the name of our shopping. I don't have to go to an innaimo to get an innaimo. But I feel like I know, but I feel like I've got, Ron, I've got the supplies here in my house. We've got kits to make them. We can do it on our own, but I want to try like from the source and see if they're right. And see if they're better. I get it. The curiosity makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Well, we'll let you mule and our. You mule. Yeah. Have you muleog if you're going to do the innaimo bars? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Oh, that's the name of it. I'm going to maximize our loading. Yes. Okay. Okay. Well, remember everybody. I am mutant.com, user code, big Ron or dusty. Get your 20% off. Save 20%. Don't see people. Stay home. Have it delivered. And I got a bag. The delivery on mutant stuff is super fast. Like you guys are, if you, or if you're going to get it so fast, you're going to think like, you're going to think as Amazon involved with this. Like this is crazy. But they're not. No. No, they're good, man. They're quick. They've got Jim has it's not just being shipped from Canada. Like you guys have distribution in the US. So we have a warehouse full of it that we've already shipped to. Yeah. Oh, they're there. So it's quick. Yeah. Nice and fast. Now, I think it, where's the head quarters for shipping? Is it actually like Nashville or something? Oh, you know better than me. Yeah. I think there's like, I think it's the FedEx headquarters is in like. Some city that you think is like, I remember I think it's Nashville because I remember thinking, oh, it's music city, but then they're like, oh, it's also. The FedEx main airport. Oh, like that. I still, there's a lot of stuff that, and I don't want to miss quotes. It's Nashville, but it's one of those cities that you think is something else. Right. We can look that up. But anyways, I think our warehouse is there so that stuff can be like shipped very quickly. You know. Let's see here. My fist, Tennessee. Oh, man. The FedEx headquarters is so anywhere close to that area would probably be good. You get good service there, you know. Yeah. So I think it has some to do with that. I think that's where our warehouse is. It's something to do with the headquarters of shipping, you know. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, it's just find out for yourself. Use code big rod or dusty. He's not here, but you could use the dusty code too. I am you in dot com. Remember, like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I was almost waiting for somebody else to say it. I was like, oh, that's me. Yes. I'm going to. Oh, yeah. Remember the Patreon. And then also, too. I'm going to be on Bloodsfoot and Gear this week, right? Yeah. We don't know if we're going to do it. But we'll figure it out by that. Yeah. No. I want to be prepared. And if I need to, if I need to be included on a text email or a text chain or anything. Let me know. I will do that for you. I will accept another. Another. Chatechain. I missed something today. What's your miss? We've got a physique critique. You want to do it? You got five minutes round. I just realized that right now. Yeah. Five minutes. All right. You can insert it. All right. Yeah. Well, we're not done yet. So technically, I literally have his email pulled up right now. All right. All right. This is Kevin. So this is the bonus section for those of you that haven't left. This is true last five minute crew. Yeah. It really is. Kevin's like, you guys forgot about me. You know what I'm saying? Until this. Oh, no way. All right. So I wanted to submit a critique to. It's just bodybuilding. He said, uh, this pot is my favorite. The synergy between you three is evident. Oh. It's he's currently a hundred and ninety three pounds. Did his first show last December. I know I need to grow everywhere. I'll well having a hard time growing on 300 grams or protein 350 grams of carbs and 60 grams of fat. I never had issues gaining weight in the past. But after this show, my body is definitely different. The difficulty in gaining has come from marriage Relationship stress extremely high or am I or my bodies ability to burn through calories. My coaches are friend of the shows. And you've had him on and tell you some old school stories. He made meat, burgers, and fries for weeks. And cheap meals, two times a week to slow down digestion and help absorption of clean food. I'm a coach myself for lifestyle clients. And I'm not sure that the philosophy of this. Let's see. Anyways, currently, only 600 milligrams of gear, I think, is what he's saying. It was running 900 tests, 400 masks, but due to life stress, I am waiting to push, even though my body doesn't seem to respond to any antibiotics outside a trend. By the way, thanks a lot, Kevin. Now I have to certify that this program is really to that stuff, too. We got away with not talking about that stuff, Ron. All the way up till now. Let's see. All right, here we go. So here's the pictures. We got a front double here. And, let's see if I can't zoom it in. You further. Yeah, there we go. So we got a front double. We got a rear relaxed. We got a front relaxed and a rear double. OK. How old is he? I didn't catch his age. But I'm going to guess late 20s early 30s. OK. Got a good beard. So he's not too fat. So like, see what's he? He's a quadseq, you can see quad separation. And he's got ankles and calves. And he's got a waistline. And I don't mind that his abs are kind of foggy because that's fine. His conditions fine. He can be this body fat level. That's no problem at all. He just needs to grow. I mean, he's 193. I don't know how tall he would be. But he needs to just pack on it, bunch of size. I don't like the drug doses that he was on. I think he's too much gear. I think that he should look at trying to hit like 225 pounds on like 500 makes it the test. OK. Like I really do believe that like the first 80% of everything you're doing to try to be a big bodybuilder can be done on relatively conservative doses of testosterone and minor cycles. It's the difference between that guy and like the next level that we all want to get to. That's the, that's where things change. But at his level, he just needs to train and eat long periods of time with some testlet with some testinum. Like that's all he needs. I don't see anything like wrong with his physique. Like he, I mean, he needs mass everywhere. But like he's got legs already and looks like he's training everything. He's got back width and some thickness. So I would just keep on it. But I would keep the drugs to a minimum and I would be patient with a timeline. And one thing that he said that a don't like was he said like, my body doesn't seem to respond to anything but trend. And I would say like that's probably a misconception. It's probably what you feel, but it's not accurate to reality. You just need time. I like that. I'll add this because we don't know anything about his training. Yeah, there's a bunch of holes, right? So I'm just, yeah. And I'll say this just out of my own personal experience around that I trained hard. We talked today about these long workouts that I was doing with Shelby and John was writing them. And I took plenty of gear. I was eating all the food and taking all the intro workout carbs. And I made progress. I competed. Maybe don't give myself enough credit because in the scheme of people who've lifted weights in their lives, most people can't say that they were like a consistent, light heavy weight. If I was going to be a light heavy weight at a state show that I would be a threat there to some degree. And I can say that most people haven't reached that level. Like most people were listening to the shows, haven't even competed. So I put on a decent amount of muscle, but I still didn't tap into what you were dusty had tapped into. And I could come up with all sorts of reasons. Maybe I obviously didn't do it for as long either. But I really figured things out in my 40s on the least amount of gear that I had ever taken. Like literally I'd taken all sorts of stuff, right? Computing and running 600 tests and eating just casually. Like making sure I ate enough protein each day. And the carbs were like, well, whatever carbs fit with that meal. Like I wasn't paying attention to my food. I was taking 600 tests. But my training got to be at the next level. And I really chased down strength. And at that point, the scale just started moving again. In my mid 40s. So anybody who took all sorts of gear in the past, somebody would eat way more than that. Somebody who had done all sorts of volume and everything. I finally was onto something. And the scale was like moving into places I had never seen it before. It all came back to that training. So I just wonder what is training is. Is there anything in there that he can tap into? Maybe his recovery isn't maybe he needs to. I mean, Ron, I started with a push pole legs five days a week at that strong at this point. And as I built strength, this was crazy dude. But I went to one day on two days off. And I kept it. It was like it slowly morphed into that. But at my ultimate strongest, I was like, fuck it, I think if I take another day off, I'll be even stronger. And I'll be able to surpass my previous fast. And I did. So out of nine days, I trained three times. And I was getting close to 240. Yes. And that would have been the heaviest. I'd gotten to the 230s before. But this was like I'm closing in on 240. I'm closing in on that. And I'm not taking nearly as much as I had in the past. I'm not even pushing the food right now. So I guess seeing that, I really saw some shit that I missed with training. And part of that maybe had to do two within the past. Like I had a really busy physical job that probably ate into some of my calories stress. He was talking about having a really high stress. I don't know how you get rid of that. Yeah. But like stress man is going to destroy your gains. I don't know how you get rid of it, how you fix it. But fix your life so that you can be good at bodybuilding, I guess. Yeah. I don't preach to people or harp to people. And I know the decisions I made were my own. But I always like specifically, I mean, I was just so steadfast on what I was doing. I didn't think I was not being deterred. So I was very like, if I was going to date you, I wanted you to be fully aware of what I was doing. Like, yeah. I wanted to date someone who knew what bodybuilding was like what's going on here. And I wanted them to understand. And I had a single thing that was out in the open right from the start. And those are the only girls that did. And so when I see bodybuilders like dating people who, I'm not saying this to case with this guy. Right. They're there. They're there. Why for something? Hates, hates their training or hates their dieting or hates. It's like, okay, either this isn't the person for you because they just don't want you to do this thing for some reason. Or you're not good at doing it and managing your mood and your time and your attention. And so there is it goes both ways. Like, sometimes it's just like you get to get rid of that crazy bitch. And then other times it's like, you're you're impossible. I can't believe she's still with you. You're so. I'm glad you have a girlfriend. I feel like people don't point that side out enough. We hear the other side. You know, we can be somebody who supports you. And it's like, you also have any hear the other side. Take care of your own shit. Yeah. She's like, yeah, yeah. She's like, he quit work for five weeks because he wanted a peak for the his entry level show. Yeah, for the state level show. And you're like, what, so what, you're just bringing a paycheck home? Yeah, it's all on me. Like, I hear that stuff. I'm like, what the fuck is going on? Yeah. You know, living the dream living the dream. I remember like more than one guy. So I don't want anyone to think that this is about them. This is lots of dudes back in the day. But back in the early 2000s, 2000 to 2006, 7. I lived in Edmonton, Alberta. Okay. And it's blue collar. That's oil. Right. Oil town. Yeah. A lot of people work in the oil field. Oil patch is big deals. And back then, the economy was cranking cranking. Yeah. So like, all those guys in the oil field, I don't exactly know how it works. Because I never worked in the oil field. But they would say stuff like, yeah, oh, I quit that job. I would get it. I just went down to the union and got a new job right away. It was like there was so much work that like I remember having body builders that I was helping and he's like, yeah, I couldn't get the show off. So I just quit. Like, and then, and he's like, oh, but in these are guys that make like back in those days too. This is 20 years ago and they're making like way over six figures. Like, they're just laughs. Wow. So like, blue colored dudes that are making 200 grand a year. They're got a house. They got a truck. They got a skidoo. They got all the toys. They're just banking money. They're making so much money at the time. So they don't care. Like, yeah, I can get the shop says quit. And I'm like, oh, what are you going to do? I'll just go down to the union and just get another job after the show. Like, because they were all like pipe fitters and welders and so they was like, all this like infrastructure for them to do that. And there was so much work constantly never ending the economy was just. Just going ballistic. So it was just this free for all guys would quit just because they couldn't get Saturday off for legs. Like, yeah, like I knew guy he quit multiple jobs. I died at him for a bunch of shows and he'd always be tall. I quit that job. Yeah, and they wanted me to do overtime overtime. I'm like 10 weeks. 10 weeks. No, no, no, no overtime. Told us, guys, fuck off. And you know, you could make that stuff work because I've seen the other side of it where somebody is maybe stuck at a job that they're. Maybe not doing the best right. Not the best for their life, but they're able to eat their food when they want to be able to. Yeah, like, well, if I got that new job, I don't know if I'd be able to do that there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You'll make it work no matter where you, you know, where you do what's best for your life first. I was last at the dude who just quit quit his job quit his his job that paid 170 grand a year. Just quit it. I can get Saturday off. Yeah, that's crazy. There's another one. It's tons of those jobs. Yeah, it was a funny time. But I knew lots of dudes like that, you know, this anything for the prep. Yeah, but we're Kevin, I'm with you. I didn't see anything in his physique where I'm like, oh, dude, you need some arms. In fact, his arms look pretty strong to me. No. You know, everything looks there. Yeah. It's just that matter of like, I see this as being a situation where like, you need to figure out the switch. There's a switch to get to that next level. And maybe it is. There's something in there. We don't know what it is. Maybe it's getting the stress reduced, figuring that side of your life out. Maybe it is the training. I would definitely take a hard look at training and, you know, and maybe it's not the stuff I'm talking about. You know, like I'm telling you, like, oh, I went super hard. No, maybe it's something else for you, you know, and maybe it's just time. Ah, like yeah. Time is just a forgotten factor. It's the one we can't do anything about. So we don't talk about it. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's not a variable that you can do anything about other than try to use to your best as a person. As ability, you know, so yeah, it could just be time. I mean, the guy might just need five years of just slugging away. And then the wise words around you know, very wise. I don't know. That's a funny word to use. Wise. He's wise. So this. Well, thanks, Scott. Okay. There was always that good last five minute crew. That was good, man. That was for this year. I think you guys got that was like the the gem for the last five minute crew right there. Okay. Okay. You know, well, I'm happy about that. Okay. Thanks, everybody. Thanks to people that tagged along. We went live last minute. Scott just said, Hey, I'm just going to turn the channel on and see if we get anybody. Yeah. Which is kind of cool. People on the beach channel. Yeah, we get Ryan and we get blunt forest. Tanya and forget, you know, you know, you're a little bit. You'll see and Ross and Mark in a couple of people that we've seen before on this stuff. So it's, oh, Ethan also poach his head in. You can see. It's always a sin. Okay. Thanks, guys. Remember, it's just body building. Good. All right.