I got enough GH to do 60 units per week. How do I split that up? Take all of it. Yeah. Like I'm the first to the mom. Don't bother me, completely. What about the bloodswitten gear? I'm just gonna go ahead and get a scum. Scumming now. What's up guys? Welcome back to Bloodswitten gear with coaches. Get, Hill, Andrew, Barry, myself, Scott McNally. We are brought to you by Trunutrition.com. Use our code, thanksupplementsourst.ca for Canadians. Of course, we are brought to you by Patreon. And today we are joined by Big Paul right now. What's up, Paul? Thanks for joining us man. It's going on. It's going on. It's going on. Just do like a crossover episode. Everybody loves crossover. Sounds fun, man. What are the things we do? But with Paul. Let's just tell us all your story. Paul, we're going to run one of our friends. Ram boy. One arm, Paul. I'm not a big Paul anymore. Oh yeah, yeah. So before we end the show today, we are going to go in deep to talk about all your stuff. We want to hear all about it. I saw you posting those pictures you showed us before we started. You just had your surgery done. I want to hear all about the Pap-Tide protocol and all of the stuff. And all the plans for that stuff. But we do have a bunch of listed questions. We're going to start with those. You know, I thought this was kind of interesting the way we're doing it. He said, I got enough GH to do 60 units per week. How do I split that up to get the most out of it for making gains? And of course, we should definitely turn to our guest host, Paul, to give him the floor first. First of all, take all of it. Yeah. Like I'm the first of the month. Don't bother with me. Yeah, you know, I've tried every sort of GH protocol that there is. And I've honestly, where I've landed is take as much as I can afford and tolerate and do it before bed. I would have, I'm diabetic, so I'm acutely aware of my glucose levels. I keep the CGM going. It's like a monitor what's going on. And what I've noticed when during contest prep, I will split up the doses for the lapatic effect of it during the day. But what I've noticed is if I take it during the day, while I'm eating carbohydrates that my glucose levels get a little too high during the day. And when I, what I found, it seems to keep my glucose levels the best. When I just take it all before bed and one single ballus and do it that way. And what I've seen no difference in IGF on levels or anything like that when I do it that way. But contest prep usually I'll split it up. I'll take half in the morning and half before bed. And then that's usually how I do it. I know a lot of guys say take it before fasting cardio. But it's not even going to be peaked before two hours. It takes about two hours for it to peak anyway. So it's kind of pointless doing that unless you're going to get up two hours before you do your fasting cardio. I mean, that's sort of my take on it. It has about six hour half life with the IGF one effect of it. From what I understand is like 36 to 48 hours that it stays. IGF one will stay elevated when you're taking great moments. Really like the whole splitting it up really the only compelling reason I can see to do so is for fat burning. Yeah. What do you guys think? Everything is set as one. This is a study's resume. It's got a controversy. It's just in one of those. No, and I'm totally. It's kept held destroyed. It's just not a little like I don't know. He's having a bad day or something. Got paid. He's losing a sling on one handed Mary. He's couldn't even come back. I'm also lazy and I don't want to take four different shots during the day. No guys that are breaking up in the morning. I don't know what they're doing. They're doing drugs for 30 years. I still don't look like I'm a god. I haven't done it for 30 years. I was thinking about like since I've had my surgery. I was thinking today. I'm like, what was the last time I took a shot at testosterone? I'm thinking of myself and it's been like fucking two weeks. Now the college, here's what I was going to ask you. Or make the point. I don't think it's a good idea. I'm asking you guys what you think. Is that necessarily, I think, taking the GH prior to cardio makes it more of a That's certainly fabric. But it will help to counter the raise or the rise in blood glucose. That's what I've done that. Beat will go with BJ. It's easier to say. BG levels. So I guess I always looked at it from that standpoint versus man in a brain. It's so much more fat. And maybe people assume that. Maybe I'm misreading. Maybe that's the, I don't want to say myth. But I mean, that's the understanding. Well, those shift you to lipid metabolism. GH is lapotic. So it does, it's really at the end of the day. It's a very expensive fat burner. I mean, it's probably not as effective as Tickling Beauty Raw. I mean, where do we rank it? It's called, yeah. It's there. It's like there's green to here. There's GH in there. I would say it's one of those drugs that makes you look leaner all the time without necessarily burning fat. Because like you, we all know like, well, never talking about us now. But back in the day, I remember seeing guys that were like, who could afford mass amounts of GH, you know, when I was in my 20s and they were in their 40s. And these guys were, you know, had veins popping everywhere. And like, you're talking about the shirt on, you're like, oh, they're not actually that lean. It's just that the peripheral, you know, the peripheral, like arms and legs, like veining and maybe you think that they had this conditioning level that they probably didn't have. I think it's kind of... That they would pull this out. Yeah, yeah. So I think it's definitely an aesthetic compound. Yeah. But in terms of like how to split it up, you know, if he's trained in five days, I would just take it on training days, 12 units, whether it's one bullish shot at some point during the day or split it up, six and six. Here's the biggest thing I've noticed with GH. If you're taking enough of it, it works. Regardless of when you take it. That's the thing, right? Like, because I've done, like Paul said, I've tried every different, you know, dosing mechanism and mode to get it in. And, you know, I think my very best was I was taking a bottle of seros to him right after training every day. And, you know, I, I, I, I blew up and everything was going great, you know. And, what had been different if I would have broken it up like 99 and done like, you know, 99 fasted, 94 bad or 99 fasted, 99 postwork out or even nine pre work out. And everyone has their, I guess, superstitions on when to take it. But I think the bottom line is just take it, get it in. Can you say GH, what it does, it stimulates HSL, home run sensitive light pay. So you do get increased light product effect. It frees up trackless rats to be burned while you're taking it. And also limits LP also. You actually, you have this dual effect of it where it actually blocks fat storage and increases liberation of fatty acids while you're in it. But that's also why guys get high glucose levels too because you're shifted towards lipid metabolism and not glucose metabolism. So it's sort of like a temporary effect of, I guess glucose and insinitivity specifically in the, or I'm sorry, insulin insinitivity specifically in the fat cells. And that's why you can kind of play with it. Like if you're playing with insulin with GH, you can force, especially if you're lifting, you can force glycogen synthesis while you're limiting fat storage. But long term you might make yourself a diabetic. So that's the, that's the downside of it. But did you get huge and ripped? I mean, let's keep our mouth out. No, and you make a good point right there. Paul, because that question, Andrew, I don't know if you remember, but that question came up and I posted it to you a few weeks ago. I'm like, we can't have bringing this up on the show because a lot of people, I don't know if it was just a cycle. But anyway, I say cycle like a trend where I was getting asked a lot about the timing of insulin dosing versus GH. And essentially the idea that if you take them too close together at the same time that they, it's like they cancel each other out. She had to, I went the other way with that though. I feel like there's more synergy taking them fairly close together in terms of, excuse me, insulin will help translate KIGF1 receptors. So if you're taking the GH, you know, you're getting your liver to produce IGF1, more, more translocation, easier attachment to the receptor. So I see the benefit of putting them close together. And I agree with you, but then the, the, it begs the question, where did the, the protocol, um, Paul had antiquated if you want to spend around for a long time of, there's a 15 minute gap between I did it. I mean, I went along with that guideline two of a, you know, 15 minutes and then hit the insulin. Almost him crying. There's this window. Don't go screwing it up. Don't cross that line because they're going to cancel each other out. I think we sometimes need to be careful as trainers and people who, I hate to say influence for people who, people who influence other people without calling ourselves influencers. With things that we say because they can be, they can be taken so, so literally black and white. When we're not really saying that it's black and white, we're just giving parameters. And then the people are the perception is, oh, this has to be, this is, this is what it is because so in some sense, this is, it's like, well, we're just giving you parameters and just guidelines here. So I think if you, if you look back at, you know, pros that were started using heavy GH and insulin in the early 90s, and then look at pros in the 2000s and then looked at people today. Because I say pros because back then I feel like it was only pros that really had access to growth hormone and insulin. I didn't know a lot of local guys, you know, when I was coming up in the 90s and early 2000s that were blasting those, those two peptides. There's a lot of different protocols and they all got huge and ripped and every method worked. You know, whether it's, oh, I take my GH before and I take my insulin with a bunch of carbs after training or even reverse it and taking, you know, insulin and intercarbs and taking your GH post. It all works, you know. I think, I think the bros here that insulin in GH are counter regulatory, which is true, but, you know, insulin is going to promote nutrient storage. GH is going to promote liberation of fatty acids, but specifically in our situation like if we're taking insulin, pre-workout and we're lifting, we're going to promote gluten for transport. And you can block lipoluses at the same time, that's why guys get lean while they're taking GH and you can kind of force the issue with glycogen storage while you're working out. And if you're pairing it up with, you know, kind of like meal of such a lifestyle, like the high volume training that he does and slam it a bunch of carbs and taking insulin around the workout, you can, it seems to, there seems to be some sort of super compensatory effect that happens with glycogen synthesis. And then you're also limiting the lipogenesis through the effects of GH and how it limits lipogenesis. So it's kind of like, you know, the end result is you get four and you have less fat storage on top of it. So it's kind of a, I would add to that too by adding injectable carnitine to the mix just amplifies that even more to with, with hand thinking like a gen retention and increased fatty acid utilization at other times. But ultimately, I mean, I think for us, like in an option, like for the way I look at it with GH, there's different purposes for it. Like I look at it. The use of it differently on off season than I do for contest prep really really for like off season. Ultimately what we're looking for is the elevated IGF one levels, right? Because we want to increase, um, lower in AMPK and then increase hypertrophy. So really like a single bolt of stoce is really all you need during the off season. We're not too that too concerned. I am worried about guys getting their blood sugars and A1C2 high and the off season increased insulin resistance as well. So I just, that's kind of like my logic, my long-winded answer. I would believe me, I thought about this a lot. So we talked about splitting it up through the day or not. What about A's on versus days off. He has 60 units. So if he split that up every day that comes out for like eight and a half units per day over seven days, would you guys do seven days a week or would you say do it on training days or a specific setup? I'm every day. Yeah, I run it every day, but then there's there is an argument where if you take a bigger dose that you might get a bigger IGF one spike. I have seen that that compelling argument too, you know, like sort of the whole 18 units of Sarah stem before bad. That's why they dose it that way because you're good more of a, you get more of a, and a ball like a fact from it from taking the higher dose single ball of stow. So, you know, I know the old school guys just run it five day was a five on two all like during the eights and those dudes, but I think that was mostly because they were limited by budget, but yeah. I don't know. I think when you get north of 10 units, it kind of becomes a midpoint. And how much fluctuation is there with IGF levels, right? Your peak doubt. I just really don't see that. So, when I say I use it every day, I don't know that it would matter if I went three on one off five on two off. You're not getting much fluctuation. Once you're at those. The only compelling reason I could see for taking some days off would be to prevent insulin resistance if you have to try to give yourself a break on that aspect. Particularly in the off season, I think, you know. Yeah, yeah, like so like if you would do some sort of carbs like when a clock cycling maybe, maybe it would make sense not to take it on your low day. Because IGF one production is going to be lower when insulin and carbs are lower too. So that's that's possibility. It's just a fat burner on those low days. So I don't know. I'm just thinking abstractly, but long story short. I take it every fucking day. I think we're all kind of in the same same agreement there. Single bullets every day on the off season long story short break it up in a couple doses on contest. If you're trying to burn for that. I know what for fun. Let me pick you back off that and just ask you Paul, you said you break it up into a couple doses. That's what I'm doing. What's your timing? What's all of our timing for those two doses? Well, I mean, if you look at the act of life on it, it's six to eight hours. But the way I structure my meals when I'm one prep. I like my usually it's first four meals or no carbs. Then I work out in the evening and I have my carbohydrate meals. So I take it in the morning and then I take it at night when I'm in a low carb state to increase my policies and then I kind of get out before my work out. And then use that as an opportunity to promote glycogen synthesis. So that's sort of my thought process. You could break it up. I've heard guys break it up into three doses pre work out morning. Before bed that might make more sense because it's active for about six to eight hours somewhere in that range depending on how your body metabolizes it. So if you want it, wanted it presence for the fat burning effects all day long, probably three doses make the most sense. I just curious when I wake and then prior to training because it ends up being about eight hours later. I'm not a pre bed. I've talked about it before. I can't do pre bed because it messes with my sleep. Really? Really? I get better sleep. And I've heard that from other people too. I think that's why that part I think is individual. It just racks mine. It'll chop my it'll chop two thirds of my lemon really. Yeah, I'm the exact opposite. That's like a baby when I take it at night. And I've heard that I'd like that. I've been asleep like a baby anyway. I've never had sleep as thankfully. Sleep issues in my life. I've been on some books. But about I had the first sub cue. I had always done it. I am thinking like, I'm going to get my levels up higher this way. And then I hear hey, maybe sub cue might be more beneficial. But you guys think. Yeah, I mean, I've talked to Kurt quite extensively about that. I mean, he did a lot of research on GHM from what I understand that there's actually there's some concern that I am that the peptide itself might get grown or damaged. I enzymes actually in the muscle tissue. And that it was the drug was designed to be administered subcutaneously. Are you telling me how do you call my gains? I spent a lot of money for that. Now you will get a it's going to be metabolized quicker. I am right. So you're going to have a quicker higher peak. I'm just going to be in an out faster. But I mean, the way the drug, I mean, if you look at the answer packet on on Sarah's time, it says administered. Prebud and a single bolus. That's the way the drug was designed initially to be used for. But it was not in defense of that. It was also designed primarily for kids who were HIV problems. That's not the same. You also tell you that's true. Yeah, we all do that. Yeah, I don't need that. I'm recalling conversation with Scott Stephenson a couple years ago that I had about. All right, let's say let's just say the same example 60 units of GH. Yeah, the theme was like why not just divide it into two doses that week and take like 30 a bolus 30 dose on Monday and another 30 unit dose on Thursday. And I can't remember the exact but I think like the results are about the same. Based off like literature and obviously underweight kids aren't, you know, lifting, heavy ass weights and eating tons of food and doing what we do. But I think in the studies versus daily versus, you know, once too we bolstowsing they're about the same. For what I mean, yeah, I mean if we think about it, if the IGF1 levels are raised for 36 to 48 hours, you could probably get away. We take it into a couple of times a week. You're not going to get the alipotic effect from the fat burner. If I look in for talking to a good girl. Yeah, we're just talking strictly for high-purchasing or growth or muscle, sparing muscle wasting as an HIV, how they use it. For anti-catabolic effects, but. That's a good question though. Sorry for the long-winded answer. Let's good. It's what we're here for. If you're in the market for protein powder, check out true nutrition.com. They literally have like every protein powder under the sun. So with their cold filtered weight isolate or their team skip blend, I prefer the chocolate peanut butter cut, but there's a few flavors that I like. Let me know if you have any questions about that. Victoria, my wife, she gets the P protein isolate. It's rare to find a P isolate. Most of them are concentrated. So the isolate is super low in carbs regardless of your diet. They will have a protein powder for you and you get to flavor how you want and buy it by how many of her pounds you want. So check them out. True nutrition.com. First company that ever supported our podcasting. So we support them. You can support us by shopping with your nutrition and using our code. Think about this one. And we're 10 days late on it. He said emergency question. So 10 days later we're answering. And this will come out for like another day or so. He says. I'm coming toward the end of a blast about 20 weeks. Made insane progress, but I'm starting to lose strength. Diet and training hasn't changed. I could eat over training. I tried taking a D load and it did nothing. I don't want to come off cycle until I gain back my peat. Peaks, pigs, drinks to maintain during my cruise. Do you guys think of this one? Well, I think number one it doesn't qualify as an emergency. So there's that. It's a muscle emergency man. Yeah, just a little cheap. It depends on your perspective. Yeah, exactly. It's angel. Is this due to a power lifter or a bodybuilder? I would assume. I'm guessing. Probably a Jim bro. Yep. Yeah, probably a Jim bro. I mean, to me, it's like if your body's giving you signals, it's had enough. It's had enough. And at this point, you're probably wasting drugs. You're wasting calories in your wasting energy. Getting from overtraining or overreaching into overtraining. And like you want to be a little greedy, but you don't want to stretch it to the wheel fall off when it comes to blasting off season. I would rather quit a little early and get into rest period in a surplus of energy, growth potential, less fatigue, etc. Be able to take that de-load and then cruise and then be able to get right back into it in six day weeks and hit it already. That's just me. Yeah. When do you guys usually see that the wheel start to fall off with the morph season? Like weak, weak-wise or like in terms of, Yeah, weak-wise. I think it depends on where it started to. You know what I mean? Like how lean was the person. Yeah. How lean. What are the stressors in your life? What about even for ourselves? Because I know myself. I proactively delund. I think I'm one of the few. Do you? I don't care. I'm anything. If I wake up and I'm like two days in a row and I'm like, I'm not feeling it this week. I just want to go to the gym. You know? Yeah, but that's more. That's a little bit more reactive. I mean, I will literally force myself at the sixth seven week. Even if I'm feeling like a million bucks and I preach it to my clients too. Coactive deloding will always have you come back in a better position. It's just hard to do psychologically because you're like, Oh, I can get another week. I can get another two weeks. Once you step into the, I think, once you step into that reactive mode, at least in my experience, then I'm too far. Then I'm the whole that I have dug is just a little bit too big. Proactively, then I always come back stronger. That was my argument when I said, I'm doing this every other week training. I've said it for years. I'm tired of taking a week off and then I come back and I feel like a million bucks. So when I take a proactively, that always happens. And the vast majority of time happens with clients too. But we tend to do them reactively. Not, not that it's bad. But sometimes when you take them reactively, you don't come out of that cruise. That's necessarily at a hundred percent. So that's my argument for the pro. You can't lose. I guess is what I'm saying. Even if things are going great, you're like, I can ride this a couple more weeks. The only time that I think, okay, it's probably a good idea. If you know something's coming up in a couple weeks, where you're going to not be able to train, then I can see extending it a little bit because you know that you're going to have that time. But my boring life with no kids or anything else anymore, I don't get that. I go on vacation to see the kids. I'm still training. It's the same boring life no matter where no matter the demographic or what I'm doing. I usually see the wheels fall off somewhere in that 16 to 20 week range. It seems at least for me. That's about the maximum I can push. And that's what I've seen with my clients with the drugs, the food, the PEDs. And like you said, skip a few programs and D loads in there. I can probably get, I like, I remember it's funny because Dante was doing D loads. Before our D loads were cool. I remember when he was training me back in the early 2000s. It was every fifth week. There was a D load. Yeah, it was four weeks of blasting. I remember in that fifth week was a D load. And then I could get probably three of those blocks. And before I needed like a break. Like I at least that's what I've noticed now. And it's like I, what I've seen too is like, it's weird with the strength. It's like when I pull back and go on cruise, I don't know if you guys have noticed this. Like a lot of times my strength will start going back up. Yeah. When I get out of the cruise. We've talked about that recently too. Like there might be a point with this guy that it's like just too much. Who knows he might get stronger coming off, right? Well, the inflammation is what I ended and I were talking about because I have a similar thing where every time I go TRT, I swear my progress is better in the gym. I feel better. The strength is up. The weights don't feel very heavy. Probably the first six weeks of TRT. And then it kind of levels off. That's fun to do that. Because I've been three weeks on 15 milligrams a test a day. And what it was I work out to 70, like 105, is that right, 105 milligrams a week. And my strength is right there. It's not even a little bit better over the last two or three weeks. So yeah. Yeah, it's wild. That's what I've always seen too. So it makes you wonder if it's not toxicity of the drugs. I always say, don't worry. Or maybe just the central nervous system is over attacks from all the endurgens. That's possibility to all of the above. The other thing is the body does sense in a lot of ways. The PDs as a foreign invader. And that's why a lot of guys have immune responses. We've all heard of test flu, right? I think there's extreme cases of that, right? Where a guy takes 400 milligrams a test a week. And he actually has like those crazy flu-like symptoms. But I do think there is a very immunosuppressive effect on varying levels for all of us, based off of PD loads. And maybe it doesn't exhibit itself as the flu-like symptoms, but fatigue and letter G and poor digestion, more information, all those different markers. And it builds slowly. It's kind of a frog in the boiling water. You don't see it until you finally realize, oh shit. I'm not in a very good spot right now. I was talking to Dr. Dean St. Marda about him. He brought up an interesting perspective. I never really considered when he was pushing antibiotics really hard for a long time. He talked about that. You'll see guys like initially like they can handle it. The blood work doesn't go so. Things hold up, but after a long period of time, you'll everybody ends up where the blood marker start to go south. And he speculated that your body, when you're pushing superficial, logical doses of stuff, eating a lot of food and training hard, that all of your stem cell resources are being used for head purchase, re-relevant and repairing organs. And that you have to pull back the hook, you have to pull back the food, you have to pull back the training, you have to pull back the PDs for a period of time to true TRT. Maybe like a six, eight week, 12 week period of time and let your body recover and get that. You let that stem cell pull recover so your organs can regenerate and repair themselves. That was an, I'd never really considered a thought about that, but that was kind of an interesting thought. I think that's why it's important that we have people who are smart, educated, academic, you know, in the industry as well. It makes for a good combination because that I agree with you. That's not even something that I would have, I mean, that's, that's way over here and then skip is over here. I'm medium smart, I'm in the middle somewhere. Grossmart. Right, right. Body fat percentages. How do a lot of these guy Jim Bros? Look at themselves and say that they have so and so body fat level. My Jim Bud has a decent six pack and he says he's around 10 to 12% body fat. Do they actually know what they are looking at to determine this? No. How many times have you guys had a client come to you and tell you they're 12% body fat and they've got at least 50 pounds on prop. Yeah. That's such a fact. It's, in the 90% of them say 10 to 12. The other 10 is 12 to 15 when really, you can, I mean, sometimes you can literally double it. 90% of the time. Yeah, you say 10% to whatever they say and that's probably our. Exactly. That's not usually very close. I think it's, what is it? Is it just a, I think, and I don't mean this, you know, in a bad way, but it's kind of just ignorance to understanding what a percentage of body fat looks like. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. Damn good at 10%. Because I've had someone send me, there's like a, there's like a meme or an image on Google search of like, what 10% looks like, what 5% looks like, what, you know what I mean? I think they're kind of compared. But they're only seeing like the good stuff and they're not remembering. Oh, yeah. I still got the love handles or I have, my, my glutes and hands don't have any lines. It's just one straight piece of meat going down, you know. But I have one other thing, do you guys get people that send you the in body scans? Oh, I'm not terrible. Please don't. And I'm just like, I don't even look at these. I'm sorry. Like first off, it's a flawed mechanism for calculating your body fat. It's based off of the estimation for one thing. And secondarily, what does it matter where your body fat is? If, if an A if we're in a prep, like it matters what you look like on, you don't bring a card that says I reached 4.2% body fat, you know? The only person I let actually check their body fat with hydrostatic Wayne was Jon Meadows. When he was like 3.3% back when he came out. Yeah. Okay. So like when he went, when if he was measured university, university setting hydrostatic Wayne at 3.3. And I'm like, you don't look anything like him, bro. Like the guy you got your abs and you got some glute lines. But your skin is not translucent like his is when you shine a light through it. You're probably more like 5.1 or 4.9 maybe. I don't think people realize how lean 10%. Yeah. You're not far from being stage ready. You look damn good at 10%. Okay. So let's piggyback off that. Let me ask you guys, what do you think the average person is from a body fat percentage? On stage when they're in really good like they're just peaked and wild. Not like the most ironic guy in the stage, but the average person. 5.5.5.5.3. I would have said 6. I said 6.5. I just said 6. I get my guys to get dexaskins at the beginning of prepping at the end. I always do, I'm not who knows how fucking accurate a dexaskin is. Like I always like 6 to 7 always looks decent. One of dexaskin. I've been as low as the high 4's on a dexa and I've been like last year. I was right at 6 when I got on stage when a dexa. So just again I'm going to piggyback. Which look was better on stage as far as fullness just over all total. I'm batting. I'd have put a million on the same. This was a better look. Yeah. We all want to be sure. We all go after that. They want to put a number on it too. Do you know what I mean? Like we're looking for like something tangible. I'm this percentage. I want to get to this person. Or wait, you know, you see people who are like, hey, I weigh this much. My goal is, you know, I'm going to look good at this way. But what will go on with the long line? You know what I do? They will do all kinds. You know what I do. You don't correct you though. They don't weigh this. They're sitting at. Oh, Jim. No one ever says I weigh. They say I'm sitting at the 20 right now. Yeah. Everybody, everybody severely over estimate. How much muscle they have in and They underestimate how fat. My experience. Everybody thinks they're at 250. We sitting at 250. I was always the opposite. I always underestimated the other way. Whenever I'd send pictures of the John, I'm probably fat as fuck right now. I'm probably four hours a day. Well, that's why you were successful. Yeah, I mean, I honestly will. It's like, well, you're only fooling yourself, right? When you make statements like that, like, because everyone else is like, well, like if you're a coach and you get something when someone's saying they're 10% and you're like, bro, you're clearly 17 to 19, maybe even 20%. So yeah. So it's only playing a game where now I have to convince you right now that you're going to have to work a lot harder than you think you do because we're not going to show up at 10 minus 4% of what you think 10% is. Sorry, you know? Yeah. I tell you something about a deck set that blew my mind. That's that. What's that? I tested at a percentage about a year and a half ago that I literally laughed at. Always, always thought the decks are was incredibly reliable, arguably the best practical measure or the most accurate measure that you could get. And the body fat level came to an end. Like, that's not that lean. She's like, oh no, you definitely said, I'll tell you what. I'll come back because they only let you take at least this place. Only let you take a deck set because they consider it next, right? Every three months. So I went to a different place three weeks later. And I had to literally beg them to do the decks on my stomach almost 4% different. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. And I knew it. I said, knew it. I had a really good idea because I think we all know. I didn't think this when I was younger. I was like, oh, this is bullshit. That doesn't make any sense. But typically as we age, the body fat, you don't carry body fat evenly from the front to the back. I was always lean as hell from the back. And now I can be damn near ready from the front. And I'm nowhere near ready from the back. That's right. Almost 4% different in that three weeks. That's pretty substantial. That blew it right there for me. I'm like, well, don't know how accurate that. Now, clearly it would probably still be accurate with all things being equal to same variables. If I were to always be on my back and I see those numbers coming. So I got a scale, weight scale that's off by 4 pounds. It's still going to read accurately from that first, that first read. So you're either progressing up or down. But it's still at the end of the day. It's not an accurate weight on the scale. It's not an accurate assessment of body fat. At least in my situation. Now it was a different deck say it could be argued that it was calibrated differently. But almost 4% no. I don't think that's a very good margin of error. Well, they have a, from when I understand it's a plus or minus 2% either direction margin of error. So they could be a good result. Yeah, either direction. Yep. That's larger than I would have thought. Yeah, on a big acceleration. Hydration. I thought. Not just hydration. I mean, who knows if that's accurate. Hydration also affects it too. Yeah. Yeah, and not just that stuff, but it's not as accurate as we like to think because I, I remember we had this, you guys remember when Ronnie Coleman did that interview with Joe Rogan and he said, I was negative 2% and everything went off when off on a middle. Like that's impossible. You would be dead, know this. And recording with Scott Stephenson at the time, he broke down how the decks of works and he had said he was like, you know, the reality is it's still going to be a flawed measurement. He explained why I couldn't repeat it. It was something years ago now. And he had mentioned he was like the only way in the scientifically the only true accurate measurement we can get is if we dissected you. That's the only way we could know for sure. Yep. Yeah. Where can we get that done? Put you in the meat. You know, somebody was listening to going, is that part? Oh, no, I can't do that. I mean, the decks is going to be the closest affordable thing hydrostatic panic or an MRI. It's probably going to be the most accurate, but even still is a margin of error. Yeah. So just take it with the grain of salt. All the way, the pictures will matter. Right. Right. Yeah. But the answer to the kids question now your buddy's kind of blown smoke. Yes. I think it's a minute to get that. But that's okay. We'll get to the answer. I think people were interested in hearing about body. Yeah. You know, real real calculator, real visual calculations from coaches that look at people's body fat all day. And the take home point of don't use the in-body scan. Let's get it. Right. I can't keep the look. They're at, like, just usually it's like a gen pot person and they're at their gym and and somebody conjures them into it. They're like, oh, you're doing really good. You're doing in-body scan and they get them. Mike, you know, the trainer at my gym is going to have me weigh in every week now. He says I'm doing such a good job. I'm like, yeah, okay, whatever. And then 40 dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Or the or their fishing for a client, you know, and you get the message all of a sudden, oh my god, I'm, you know, we have to change something. I've lost five pounds of muscle and I've gained three pounds of fat. How did this happen since Monday? You know, the new scales that use B. Yeah, it doesn't get anymore outdated than that. So, you know, people ask me all the time and not in the industry, but friends and family, you know, what scale should I get? One that just tells you how. Yeah. What you weigh? Because everything else is a giant waste of money. Yeah. Yep. All right, question for the next show from late, weight, baby. He says, um, says he's planning on doing, uh, test, decanoate, DACA and EQ. Plans start 100 milligrams of each compound Monday Wednesday Friday. So taking a total of 300 milligrams, uh, each weekly. Uh, is this a good ratio? Uh, I have used these compounds before, but never together, uh, in an experiment with EQ, I once ran 800 milligrams along with 200 milligrams of tests to see what it did to EQ and it tested at 9, uh, PG, uh, normally on 200 tests with nothing else. My Astridile sits at 40. So EQ does have some effect on my Astridile, uh, just that, uh, info might help with your answer. Are you married? Do you like to have sex? Does you want to have a girlfriend like that? That's going to matter. That's got test decanoate. Who the whole uses that? Yeah. That's the first thing I saw. It was on cycle. Yeah. I would also say, well, I guess I would ask the guy what your goals are. Are you just trying to dabble a little bit, I guess? Like to me, that that's not TRT, but it's also like, it's 300 tests. No, oh no. No, it's not never mind. Sorry. I can't get the manager. I can't get the manager. Yeah, I thought for some reason it was 300 each three times a week. That would be a cycle, but never mind. That's what I'd get. That's, I was actually going to be like, if you want to really, you know, see what these compounds could do. 300 of each Monday, Wednesday, Friday versus 100 milligrams. That was especially. Well, if he's coming from, well, I used to run, you know, 200 tests and 800 EQ. It's like, okay, so you're someone that's probably used to running some decent milligrams cycles. I don't think you're going to, I don't think you're going to see what you want out of 300 of each, you know, Monday, Wednesday, Friday. That's just my, actually 100 of each Monday, Wednesday, Friday. It's a cruise unless you're running a gram. There's an honest statement. Double the test. Let the, let the deck in the EQ make up roughly 50% of the rest of the, that's what I would do. Yeah, that's, yeah. It's kind of, it's kind of, spend the wheel with deck anymore, whether or not decks go to work. They're sure. We always get so many in the comments, so they're like, all I do that, go only all the time and it works great. You know, there's always that one just. We're so happy for you. I've been married for 33 years. My wife hasn't had the step out yet. I'm not going to give her a reason. It doesn't mean she hasn't. I just say I haven't given a reason. But I'm, but I'm, all right, we had some stuff at the stream here. Gamboni, Gamboni Law, our favorite lawyer who watches the show. He says a great show guys. Eddie thoughts on adding dim in burberry into my vitamin stack during the summer with a T RT if you are already 10% body fat. And he might as well let you tend to. I'd say it would be him up. He might be a lead. He's a lead. He's a lead. He's a lead. Yeah. I know if I'm ever in any legal trouble. I'm calling this cat. He's a good dude. Yeah. I guess I would ask him, what is the reasoning that he's thinking he wants to add him in? I mean, Burberry is usually a staple in most of my plans anyway, especially if someone's pushing food in any capacity and for other health benefits as well. But is he trying to maybe put on a little bit more mass and he's going to push his food a little harder? Is he concerned about his estrogen and his estrogen recycling and the liver for the dim? I guess I would ask him, I guess what I want to see, what are you taking? And then are you using any AI's with it? Where's your blood sugar at regularly? That kind of just some more information. Because I don't want to just, I don't give a blanket list of supplements that everybody has to take because I don't want people waste money if they don't need to waste money. And so I guess I would want to know a little bit more information. And I guess in this case, using Skips example, I'm reactive to what their labs and what their feedback is in terms of the supplementation. It's not just like he was a blanket list of 20 things to start taking them. Yeah. Do you guys think Deng actually does anything? I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. And then no. No. We've been seeing maybe. A little bit when, and especially I found like with natural, like bikini competitors, girls who aren't taking anything I've seen a benefit there. But not to the point where I would say like, oh man, we got to get our hand. Like it's not like a game changer kind of thing. And I wonder if he's natural because that may be more of the, and if he's a true 10% because he said with TRT. Oh, TRT. Okay. I missed it. My apologies. If he's a true 10% and he's not pushing size. Okay. If he's a true 10%. You're probably quite insulated at that point anyway if it's a true 10%. So yeah. If you're maintaining condition, there may be the thought of, and maybe I'll be a little dry, maybe to help a little bit with estrogen. You know, I'll get a little crisper look. I won't hold as much harder. Dr. I'm not going to hurt. But I don't see a huge benefit there. And I don't see the benefit of burying lessies pushing. I don't think it's bad, but it's the same time I don't think it's necessary. Yeah, you gotta be careful with burying too because sometimes you can check up your stomach too. There is that too. Sometimes guys will get tired of explosive diarrhea from burying. I've had a few situations where that happened. Yes, feel that people treat it as more of an innocuous supplement than, I don't want to say than it is, but then it is. It's certainly not bad, but I can just put it in there. It's almost like an insurance. I call it an insurance supplement. I think I don't want to get over the counter supplements, though. You know, sure. Well, guys will probably take things for stuff that they probably don't need to proactively take them for. I do like some burying in there for, you know, if you're running growth hormone and meat and shit ton of carbs to keep some insulin sensitivity in check, but we're probably for the doodle and TRT just working out just the general probably unnecessary to be honest with the probably both of them are unnecessary. And if you ever an acid in your shoes, just take an AI. Yeah, just that. There is, but yet it's a pretty small one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm going to say take out a DHD. Rather do that, yeah. If you can find it, have you guys heard from your resources about Primo still not being available or what's it? Because I'm not paying attention. Primo, I hear, was not available or hard to find. But put them on the back, but Master on is incredibly more expensive than Primo, right? Really? Okay. Yeah, sure. So I'm sitting in a gold mic. So what you're telling me? How are you going to say? Did everybody's on the, everybody's made the run for Master on? Yeah. Yeah. What do I do now? I think that's because of the Primo shortage. And then it's like, okay, I'm going to switch to masks. And so everyone over bought masks and stocked up. And now they're just a little bit of a shortage of Master on. That's kind of what I'm thinking. I can see that. I don't know what I'm thinking. John, do it's all the time talking about Master on too. So I think a lot of people run his protocols. They're, you know, Chase, all those guys. Master on was pretty popular last year in the Test Mass GH combo. So guys tend to follow whatever what everybody else is doing. It seems like I remember to skip your old, not many. Remember when Master on was considered a shit stare. No, but I would take it. Why are you taking that? That's what girls take. I had it on that list too. I was like, man, it's useless. Yeah, Primo too. People were like, yeah, we know how to run it. Being the worthless drug for a while. And then it just turned up. People weren't taking enough of it. Why remember back in the day, it was like you had to take 700 to a gram to get anything out of Primo. That was the, the thought. It's interesting how things have changed now. We did a podcast recently about like low dose compounds. And people were, I mean, we Dave and I did this. And we, you know, throw out some really low doses, but I expected this. People leave them were like, oh, you think that's low. No, you should be taking, you know, 50 DACA. I've been making fantastic progress with 50 DACA a week. Okay. Okay. Well, placebo's works sometimes. True. There's that. It was a good podcast though. We got a lot of views on what's the lowest dose, the lowest, you know, the lowest effective dose. We had a guy in the stream who says, and I had to how much he took. Yeah. Asked him how much he took. He didn't, I don't think he got back to us yet. But he has said, I took a lot of right at true tide. And I started throwing up why was this. What would you guys consider a lot of redder? Well, I mean, if you look at the phase two clinical trials, they went up to 12 milligrams. Yeah. That's a spicy dose. Yeah. I mean, I got an Amazon. Well, I want to get 75 exactly. I'm like 1.75. Yeah, that's about where I have been going to tune now. I'm going to tune now. Yeah, I was running a milligrams every fifth day. And then I went up to two and it was too much. And I backed back down to a milligrams every fifth day. I'm going to say, like, I think the trend is 1.5 to 2 milligrams is great. And I'm going to use the bodybuilders. That's what I'm seeing. That's what I'm using with people. I think more becomes overkill. And let's say less for most people doesn't really do much of anything. Like if you're trying to stick to less than 1 milligrams a week. But yeah, I'm finding that 1.5 to 2 milligrams is like that sweet spot for most people. I agree with that. Yeah. We got asked about filling out, trying to fill back out while on redder. What if you guys experienced with that? Because I was, you what? I guess, I was. But I moved with my dose to be able to push 900 to 111, 1200 grams of carbs and our high day. So I think if my dosage were higher and I was limited and the volume of food, cool, I'm, it's just a really good balance. If it were higher, I probably would struggle to get that in. I've seen, I don't know. I've seen people have a hard time keeping full. Yeah. Real. Two zip-a-times to that to me, like, at a very low dose. And so I pulled it. But if, if, if, if talking like a bodybuilder trying to carve up for a show and present, I would pull it, probably 10 days out personally. Well, I mean, it is a glucogonag, it is, which is going to affect glycogen synthesis. And theory only with a liver, but I mean, so that is something of a concern. I mean, if you're eating enough carbs and taking insulin, then you're probably conforms to the issue. Yeah, I kept my time. I mean, two meals in. I'm like, wow. Yeah. I've kept my carbs really low and I got super flat to the, but if this way, I'll be more sensitive than anybody else looking at me and I'll be like, oh, man, I look really small right now. You know what I mean? And I'm walking her and I'll say that to like my wife and she'll be like, no, you look fine. You know, I can't tell the difference. But it was at the point where she was like, you know what? You're looking small right now. So if she said it, that man and I could see it too. I was like, oh, yeah, no, I know. She saw it. And that's when I a little bit after that, because I realized I'm not filling out. So I backed the dough, styron, figured out how to fill out. And I needed insulin with that too to make it work. But now we'll see. I'm going to try to push back up. See what I would. I mean, I don't know how you guys are hearing a little bit on prep. If I have guys running and I'm young, can it two weeks or two weeks out? That's what I'm saying. That makes sense for like filling out for now. Absolutely. You also got to tell the person, like, hey, be ready to hit with a wave of hunger. Like a lot of people, it hits them like a wave. And they're like, I want to cheat. I want to eat everything like I eat. Yeah, it's like this, the noise has been like, dold. And then all of a sudden you just put these like high quality speakers in their ear. And they're like, I want to eat everything man. Yeah, I put it back in on the pocho. Yeah. That's a great time to put it back in. Yeah. That's down. My doctor just, I was going to say my doctor just put me on the jar. I'll see how that goes. OK. Stefan had said, wasn't for me. He said, what did he say there? He said, he took 0.5 milligrams of bread and life was hell for a week. Hick up, spurps, nausea through up twice and diarrhea. Whew. I hadn't heard that literally from anybody at dosing like that. Have you guys? I mean, some people are just super sensitive. I had one client that got really sick. And if you look at the clinical, the face to clinical trials, there was a small percentage. I think it was five to 10 percent. I don't recall the exact number that got really massive gastric symptoms. Like throwing out diarrhea. Just there was some issues with skin sensitivity too. Like guys would report their skin burning. Yeah, there's some other other strange side effects. I didn't, honestly, other than the sulfur burps and sulfur farts when I first started it, not went away. A little bit of acid reflux and some, a little bit of pulse, but they went away after a couple weeks. Then it settled down. I didn't really have any problem with it. I did a lot of people reporting that it makes them. How should I say? Constipator? More solid. Not necessarily solid, but if you are loose, solid. Looking bad? No, you do do. You do. Yeah, that's what I've noticed. I've had a trend of staying away from that. I've had to up my protocol with magnesium and stuff to keep things regular. Well, I mean, it's going to slow gastric amptium so that would make sense. Yeah. You know, so that's that's potential. And I've noticed actually, as I have IBSD, the, uh, up-sit problem. You got all the stuff, man. Between them. Yeah, I'm all fucked up. I'm old and old and fucked up. It's amazing. I like I look back and like how the fuck did I get my pro card with all the shit that I have going on? I just ignore all the health problems and just push through everything like a true bro. But I've noticed like it, it actually helped my digest and digestive issues when I, when I got on it, because probably the slow gastric amptium helped me out. And then like I speculate, um, because my diabetes is pancreatic and the way I'm going to be, uh, the way I'm going to be. So I suspect that a lot of guys that are older body builders may be have pancreatic in some efficiency and a lot of the digestive issues that they have is from lack of pancreatic function and then you don't, you aren't making enough digestive enzymes. And possibly the effects of the retratutite on how it increases pancreatic function could potentially increase digestive enzymes production. I don't, just speculation. Listen, me. And I have better not brought a lot of it. We don't speculate like that. And then like five years later, there's going to come a research study that comes out that confirms it. How many times have you had ideas about a compound or a drug? And you're like, this is probably why this is doing this. And then someone did a research study and you're like confirmed. Yep. I mean, that's bodybuilding, right? Exactly. I think I always tell people like bodybuilders are like five to ten years ahead of, of like science, even if they're drugged at pharmaceutical companies have developed, they're true actions and side effects and all the different benefits. Like bodybuilders have experienced that a hundred times over and it's a known thing in our community. But if you tell somebody that outside of the community, they will laugh. I think you. But I think, I think they're like, because I'll talk to people, I'll talk to my parents about stuff. Like with all my dad has a lot of autoimmune issues. And I put him on a whole bunch of different things that have helped. And he was like, well, I ran these by my doctor and the doctor is like, you don't know what you're talking about. I'm like, well, they're supposed to say that because that's the track that they were taught. And it's saying, oh, yeah. They're not. Exactly. And I'm like, respectfully, I'm not saying they're stupid. I'm just saying that like, they don't look at things the same way bodybuilders and coaches do in general on different applications of things. And sure enough, now like the doctor's approved. So how about something that is simple as this? How many years, what, ten years ago, we all started using BPC-157, right? The medical community had no idea about it. And I remember when I partially tore my bicep and I'm going in and I'm telling the doctor what I'm doing with BPC, GH, and TB, and all the other stuff. And he was like, what are these things? And then I pulled up three or four research papers. And he's like, why don't I know about this? I'm a surgeon and I help people get better. Like why don't I know about this stuff? And I'm like bodybuildings like five, ten years ahead of everything dude. And so he had me keep on consulting with them and sending him stuff. And he's like, I'm bringing this to my practice. That's awesome. Yeah. And now I mean, every clinic in the world is talking about BPC-157. So, yeah. They're progressive and they're not 60 year old, white doctors. Why is it white? It's an old white guy thing. We get stuck in our ways. Hey, speaking to BPC, that's a great segue. Let's talk about your surgery recovery, Paul. Let's go and on with all that, man. Well, it's putting a pizza as I mentioned earlier. No. I taught, this was hilarious, man. When I went in to do my surgery, or when I went into do the console before the surgery, the doctor looked up, and he goes, I know you. He's like, I saw you on a podcast with Dr. Mike Isritael. And I'm like, yep, that was me. Yeah. So, I'm like, well, I know you're down with what we do. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's watching vigorous Steve and watching Dr. Mike. He knows stuff. Anyway, like his advice was, and I never really considered this. He told me to wait a couple weeks post surgery before I start through on the peptides in, because the accelerated scar tissue. Oh, yeah. A accumulation, because the peptides are going to increase collagen synthesis. So, I'm holding off until two weeks post surgery. And his suggestion was to wait until I get into refold, I did my first rehab session today, get into the rehab, and then I can start introducing that stuff in to make sure that there's no lip-little body do its initial healing process to heal up the wound site. So, I knew that. But I didn't ever hear it time frame on it. So, he's saying two weeks. That's interesting. He told me two weeks. He told me to wait two weeks. So, I'm going to do that. Yeah. I'm going to do the typical stuff. Some BPC, TB500. I'm going to TRT right now. I'm going to run GH, you know, 5, 6 units, nothing crazy. And then probably a little low-dose antivirus. Antivirus. Good for collagen synthesis and wound healing. It's originally what it was designed for. So that was what I used when I did my ACL Terran. I was able to get back in six months from the ACL Terran. They told me about five months recovery for this. So, if I cut it down like three or four, I'd be happy with that. Nice. Nice. And then it's back to training. And I would like to do a show next year. Possibly we'll see. But I'm the one who said there's a man in the latest. I'm sorry. I think there's a leg. But I was saying I'm the one who said that one time though right now, I'm really downcised. Yeah. To be expected though. Yeah. I was going to add the Dante told me to use collagen. That's when I first got hooked on it when I tore my super spinatus. And I was using growth. No, was I using growth? I can't even remember at the time. But I remember though that I got that. The one thing, yeah, wasn't using growth at that time yet. And I remembered that the one thing I noticed is with GH, I was notice my fingernails grow a lot faster. And I got the same effect from just taking collagen. I was like, there's something to this. So, you know, you can't really tell if it worked or not. But I'm a believer after seeing the side effects I got. Well, it's kind of like you got to think about it this way. The collagen is just proteins right there in amino acids. So your body is going to break those down and do with whatever they need to. But if you have the stimulus there to increase collagen synthesis, so the growth hormone, the BPC, the anover, taking some collagen peptides, to potentially help with the additional collagen synthesis. But if you're eating plenty of protein, there's probably enough amino acids present. Anyway, but it's just, they're just amino acids within the day. That feels the same. Yeah. That's why I always tell it's got to kind of, I don't know if it. I can't tell you a little talk to you about that. I'll tell you a little bit about that. Yeah, no, I'm not saying that. I mean, I always say, yeah, I always say, yeah, yeah. I don't think he works any more. He works any more. He works any more. That's cool. I just on paper, breaking them down. Maybe I didn't have a few guys that I went to school with were doctors. And I'm like, just sell me on this. And they're like, I can't. They're making the acids. Well, you don't skip. There were also a horse and carriage just before their cars. And those people are being like, well, play. Well, that's my favorite. I was waiting on that because I was like, he says, he's so against you guys weren't there with us. I'm kind of trying my notes on it. I did a video on this recently. But yeah, when I looked into it, it's the raw. There are certainly amino acids necessary to synthesize collagen. And that's what's in the collagen peptides. Now your body will do whatever with them. If you don't have the right tools in place to increase collagen synthesis, they're doing nothing at the end of the day. So think of it like delivering bricks to a construction site and there's no construction workers there. Yeah. The HGH, the, the, the, and a var, the BP, C's. I like their construction workers, the collagen's like the bricks to the construction site. Yeah, I mean, I think you have some of your knowledge. I would believe you have some of your own workers without it. But you have to do. Yeah, you do. But you know what I mean with them. When you are old like me, they might not be many workers with the job site. So what's the, what's the recovery on this? Like what are they, what are they say how long is this going to take? Um, tell me about five months, about five months and then I can start going back to full activity, uh, 46 weeks in the sling. Uh, the main thing is with the bicep tendon, the shoulder wasn't worried about the, but the bicep tendon because of the way they drill a hole through the bone and anchor it through. And he was worrying about because of the muscle mass that I have ripping that, that, uh, graft out of the, or ripping that, um, that where they, the anchors out of the bone where they anchor that thing in basically the screwed into the bone. Yeah. Who? So that was, that was the, that was the worry to not have to take my time. I had a, and how did this happen? Well, how did you get to this point? Just wear and tear. I don't think told me. Instead it was just years and years that bicep tendon gets loose and then it starts rubbing across the super spinatus, the labor and the bone up there and it just basically gets soft off over years and years and years and years and years of wear and tear. He told me specifically there's some exercises that are probably at long term calls. This type of stuff like he was telling me like if you, we're always talking about stretch mediated hypertrophy, but he was talking about like if you're getting like big stretches on things like dumbbell flies and, um, if you're doing wide grip bench presses with your arms out like this, it's not much of sweating. But those, those put a lot of pressure on that tendon and stretch that tendon out over time. Pull ups like if you're, or pull, pull down like if you're letting yourself stretch really far at the other end of it, he said it might be best not to, not to go for a full stretch on those things to save the bicep tendon long term. And he talked about like distal bicep tendon ruptures like at the bottom. Um, a lot of guys do that on preacher curls when they get they really long stretch it in the preacher curls they snap that distal tendon that happened to you, Andrew. I didn't snap the tendon, but I tore piece of muscle off the tendon and it, yeah, a day before show or two days before show. So yeah, that's like the worst time to get hurt too because you're so dried out from the drugs. Yeah. It was a 20 or 25 pound dumbbell, like last exercise of the prep literally last set of the probably shit. That's like, I'm like, oh fuck, so I'm just happened. And then yeah, I was supposed to go to Babs gym and pose for Steve and do a photo shoot that day, but I canceled that and I still did that. It was a Eastern USA's 2018. I still did it. And then when I was on stage flexing my bicep in the first front double because I didn't hit a pose because I was kind of scared. I'd done like the very light posing. And the first time I hit a pose, I heard another little poth. And I was like, my mother did I just, I look over. I'm like, did I just tear the whole thing? And luckily I did it. Remember Bumstead when he did, what was it? 22 Olympia where that bicep was like kind of cloudy. He heard that it was, yeah. That's how it looked on stage for me. Like it was the size was there. But it just, the information and all that. It just didn't have the same peak. And oddly though, like because of that little tear, it's kind of like the J. Colbert tear. It gave me a better peak on that side going forward. Once it healed back up. Yeah. It was a better, better look on my bicep overall. So I was like, can you try and tear the other one? Well, I was the doctor. I was like, hey, when he said it was nothing to fix on this one. He's like, it's nothing I can really do. You tore the muscle off the tendon, not the tendon off the, I was like, well, can you do it on this side for me? You looked at me like I was crazy. They did tell me that because they pulled the bicep tendon down lower and inserted it lower that I would have a higher peak. I have really flat bicep to be given with because I really long, long tendon see so that that should give me more of a peak. So I'll have to hide one arm. I don't know if it's for your out of the other side. I just have that side down here. Yeah. Do that. There we go. Well, listen, we appreciate everybody tuning in and Paul. We appreciate you taking the time to hang out with us, man. Yeah, man. How are you talking to us? How are things going over at anabolic bodybuilding? What are you got coming up? Oh, good. I'm just doing my thing, man. I got to the anabolic seed core suck. If you're anybody wants to go a deep dive into PEDs that's there's about 60 hours of content on there right now. 100 or so modules. I've worked on it with Kurt Hayden's. We've put a lot of work into it. I think it's a pretty, pretty solid course. Sorry, my dogs are growing off in the background. But other than that, just making content and coaching and helping people. Oh, yeah. That's cool. And you said you're going to be out at what was that? Masters. You're going to get a new one of Masters Nationals. I'll be there probably at USA's North Americans. I don't think I'm going to do the Olympic of the share. I get some shit going around the Olympia. So I don't think I'm going to make the Olympia. We'll see. Okay. How about New York? You going to New York at all? No. I'm not going up with that one. And then I know you wanted to do possibly Tampa this year before the engine happened. What are you looking at for possibly 2026 or is it not even on the menu yet? We'll see. I want to go through the rehab first. So that would put me back in the training again, full force, early fall September October. If I could get a short off season in and then do a prep for a summer show. So probably I was thinking of the Tampa or maybe Chicago pro. There's not many pro shows that have Masters divisions. So actually, I did look up the thing because I was oddly looking myself earlier today. The hurricane in the same peach show. Either one of them or both of them have the Masters 40, 45 and 50 clients. Yeah. I think there's Tampa. Tampa does too, yeah. But I'm saying like if you're looking for shows even later in the season, if you needed to push that time back a little bit, they're like September, October or maybe November. So you got a little bit more time if that recovery just wasn't happening and you wanted a longer off season before you started. Yeah. I'm down about 240 miles on stage at 250. So I need to put some science back on. But I just been cruising on TRT pretty much since my show. I just, I just, I think. With that break though, you may come back real fresh. That's what I'm thinking. Very well. And you might rebound really, really well. I've been like my diet. I had to just get tired of eating. And I've only been eating like three times a day. That's kind of what I've been doing the last three, maybe four. I don't think you're still bodybuilding food. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're going to break my two good. But I look forward to getting back to a structured diet though. Yeah. We appreciate you guys tuning in. And of course, we've got Paul's link in the description. Head over to see him and a bodybuilding. I'm sure you guys already are. We have a good crossover here, I think, because your channel is one of our more watched channels. So I think that everybody who watches us is also watching you too. So people always love your channels. My favorite. You're my favorite bodybuilding channel. We appreciate that. And we appreciate that. And of course, go to bodyvery.com, reach out to Andrew for coaching, go to teamskip.com to reach out to skip and hit me up, make naly diets at gmail.com. Thank you to truenutrition.com. Use our code, think, to get your hydrolyzed beef college into a high, to fix your bicep tendons across the country. And of course, supplement source.ca for Canadians and guys, if we have any Patreon questions, we'll be tackling them on the next show. In fact, Patreon people, you guys better step it up. Start leaving us some more questions for BSG. Thank you guys.