I don't think people realize that rapid strength gain can be as much as a curse as it can be a bonus. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNaley and all of our programming is brought to you by evalblotanalysis.com. If you're in the UK and you're on cycle, you're going to need some labs and you can get your labs done by Dave. Even if you're not on cycle, you should be checking your labs. Go to evalblotanalysis.com, get your labs done by Dave and the UK. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition for those of you in the UK and those of you in the US as well. I have links below to both of the sites. Definitely check out Strom for great health stacks, especially if you're on cycle. Trutrition.com, use our code thinkover there to get 10% off all your orders. I just got my order for creatin and we got a bunch of the P protein isolate for Victoria, my wife, and I already had a bunch of weight ISO on hand for myself. Less than at least supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. We are joining Dave on his vacation. Vacation with Dave. Yeah, so many fronds. You look more laid back. Dave's not like, all you know, like upset and like I gotta get all these things done. You look like you're having fun, man. I don't push it. I don't have that. I mean, working Mozart today, if I finished about 8.4 o'clock in now, I finished work probably about 1.4 o'clock. Okay, but just to be clear, are you grumpy on vacation? Are you that guy? I'm just grumpy. Yeah, but like you can't be grumpy on vacation in the South of France at your campground. We had a couple of basketball days have been a big push to get down to where we are. So yes, the reason I couldn't do the podcast is it was we ended up doing six hours of driving. Which I know is not the end of the world, but you know, in 13 years. Looking traffic and all that traffic. It, it, but time we got it was quite, it was a bit late. So yeah. But we got set up last night and settled in and so today's being a much more relaxed. Because I've got, we're not going anywhere to the 13th with part up there for a week. Nice. And it was chill a bit and sort some shit out. Well, we couldn't get the show out last week because Dave was literally trying to get everything together to go, but we are back today. We haven't done an anage raw profile in some time. So we're going to do that today. We've got all your listener questions from the previous episode. And if you guys want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment below. Plus all your comments like all that stuff. It helps to boost our programming and the algorithm. And if you're new here, let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell because we have a variety of different podcasts. We got me in Dave. We got other shows with the coaching Q&A. We've got Ron and Dusty. We've got science with Scott Stevenson. So we've got a bunch of different stuff for you guys. But to kick it off, Dave, let's do a little conversation. We've had it before. It's no longer on the channel though about a little compound called Green Giants. Oh, X's. Or draw. Hey, bombs. Hey, bombs. I like A-bombs. That's a good one. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I never took those. But that's reference to a brand, I think. Yeah. An applon. An applon was the brand name. And 50 was referring to the strength of the tablet. I E-50 million. I would love to do a poll and find out how popular is an adroll now today. I feel like it's a pretty popular compound overall. I would put it when next to D-ball as far as like gain a lot. But it's a very different compound too. You know what I mean? You're not getting all that crazy. Asteric drinking version though. You can't get a lot of water from it. Well, I think it went through a deep popularisation because there was a lot of fear around its toxicity and it gained a reputation for being the most toxic oral. It isn't actually true. It's medically prescribed. It's prescribed children. It's prescribed to women. It's surprisingly high doses for extra, quite extended periods of time. I mean, as I was saying off camera before we started, I know someone who's prescribed 100 milligrams of oxymethylona day for anemia. It's a genetic situation. And he's been on that eight emails. 100 a day for 18 months. How often does he get his labs done? Because I know that there are situations where people take medications that are going to be toxic. It's not quite regular, but everything is. They're happy with where it is. Obviously, there is some liver stress. It's processing the drug. But the stress isn't increasing. You know, there isn't a downward trend. It's just, look, it's working a bit harder than normal. And that's exactly where it's at. And I do think oxy's suffered with a little bit of a unnecessary bad reputation. But at the same time, that in a way, helps people be respectful of its use. So, yeah, a bit of a cash 20, too. And you know, you want to be honest about things, but at the same time, you don't want people to get too blasé and casual about using any oral, because they all have potential. But it's a solid compound that always has been an always will, but you know, and I don't think really there's anything in the oral market that matches it for strength. I just pulled up the Wikipedia, because I fear like deep dive research, Dave. I've got the deep dive research. I wanted to see when it was first invented, and I don't quite see that yet. I just see what it's been used for like wasting diseases, anemia, to promote weight gain, and muscle growth in certain situations. I mean, I like those situations. I think I need it medically for those purposes. Yeah, I mean, it's being used, like, say, for muscle waste, these disorders and things like that. Yeah. Half life, if I remember why these nine hours. I think okay. Yeah, check this out. Go on. Axi Muffelon was first prescribed in 1959, and was introduced for medical use. But was discontinued in 1961, so like a couple years later, due to high lipid toxicity. Mostly used in the United States. In addition to its medical use, it's used to improve physique and performance, which we knew. It's considered to be a obviously controlled substance in many countries. And so non-medical use is generally a listen. So 1959, and at least I'm guessing that's the US they're talking about, discontinued in 61. That doesn't make sense, because I remember the old school guys that used to get gear in the like 80s would be getting it from the pharmacy. I might be just stateside that you're reading because it's eight still prescribed in the UK today. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it medically usually does it somewhere around 1 to 2 milligrams per kilo. The strange thing now you mentioned water. And yeah, oxymeffelon is dihydrotestosterone based. So it's a DHT. So there's no estrogen. Yeah. But it's believed to engage with the ER directly. So it's believed to have an affinity to the estrogen receptor itself. We know it has binding with the PR, the pregesterone receptor, which is why it's class technically as a proglostin. It's not true, proglostin, but it acts like progesterone to some degree. However, it's engagement with the PR is less of that than progesterone. So whereas oxymeffelon gauge of the PR and give a single less of a gesterone, train will engage with the PR and give a single greater than acqueter of the gesterone. I think it turns about 1.2 whereas oxymeffelon is about 0.78. Okay. But yeah, there is some some for process around it being capable of binding with the estrogen receptor. And there's been a suggestion of running serms alongside as a woman. As a way of potentially combating that. Yeah. No, interestingly, I believe it was oxymeffelon that Scott Stevenson talked about. There were some some tests done where they would basically they would introduce it into the body with a die. And that die would then light up wherever it was active. And they did not find it to be traditionally attached to the estrogen receptor, the way that like most injectables would be. Is that what they call like the non genomic effect or whatever. Yeah. So that's from what he was saying, they're not quite sure then. If it's not attaching to the estrogen receptor, the way we would expect it to, you know, there's non genomic activity. We really don't have a solid understanding of that. It's like what it's really doing. Yeah, there's a lot of from what I've seen. There's a lot of we think it might do this. We think it might do that. But there's no actually a lot of concrete. This is its method of action. This is how it interacts. This is what he told. But there's no denying. I mean, we've got decades of unadult level of evidence of how effective it is at increasing stress. And fullness and pumps, you know, each use free stage of your lean enough to make you incredibly full. It's used as an aid in in strength sports because it is so effective at boost in strength. I love the stuff. I always have to and I've always thought it was a fantastic rock. But, yeah, you know, it's, but I do like oxies. It has its place. It's not an every cycle thing. But yeah, I found my number one side effect from it was that it destroyed my appetite. And I think it's real common for that. It is. I could only use it for short periods of time. I find it to be a really good compound to use intermittently. I know, you know, like talking real world experience, you know, I do use it in coaching. But when I do, it's generally going to be intermittent through the week. Maybe three times a week, taking pre workout on specific training days. It used to be, you know, when I first started cycling, it would be an option to do like a kickstart. So you're doing 10 weeks of test sip or whatever, test E. And the first four weeks or the first six weeks was anadroll. Now days, I, I don't do that. And I don't think, well, lot most people aren't doing kickstarts. But maybe the last four weeks, last six weeks. And even if you're doing it intermittently, like three times a week, I think you can even stretch it out a little bit longer than that, you know, because you're not using it every day. Water retention doesn't get as high in an off season where you're really pushing food. And you can get a nice little boost pre training. I'd say both in off season and in contest prep. I've been experimented with it one year, Dave, on leg day only through a contest prep. No, there is a, there is almost a pre workout, a fact with a lot of all roles and, and obviously, we're following to that very well. So, you know, taking it singularly for a performance boost more than a growth boost is, is definitely an option to help through sticking points. And particularly is your sensitive to the appetite. And the appetite of all the roles, I'd say, it's probably the most damaging to appetite. It will add to it. I mean, I can eat, or I used to build a week through anything. But even I felt the impact of oxies. You know, it was like food was very labored, but I mean, I spent years for it. It wasn't really an issue, but I could feel it. I could feel how much more labored my consumption had to be when I was running the oxies. What were you dosing it out? You to be honest, I generally stuck at 50. I had a couple of points. Oh, okay. Up to 100, just to play, but generally, I did a little period of time, and I mean, let it allows in a week or two max, where I did a 100, 100, 100 on a bar pretty workout. Yeah, I mean, it was, but I, I stopped because the pumps with the ridiculous, I couldn't move. I just fucking pray. I could imagine. I've had a client start quite funny we talk about this today, because this wasn't planned, like we ever planned anything. But I hit the client, started about six, seven days ago. And he, okay. He's first four, five days. He says, I didn't really think anything was happening. And all of a sudden, he's message me today, and he's like, Jesus Christ, my strength is through the roof. He's benching for plates aside. He's never even been near that before in his life. He says, really? Things feel over, but the reps keep coming. It's just, yeah. Yeah. Wait, so I was doing for six reps, I'm doing for ten. He just can't believe it, it's absolutely blown him away. Now, that's a very good response. It's not usually quite automatic, but it's a very effective drug and can be used in quite a lot of different scenarios, like you said, in the single application, just around a stumbling body part or something like that, just two, three days, pretty sure if you're leaning off stuff like that. So it's got more flexibility than I think people actually give it credit for. I think, yeah, if somebody wants to use it for a contest, because it can be situations. You know, here's my thought is that if you're really hard and nasty looking, you're ready for the show, you can only get so hard before like getting grainier isn't going to help your cause. And at that point, maybe a little bit more fullness might be, then like, what do we need to get better? You know, sometimes getting heart, your heart or an grainier isn't going to get you a better, like you're already going to be theliness guy there is and nasty as guy there is, but getting fuller could be to your benefit. That's where I'd consider it. I usually like to do an experiment where maybe a month out if we're already in good shape will add it in and we'll watch and we'll look at my, my guy every morning, and see, okay, how's he look the next day after two days after three days after four days and usually we'll find a point where it's like, yeah, after four or five days, maybe it's a little much. So let's pull it back out, maybe we'll try it again and just to test it out and then maybe we'll use it conservatively into a show that way. We know, you know, what's going to happen each day for the most part. Another side effect, because you mentioned the strength, I would say that a major side effect of Vanetrol is ripping your pack off the tendon because I've seen that happen to guys more than once man getting so strong with it. Yeah, you, you, it's, I don't think people realize that rapid strength gain can be as much as a curse as it can be a bonus because you really have to be conscious about the fact that your tendons aren't gaining strength at the same rate your muscles are. Yeah, and if you're going into ways that you've never been there before, you are going into risk territory. So you do need to push the reps rather than think right. Well, I mean, I've always been a fan of sets of six. I've always liked training on the heavier side, slightly less reps, but I've always done my reps very slow and controlled. So the actual time on the load is still quite high. Okay. But I mentally, I get bored. That's my problem. If I'm under a weight for too long, I get bored. So if I'm doing sets of 12 and 15 by the time I get and I like to think my reps are really like to mentally go through the motion with it. I at least sometimes a bit, if you find, I don't know, but it's like when I'm bench-fressing, I'm visualizing the peck and how it moves and how it contracts and where it's pulling and where it's connected and all that sort of crap. So my training has always been quite thoughtful. Some guys just like to go in there as much shit out of it. There's a very, very ranges in it and that they're twice words for you. Yeah, it's very easy when the strength's not coming to just go more and more. And you've just got to all back and go, no, let's stay at this weight but build the reps. Let's do a bit more volume just so I get the tendon. I get the tendon strength up at the same time. Yeah, but would be a good rule as far as what would you allow yourself how much could you go up, you know, per workout, weight wise? Well, I mean, I, the was a time when I only went up in tens or 20s. As you go older, you learn that that may not always be the best move. So I would say if you're putting five kilos on a workout, that's probably not too bad if it's full you might throughout the workout. But if you're jumping up, literally going, and I remember squatting the first time I used oxies and I was literally going up nearly a plate session. You know, yeah, I had a session. And I went from like three place squats to like four and a five place squats within a matter of a good. That was that was I was lucky I didn't come away with an injury off the back of that because that is rapid. So I think initially you're going to enjoy this strength gains. But if you find that those strength gains are continuing, then you're probably better going right. Okay, let's just pull back on the load in and start pushing the reps a bit more, but with the same weight. So you know, if I've gone off a plate as I don't have squat, that's a 40 kilo jump. That's significant. Let's now build the reps up so I'm doing this for 10 reps or 11 reps and then and then I might look at another weight increase rather than they just gives a body time to strengthen those 10s because the tendons. The standard integrity comes with. The other thing is how you train. For me, always been very controlled. So I've never got on with explosive reps. I've never been comfortable with them. I've never found them particularly enjoyable to do. Yeah, if you're an explosive trainer where you're exposing in the positive, then the risk for injury from the strength increase becomes much greater. And then this sudden power load in where if you're a plotter like me who slow and steady throughout the race, then the injury risk reduces somewhat because you're not having this massive power load into the joint. You know, into the answer. Yeah, I've heard it's two two weeks on average that our tendons strength is behind her muscle strength. So that muscle gets fast or strong real fast and you need a couple weeks to let those tendons catch up to it. So we've talked a little bit about it. Ossies in a little bit about it in a contest scenario. I mean, definitely a really good strength compound. Is there is there any other aspect? I mean, it's available as an oral injectable. We've seen that I've never personally used it. Was it had you used the oral injectable version? I think I have. I don't think I know it's any particularly different from it. Yeah, but I think I have. I've got this vague recollection of there was a time when injectable or rules were quite popular and there were a few flowing around and I'm sure I tried injectable orcs. Yeah, all right. Generally speaking with the injectable versions, you find that they're actually that a little bit more effective. Generally. Yeah. And most of that's down to the root of the administration. Orals and oxies, no exception to this are facts all you've all. There is the potential for some of the compound to bind with non dietary fat, pass through the system when you ingest them. Well, obviously if you inject them, you bypass all that. So you're going straight. That's all of the internal bloodstream straight away you want it. You don't have to go through the stomach and digestion and absorb them in that way. So that's the result you've got to get a bigger hit. I can't say I really know it's the big significant difference at the time. But, I mean, it's probably one of those times when I was throwing everything but the fucking kitchen sink in there and wouldn't know. And anyway, if I had it, you know, so. Yeah. It's hard to say. I don't for anybody who's newer. I guess that's thinking like, hey, I'm putting my first cycle together or first cycles. It's not the first thing that I would jump to. But if you were to respect it, I mean, gosh, even though it comes in 50s generally, I mean, I wouldn't be opposed to even running it at 25. If you were going to run it, you know, for like a month straight or something. I've seen five and 20s as well. Have you, okay. It's one of those oldels is actually very well tolerated by females. Yeah, I think it can be, you know, depends on the individual, right? It's always a individual tolerances, yeah, but the general because he's got that projection action in the background. Yeah. That is what normally creates some of the problems within a male, which in a female is really well tolerated. Like, decades and other compounds that's actually quite female, friendly in that sense. And yeah, I've seen some quite impressive stuff with females and in doses as well as five milligrams. Oh, yeah, yeah, super low for for females. I think five is absolutely plenty. All right, listen, I think we have a bunch of listener questions lined up here. If we didn't cover anything about anadroll, then and you guys wanted to know, then definitely just comment. We'd be happy to talk more about it. If you're in the market for protein powder, check out truenutrition.com. They literally have like every protein powder under the sun. I go with their cold filtered weight isolate or their team skip blend. I go for the chocolate peanut butter cup, but there's a few flavors that I like. Let me know if you have any questions about that. Victoria, my wife, she gets the P protein isolate. It's rare to find a P isolate. Most of them are concentrated. So the isolate is super low in carbs regardless of your diet that they will have a protein powder for you and you get to flavor how you want and buy it by how many of your pounds you want. So check them out. Trinutrition.com. They're the first company that ever supported our podcasting. So we support them. You can support us by shopping, literature, and using our code think. I feel like we are forgetting a couple little odds at ends, but we did cover mostly everything. So let me just jump straight into this stuff. If you guys have any other questions feel free to comment with them as well. That's kind of what keeps the show running. You guys ask questions. We give you guys answers. So a guy who listened to the last episode, Scott is his name. Nice name. He says viewer question. Do you guys think that a taller guy needs a higher gear dose? I'm six foot two, 270 pounds, but I've always wondered if due to me being over six feet. Do I need to account for that fact with higher doses? Highest I've ever gone is one gram of test. But I like to run 800 milligrams of Deca and anadrawal topic of the day compound at 100 milligrams, etc. considering the vast majority of bodybuilders are shorter, is there any truth to needing higher doses to fill out? This is an interesting question actually. And it's something I've pondered most medicines are body mass, linked. So when we discuss stocks, he just now, the medical prescription rate is based around milligram per kilo. But TIT isn't. We don't change TIT dos in because someone has a greater body mass. Yeah. And I know there's a few people within the industry that work on a milligram per kilo pro, a co-one it comes to dosing. I know something broad rig does. And I'm not convinced it's necessary. I think there's so many different variables from a bite of you of genetic sensitivity to the compounds, to your own baseline genetics on protein absorption and you know, you can use and all this sort of stuff in any sense, sensitivity. And all the other factors that fall into driving must get a growth. And then on top of that training efficiency and everything else from a stimulus point of view. I'm not so sure the way to dosing is that direct. I think there is a general that the more muscle mass you carry to an extent. And I think there's a limit to this. I think there's a cap point where beyond it just doesn't any more effective, particularly. But I think there is definitely a link of the more muscle muscle carry. You are going to need more drugs to a point. But I think there's also a point where the stress side of things and the toxicity elements within, of all within usage become counterproductive. Yeah. So I don't think it's as simple as more, more and more. I do think there is an element of muscular mass to dosing requirement, but I don't think there's an element of body mass to muscular requirement. Yeah, because if you think about it, I've seen plenty of people of all heights and sizes and T or T that it doesn't seem like, oh, he's a taller guy. He's going to need an extra half CC to get in range. Yeah. You know what I mean? He does this work. You're going to skin a little guy that weighs a book 20 that needs more tests than the guy that's too eight. Yeah. So I think probably one of the deciding factors is not body mass, but muscle mass. Yeah. So you could have a guy at six foot three, weigh 130 kilograms or whatever that is. What's that? Two, three, three hundred poundish. But actually a guy at five foot six at a hundred kilograms carries more muscle per inch than the taller guy. And the taller guy is way is more skilly or way and connective tissue and you know organs and the rest of it. And the actual muscle mass in the taller guy is less. So in those scenarios, I could see the smaller guy and the lighter guy actually requiring more antibiotics than the taller heavier guy because of where the weight he's coming from from a point of view of how much muscle mass of emotional to how much skilly or frame and everything else. Yeah. I would just say this that, you know, it sounds like he knows the dosing that's worked well for him. But hey, I like using a gram of task, 800, DACA or whatever. And if that's what we're like use the least you can to get the results that you need and just continue doing that. And if you get down the road and it's like, hey, I need more. You know, I'll tell you this day, there is one thing that a bigger guy will need and that's going to be more food without that. Yeah. Bigger guy is going to need more protein than a smaller guy is bigger guy is going to probably need more carbs and not across the board, but overall. More mass need more food. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's your basic running engine power requires more calories to to maintain. You've got more structure. You've effectively got a bigger engine. Yeah. Now, it doesn't necessarily mean that engine stronger. And if you're into cars, which some people have to watch is there. You know, they're the two Lee, um, Japanese engines producing a thousand horsepower and fucking six lead of the eights only producing 300 and 50. So, but the eights going to be less fuel efficient because of the size of the capacity of the cylinders. So, that's very similar to people. You know, a big guy is going to require more calories in respect to it. But yeah, it's one I've never quite signed up to the milligrams per kilo approach. I don't think he's accurate to be broad spectrum of that. Going back to this individual, 1.8 of injectables and 100 grams of oils at 100 milligrams of oils a day. There's no light, gold, good doves. Yeah, no. You know, it says that's a decent lack. And I'd argue that pretty much anyone on the planet is going to grow off that. Yeah, I would hope so, at least, you know. All right. Let's see. I heard that there are hard to get products. Master on it is a big one. And a trend hacks is if he as well. But Primo is still good from what all my sources tell me. But my source also said that India is picking up the slack and that the cost has gone up some, but the quality is good. Have you guys heard the same? I know, indeed, it has the capacity. Now, previously, the quality has been the issue coming out of India. He's been the father of the quality he's never quite being there or never been consistent. Okay. That may be because India couldn't compete with China on price. So in order to compete on price, they lowered the quality. If they've now got an open market, I price isn't an issue because there is no competition because China's not producing. Then I could be, yeah, see if it's costing a little bit more, I could see the Indian quality improving. I think previously, they've been priced out. So they had two choices of crack quality or not finatore. Where I think now they've got an opportunity to produce quality. He's costing more. But people are paying that because they have no alternative. And it could establish India as a supplier gun. India is big in the medicinal trade side of things. A lot of right. So in the UK, the Stores supply chain is brought from China for injectables. But most support drugs are remodaxed around the scene, letters are all cave, that's all India. So all that sort of stuff is coming from India. Yeah. H-C-G, Indian generally speaking. You know, so there's, there is India has the ability to step in here. And as long as they produce the quality, they could very much change the market actually. Yeah, I could see that. Alright, Billy says, question for you guys. Scott always talks about how much he loves wind stroke. I don't know if I have. I mean, I guess I've talked positively of it. I guess he's referring to the oral version. What do you guys both think of the injectable version? Wind stroke suspension. So he's talking about the water based. Is it worth it or not? If so, would it be good to go pre-contest similar to some of the other orals that are made into injectables like injectable deboling injectable Andidral, etc. Thanks in advance. Dave, I just had a client lay out his list of everything he had setting up his cycle. And he's like, I really want to try wind stroke. And he has two 10 milliliter vials of wind stroke suspension. I said no. Let's not use that. The issue with wind stroke suspension is water. Yeah, it's the sterility of the water. If you're getting and getting an abscess from an injectable, he's usually water based that will cause it. If you can get the effectively non-estid version in an oil, then I'd be much more comfortable about using that. I would be very cautious about the water based injectables. The nice thing about the water based injectables is, did I have to be wasted because you can drink them? Now I should be. Yeah. Can an oil, but at least you can use it. But I would just, it's just that medium for carrying the drug in the soft pottings of milk. I've never liked water based. The vast majority. You don't see a lot of water based now. We haven't done for a long time. But there was a time when there was quite a lot of white milky injectable liquids floating around in the world. Yeah. It's also quite a lot of people have in problems, posting injections. So there's a link there for a reason. Yeah. I mean, in principle, I've got no issue with the injectable version being used. Just don't mind that medium as a suspension now, so for me. Yeah. I've mentioned this on other shows. And I guess I have talked positively about windstroll lately because I do feel like it's been an underrated compound. Yeah. You know, you're obsessed with windstroll. I'm obsessed with obviously. That way you're talking about. I'll tell you what, man. You get a nice, like, really grainy dry look with windstroll going into a contest. I would say that there is nothing quite like that before trend became popular. It was like the go to contest compound for hardening up. I think you don't have to know a lot though. We've, with that changes in drug trends. Yeah. Old drugs that actually did a really good job. But if almost just being neglected because, yeah, that's what we used to do. Yeah, but they used to do it. Yeah. Fucking reason. Because it works. Yeah. But then compared to trend. And there's, I think, a reason why it may be got, you know, because it cast a shadow on it, you know. You don't get devolstuff windstroll either. Yeah. Yeah. You might not. So here's a thought. Other issues with the injectable suspension version is if you do get, and you were going to use this stuff, you want to use some type of a micronized product. Otherwise, it's known these, these injectables like that or suspension. They can clog a larger gauge, even like the larger gauge needles. So sometimes you have to jam that in with a really, you know, large gauge in. If I'm already helping somebody doing a contest prep, there's a real good chance that, especially if they're an advanced guy, you know, the standard, like, go to bread and butter of a contest prep is going to be test trend mass, or test trend pre-mo. Generally for me, it would be test trend mass. And then if we wanted to add something as we closed in, and then, and then, though for me, those are staggered in as we get closer, if we wanted to use one stroke, it would be in that last four weeks or under, but we're already doing three regularly administering injectables. I don't want to add another injection on top of that. The logistics of that as you're getting close to a show, you've been taking shots for the last 16 weeks, you know, by the time you get to the show, that's, you're going to be a pin cushion, and that and itself, I feel like, yeah, you're going to increase your risk of infections, regardless of it being, you know, more likely to carry bacteria since water is a great medium for growing bacteria compared to its oil-based counterparts, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Oh, 13 weeks in to my first cycle. Let's see what it is running here. Again, or is running, test it 450 plus primo recently lowered from 400 to 200 due to low estrogen at 18 PG per ML. Mid cycle labs are solid, and all markers are in range. I originally planned to run this for 16 weeks, but I'm considering extending it to 20, because everything looks good. I was 320 pounds last year, and as of this morning, I am 199. I'm pushing it to, is pushing it to 20 weeks reasonable for the safety and results standpoint, or does the risk to return at 42 years old shift with bloods, even with bloods looking good? It was on the whole answer, but they do help obviously. Yeah. I'm uncomfortable with the doses in the first instance. 450 test plus 200 primo. Yeah, but it was 400. I mean, so it was on 85th. Yeah. So I'm uncomfortable. For a first cycle. Yeah, I'm uncomfortable with the dose for a first cycle, and I'm uncomfortable with the duration for a first cycle. That's me personally. That doesn't mean it's wrong, just for me. It's like, where'd you go from here? Yeah. So personally, I would have run a short cycle with a much lower dose in, but you know, it's don't what it's done. Without knowing when it's test levels are based on what it's dosing it hard to have any estimation of how good quality the drugs are. And is he getting what he's actually taken? Obviously the primo. Yeah, there's that. If he's got low yeast, and so what would suggest that the primo was genuine at least? But there's no reason for me to say, no, I think you should come off apart from just, I feel for the first cycle, a 20 weeks cycle. With at least half of that being at 800 plus meg, and then the other half being at 600 plus meg, he's excessive. But that's the only reason. These are not showing is anything where I'm thinking all you need to come off because of X, Y, it's ed because it's not there. However, that's his interpretation of blood's being okay. Yeah, that's true. I don't mean any disrespect to the gentleman, but does he know what he's actually looking for? Does he know what things he needs to be looking at to see if there's problems developing? The blood's who I'm sure the drug stress, but as long as that can be factored in by how he feels, he says he feels really good, he says he feels really un-point. So, you know, there's a lot of positives in the sense that he doesn't seem to be having any adverse effects. And then, am I just being boring and sort of know this is what you do? And I wouldn't deviate that one to any certain sense of sort of thing because of, I said so, which is a bit shit. Isn't it? I mean, it's like I've always stuck very well. For me, a long cycle, 16, I know you tend to run a little bit longer with some people. If everything is right, I've never liked them being much longer than that. I do tend to stick around the 10 to 14 mark with a lot being around 12. And I don't like big first cycles because I just feel that if you've done 800 in your first cycle, then what's your second one going to be? And if you've learned what's your third one going to be, and where are you going with this? Yeah, because you're generally going to want to go up next time. On another compound, you know, or whatever. You're going to want to replicate or improve on the previous results. Yeah. And as we know, dosing increases in relation to results increases are not parallel. And if you want to results increase, the dosing increase is going to be significantly more than you expect. So there's loads of factors as to why I'd be wary about that, but on the surface of it, there doesn't seem to be any issues. So he's really down to him. Yeah. Another consideration all throughout there to him is that he was 300 pounds and now he's 199, you know, congratulations first of all. Yeah. And he keeps trends in, you know, that's major, you know what I mean? That said, how long were you 300 pounds for? I've seen it happen a number of times through bodybuilding where there was a guy that maybe spent a good chunk of his life very heavy. And he got into shape and he sees himself now as his healthy fit, you know, 200 pound guy. But that being heavy like that, put stress on your body. And that stress doesn't just go away. Like kind of look at it that, you know, you're already potentially somewhat compromised health wise. And just consider that, you know, moving forward. It would be a shame, I guess. And I had to tell a guy that I work with recently because he's done just that. He was like 300 and I think 318 pounds. And now he's like 186, like, and in great getting into great, great shape. But, you know, now he's also into gear. And now he wants to grow as much muscle as possible. It would be a shame to have gotten into such great shape only to now compromise your health with gear by going too far into it. So they just be as conservative as possible, you know. Yeah, there is an aspect of you're not coming from your potentially not coming from a very healthy position. Yeah, yeah, I guess that's what I'm saying. Not probably going to have fully resolved itself just by the weight loss. I either is an element of time required as well. And you're not giving it that opportunity because what you've replaced from weight, you've got toxicity and stress was of course from weight. It's not going to go as far as my drugs. Rascal comments on the last one he says, so with the shortages would test in an AI be just as good as test in pre-mo. Yes. Ding ding ding ding ding ding. I mean, it's funny because we're coming back to circle to maybe something we've been saying for a long time. Yeah, you're getting I mean, isn't AI going to be great for your health is it great to add any in-sillary listen the fewer in-sillaries you can take in your cycles I think the better. Yeah, I'm going to question you know. Yeah. Well, I feel scenario so I don't know we can't say that these doses are accurate. Okay. 500 megatest. Yep. 300 megapreema. Mm-hmm. Oh, 500 megatest. 25 megat rooms in twice a week, which is the healthiest. So 500 plus 300, 800 total milligrams versus 500 plus a Romus in at 25 twice a week. I would honestly say that it assuming that your lab work was this like your estrogen was the same. Yeah, I'm going to do that. See, I'm saying it in the same result for each of you. Yeah, because then I would say what's health the years the 500 test with the aromasin, you know. That's my argument. Yeah, yeah. And it's probably going to be less detrimental on your cholesterol too. Well, aromasin is very cholesterol friendly. That's why I like it so much. I'm like a Rimeidx which is not. Yeah, somebody had a question related to that actually. Where was this one? I see something but find that. What's that? Somebody. Oh, you sure did. I thought it might have been like your arm out the window or something. Uh, or what's that one? Oh, I don't know. You would have pissed yourself. So my campus left Android. Which works really well. Yeah, right. Because it's left Android vehicles. Oh, wait, left Android like in the US. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I pulled up her now they have told a lot of toll roads in France on the mountainways. And when you get to toll roads, there's tickets at Carl level and there's tickets at Truck level. Okay. And with the camper, I'm a truck level. Yeah. So I turned up for this toll and the truck level ticket dispenser wasn't working. It was only the car one. The night hang out. The window. Let's go. They might feel fit in there. Try to raise the. Okay. Take care. I didn't fall out. Shoshan is holding onto your feet. No, I'm holding on to you. Yeah. Yeah. It was a bit of a ride side. That's funny. Dave, have you had any experience or knowing guys who have used two week cycles? I've used these for a good part of a decade and I've always gained very well off of these. I think it was originally Bill Roberts who came up with it. Short acting cycles two weeks on and I practiced at least three to four months off fully. At five nine hundred kilograms with low body fat recovered from these very quickly. The idea was to be safe in although gains weren't as much as big cycles. There was decent gains. I'm 41 years old now and I've been off fully for eight years. No issues and have a family. Two weeks. Three months off. Yeah. I don't see it, Dave. I'm sorry. And I'm all for like being conservative. Yeah. I think without risk of possibly being slightly insulting. You may find that actually you'd probably made similar or not far or similar progress. I'm not sure. I wonder. I do know someone. I want to say his name. Pro very good pro. Very short career pro. Not for any reason as a part for his own personal choices. Okay. Who used to do four weeks on four weeks off? But was fast asters? No. And that was the thing he wasn't ever really technically off because for the time he's sick. He may have a week or a few days and he was going back on again. Yeah. So that was quite deceptive. But he did stop for very extended periods of time. Yeah. Never hide those. And he's one of the few. To be honest, I think in this situation, he's an absolute genetic freak because he's been out of bodybuilding for quite a number of years. Still goes a huge amount of muscle mass. Yeah. And he's very active in other things. But I'm just wondering for this situation that you know, there would have been very similar progress without the two weeks. Because if he was going to say two weeks on four weeks off or two weeks on three weeks off, for that sort of repackage. Okay. I can see where because you're getting a post injection innovation for a couple of weeks, you might have one week where you're a bit low and then you're back on. So it's a bit of a weird approach. Reconceived progress be made. But two weeks on an extended periods of time off. I mean, you may not have even fully shut yourself down in that period. That's a kind of what I'm thinking too, especially with like fast acting compound. You're potentially not being fully suppressed. So I mean, good that you've, you know, continued on in the sense of that you've got natural production and you've got to finally everything else. Yeah. But I'm wondering. Minus, like, you know, three months off. What do you think about this? Two weeks of anadroll on. And then let's say four weeks off. I think if somebody is disciplined in the training development and they've got that nail, that could actually be productive. Because you could quite come from a career and nice little strength increase. Yeah, you wouldn't keep it all. But you'd probably keep a reasonable present is that we'd carry over to some muscular gain over the following four weeks. And a strength boost again, and then some muscular gain over the next four weeks. There's going to be a come a point where you're going to start tapping out on your genetic potential. Yeah. Do you remember back in the day? And I've heard the gorilla chemist Brian Moscow talk about this lately more like more modern days of him liking these cycles. But do you remember back in the day people talking about the programs where you did like 21 sustenance in 21 days? And then you stopped. Shicks. Was that what it was? Super high intensity cycles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And a few people that like chicks. That's what prompted that 100 hundred out of our oxy play. Oh. Yeah. There was a theory that obviously you've got a massive response because it's got child dosis. Yeah. The theory that and the idea behind it all was that you couldn't sustain high level continued growth. Because it was too fatigued on the body and too demanding on every other surface like, you know, the amount of food you could get in everything else. So yeah. That are doing was doing like a four to six week super high intensity dosing. My highs in your gains. And then coming off. And the and I don't let it in. That people quote around this world that most people found that around week six seven or eight. Their progress did slow. Yeah. I think the progress slowing was actually overfactors and it wasn't particularly drug related. And things like just complacency coming into training and diet and everything else and a lack of linear progression within training and diet that calls this day or may it happen. Well, I think too man, you could only handle like you're going to like super saturate the muscle and just your body with glycogen and fluid. And that's really happening for that first four six possibly seven eight weeks. And then slow down. But then from there, you're going to see if you see one pound per week. I guarantee it's one clean pound. You know what I mean? If you're in right. See, I. When I was doing the big cycles and they were quite long cycles as well. Yeah. One of them was quite linear. And I was seeing just as good progression towards the back end as I was towards the front end. But there were periods within that where things seemed to slow. Yeah. Well, that did for me was like, okay, let's let's reinvigorate the training. Let's re-adress the diet and it just made me step up in those areas and then I started going in again. Okay. So I never bought into the shic. I think it works, but I don't think it works for the reasons that were sort of behind it if you know what I mean. I think he's worked just because you've got an exposure to massive levels of drugs. But I think. Yeah. And that 21 sucks. Like you have long, long acting under cano aster in there. So you're supposed to then continue to build, you know what I'm saying? Like your levels should be good for like what? How many weeks? Yeah. Well, the other thing is which we're talking about. 21 soost. I mean, you're taking, you know, you're almost too grand. Yeah. A week. I'm supposed to be a cumulative effect of that. Yeah. You know, it's, you're in big doses. Yeah. Yeah. You've probably got four, five, six weeks post that where you're still working with other beta testosterone levels. And that was the point was that you because it was sourced and it's got the super long acting. And you get an instant effect from the probe, right? And then you get the long acting effect. I don't know, man. I don't feel like it's a smart idea. I mean, a lot of the idea was that you, you push the drugs as high as you can. Yeah. For it's only as you can. Knowing that around anywhere between 36 weeks, you're going to get the point where the stress element from those drugs is going to peak. So you pop sort of just at that point. So the stress element then drops away as the dosing starts to drop away. And therefore you never get that toxic city. Both of the kicks back against progress when you push the high level of the drugs. And yeah, I think I think there's something in that. But I don't think shaky's necessarily the way to go. So I guess it's not, I mean, it is crazy. But we've heard of people doing a lot of really crazy stuff. That's in 21 days. You're getting 5,250 milligrams of gear. So it's a little bit more than 5 grams spread over 3 weeks. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy, man. So here was that comment that guy made. Yeah. What's up? I think it's about 1650. Or what you can film on that. All right. So it's at the one hour mark. You, the guy said about TRT and joint pain. If you are reading this, you are a, a Romason. Okay. So if you're in a Romason, if so, stop that. I had an issue in even a tiny dose of Romason. Blue might join out every single time I had it. I'm now on an astrosol and feeling much better. Yeah. I've had people sensitive to particular AI. So we've had X order rooms in either way. Yeah. And one has been much more palatable than the other one. So yeah. And joint pain is one of the things that will come. It's not super common. And probably, you know, maybe one person in a couple of hundred. If that. So, but yeah, I've seen it before. Okay. Yeah. I guess it wasn't a question. Okay. A couple more here might be a stupid question, but oh well. For context, 45 years old, I have run a few test only cycles in the past. Hated the side effects. Probably cause of my, probably cause of my diet. Or something, but I had horrible acne major bloating. I cleaned up the diet ran 500 tests and 300 EQ for 12 weeks. Absolutely loved it. I gained size and lost fat. Felt amazing with no real size. Blood work was good. I'm thinking of running a 16 week cycle of the same thing. But adding 300 milligrams of NPP for the first eight weeks. Good idea or no. Also, I like daily injections. So would it be an issue with the NPP? Or does it need to be a bigger dose at? Three times per week, like you've said in the past. Love the show and thanks in advance. NPP can be daily, that's not a problem. Sure. With the whole thing, I'd be tempted to just repeat the cycle. If it's done before, you may go to progress. You had no problems with it. Why fix what isn't broken? If he's done well on that cycle, there's room to repeat. It doesn't necessarily have to add the NPP. On the surface of it, it would sound like the test only cycle. It was having problems with each region and was struggling to manage that correctly. And the EQs provide the issue of management in the second cycle. I'm assuming that's because he's not said anything about any IA manager as a real. NPP does other different level here. Obviously there's going to be a little bit more issue. But there's also going to be the proactive issue. So it is going to make management a little bit more complex. If he's not very a fail with outside of things, would he sound like he's no. I'd be tempted to just stick with the test and EQ and run the same again. But for the extended favorite this time. Yeah, I like the sound of that too, man. If he had a great cycle last time, and I would love to replicate a great cycle every time we go on. You know what I mean? Like if you can get away with not taking new risks, I mean, Dave here's an example. I'm working with a guy who had literally started with me taking nothing. We started out with an an of our only cycle for like six weeks just to see how he did with it. 25 milligrams made great progress. Started to feel as libido shutting down toward the end. So we did that one or two times went to a test cycle. Let's give me test in mass. We did a low dose of both and is like man, I really want to try EQ now. And he did really good on the test in mass. What he's like, I really want to try EQ. So I was like, listen, we're already doing so good. You made incredible progress. Let's just do what we did last time, right? He still wants to do the EQ. So we do the EQ and low and behold. I don't know what it is about him. He cannot tolerate the EQ. It just, some people, man, certain compounds just don't work for them. And when you at least from this brand, we've found that the EQ and I know other people using this brand of EQ, they have no issues whatsoever. Overall, it's a very well tolerated brand considered to be real clean. Guys been around who makes it. His company's been around for like 20 years. So I trust that that's good product, but he takes a shot at EQ and his entire arm swells up. Takes a shot at EQ and entire glute swells up. So now we're back peddling. It takes four weeks to figure all this out. And now we end up on test only, which is a good cycle. But if we just did what worked to begin with, we would have already been six weeks in to a great cycle, not having to focus on the gear. Let that gear run in the background. Do the things that have worked well and continue to make the bus progress. You can't focus on the training focus on the diet. And eventually you get to a point where yes, you have to try some of it, but I would wait to find where you need to. You know, I mean, where it's somebody isn't responding and you're forced into that rather than jump the gun all the time, but at the same time, I understand the excitement of wanting to try new compound. Yeah, compound as a reputation for building muscle and everything else. So I get the drive as I get the interest. But yeah, it all sounds as if it ain't bro, don't fix it. Yeah. So Dave, we appreciate you taking the time. Man to hang out with us on your vacation and bring us into your relaxed, chilled RV life, Dave time. That's okay. It take you to your wife for letting you take the time to hang out with us. She's looking at me from behind the, I'm not sure if it's a grumpy look or cross look or I'm too often melted look. I'm too hot and melted look. This is a summer worship for this diet, eh? Why don't you turn that AC on for the poor lady, Dave? We're going to do it when I finish with you. That's the way the British people are. You guys, they don't run AC in their house. They don't have central air conditioning units. I went over there in the summer and I thought I was back in the dark ages. The thing is, there's been a few Americans online that have said more recently that even though the temperatures in the UK aren't high income Brassens of the States, that heat just hits differently. It's the humidity and there's, what's his name? E. Darker. You should be a ghost. Oh, darker. Long dark. You should be a ghost hunter? Yeah, it comes over and does a lot of food stuff. So if I remember his name, I don't know. Now somebody will know him, but he is like, it's only like 25 degrees. He says, but I'm absolutely fucking melting and I'm used to holding this free heat back home, but there's just something about the UK humidity that destroys him. Yeah, we have AC cranking all summer long in the house in the car. If I was in RV, I would have to have like an extra generator just to keep that running. We did get somebody saying, I hope that Dave continues doing Uncle Dave's wisdom. And I said, guys, you got to leave us questions and he said, I just like hear it in free ball it and share us a little bit of Uncle Dave's advice. I haven't really gotten the advice. I will, I will, this holiday is the culmination of two months of extreme stress. Probably the most stressed I've been in a very long time. That's not good. Is it good stress though? Like you have good things going on I know. Yeah, I just too much too many projects, too many things to manage. Project creating problems, the problems becoming or feeling like to become an unsurmountable. Yeah, and there's been a lot of problems, but with kept his head down. And even though there's been times when I felt like trying to write a lot of the plan and you know just screaming to the world. We've kept his head down, we've kept pushing hard and we've got to seek you see through. We've got the camera ready for the holiday, the trucks back on the road. And as obviously my wife got awarded her football main diploma which is something she's been working on for 18 months. Good for her. So everything has basically come right, but it's come right because despite every inch of me wanting to go no fuck off and run away. Yeah. Kept my head down and just kept stepping forward. You know, just deal with the problem, deal with the next one. And it's actually like you fix one thing and before you've even turned around there's another one. And then there was another one and it just felt insurmountable for weeks and weeks on end. It wasn't because of there. And then you get to the point where you're that paranoid that you're going to have another problem before it's even fucking happened because you've got so used to everything being a problem. So it's great. It's sitting here now in this big, in sunshine. And in what is actually a really beautiful spot and just be able to go fuck me. We actually made it because I think we were a vine. I really did think we were. We thought all of it was going to have to be canceled and also. So you're just hanging out in the RV for now. What else are you doing this week? That's really it. And we're going to hire a car tomorrow. What a day after and do some exploring locally to where we are. Okay. We're looking at a couple of properties. We'll see. And then we look like properties like you're going to buy a house and move to France. You're just looking. I don't know. Yeah. We'll see. With the French let you live there. Um, eventually. I feel like the French wouldn't take kindly to you Dave. Like they might not. You're more your more American than you are French. You know what I'm saying? You would fit in better over here. My command of language is very poor. Yeah, but you don't want me over that. You won't let me in. All right. Yeah. That's true. And then we're going to take a slow sort of me. I'm going to back up to the train and shuttle it back up. Okay. And then we into what? Shuttle it. Yeah. It's a channel tunnel. Oh, you go under the ocean to get home. You load up on the train and go under the ocean. That is incredible, man. How long does that train ride take under the ocean? Thirty-five minutes. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. You want to see how tight it is to get this thing on there. I think you've sent some video of a similar situation that getting out of Ferry before with it. That's. That's got to take some patience. Especially if you're used to driving on the with your with your car with your wheel on the Right side. It's literally that that it's the an inch either side of the wing. There's whole. Oh, no. It's slow going. I could only imagine like driving in construction or on those tight roads. I imagine France does not have the widest roads in general. It's your own for generally you know, but until you get into the villages. And then when you go into the villages, there's a lot of traffic coming in and it can be incredibly tight. But on the country roads, there actually not to bad. In fact, the UK is probably worse because a lot of the country is in UK of Supernaro. Yeah. But I mean, we were we were stuck going to try to the other day. And then what to mean, there was nothing legal about what he was getting. He was just everywhere. You can pay all's everywhere and still cut it from the tracks from on the roof and on the track. Oh, God. To put in perspective, what I learned about the country roads, Dave lived his old house was in a like a little cute village. It was absolutely adorable. You think you were in a movie and Dave drives or drove a sedan. And in order to leave his house, he literally when he pulled out of his yard, there's walls either side on the road. He literally could only turn left, which would take you out of town up through the hills and everything else. And he had to go all the way down there and come back around because he couldn't turn right out of his driveway because it was too tight. That's how small the roads are. Yeah. And a lot of the country roads in the UK are narrow where it's a bit fair. I think I prefer the French road system. I think okay. I do think he's better. That's all. How's the food? Yeah. Do you guys like get to go out to eat anywhere there? Get anything good? We've not. What do we do? What? Fransic sells in his fresh bread. Oh yeah. I like bread. But it doesn't blow you. It doesn't, you know, there's enough of that. It just eats really, really nice and my most comes high. You'll get a fresh bread delivery every day or every other day. Why? We don't get that. We don't have a fresh bread delivery at our campsites in the US. You're lucky to get a connection to hook up for your water to get water. So what we have electric water on waste hook-talk. There's a woman over the road that you can go buy fresh eggs off. So it's a euro which is a little bit more than a dollar for six eggs. I'll take all cheese. They're like a dollar in egg here. Right out of the chicken bomb sort of job, you know. Yeah. Yeah. The food is good, call it. But we haven't. Are you, did you buy any eggs? Yeah, we've got eggs. Frenches are full. We've got plenty of. Nice. Oh, dude, that sounds fun, man. Well, I hope you guys have a really nice time. You deserve it. I hope you get to relax a little bit. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, Alright, well, we, we appreciate you taking the time to come and hang out with us. Uh, uh, guys, we'll probably be back next week. Dave, when are you, are you coming, what are you coming home? What's your plan? We travel back on the 20th earth. Okay. And then I've got to go to Ramana's. Wait, the 21st. Yeah. So you're going to be gone for a while. Very late. Yeah. Oh, geez. Okay. Alright. So we come back on the 21st. Then I've got a colon at Ramana's. And trainer legs. How's she doing? She's good. Yeah, she's good. She's good. Uh, and then so we'll be getting home on the 20 second. Okay. Alright. Well, we'll try to get another one if you have the time. And, uh, everybody's. Alright. Everybody's been loving the show. So, you know, they'll be happy to see you back. And guys, leave us questions for the next one. If you have any questions about France for Dave, anything or anything you want to see him do while he's in France, you know, leave us suggestions and comments. And for it, go to uh, evellebotanalsys.com because even though Dave's away the business is still running, somebody did have a topic. By the way, we'll try to get to it next time about saying, hey, I got my eve, my lab's done it evelle. Great experience. I think you did have a question that we didn't get to today, but we could only get to so many of them guys. So, if we didn't get to your question, comment on this one. Ask your question again. We'll do our best to get it up next time. Of course, also go to truenutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. SupplementSource.ca for Canadian Strom Sports and Nutrition for those of you in the UK. And in the US great health and performance stacks. And for another episode of the podcast, guys, we'll see you soon. Thanks, Dave. Thank you.