Here's another one. If we look at 43 milligrams, Annaball, Annadraw is less than 50% as Annaball, because NPP, so NPP, then at 43 milligrams, is pretty much peeking out, right? This, Nadraw, I'm kicking butt at 43 milligrams a day, whereas Annadraw back over here is less than 50%. What we see here is that for the different drugs or different dose response curves, and especially at the lower doses, there are some substantial differences in the Annaball growth effects of these different drugs. What's up guys? Welcome back to Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNeillian. All of our programming is brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys for supporting our programming. We do have a couple of Patreon questions, but we have a special presentation that Scott's put together today, so we're going to get back to those questions in a future episodes. We're also brought to you by Trinutrition.com. Use our code, think, for additional savings. High quality, third party tested supplements from a company that you can trust. And hey, if you're from Canada, supplement source.ca, they've got great deals that change week to week. Scott, I'm excited for this topic. You've been putting this together now for like the past six weeks. We get asked often the question. It's a popular topic right now that our all Annaball extorrades created equal. And so this is going to be officially a deep dive. And I think that's the way this has to be, because really this isn't a simple topic, is it? This isn't something we can just like answer in two words, am I right? I think for most people, they could just make it simple and just be what you like, but I dig into that and the presentation, but yeah, when we take it apart and analyze the bits and pieces, it's pretty complex, but I hopefully I bring it back at the very end to the simple, simplest way of looking at it. Yeah, so I'm gonna tell you, dear, you'll get a resolution. And I'll try to put timestamps in guys. Some of it will be more dense, but I guarantee that if you hang through that you're going to learn something out of this, no matter what level you're at. See idea, okay, so fancy title, the Annaball Covalency of Annaballic, Energy and Extarruids, tuned by short into AAS, a pharmacogenomic, mechanistic, and empirical inquiry. So kind of looking at this from different angles, I'm not a steroid expert by any means. If you're doing bodyability and enhanced road, you have to come to know some things, but I wanted to kind of ask this question. These are the things that the level which I can understand these things that I thought made sense to try to address this question. And what is it exactly? The idea is that our all-anaballoc steroids equally quenquantanaballic are the resultant. Some Annaballic can anti-cataballic actions, resulting in muscle growth, muscle protein accretion, hypertrophy, et cetera, in conjunction with resistance training, essentially equivalent for all Annaballoc steroids. Example, would 50 milligrams of Annaballic today, three and a half year, and 355 milligrams of deca per week, yield equivalent gains, just sort of a more basic idea. So we've got different versions of this question. So depending on what you're really talking about, you can come up with different answers. One is this true chest for a certain subset of Annaballoc steroids, like the commonly used Annaballoc steroids. Not the exotic ones that might be hard to obtain. The holy grail, for instance, are we talking about just those that have been approved for human use, or previously tested in the scientific literature humans, test, and or alone, and a draw, and of our, et cetera. Is this true only at low doses? Or maybe this is truly a maximal dose. So if you go to three grams a week, maybe it doesn't make a difference, what you're using. Right? Yeah. So our doses, maybe some have a difference, those response curves. We'll talk about this because then this is important to teasing out the intricacies of this. Maybe at low doses, it matters what you might use. Is this true over short periods of time? So maybe you could get away with 400, 500 milligrams of an oral for four or six weeks, but 12 weeks in. So you might have an accumulation of toxicity. I'm going to repeat these same things over again, because I like to teach that way, I think it's helpful. If someone comes out of this with two or three things, they remember that's good, and maybe something I would say five or six times. Is this true on average? This is an important way to ask the point of think about this question. This is true on average for most folks. Are we talking about group values as an assigned to fix study, right? Or are we talking about the individual level, which is what, much, most coaches, individual are thinking of this. Well, yeah, on average, this drug is equivalent to that drug, but I have a better response to this drug versus that drug. So we have to go to the idea of biologically new vigilance here. There could be some combination of, like, is this true for individuals using a certain subset of drugs, right? So this can become a very complicated loop. I think that I switched from, yes. All right, I just had to have a little, there's a little E-KM bar that I want to move out of the little menu bar. Yeah. So the most robust version of this is this true at the individual and group level, IE for all individuals that all antibiotics, derits your equally antibiotic in terms of muscle growth. So that would be the most okay. They're all absolutely the same. That would be the strongest statement that you could come up with and answer this question. And this would basically presume that biologically the duality is really not apparent. It doesn't make a difference for all the same. So why would I ask this question, I'm just before. I get asked this a good bit. There's one study Boris at all, which we'll get into a study with her asked, we'll use her her perspurger. Assy, to look at Lebotra, A and I muscle growth. So this is where that antibiotic, and her genocritio thing comes from. We've got these old school and the trenches, bro science ideas. You get this famous quote from Dan Duchenne from his dirty dieting newsletter. If you can't grow and deck in deep all you can't grow on anything, right? So that sort of relates to this question. We've got this idea of stacking drugs. This has been around forever. We've created some synergy. 500 milligrams of two drugs might be better. So 500 plus 500 might be better than 1000 milligrams of a single drug, right? Decades of experience thousands of users produce varying opinions and approaches. You go on the message boards. Since the beginning of message board time, you'll see it all sorts of different contentions. This drug sucks, this drug's the best things in slides bread. We do have different drug mechanisms and actions. So antigen binding receptor binding is what Bill Roberts, people probably don't remember who he is, unless they've been around for a while, like you and I Scott, he'd sort of divide a drug as an class one class true, class two based on whether they buy the antigen receptor tightly in the studies or not. It was going to be a very instant of neurological effects, too. So if you take a lot of people take url's that increase aggression that can impact how hard you train and then have an effect on the abolition. There's also drug specific side effect avoidance. So this would be the idea of taking lower doses of each drug to avoid the drug specific side effects and get some synergy from stacking that way. So we got all these perpetuated notions and paradigms. Test is best, right? That's a good one at rhymes. The trend alone is the strongest. The milligram per milligram ever. The idea of using a test base doesn't always lot of guys in the middle east. So what from what I understand, who would do like at the world amateur is those guys don't use any tests, right? At least when they're dieting down. You might try to control estrogenyle, E2 is estrogenyle with premo or masturon. Adding in secondary amino acids, adding in orals, all sorts of way these things can happen. And also the idea is like, you're just going to have to use empirical trial and error not to find it works best for you over the course of many years, perhaps. And on note here in case I forget, you probably remember that people can probably find this podcast. We did, maybe three years ago with lats from LHS, from professional muscle. And he talked about guy. I think he was Russian, maybe Ukrainian, who he spoke with. Russian, yeah. He was Russian, yeah. And he went and he tried numerous drugs and sort of got to his unacceptable side effect threshold with each of those. I figured that out as the first step. And then he figured out which combination seems to match for him personally. And then he would just go with, I think he had maybe three different combinations that he used and he would cycle through those. And that was a strike. It took him like years and years to figure that out, right? So that's a very systematic way of going about it. So he would never combine certain drugs because he knows that in certain doses that side effects will be too much or they just don't synergize. So it's the dose that prevents that alone updose we don't have the side effects. And then the right combination, those two variables. And then their interaction, they give him particular stacks that he followed and used. So the question is, is this simply a reaction or a solution or an oversimplification asking this question to this continuous quest to find the best steroid, which will always be out there. Like what's the best one, right? That's the question. Like we want to try meant. We want to try trust alone. We try all these potentially a harsh drugs. Superdrawal, what have you, maybe this is just like, guys are just wasting your time, right? Just make it simple. They're all kind of the same. And maybe that's where partially this comes from. And there's something the same for that, right? Yeah, and go there is. With being it, yeah, just being silly. So it's a comforting thing to say, yeah, they're just all the same. And there's people like black and white answers. So there's something to say for that, that's why this might resonate with us and become such a valid question or such an off-ask question. And maybe there's so many other factors that are more important than it does kind of come out in the wash, right? For some people, maybe for some individuals, it doesn't matter so much. So some thoughts I have on that, or the final muscle mass or size that you would gain over time, maybe just more a matter of your total dose in the big picture than some secret combination of AS. Of steroids. So if you're using two grams versus 700 milligrams a week, that maybe is the most important factor for many people. And I sort of an analogy between with those who train as natural as many people, sort of your lay person, your life style client, let's say, will kind of gravitate in the long haul to their comfortable diet and training regime and the specifics of the diet and training may not matter so much the long haul. So what they just end up doing? They'll stick to something that's sustainable for them. And whether there's some better approach in terms of diet or training for them, it doesn't really matter. So there's that kind of a potential, some people are just not going to be able to find certain drugs, but just don't want to use certain drugs, and it can be very much side-effect related. So for them, it really doesn't matter. So maybe that's where this question comes from. It's just like find the ones that work for you. And they're all equally anabolic within those ones that you can use. So that's the kind of the subset aspect or variation on this question. So let's look at the question of the word directly. Is it likely that all antibiotics, your is equally anabolic on a milligrams gram per milligram basis? And this is really a question of pharmacogenomics. So this is the study of, and this has been around for decades. Now the study of genetic contribution to the variable response in this of drugs. This is very important from a practical perspective for prescribing drugs. So we've got also what's called combinatorial pharmacogenetics. So this is the idea that combination of genes can better explain variability in drug action. So if we know persons genome, and this is sort of the medicine, the future that's now become the medicine today. If we know someone's genetics, we can figure out what drugs they might better choose from. So this can get really complicated. So here's a figure, I sent you this before. I can't really if we actually did this talk or not, but this is a figure showing metabolism of tomoxifen, which many people have there probably know. And these are all, this is the metabolite schematic. And all those, the purple boxes are essential there is tomoxifen. So this is tomoxifen. And here are all the potential metabolite sick can be formed. And these, all these blue circles are the P450 enzymes that potentially metabolize. And this one P450, Cip2D6, which is in, of right of these pathways along the way has over 100 polymorphisms. So that creates this complex schematic. There's 100 versions of this. At least, just considering one of those P450 enzymes in the liver that metabolize, just to tomoxifen, it's like, OK, so does that matter? Well, actually, this is an older study. It's from 1999, I think, sorry, they could cut off a little bit. But, and sorry, that that stayed. But this is individuals pre-tomoxifen. Oops, pre-tomoxifen. Well, that just silly. They want to take though a pre-tomoxifen versus during tomoxifen. And in terms of their estadial levels, this is initially estrogen action. But this is just estadial levels because of the complex metabolism. And some of those metabolites become involved with estrogen production itself. And some of the individuals can actually get an elevation in estadial when using tomoxifen. But not trusting. Yeah, so there's something a lot of these did. In this particular study, yeah. I mean, I don't know what the end is at the bottom here. The bottom, you see, a lot of individuals who are overlapping, basically. So I don't know what the, the perusse of there's a substantial, there's a substantial number of individuals here. Who starter off with high estrogen and increased. And there's some who had low estrogen and it went pretty deep high. Yeah. So that's an example. This shows variations in cox1 and cox2 activity. And SNPs here, what you're noted, single nucleotide polymorphisms. Here interact with how prescribed doses and particular NSA, it's non-strelant and inflammatory. It's actually have their effects. A complex figure, no need to go into that. But the idea here is this isn't, these are examples of combinatorial pharmacogenetics. So I'm bringing this up because the question is, if we presume that all antivoxterides are equally anabolic and somehow equivalent, then the idea is that all these things come out as a, as a wash. It doesn't really make a difference. In the case of the class of drugs, antivolic, antivonic steroids that we're talking about. The question is, well, how likely is that? We don't have the studies and that's the interesting, that's the unfortunate thing. We don't have the studies looking directly to make comparisons, like we do for some of these other drugs. So what we do know that the antivolic action of antivolic serides is a result of the pharmacokinetics, so how the body metabolizes the drug, liver metabolism, and the pharmacodynamic. So how the drug itself affects the body, and I've got another big figure coming soon. And I want to move through that. There is a massive number of genetic differences. We're talking here about combinatorial pharmacogenetics, relating to antivolic steroids. So again, the question, would we expect that they're antivolic effect is equivalent? And there's two ways that ask this question, broadly speaking, on the average in a population, all affects and up summing out to be the same, so the population being body builders, or for an individual, despite this wide range of genetic diversity. So our meeting factors, the drug differences, what the body does to drug. We've got comparisons injection versus oral metabolites that are produced the mate toxicity, obviously being higher with oral generally speaking, binding to serum hormone, binding, elobulinobiumin, five-alpha reductase activity, aromatization, effects on the gut or appetite. And when we get away with lots of antideiral for instance, if it's going to blow up your appetite and you can't gain. So in the end albe told us, does that mean that's this animal aquel? If you could somehow get the food in a gestopropylumabe, and then the pharmacodynamics, what receptors are bound? We've got the antitree sector, less we forget the glucocordicordicordicordicordicordicordic sector, their pregestone receptor. The�anderiaschigirates' sector, of course, and those two different types of antitree sectors at least. There's a membrane bound, non genomic, and then the classical genomic end receptor. When we got effects of the drugs on the body, the drug on the body, water retention, it's got appetite, neuropsychological effects, training effects. You feel like crap, so you don't want to train, or do you feel aggressive and feel phenomenal, so you go after it and training. So these person differences, again, we got this biological individuality that I'm not gonna draw on, but that plot up there just shows the, it's a normal distribution for testosterone levels. In men, that's a typical normal distribution, right? So this, this, when you get those ranges back, if someone does a total testosterone blood test, those ranges are at the ends of this distribution, it's huge, so we've already got that in place when it comes to antigens and antigen metabolism. It's a biological phenomenon, it's basically inhuman biology, and this is at the root of why we use the inferential statistics that are at play, that we have this normal distribution, this Gaussian distribution, as in that plot up in the right there. So there's gonna be outliers. Those, if there are outliers, then the answer to the question is no, there's outliers, and you would expect that it pretty much is, as under, it's an assumption of pretty much everything, in every, every research inquiry in the biological domain. So some examples here, there's differences in hepatic P450 enzymes, P450 enzymes, we talked about in the context with Demoxom before. There's also a PDE7B isopform, that's in the liver. That's involved with cleaving the fatty acid princess in testosterone in and theta away. That will result in about 60% depending on which Iiform you have just from one study that I know of, a 60% difference in the area and the curve, basically, the bioavailability of something like deca or testosterone in and theta. There's differences in the liver phase to glucoronidation, so that's involved with conjugating a tablite produced by the liver, so that it can be more easily lost in the urine to clear from the body. Body fat levels plays a different as well in how all these things work. We could ask about that a lot, actually, how body fat levels affect the way steroids affect their bodies. A romantic levels, a romanticis found in adipose, for instance. So that's why people, if they're leaner, they might be able to get away with an aromatizing steroid much more easily than when they're at a higher body fat level. Something to watch out for in the off season, too. I mean, something you may have seen, someone starts to get more body fat like, I'm pretty good, I'm bulking. And they're getting a lot of water attention, which comes from bulking, and they're also getting lots of estrogen. And when they die, it sounded like, what the heck, I got a little bit of a guy know, I had no clue because they couldn't see it. And it was sort of under the radar, right? Other things, all these things I'm mentioning here in these last two sub bullet points, are things where we know they're biological differences. The imagery sector isiforms. There's a multitude of those. Based on, for instance, there's two places, particularly, but we know, for instance, that one place, there's C-A-G repeats in the code for this. There's a glutamine, the code for glutamine amino acid. It can range from like eight to like 28 or something, like that, changes the shape of the imagery sector. And that's been, for instance, associated with risk for prostate cancer. Because it will dictate to some degree to what extent something is anrogenic or like when DOD-H-T binds to the entry sector. There's five off-redubt taste polymorphinisms. There's variants in the H-S-H-B-G. So how much of a hormone is free versus bound? It's going to vary. And we've got placebo effects. And that's going to be a function of your both your environment and your genetic interaction. So I mean, take a practical example here. You go to a gym where everyone's highly motivated. And every other guy is geared out of his gills in the kind you're training with, we're all geared up. You're going to do that. And you're going to have a different perspective on that, right? Or take another scenario. You buy from the guy at your gym. And the parking lot gives you some shit out of his trunk. And he's a big dude. You're like, this has got to be a legit. We talked about placebo effects. You're going to have a huge placebo effect potentially. And if you're someone who is predisposed to placebo effects. And there's at least 28 different genes. Last time I looked that predisposed one more so it to having placebo effect versus not having one. So that plays a huge role too. And I'm going to more practical. It was ample. If you take a steroid that you feel more because of side effects, cognitive effects, where you see the watery tension, that could elicit that placebo effect that affects how you go about things in the psychoclassic placebo effect, where they quote unquote, give their subjects, debolved in a university of Massachusetts. And their rate of genes just took off. Like three times faster, at least in terms of strength levels. When they thought they were getting debolved, which was just a sugar pill, but they believed it. So there was a placebo effect. So and of course other things too in terms of just looking at this inquiry, use history. So whether or not a drug is going to be equally in a ballerco, more in a ballerco, could be what watery of operations. If you've got more from your first, you've got to, we've got this idea of diminishing returns. So that first cycle might be the best cycle. Not always though. It can be later on. You have a best cycle. Yeah. Your current and previous training status, are you coming from a layoff? It's like, you know, I gleaned a bunch of muscle. And I was on. And like that was whatever I used that time was great. So one of the common questions we get asked by you guys is, what would you do differently with your body building? If you could go back in time, given all the experience and education I have today, there's a number of things that I would have done differently. One of them is that I would have started using college and sooner. College is one of the few supplements who will actually rebuild connective tissue. It took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program. I used true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef collagen. I get the unflavery version. I pay for it myself. Just like you guys do, I use 20 grams a day. Makes it into my coffee. It's totally unflavery. You don't even taste it. Plus I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin. Creatin has been shown to improve brain health, especially for the aging brain. I need that. And of course, you know, we've always known about the muscle building effects. So this is my morning routine every day. And I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. Use our code, thank for savings. Plus it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard. Otherwise, they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app. And not do it by the do it. There's a multitude of things. And here's another way to look at it. I'll move through this more quickly, but this is kind of fun. So we got these pharmacokinetics. What the body does, the drug, pharmacodynamics. There's also the non-anrogenic actions. And all these are leading then to an abolition in the end all. And the things that they're going to pop up here in the white boxes with black writing are factors that vary by drug and are individual. So these are things that are subject to this common-etorial pharmacogenetic idea. High-monsychle oralverses injectable. The injection concentration, injection site, estralinth and volume. There's a study we've talked about here with Nandalon, like compared NPP with Deca in the glute versus the delt. And we saw there's differences there. You probably remember that one. It's a well-known study. I'm much liver stress you have and the phase two glute coronadation, which I mentioned before. That's going to affect all sorts of things. So this liver PDE, 7B enzyme, oralmatization. That's going to affect the greed of which the estrogen receptor is activated. That's going to have an effect on water retention, which can affect animal properties potentially. And the thus anabolism. We've got five alpha-reduced case activity. That's going to affect energetic properties. And in the pharmacodynamics, we've got the energy-septin-bite binding, energy-enreceptor gene, transactivation. So some antigens don't buy the energy-septin, but they turn on the energy-septor genes. Those would be the orals. And those things affect, and you have a got MPS. I think I can write on this one. It's okay now. We've got muscle protein synthesis, muscle protein breakdown, effects on satellite cells. All these things are going to interact with the person's proclivity to have those. Those are all genetically different amongst individuals. That's going to affect then hypertrophy. And catabolic properties, which goes into the overall ad addition or subtraction of whether we have an anabolic effect or to what extent we do. These form the liver stress will affect IGF1. And that'll affect appetite. How much you eat? Anabolic effects of IGF1, which is a whole other. We talked about that here as well. And there's a nice article on John Meadowsite that I put together. It people want to have a 90 minute look at the IGF1. And so we got central placebo effects. So that's going to affect potentially everything to some degree. But training stimulus, hypertrophy, and then antibody properties. So these things are all, you're come all the energetic properties. I feel like an animal I'm pissed off. I train harder. That's going to affect your central nervous system. placebo effects. Estrogen will do this thing. If you're sick, strived as low, because your estrogen's too low or too high, that's going to affect how feeling well you feel about yourself. Your self esteem levels, how hard you train. I feel great. My lady's happy or my man's happy or whatever it is. I'm going to town. I feel like I'm an animal. I'm a winter on all in the bedroom. And in the gym, so I train harder. Progestogenic activity can have an effect there. And thus affect an abolition. Or directly as well, of course. And we've got effects on glucocorticoid the mineralic oracortine activity, which can have essential effects, potentially direct effects, or anti-catabolic effects. So there's some other things that are popping up. And then all and I didn't even draw all arrows in. becomes a very interwoven network. And we've got other variable interacting effects that are seen to be genetically termed or variable that dictate the extent to which some response to muscle to resist is trading. How much muscle growth they get? Micro R&A is that's a whole other story. The other side of the turning on protein synthesis and an apple is the extent to which someone has a proclivity for muscle damage. And the genes for Actin and 3 that's a protein found in the Z line. So it's involved with sarcomer integrity, tumor necrosis factor, interlucin six, IGF2. There are single nucleotide polymorphisms there that are involved with how much muscle damage someone has. So if they've got more muscle damage, more muscle breakdown because of their genetic reclubity for that, that's going to affect the catapacabalism, how often they can train, how much amp and abalism they can affect with their training. And there are other things beyond that. So I thought this was a cool. I'm going to sit here and just bask and walk into it. This is going to cool. And it's not even everything, right? That's still all this is just scratching the surface. I probably spent, I don't know, 15, 20 hours on this thing. I could have spent 2,000 hours and still not been not covered everything. Yes, right. And it sounds like such a simple question. Are all steroids the same? Are you going to get the same results from every compound? Because it is a commonly held idea now that people, I think, honestly, at the end of the day, we're body builders and the majority of us aren't quite educated enough to be able to pick this thing apart, like you are. So it's just commonly been accepted. You're either an old school, broscience guy, or you're on board with this that all steroids are going to have the same effect. And to which all of these things that are in white with black print, those are all things that are variable. Yeah. Those are all things that are variable amongst individuals. So this gives us, those are all factors that would contribute to that normal distribution and produce. Imagine someone who has 90% of those things in their favor for whatever reason. And then they choose certain drugs that match that right. So they've optimized their drug selection and dose. And they've got good genetics. You're going to have outliers. We see this just a practical way of looking. Obviously, we have people like Kevin Leroni, for instance, as someone people kind of know, has a pretty good response to drugs that seems like his off season. Is what he's just playing with the band. And then three months, the V looks like a normal guy in three months later, he's placed in second in the Olympia. So we have a little bit of data, not a ton, unfortunately. And this isn't exhaustive. We only have so much time. Here are a couple studies sample studies with HIV patients. This one that just popped up here, a story at Al from 2005. HIV patients, no training involved. 12 weeks, they compared 300 milligrams of deco with actually is HIV, you can just grow for a moment of day. Yeah. And they got some extra cellular water with the growth hormones. I'm going to grow on this one here. So you can see this is the change in fat free mass, with the mandolin and blue growth hormone in the red. It lost some fat mass in the growth hormone with the thickness that HIV used. They had some water retention. But they got some fat free mass of some of that, probably was water retention from the growth hormone. It's a couple kilograms over this case 12 weeks. Here's a study with Grunfield at Al 2006, grated doses of exandolons and of our. And here they have gains in body cell mass, which is body cell mass is basically fat free mass, minus bone. So it's the majority of what makes up the fat free mass. And you can see over the course of these 12 weeks. Didn't get much. There's the placebo of course. And didn't get nearly as much from 20 milligrams a day as it had a 40 milligrams a day. And it looks like they kind of had sort of a ceiling effect. Your 80 milligrams a day was not better than 40 milligrams. The 40 milligrams pretty much got them what they're going to get. That's against HIV. Yeah, it is, right? And who knows, you can look into that study. But then these are averages. But the reason I wanted to pull this out is that we've got 300 milligrams a deck of versus 280 milligrams of anavar weeks. That's the 40 milligrams a day. They both produced about two kilograms of fat free mass or body cell mass over 12 weeks. Different studies, different individuals, right? But roughly on par. So this kind of points like, yeah, this is telling us about there's the arrows pointed to those two. So maybe, and I mentioned the ceiling effect. But so roughly ballpark equivalent deck of versus anavar, this is the average of amongst subjects. We don't know about individual differences. So some people might have done better with one versus the other. OK. But that, and it says, yeah, I mean, about the same. And of course, we'll see the same thing, just by analogy, if you look at training studies too. You can have different training regimens. We talked about this a lot here. That on average give you like the two versus three versus five times a week study, right? On average, no differences. But when they look at the individuals, they are a massive differences depending on the person, whether higher volume, higher frequency was better than lower volume, lower frequency. Would not be surprised whatsoever if we saw the same kind of phenomenon here. So this is just comparing two studies, two different drugs, different individual different subjects, slightly different characteristics of those subjects. So here's another study comparing Deca and test enantate. It's a pretty low-known study at two different doses. So they had enantate, kind of a sort of a sealant. These were, there's no training. These were normal individuals, healthy individuals. And they didn't really get much out of 100 milligrams per week, which you might expect, just replacing endogenous production. What they got about two kilograms, low and behold, this was only six weeks with the test. And they got equal gains with the Deca here roughly that only 100 milligrams per week, which is interesting. And the three in a milligrams a week seemed to produce even more gains. So this would show to say Deca was better than test. Interesting enough, only test increased isotonic strength. So I put water retention here. You don't, the study's the research doesn't suggest the Deca creates water retention. Per se, right? What is isotonic strength explained that to us? Oh, that's an isotonic test. It's a lab test. The sidebecks is probably the best, no, they make, sidebecks make Stimoquine with the isotonic devices. So it's a nice way to test in this case. They mentioned this in discussion. These guys didn't go out and start training in the gym. There was no training involved here. So an isotonic that just means that the speed, the angular velocity of the movement is the same. So you sit them down, you do a knee extension test. And it goes at 90 degrees per second. So, yeah, okay. Yeah, so hold on, I'm getting a notification. So that's sort of a lab-based test that wouldn't be impacted even if they were doing strength training outside, not as much at least because it's not specific to water. They wouldn't have had access to an isotonic tester. But it isn't, they got strength changes there. Preverses post. This, they didn't do a great job statistically here. So this almost says maybe deck is better that's not something you typically find. So these are normal active men, 27 years old, about 85 kilograms, no training. This was not a significant difference, statistically. So what that tells us is that there's so much variability, even though this number seems like it's, it's substantially higher. Yeah, um. It was statistically not significant. And that's the standard by which we as societies would say something is technically different. Because if there's such variable effects, there's a mathematical difference in the averages, but they're highly variable, then that doesn't suggest that there was a systematic difference based on the treatment. So that decko was better than test, in this case. Just happened the average to higher, but they're just widely variable. But I'm seeing, so the 100, you have a 100 test. And then you have 300 test. And the 300 test appears to be about the same result. Excuse me, the 300 test seems to be about the same results as the 100 natural loan. Am I correct? Yeah, I read this right. And then the 300 natural loan is, like through the roof by comparison. So just as a layman looking at this, I would think that the natural loan was far superior. What the statistics didn't suggest this, right? Now what this means then from a practical standpoint is that there is high variability. When this is sort of the way to sort of flip this on, it's had a little bit that his an often mentioned. Actually, there was no, they weren't even reporting statistical interactions for any of these sort of things, right? The statistics were pretty weak from what I read in this study. So there was no difference really amongst, in any of the treatment groups here. So you would, like you're looking at this, like, look, there was. What that means is the results were so variable that there didn't seem to be any, any, any substantive. And this is actually a glitchy bring this up. There was no statistical difference. But what that likely means then is that there were some people in terms of the deck of who are way, who are up here, and some people in terms of the test who are way down here. So what we don't know is whether this person who was kind of a non-responder would have been responder if they took decka and vice versa. Ah, yeah, okay. That's what we don't know. So for some of those individuals that may have been the case and the difficult thing, they're kind of going to this, the difficult thing is let's say someone's an average responders who they're here with test, right? And then they want to switch to decka at the same dose. We've got the log to mention returns applying here, right? So they go to decka and decka might have put them here at a better level, but they're not going to notice some giant push from decka because they've already got two thirds of their gains that would have had from decka from the test. Okay. So making that comparison when you're doing things sequentially is a difficult thing. So you can't say, well, test was a cool to decka. I didn't get any, it didn't blow my socks off when I switched from test to decka. Yeah, right. But only the test that I mentioned this later is someone would have to literally do something like this where they get themselves into a pretty trained state. Gene, leave everything the same, add in test and see what happens over 12, 16 weeks. And then take everything out, restore, become untrained, right? Right, straight. And wait a year or two and then get themselves to a trained state and then repeat to experiment and be like a three or four year experiment, probably. Yeah. And they're not going to do that and all it's going to do that. Of course. But people, even then you've got a muscle memory effect. Right, I was going to say there's still something in there because you were that big before that strong guy. Yeah, so you'd have to get yourself in bypass that by getting yourself in this trained state get to where you once were. So you've got some aging that's involved. It's minimal, which is right. There's that too. So it comes a very hard question to answer for an individual who is doing things sequentially over time. What you'd have to do is, and I have an experiment here. I'll talk about it just six. I want to jump two for a hit. So now we have this famous study, Bosnhead, all. This is the only gets talked about. It's been around for forever. 600 milligrams of testing at the week. 10 weeks here, 28 year olds, you're going to add all in trained males. And they had four groups. They trained them. They gave them testosterone or placebo. And they had training versus no trainings. And combinations, they're up. So they had an untrained group that would got no drugs. They got a group that just got the testosterone. They had a group that trained, got no testosterone, that group that got testosterone while they were training. And what we see here, then is fat free mass went up. Looks like if it just read this about six kilograms with training. And with the drug, a little bit of a whole, it just talks two kilogram. Quadriceps cross sectional area, one up the greatest with training, but they actually got some growth here in this case with the test just from taking the test. And they had the greater strength gains. You can just see this bench presence in squatting strength. So there was added of effect to the training effect of increased strength in size when you added the six or milligrams of test. Go figure, no surprise there. So the super physiological testosterone that six or a million grams is like five times in dodges production. Size and strength and hand size strength gains. And didn't have a measured impact on motor behavior. That's one thing that people mentioned about this study, too, is that these guys didn't become aggressive assholes when they're on six or a million grams of test. They supposedly couldn't even tell. They weren't able to distinguish. Or statistically, there's no difference. So people weren't able to, if I recall correctly, but it might be wrong in this, but people weren't able to distinguish what they were on, which I think is just kind of bizarre. Yeah. I hardly believe that to be honest. But they're, at least they were. They were something man, your libido or, yeah, come on. So they didn't report that. And I think that would have been something to do is kind of come clean at the end, debrief them and ask in that question and say, okay, this is what you're on. So yeah, you would know. I mean, you go from nothing to six or a million grams of test and your, your, at least your sex drive is gonna go up for most everybody. So another very interesting study, it's comparable, six or a million grams of decka in this case, for 12 weeks, they graded it up actually. It went for, I think, three weeks. They graded it, the decka dose, and then for 12 weeks they trained. So it's basically the same duration, 12 weeks versus 10 weeks, six or a million grams of decka within without training. These were HIV positive men, older, little bit lighter. But what we see here is if we're looking at and I just had a kind of compile. These are the three measurements were pretty much that we had in both studies. And the decka itself gave us this sort of, a little bit better than two kilograms, but as a, you know, it's a 12 week study. And when you had a training, you got a little bit better growth. There was a statistical effect on lean body mass and strength, but not muscle cross sectional. So we did get better lean body mass here. We did get better in this Grace Benchpress, strength was measured in both. Obviously you would hope, but they got some increased in bench rest, strength chest from the decka. And as it turned out, the quad cross sectional you didn't matter. That's correct. That one didn't have. So we've got some interesting things, but if we look at these, I'm gonna go back. Look about this six kilogram fat free mass number. What do we have here about six kilograms roughly? 600 milligrams versus 600 milligrams. So there's some favorable comparison suggesting that decka, and this is, remember, this is untrained naive folks going on one steroid at a time. And we're getting roughly the same average. So this kind of points to this possibility, you know, that at least under these circumstances, we're gonna ask you sort of this version of the question that decka and test at 600 milligrams give you about the same gain. So what we don't know is the individual differences if we were to compare decka versus test. If we could do the repeat test for an individual and see whether they respond better to one versus the other. Or whether they prefer one versus the other over time, it's only decka for 600 milligrams a week that interesting thing, they said these individuals that I write this in here. No. I believe this is, yeah, here it is. It's just above the rest. All the subject reported reported feeling better while receiving study therapy. That was just, just therapy in general. Yeah, so they felt better and all of them got decka, right? Oh, okay, yeah. So some of them trained, some of them didn't. That comparison we have for training. Just better in general. Just better, that was a quote I pulled from there. So none of them apparently complained because it said all subjects, which has said subjects, reported feeling better or I was even not in complaining decka deck. But let's think about decka versus test at this dosage long time, like six months. Six months, it's a little bit different. Yeah, this is only 12 weeks, 10 weeks for the other study. Six months, you're going to have some guys that are not going to be like being on just decka. For six. Some people will be okay, but not everybody. So over the long haul, you might lose those gains, right? You might say, fuck it, I'm coming off. And if somebody doesn't know how to do a PCG to get themselves back online and that can take a while with decka, maybe not the best extra choice if you're considering coming off. Then you've got a situation where in the long haul, the answer is, no decka is not equivalent to test, is decka fuck me up, ruin my life in relationship. I lost my girlfriend, but what have you? And I stopped training because I felt like crap until I got myself online a year later. Whereas test was like, I just tapered the test down, put some HG in there, what have you. And I was okay going back to recovery. Here are T-dose, right? Yeah. Oh, yes, recovery differences. So here's what I mentioned. We're imagining a study that's at the very bottom. This is what would be really interesting. I don't think this is going to happen. But imagine, because we've got these 600 milligrams, doses where we compared 600 milligrams of test, there's a bit different groups. And you could add training and no training if you want to make a mega study, 600 milligrams, decka. And then what happens if we toss in like 300 milligrams of each? See if we get a stacking synergy. And then what if we did something? Because we test the end of our before. This might have to be the HG patients. 200 of test decka and anava are each. So it's called total dosage, which might do better. Yeah, I don't know. I could see that the last version may be being better for some people. Yeah, I know my own body, I'd prefer that. If you told me to take 600 tests by itself for the next 12 weeks, I'd tell you to go fly a kite. That's all I know. All right, right. But the test with some decka, you got your test base, so to speak, your deck has been a high handle that. And that anava dosage is, you know, that's substantial. That's like little less than 30 milligrams a day. So 25 roughly. Yeah. That's reasonable. With that fair better than 600 milligrams of test or 600 milligrams of decka, given those side effects. Yeah. See how it might be better for some people. Yeah. Hey, speaking of really quick, you showed us that anava study a couple slides ago. And what it was, it was good. Forty was better than 20. Was it? And then a kind of flat toad. Yeah. We got some plaque because we had people telling us all you need on an episode of drugs and stuff. All you need is five milligrams of anava anything more than that is a waste. If it's far more great anava, that's all you need. So I would say based off of that study alone. And just obviously personal experience over 20 years plus that you can get more benefit from 40. And you know, but there's a cost to benefit too. There's there's, you know, the higher you go, the more side effects you get, right? But I would say for most people, 40 is going to be pretty tolerable for, I guess depends on the period of time. Six weeks, or are we talking six months? That's exactly one of the points. Thank you for bringing that. That's one of the points here is tolerability is going to vary. And it's going to be a function of time. Yeah. So for the long term, like, you know, you're doing 40 milligrams of anava all year round. Yeah. I'm going to get old. I'm going to get old. Yeah, you're right. Right. And one of the things too, like something that just sort of seems like it's sort of an, you know, an empirical finding. So to speak, is that one thing you see in some of the best body builders guys that are pros is they have a good response to the drugs of course too. And they also have a good ability to tolerate the drugs. Absolutely. Genetically variable. So it's kind of like with training. And we talk with Brandon Curry about, you know, what happens in the Middle East is like they just run every one through this high volume treacherous training regime. And those who can survive and recover stay in those who don't, they end up going elsewhere. So one feature, when I aspect them, and you see this amongst many proes is that they can have a higher training stimulus or greater training dose because they have better recovery abilities. And the analogy, the analogous situation here with with steroids would be you can handle it have your dose because you've got better ability to handle the toxicity. And that could be physiologically and maybe even psychologically. Yeah. Right. So so this is kind of interesting. So we got some some ways we could say, yeah, they're equivalent. And then we could reason, it depends, which is sort of my favorite answer for most of these things. So here's the fun one. Right. There's the big daddy that I've been sent numerous times. Right. And I'll take some time to explain this. So this is this Boris that I'll study. And this I selected out the the analog steroids here. So I did make this a little bit bigger. There's mine. So what we have here is immature rat, the vatra aint I wrote. So young rats, it's a 10 day study. 10 days in a rat means a much would be equivalent to a much longer time in a human because they have much shorter life expectancy is two or three years depending on the rat. Strain. And all of these drugs were injected too. So some of these drugs, for instance, these four, which is anodrol antivard, dienobal and windstrol, windstrol being the exception. The first three for sure are typically injected. Of course they can be. Yeah. I'm only sitting injectable of our one time, one time in it. Yeah. Yeah. That's very rare. Debal, antidrol, a little bit more common, windstrol, very common. Right. And for instance, the pharmacokinetics of injectable versus oral windstrol a little bit different. So that's something worth keeping in mind. So this is an isorat study and is only 10 days. But what I've done here is taken the doses that were used in the study and they're here at the bottom and converted them using body surface area, standardized equation that basically the relative dose would be about 15% in a human versus a rat. So these are doses that for 100 kilogram hypothetical bodybuilder. So the blue is 9 kilograms a day goes all the up to about 429 milligrams a day for the green. So for each of these drugs, we've got a series of bars and those represent for different groups of rats giving different drugs, all the different doses. It's pretty massive study. The growth is levator aegro. So this is a muscle in the perennial area and the taint to use the scientific term. Basically, it's typically used in this hersperger's assay as representative of muscle and abolism. So this is growth in milligrams relative to 100 grams of body weight. So it's relative growth. So it's not absolute. There's nuances there but not super important for our purposes. So the first thing to notice is see if this works is that we have a dose response curve for each of these drugs. So if we look at, for instance, anodrol here. At this low dose, this is the control group. And it was just one value and I just put it in for all bars. They didn't have, you just have one control. You don't need to do a control for each dose because it's the control. It's no drug, no dose. But we got a dose response, kind of sort of linear at the sort of plateauing at the top here. So the far end, for instance, let's look at, sorry, get the thing out of the way for myself. I got this far in the way here still. Just sick. Got anandrolone. So now we've got anandrolone and this in anandrolone's case, all the way here at the far right. At the far right there, I'm drawing up. Can you see the drawing there? Yep. Okay, good. So just when we get to this third dose of 43 milligrams per day, anandrolone's pretty much topped off. They've got actually numerically the same numbers. It's probably, you've got measurement here in those sorts of things in variability. Okay. So this is a different dose response curve. And I purposely ordered the drugs in this way to go from what seemed to be kind of the least. I didn't do the actual mathematical averages. But if we look at the bars for the various doses for anandrol, they're lower than the bars for anandrolone. So anandrolone's sort of the least anabolic with this indirect measurement. Or maybe direct measurement depending on what you consider most important. Anandrolone's the most anabolic. Anandrolone has a pretty steep curve from a low dose to sort of a more moderate dose. So what we see here then next is if we compare anandrol at 43 milligrams a day, less anabolic than one tenth of the dose of NPP. So if we compare right here, we compare right here basically zipov effect with this very, very low dose of anandrolone. So not in the other grams a day. You're getting more, you're getting, sorry, if we compare, not the one I want to compare. 43 milligrams of anandrol. Right. It's not even mathematically as anabolic as nine milligrams of anandrolone. Wow. And with that, it's not the same. And with that, but they same then with the anandrolone. Next to it it looks like. It looks like. Yeah, you can make multiple comparisons. I just picked a couple out here. Yeah, gotcha. And the deal. Here's another one. If we look at 43 milligrams, anandrolone, anandrolone is less than 50%. As anabolic as NPP. So NPP then at 43 milligrams is pretty much peaking out. Right. So this. Nandrolone's kicking butt at 43 milligrams a day. Yeah. Whereas anandrol back over here is less than 50%. Based on the lavada a andi. And that's how much anandrol? 43 milligrams a day or about 300 milligrams a week. Okay. So that's an that, but I'm gonna let you keep going here. Okay, say anything. I'm almost done. We can take your time. Yeah, take your time. This is fascinating. It's really cool, I think. So another one that I wanted to pull out was Winnie. Is about 50% stronger than V-ball at the 53 milligrams dose. Our day dose. Right. So here's my pointer back. Here's Winnie. Winnie has sort of a same dose response curve as anandrolone. So it's doing really well at this 43 milligrams. And if we compare that over here with diandable, Winnie's about 50% stronger. Right. So these comparisons when we're looking along the dose response curve at these more modern kind of reasonable doses, three and a milligrams a week, something like that. Right. When you converted from, again, we're making some leafs. We're converting from a rat to 100 kilograms, 120 pound human, making some jumps. But what we see here is this, in this animal model, so it's not humans, is that for the different drugs or different dose response curves. Yeah. And especially at the lower doses, there are some substantial differences in the anabolic growth effects of these different drugs. Right. Absolutely. Yeah. And so we have marketed differences at the lower doses, but less so at the higher doses. So if we look across here at the peak effects, at the highest dose. So this is 430 milligrams a day. So this is like over three grams a week. Right. Three grams a week. So we're in human doses. Yeah. We're talking three grams a week. Yeah. An angel on pharma proponate. Okay. Yeah. Oh, man, a draw and in pp. Like if we look at the lighter green, you know, when we compare all gold, all they cross is like, okay, you know, we got, we got a kind of a peak here, but there's less of a difference here. Maybe a 30% difference after do the math between this max value and the max value. So that's the lowest of all the max values. And here's the highest of all the max values. It's not that big of a difference at the higher doses. So that's a ceiling effect basically showing itself. So once you're at three grams, right. It doesn't really matter. As long as you can handle three grams. And one thing that's that I sort of know is that I did a little animal work early on in my my master's degree and these animals are super hardy. So, you know, this, this body surface area, equivalency, it does seem to match up when you look at all the physiological, formological factors as a nice way to make comparisons with these animals or hearty man. They're really, really hardy. So I don't know, you know, and it'll actually isn't as toxic as people might think based on some of the studies that are out there if you trust in their data. But three grams, and it'll, you know, for, for, you know, multiple weeks. Yeah, that's eventually. So that maybe, I don't know, we don't know that the study didn't say it. We don't know why we don't know what factors led to this. If this was a toxicity effect. Yeah. But overall, we have a different dose response. So, so this, this, this is a nice study because it suggests two dueling answers to the same question. And, and the, it depends is, it depends on the dose. In these animals, when it comes to levator A and I, whether or not a two drugs or all the drugs are considered equivalent, they're all kind of close to being equivalent at the highest doses. Yeah. Just some degree. But at the lower doses, when it makes certain comparisons, there would be, if you're, if you're a rat, it was really wanting a big levator A and I, right? Then, you're going to, you're going to pick certain drugs over others. And, and, and, and, P.P would be a good choice, when straw would be a good choice, right? Yeah. Yeah. You know, a 43-milligram per day dose for instance. Right. That's where you're getting the most bang for your buck. You're getting the most from the least, which I'll bring up again. Okay. At those doses with those drugs, if you're a rat, you want to grow as butt muscles. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, it's something you want to interject, Scott. What was that? One thing I wanted to make sure we got to on this particular slide. Well, first of all, I love the way you've got this all color coded. Did you pick these colors out yourself or how did that work? No, I just didn't. I did this in Excel and it just, it automates that you can change them all, how you want them to a lot of magic stuff. But that's just the, like, the automatic colors. I was just curious on that because it looked like a lot of time you put into that. That was number one. But number two, you, we, we worked, we've talked about this, you know, a bunch of times now off the air. And one of the analogies you made that I thought was great was the car analogy being that, like, if you take your general commercial car, they're all kind of going to go around, like 120 miles an hour, right? Like if we take a Ford, Festiva, we take my, my mini Cooper, you know, we take the neighbors of any van. They're all probably going to go around ballpark 120 miles an hour or more or less. But the difference is in how they get there that we're probably not all going to be driving 120 miles an hour, just like a lot of people aren't going to be most people. I can't think of anybody taking three grams of anage, raw. So the nuance is going to be like my mini man, my mini is not going to take out a Ford Mustang, you know, if we get a, or, or, or charge or something like that off the line. But when we start getting into like that zero to 45 and going around curves, man, that thing is a fricking blast to drive supercharger. Turbocharger is awesome and that zero to 45 range. Right. And I thought that was a great analogy. I wanted to make sure we kind of touch time too, because that's where the nuances really seem to be is is in the dose itself. Yeah. And you know, it's funny. I didn't even think of this at the time when we were talking about that. But I have, I have lived sort of the perfect analogy. Whenever I don't have the dogs with my daily driver is my electric motorcycle, which you can do like zero to 16 like 3.5 or something like that, right? It's crazy. So, and it tops off, I think, at like one 10, like it won't, it has a limiter on it. So you can't go faster than that. Yeah. And but I couldn't get at that speed. I would only get like 60 miles range, right? So that's, so that would be akin to you're taking something that maybe gives you good gains in the short term like maybe an oral, let's say, but you can't, it doesn't have good longevity. It doesn't have good duration, doesn't have a good range. Right. And I got my, my, the blitz team will be, my RV, which I named after my dog, my pup blitzy, who who passed one year ago yesterday. And I mean, getting that thing up to 60 miles an hour, you know, I take my time. I'm in no rush, it might be 20 seconds. I don't know. And it could maybe, it could go 100, I've never gone probably faster than 85. But so they would have roughly the same max speed. But I've got a 90 gallon gas tank in there. Oh. So I can, oh, you know, five, six hundred miles, no problem. So different drugs, slower gains, let's say in terms of the blitzy, poopy, ill, or an RV, or a big, a semi-irwood have you. And different ranges to how long you keep with it. So that analogy does apply, you know, to some degree. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay, let's see, uh, the remote. So what can we make in this? We're kind of getting close to the end here. It's certainly possible that need to, and a buckster, it's going to be cool and forgiven person. Is it likely, three or more AES would all be equivalent for him, person? That's a question for someone to maybe try to figure out. Once one is quote enhanced, this law-demonstration turns makes evaluating other steroids more difficult. We talked about that. You just can't, you know, the more, the bigger you get, the less the what you're going to see and you can't say, one was much better than the other. You're not going to get massive newbie like gains from adding a new drug in most cases. Under maximal dosing circumstances, at high max, well, dose could, and a buckster has be roughly equivalent. Yeah, we could have this ceiling effect that may limit max one apples. Remember, this is only a 10 day study with their ass, we just looked at. Right? Although, on the other hand, person specific side effects could limit the max dose. So in this case, some max and apples would not be equivalent. That might be side effects from an oral, let's say. So you just can't, you can't do two grams of an oral week. Right? For a very long and compare that with two grams of injectable. Yeah. Under more reasonable or lower dose in circumstances, your dose response curves may for some mean that different animal effects at reasonable doses, like this, like this, for us, it all study kind of suggest. We've got individual variation. And this seems to match the empirical reports, rows prefer a certain A, so we're others. Some guys like certain drugs over other drugs. So, and those, if someone's using three grams a week, they just like drugs, or maybe they're just a little bit, they're just highly motivated. So, but for people who are trying to do this over the long haul, most people have settled on stacks or drugs that sort of work for them. And there can be very reasons why they would get better results from certain drugs than others. So, stacking complicates things. They've got a couple more cool little slides. Given the unique pharmacokinetics and dynamics, it seems like that stacking any two or more drugs with different characteristics may be more effective than the same total dose of a single drug. It's possible. This could depend on the drug stack, the individual, and the dosages, staying below side effects, the stack drugs, for example, using lower doses of orals, avoiding polysysthemia and hypertension, could allow synergism. Yes, this is basically what the bro idea of a stack is. This is whole idea, right? This is not rocket science. So, since then, we have a high effect, high side effect oral, we want to compare that with a lower side effect test. And then we've got a lower effective, but less side effect. Well, so a lower effective side effect, a lower side effect versus the more effect of a higher doses type of drug, like what pre-most reputation is. This might be a drug that's better option for stacking. So, we've kind of created practical dose response curve. We've got a nebolism, this is a cubange what we just saw on the Boracid El study. And higher doses can be this x-axis, so side effects would limit your enabolism along-home. So let's say we've got maybe this is what we see for a high toxicity orals animal steroid. At the low doses, so on the left, here we're seeing pretty good dose response and eventually toxicity takes its toll. We just can't handle any more because you can't spell as slow without anodrol for whatever it might be. And then we might compare that with something like testosterone. That's maybe more potent, meaning in terms of its toll response, right? And slightly more sides than some other drugs, but it takes a higher dose before you start seeing these at the end here. So this is what the dose response might be for something like testosterone. And then we would have, oops, and my computer freeze up, there it is. And we have something like cream-o-mite look like for someone individual. This is just examples, right? So it's potent overall, that's kind of female has that reputation, but it's also less toxic. So you could take it out to higher doses and get your sort of max effect at a higher dose compared to something like testosterone, right? Because you could go to 1,500 milligrams of cream-o and not, you know, feel awful. And maybe use higher doses, but you eventually can have some toxicity, right? So this is how different examples and the reputations might fit into this sort of scheme of relative potency and relative side effects in a practical sense, right? So these were just impossible scenarios, these weren't suggestions, right? It's going to make sure that's known everybody. So the stacking complexity then becomes kind of fun. So we've got ideas of synergy and avalism with stacking of mental healths before toxicity or sectional actions. These could sum together, so the toxic could be additive, or seconder actions could counter side effects. So you could have compounding liver stress when you add a bunch of orals to a test, that's not a good thing. But maybe you can control estrogen actions by adding mass-drawn to higher test dose. This could be helpful, right? So this is the idea of some synergy or summation with enabalism that could work in your favor against you, depending on how clever you are with how you precincts together. We've also got the notion of mechanistic synergy. So multiple pathways of enabalism, a clasp mentioned as before, the classical injuries after a membrane interceptor, ester receptor, everything from that big diagram I had with all those factors interacting. We've got basically multiple pathways that were attacking with the different drugs to some degree. And this, of course, is why people would add things like growth hormone and insulin, et cetera, et cetera, as well, to get multiple antibody pathways to some with minimal side effects. So this would allow for them lower total doses, multiple pathways, and that would be better than higher doses with having redundant pathways. So using drugs that act in similar ways. So here we've got what I just showed you with these three example hypothetical drugs. And then let's say we were to take three drugs that stack well together. And we use the low dose of the first one. And we add a lower dose of the second one. And we're still doing well in terms of the slope of our dose response curve. And then we add our oral in there. So let's say those are kind of the same three drugs. If we look at where our single AAS or a single drug peak dose would be. So that's here, roughly here, for just to stostrome at this dose. That's our total dose of using just one drug. And we compare that then with the total dose of stacking three drugs. We then we've got some potentially marginal potentially substantial, basically we've got to the same anabolic effect. But we've got a lot less dose at your maybe third, maybe 50% of less dose. That's basically the idea of what effect that stacking could do potentially hypothetically again. Hey, I saw it in my own experience, man. My early cycles were testing, first, the deboling, then testing debol. And then test deck at in debol. And man did that shut me down hard. I had such a hard time recovering from the deck at. So I said to myself, you know what? Screw all this stuff. I'm just going to use hormones at my body produces. I don't like using the word bio identical because that's a type of compound specific. Right. It's a specific form of testosterone. But you could say, you know, bio identical hormones. I stuck with testosterone. I said, okay. So if I ran by a hundred tests, 400 deck, why don't I just run a thousand tests? It's going to be more or less similar dose. And I'll tell you what, man, I had the worst deck in my life from from that. It's like, my back was terrible. You know, and it was, you know, it was, it was that thought. I just, I never had used that much test. And man did I ever pay for it. You know, versus an effective stack, I could say combine test and say EQ, not get that same shut down effect. And at the same time, that's still able to bump that milligram up total, you know? Mm-hmm. Yeah. So I didn't put the scenario where you have. This was with, you know, being more concerned that looking for a lesser total dose. And sticking like the idea here, I kind of tried to represent this was that the slope of, you know, let me go backwards here. So we use a load of compound one, which keeps the slope where we want it pretty high. Load us a compound two. Load us a compound three. So our slopes high when we had each of those in. And those would be things that, for instance, if it's the pre-mo or the master on, that's, that's or master on probably is the more certain one. I think this is just sort of empirical data, but the best one to reduce estrogenic effects, then you might use master on, let's say. Here's when you get some, nabblins from there. Various combinations for various people, but you're using the load doses on the left side of this dose response curve. Below the side effects, when you're getting the most bang for your buck, getting the most from the least. Yeah. So yeah, that's what I was trying to present there. So move through this. I think we're at the end here. Again, just suggestions, not suggestions, just scenarios, just possibilities. Just like, don't do this and what's saying this is what you need to do. This is just educational material. So some concluding thoughts. It could be a potentially moved question. Like, is this just an academic question theoretical question? If you're really trying to answer it, this doesn't mean that there couldn't be some utility and stacking as we just discussed, right? It makes sense. But as far as knowing the answer, if one drug works better than the other, buy itself or what have you, or whatever variation of the question you're looking at, because your past cycles, we said, past cycles, future cycles using other AAS, this is going to blur your ability to valiantly make comparison. Like I said, you'd have to do repeated tests with long breaks and detrain in between, not going to do that, or maybe have twin studies, right? So you get two twins, right? And people are going to, those are tough to do. They've been done, but not in this context that I'm aware of. So practically speaking, most people are going to try new compounds and inch towards a personal ceiling based on their total dosage and willingness to push training and food, right? So everyone's going to have their own limits and it's going to be dependent on what they're willing to do and how well they're, how hard they're willing to push everything. You take someone who's going for broke, trains like an animal with eats like an animal, and pushes everything, drug wise. That person's going to make better gains so someone else, you might have the most optimal, but they don't want any side effects. They want to notice it all. And they train like a girl scout or boy scout or a cubs scout or whatever, don't offend any groups, right? They're not training very hard and their diet is crap. So the personal, you practically speaking, how you go about things may be much more important than whether or not this question has one particular answer and other. At the upper limit, you know, limiting factors can be drug tolerance, your budget, your motivation, at the lower level of dosing, consistency, nutrition, training, lifestyle, I'm going to play a bigger factor, right? So you may have a lot more variability to paint based on all the other things you do. If someone's just taken in massive amounts of drugs, right? That it could be an all drugs type of phenomenon, like this guy's so big, everything else it does is shit, but he's using two grams of stuff. And that might be why he's where he is. So for some people and this is the thing, you know, it doesn't have to be the same answer everyone. There may be some preferred or more bang for the buck compounds for some individuals. And for others, these sort of synergistic differences may be minimal and it may be more a matter of total dosage, right? And that's highly possible. That's that we see, I'll go back to the study, two versus three versus five times a week per training. There was one third of those individuals did better with higher volume versus lower volume. There was one third of them in individuals to a bit better the other way. And there was one third in individuals who were didn't matter. So it's very possible for some people, it's a matter of total doses, more than anything else. And some people may get some synergy that comes and some people may have one drug that works better than another. So there's various hospital answers. So ultimately your genics, great as for all I think, kind of a caveat to that to some degree, is that for the most part, though, any kind of combination above about 250, 300 milligrams a week, if tolerated will over time likely produce substantial gains over a netty condition, especially in older persons. You take someone who's 45 and you put them on 300 milligrams of test, most people are going to get something out of that. Most people. So we kind of know that, right? And it could be nanderloin as we saw or it could be test. One might be preferable in terms of long term, but of the short term, you know, you're going to see something over a natural condition. So pretty much whatever you use. And that's what we've seen in those studies that was ended earlier. So the last thing I'll say is, consider this, one of my favorite sayings, one of John Nettos favorite sayings, I love to call upon John's whisper, awesome. Get the most from the least whenever you can. I think that's the best way to go about it. If you're going to choose the enhanced route. So thanks for listening. Here's some dog picks I was in my presentation, dog pick. You know, Jesse, the new one. Jesse's in the middle there. Yes, she's underneath the desk here at my feet right now. And I will just a little Jesse monster. So that's it, my man.