What's going on, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Skip Hill. Andrew Barry, I'm Scott McNally. Oliver programming is brought to you by you. The awesome people at Patreon. Thank you, everybody, who's jumping in and taking part to help support the programming. Because YouTube's not what they are kind of, sometimes when they decide to. We're also brought to you by Trinutrition. You can use our code, thinkovertrinutrition.com. You can get some high quality third party test and supplements over there. If you're in the UK, you can shop with Strom Sports Nutrition for some good health supplements, really good blend, support max, that's one I suggest you check out. If you're on cycle especially, and of course, go to supplementsource.ca for Canadians. I saw the Granite Recovery product there. One of our listeners sent it to me for like 15 bucks because it was like a close-out deal. Yeah. So if you're in Canada, you can get a deal over there. Otherwise, you know what you can shop with, and Granite here in the US, and use Andrew's code. What is it? Very 10. Very 10. All right. So anyway, we're going to start out with a bunch of stuff, guys. If you want to take part in the next show, let me encourage you to comment below. We'll take your questions then. After this episode, we're going to need a bunch of questions. Today, we're going to start out talking about a topic skip has. This is something Andrew wanted to bring up. So we're going to drag up some coaching secrets from skip. Something to do with pulling out the carbs from your pre-workout meal. I feel like there's a Bible out there for bodybuilding dieting. And that is the last that's in the list of things. The first thing you don't do. Tell us about it. Add that to the list of things that I'm not supposed to do, or we're not supposed to do. Pre-wants carbs. Everybody is always wanted carbs, prior to training. Intri, I think, is a little bit different. So I don't want anybody to, they may listen. We're talking about carbs pre-workout and I think, they must think intros, but I think it's a completely different issue. Because of the depletion is going on. You're replenishing very, very quickly, same with EA's, intro to. Totally different animal. My argument has always been that the meal prior to training doesn't need to be heavy on carbs. For a couple of reasons. Number one in my own experience, I just don't function as well in the gym. When I say heavy, I don't mean 150 grams of carbs. But for myself, speaking for myself to give some numbers for perspective, I don't want even 50 grams of carbs, or 60 grams of carbs prior to training. I focus more on protein and fat at that. There might be some carbs. I'm not just trying to go keto and anti-carb, and I can't have any carbs in me. What I'm saying is I don't feel like I need this bolus of carbs prior to training, because it's going to help me to increase intensity, help me to excuse me, be stronger or anything like that. Plus, we all know that digestion takes place, not in 15 or 20 minutes, but over the next few hours. So that needs to be factored in as well. They get in the way for me. They disdain me. They kind of bog me down. I just don't feel as good. And the premise is pretty much this simple. The fuel used while you're training for anaerobic exercise, which is weight training, is glycogen. That's how you get a pump. So circulating, I don't feel, circulating blood glucose levels need to be high, going in fact, I think it's detrimental. For those people who, to even, though there's a hundred different ways for, you know, there's individual components, there's different methods that's fine, speaking for myself and my experience. That's why I don't agree with taking in high glycemic carbs or even, you know, shitty carbs prior to training. And yet I do think they're great post training, which is one of my rants that I fought myself to go on this last week on Facebook, because there seems to be a trend right now where people and trainers, I would say wanna be trainers, but some other trainers too, are kind of getting on this wagon, this bandwagon of, you know, serial is so, it's so 1999, it's just so, you don't need to get it. And posting studies about how to study it. Okay, you posted studies that it's not different. So if it's not different, then get off of the serial issues. What does it matter? Brought as it matter exactly, but that's another discussion. The point is, is the pre-workout carbs to me, I don't, I think they get way more attention than they need. And I think they're highly overrated. And I think I've heard you say the Andrew that you made a change too, and you saw positives from polling carbs prior to you. Did you pull all of them or just some of them? So when I had read your intense muscle post about it, this is going back 10 or 12 or 15 years maybe. Oh, and that's outdated now. Who would do something so old? Yeah, yeah. No, so I will immediately start a thing about it. I'm like, okay, well, if I'm eating enough carbohydrates specifically, my post workout meal the day before, I should have theoretically replenished my glycogen, and the glycogen I'm using throughout the day to, I was on my feet back then being a trainer, to walk around my day. I'm feeding my breakfast, my, my subsequent meals after that. So why would I need a big bowl of carbohydrate meal, especially if it's like you said bog you down during your training? Like for me, I want my stomach as empty as possible. And while I have that, back then I pulled on my carbs out, and I was just doing like maybe chicken and peanut butter, chicken and nuts or something. Today I do utilize carbohydrates, pre-workout, but it is my smallest carbohydrate meal to this day that I take in. Yeah, like right now my pre-workout meal is a cup of that 25 gram Greek yogurt, a scoop of weight protein thrown in, and 70, 80 grams of granola. You know, little untraditional. I know most people don't associate granola with the pre-workout food, but it digests so well for me that by the time I get to the gym an hour and a half later, my stomach feels like it's near empty, and I can do my intra and I can do my training and I feel great. You know, like we always talk about rules and I don't care like about any of these rules. It comes down to like what works for the client's digestion, for them to allow the habit, for them to be able to have the most effective workout. And if you're trying to slam 150 grams of carbs at someone, maybe a mixture of rice and some fruit, and some some easier to digest carbohydrates, that's still a big volume of food in your digestive system. You better believe it's gonna take more than an hour to digest that by the time you get to the gym and start moving around. And then you're sending mixed signals to your body, right? Your body's in rest and digest, but then your brains trying to tell your muscles to turn on the sympathetic nervous system, and that don't end well very well for most sure. Yeah, I also have blood supply for digestion. That at that time, your body is fighting because the blood wants to go to the working muscle. So digestion, let's be fair, how efficient can digestion really be, which is for a food, a solid food meal, while you're training, which is exactly why or the argument for intra nutrition, because it's so fast and you have a higher amount of fluid, which is funny, because then I think it's a good point to make. Intra workout nutrition is pretty important, but if you don't have enough water, those supplements are gonna sit in your gut and they're not the gastric emptying isn't gonna be as quick, you're not gonna be providing that quick. No, you're not supply or a simulation of the nutrients that you're taking in intra. You make a very good point to Andrew that I didn't even think about before talking about this right now. You touched on the time. I do something similar now too. I don't, my meal pre-workout is not zero-carb. It is one of my lower-carb meals, but here's the caveat. I don't train for about two hours after my last meal. And that's part of the digestion process too. Not only do I not want it in my stomach, but I want to have started to store, and so that I don't have those circulating blood glucose levels that are higher. Now, Kinoa, chicken breast, and pecorino cheese, as an example, is not gonna cause huge, huge levels of circulating blood glucose. That's not really my main focus at that point, but I think people who focus on taking in more carbs, I think they tend to think, they give it more importance, or they think it's more important than what it actually is for how their performance is gonna be in the gym. And I would argue that it's not gonna help at all, unless you didn't eat all day. And at the same time, it may actually pull and make your training slightly less effective. I mean, let's go to the most, obviously, let's just say that everything is equal, but your 20 or 30 minutes in your workout, and yet you go take a shit. Carbs will make you have to go to the bathroom. Gah, already lost it. Twice, carbs were demonetized. So that's her favorite. But the assword gets a god of it. Must be, it must be. It used to be the assword, but I have, you know, I've matured over the years, so now it's less offensive swear. But anyway, you get in 20 or 30 minutes, and what's gonna make you have to go to the bathroom to do a number two, more than carbs. Super fun. I mean, come on, it's, yeah, and then add a stimulant to it. We all know how that special is, you age. At any caffeine or pre-workouts, like, you just clinch and you're butt shakes to get into the bathroom. So, I don't know, I went off on a tangent, which I think I've been pretty good about, but we're waiting for it. We're waiting for the tangent. We had something else too. I know we're gonna ask Andrew, we had a question related to DC. Was there something else that we were supposed to get to? I think, I think it was gonna jump to somewhere else before we went there. Oh, here was a comment. That was really nice, skip jumped in on. Jonathan said, yep, my wife watches. She surprised me now and then with the knowledge that she has gained, and I was really nice and I said, that's awesome, man. And skip says, tell her I said hi. I said hi. I said hi. But you have to understand, I can't make. I overstepped my bounds last time that I made a comment about Jimmy Dean's sausage to a guy when I attended him. It was an avenue with his mom. It was, I thought hilarious. And I was mortified that he did not receive my humor, the way that it was intended. So now I've had to tone it down a little bit. I've got a segue, Scott, that, because skip started bringing up the social media post that he saw that we both kind of commented on. I saw that one too. I think. The post that Neil Hill had posted with a picture of Flex, the city, never ate cereal once. Never ate cereal once. He never did push pull legs. He, let's say those were the two main things he was saying. Sure. And he won Mr. Hill. He's had left. He never did lift in once or something like that. Which, okay. So my issue is that when, and I think the discussion, because then someone else, Phil Viz posted, made a post about high level coaches. And like what people in the industry associate with the high level coach. And I think the most people in our sport think of like names like Hani, they think of Chris Ascito, they think of Neil Hill, they think of, you know, those will comp you one coaches, right. And I kind of have a problem. Guru's, yeah, Farah, Ascito, Milos, you know, all those names, because... You still got, sorry. Yeah, but it got a laugh, didn't it? Thank you. That's all that matters. But I think you guys are going with this, because when people think of those coaches, they think okay, they work in with Olympians. And where I'm going with that is, okay, they're high level because they can work only with, or they work with these top Olympians. But could they take an average person? And I have yet to really see it. I've seen a pseudo-do a few. Can they take someone that looks like nobody and make them look like somebody? Because I have a problem with that high level coach, because in my mind, I think all of us are high level coaches in the sense that we work with more average people, but we bring them in the great shape. And we help with more people, period. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Because some of these high level coaches, I know for a fact, they take your money, they send you a plan, they don't respond to your emails for three months, and then they send you another bill for the next three months. Like, yeah, I can think of two to four of these guys. That happens. And I know none of us would ever do that to somebody. Ghost them, take their money, and then be like, oh, by the way, it's time to re-up when it's three months later, after not here. Yeah. So my issue with, and maybe some of our listeners and watchers can comment, what their opinion is of a high level coach, because I put one in my story, and I got a lot of good answers. And I guess going back to the Neil Hill post, which kind of urged me a little bit, was like, okay, what you're saying. You let it wasn't just me. Oh, no. Okay, so you're telling me you can work on a Ferrari, but can you work on a Toyota, and get great results on a Toyota? Can you work on a Dodge and get great results on a Dodge? Because most of the people that any coaches ever going to work with are more average genetic people. They're not these top 1% genetic freaks that grow muscle, regardless of what training program you put them on, regardless of the drugs you put them on. You know, it just kind of irks me when a quote unquote high level coach uses they're Olympian as an example. Now, if he was some Joe below, like, okay, so someone who looks like maybe Adwater, Cordura, right? Not the best genetic guy, but I would say Chris Acito has done a great job with him, and maximizing everything he has. He's got a lot of shortcomings with his muscle bellies, brings him in peel every time, right? I would say that's a better example of taking someone who is a little bit more on the average spectrum and turning them into a top 212 guy, versus taking someone like Samson who meelose has got a hold of and adding five more pounds to his frame when the guys are genetic, any of those coaches, any of us could work with him and make him look the way he looks. In my opinion. There was a time I didn't understand that and then I worked with one of those guys. And then I was like, oh, Scott Stevenson. So he worked with Dave Henry through almost David. That's a good example. He's a good example of taking someone from a regular and making turn him into somebody. Well, that's not what, no, I wasn't gonna go there. I understand Dave's a genetic freak, but I don't think he was like, he knows Scott. Here's what he tells us. Here's what Scott said. He said working with Dave Henry, he used the word Ferrari. He was like, it's like, we're gonna have Ferrari. You can just do anything you want and it's gonna work. He was like, he just, and it's not like Scott didn't really still have to work hard with him and invest a lot, but he was like, you just like, you can push him as hard as you want and it's not gonna stop. Like it's just, it's gonna work with Dave Henry because he is one of those guys. He had, I mean, he had his weakness as two, but he just like, no matter what, it's like, you couldn't go flat. You know, he just always was what he was, which is, I mean, the dude's still competing today, you know? That's what I was talking about with Phil. Have you ever seen him flat? Yeah, I asked this question because we're all gonna say no and the listeners are probably thinking the same thing. So then you have two ways to look at it. Hatties absolutely brilliant or Phil can't go flat or Phil's flat, a better way to put it is. Yeah. Phil can go flat for Phil, but it's still ridiculously and absurdly full that no one can tell the difference. So we don't know. Yeah, it's rare and I work with it. I work with only a couple guys that are like that. You can get it like even at their flat, yes, it's like damn you could still do pretty good, you know? Yeah. Exactly. And I think it's important to note though for the listeners. We're not coming on here to bash Niels far as him being a trainer. That's not what Andrew's saying. That's not what I'm saying or Scott's saying. Absolutely. What I'm saying specifically about what Erkeh me or what caught my attention to begin with with his with Niels post was the reference to the post work out serial. And the reason is this, the burger thing prior to a show Matt caught me. I've messaged him a couple times and I'm like, Matt, Matt, Matt, the one time I told him I said be careful that you're not disrespecting the people who came before you. And he immediately he was like, I'm so that's not what I meant. And when he explained it, I understood. And what he explained was it's the other people, the wannabe coaches who take what you did and what other people have done. And then they use it as their method. Like they have come up with it. And it's so popular now and it's used by so many people because it's arguably so effective that now it becomes laughable. And I told him I totally get that. But here's what you have to understand from my perspective. When someone like you, Matt Porter, post something like that, maybe think of all the people that I have worked with. And they may think that you're saying that that's a bad idea. And he said he's a perspective. I didn't think about it that way. And it was done and it wasn't an issue. So Matt's a very abstracted. It's an old-gen guy. Absolutely, absolutely. And that's with Neil. I want to say this. I'm not sure the context. And I posted this. I'm not sure the context that he was making. He may not have been bad mouthing it. I may have been just assuming that because the trend now is to bash these things like the postwork out cereal or burgers and picking for a show, it may not have been that. It may have just been him saying he doesn't do deadlifts and yet look at his back. He doesn't do push-pull legs. And this is the one that kind of push-pull legs is about, I mean, who can slam push-pull legs? But he doesn't do it. He doesn't do that. And he's still in the same with the cereal, obviously. He doesn't. He's basically, he might be saying, flex didn't do these things that everybody else does. He does yet. He created a world class physique. My argument would be he's a genetic anomaly. So like you said, Andrew, he can do everything different from everybody else. Phil Heath, I never saw the guy pull a dead ever in his life. I never saw him do a real smart. I never saw him do a real smart. He was doing a real smart. He would make noise when my camera came out and from the longevity DVD. And I turned around and looked him. The camera's not even on. And he laughed. So it's one of those things where the Paul Delets of the World and the Phil Heath. It's not that they don't train hard. It's not that they're not deserving of where they are. But I do insist that people look closer at the genetic component because there are a lot of people. Thousands and thousands arguably tens of thousands of people who have done everything right and will never threaten for a pro car, never this goes back to our conversations. We've had about how some guys can do fantastic with a little bit of gear. It's the same conversation. Absolutely. And it's also why it's hard for anyone to believe because who wants to admit in their hard hearts that it doesn't have to do with a work ethic or being consistent and just banging and outworking the guy, or outworking the other competitor or the guy next to you in the gym. None of us want to believe that. Hell, if I believe that I'd have never gotten. I'd have spent two years in bodybuilding. You know what? You're right. I suck at this. And I would have gone and done something else. There is a massive, massive genetic component. Yet at the same time, a lot of articles about this and I always make the analogy of a poker hand. We all are dealt. Our two cards in the hole. You still have the flop. You still have the driver. You have to play it out because in the end, if you play your cards, right, you can be the ace king in the hole. It's just that they have such an advantage going in. But you don't know what's going to happen over course of time. Shelby Starns always use him as an example. No one dusty. No one would have ever thought that these guys are going to turn, they're going to be pros. If you would have told me it was a pro, the first show you started trying to have been like, yep, next in life. Because I've heard that a million times over. But he did. And some people think, well, he outworked shitty genetics. No, he had the genetics to get there. He just had to kill it and he had to play his cards right and he had to put in the time and he had to bang bang consistently for a long time and he got there. Yeah, push pull legs. It's so awesome. Yeah. Yeah. No kid. Yeah. No. No. No. But it's bigger issue though. Well, I'm just going to say the bigger issue is I just hate when these quote-unquote high-level coaches that people associate with that term throw out these things without the glaring. You have a top 0.5% genetic freak in your stable. Okay. Like, let's start with that and then anything after that, like, we'll take that with a small grain of salt. Yeah. He could do hypers and get erectors. Right. Yeah. He's still working hard. He's still putting in the time. He's still bangin'. I'm not taking anything away from the guy flexes a cool guy. He was him. Let's see Arnold. We were going to the Arnold. We were on the same flight because we left out a Fort Lauderdale and we were the only two clowns who landed in what March, early March and Ohio was short time. And we laughed about it. Knowing full well, no one's going to understand. We just came from Fort Lauderdale and it was freezing. But in the point is, these and I said, I'm not taking anything away from him. What I don't like is I don't like when trainers don't understand that when they post something, especially high-level trainers like that. Without meeting to, it's kind of condescending and it's a shot sometimes at people who are still good trainers that don't do what you do because you don't have to do it. Or those things don't necessarily work for the genetic freaks. And it is day and night. We all know this. Working with the genetic freaks versus the average person who is fighting for every five pounds of muscle or is fighting to get ripped or fighting to get their glutes or lower back ripped when everything else is ready to go. All right. Moving on here for BSG. This is also from Patreon. Thank you very much, Jonathan. He says, I've heard pros mentioned that sometimes they stop losing fat during prep and half to switch things up. Is it just the rate of loss they mean or does the loss really stop? Is it possible for pro bodybuilders to hit a true wall in fat loss with all the aid of PEDs so much muscle mass in training does metabolic adaptation still occur? Thanks for your support. Good. I like that question. It's good. Yeah. That's a lot of good. I'm not sure if you're going to have a lot of good quality of the body, but I think with some of these freaks, you've got a much longer window or much longer road to drive before you hit some of those walls. I mean, everyone has genetic strengths. You have more average genetic people that also have a propensity to burn fat very easily. We all have some clients that you would have to struggle to make them fat in the offseason, right. But then you also have the other end of the spectrum where you have fast muscle gainers, but then for them to get in shape, you've got to start the diet at 30 weeks out and you've got to be on them from day one. Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses as we talk about more average people, especially. But, yeah, if you took a bodybuilder that was eaten 5,000 calories a day and you jumped them down to 1,000 calories a day, eventually they're absolutely getting a hit a wall in terms of metabolic adaptation. It's just how the thyroid works. Absolutely. The body wants to hold on to what it has. Like it's hard to go from, let's say, 200 pounds. You've been 200 pounds your whole life and you've been eating 2B 200 pounds to try to get to 220. You know, it's almost as hard to get to 220 as it is to get down to 160. There's pros and there's everyone else. And people are pros, not just because they, it's not a shoulder to waste ratio. It's not the shape of their muscles. It's not the fact that they get lean and shredded. It's not that the fact that they put on muscle easier than everybody else. Utilize gear and respond to gear better than everybody else. It's all those things. It was like, it's every, it's every. When you're a pro, you don't hold, you don't hold fat in your, in your lower back when you're ready to go everywhere else. It's not common. There are exceptions to the rule, but the very vast majority, which is, that was redundant. The vast majority of people, the vast majority of pros have those pro traits and those pro qualities. That's why they're pros. They still have to work hard. But the difference between the pros and the rest of us, our, our, our mirror mortals, is will work our asses off. Sometimes equalize as hard, sometimes harder and not be able to get into that same condition that pros are able to get into or not be able to put on the muscle that pros are able to get into. It's just, it's not like, oh, there's amateurs and then the line is so close to pro. There's amateurs and amateurs are down here around the two mark and then there's pros and they're up at the 12 mark. There is this huge disparity between the two. The only thing you can argue is the people who are amateurs and they're on their way to being pros. But again, going back to the dusty or the shallodies or the people, they fought and they got there. But how long did they take? A lot longer. Yeah. And I still say that those guys will work harder than the large majority of pros. We hear these stories all the time and Phil is just so easy. He's such an easy example for me to use because I knew him so well and I knew him when he was coming up from his first show and I watched the whole thing take place. That's why I was so supportive of him on the boards and got blasted. And everybody who had been at that level for 10 plus years was saying, oh, he doesn't have a back. He sucks. He didn't even Chris have a cost. Love the guy. But Chris have a cost at that level in Colorado for a while and Phil surpassed him and everybody else the rest of us in Colorado in a year. Nobody wants to see that. Nobody wants it to happen. It's hard to be supportive of that until it does happen and then even Chris is like all. There he is. He's really, he's good. I can't take anything from him. Eventually come around and you understand that they're just on a different level. And I will tell you this, Phil did not work Chris. He did not work Chris in if you took any five years that Phil was at the Olympic versus five years that Chris was an amateur and I'm just using these people who don't know who they are but I'm using it. Chris can be anybody. Okay. He did not work him. He didn't do it longer. He didn't do it any harder and yet he rained for years and it's arguably one of the best bodybuilders on the planet ever, hallelujah. I think that another kind of another direction here to look at too is I think I don't know whether Jonathan is a competitor or not. But I think sometimes when we hear a competitor be a pro or an amateur say hey, you know things weren't working I had to switch it up. There's a timing factor with doing a contest where let's say you're just doing like a hey I want to get in shape type you know non-competitor you know diet. Well if things aren't moving as fast it's not going to be as critical but if you have seven weeks and you're trying to time it up to make sure that you're on point to be there then maybe that's where things are like a little bit more critical that we make the changes when we need to make on you know what I mean. Sure. And methods will sometimes stop or he need to do need to mix things up there times where and I'm sure you guys have done it where you've got calories low things are slowing down you're refeed you skip load whatever you do these things you add cardio and the progress doesn't seem to be there and you increase calories and all of a sudden the calories in the regular diet and then all of a sudden the metabolism is taking over. There's a there's a huge component that is misunderstood about prep dieting and even for some people who struggle to get fat loss you know max fat loss who don't compete and that is sometimes you have to bury the metabolism and then build it with by adding calories and people struggle with that concept because it seems so counterintuitive it's not counterintelious we leaner just are having calories it leaner and carbs weeks out they're like 12 weeks out they're like but I'm only eating this many calories now what's going to happen later you know I just say I don't know I can't I don't have crystal ball like because like we talked about last episode you know the post show phase being reactive will prep as just as reactive too right I mean how many times do you you got them on a plan they're losing two pounds a week everything's one good your your check-ins are so easier like great awesome keep going no changes you know and then you have like two check-ins in a row where they're up the way or they're looking softer or whatever might be absolutely you got to make changes I think sometimes people think that like you start a diet that diets gonna be the one you're on from point A to point B to get there and as you do more and more preps as a competitor you know you're gonna find oh wow we made 15 diet changes this prep where we made 25 diet changes this prep including you know refeeds or complete diet changes in terms of you know pulling carbs and increasing fats or whatever it might be and that's where you know a good you know diet technician or coach comes in handy because they can see those things they've had experience working with other people in those situations and they have maybe not the one thing that they need to do but they have in their back their mind okay there's probably three or four things we can do here I think this is the most common route that or this is the most advantageous route for this person they put them on there if that's not working okay we're gonna go with a different route so there's a lot of that inter dialog that goes in on inside a coach ahead when they're you know looking at a client's plan looking at the client's progress analyzing how many weeks out we are how many weeks they need to be in a contest shape so there's all these different things that are going on through your mind as a coach and as a competitor and you just gotta be able to extrapolate and and wait through that information. Great and as a client you need to trust the reason that you went with that trainer to being in with and if you don't trust them you gotta wonder why you went with them. Well I mean here to the thing you know because when someone looks at our Instagram pages or you know our websites with the you know hundreds of clients that we've gone in shape you should feel pretty confident that okay like if I'm not getting in shape with this person you know a first am I doing something wrong am I miscounting something and am I doing something wrong is an athlete but b or is there just something wrong with this prep meaning the coaches try it all these different things maybe it's just not going to work this time that's very rare but like I mean I can tell you right now I've pedopold people out over the years where it's like nothing we're doing is working right now we need to like rebuild and start over and look at a different contest. I'd like to take a moment to say thank you to our supporters thank you to the people who have helped us make this show continue to come out several times per week. So number one thank you to our Patreon subscribers and if you know one of our Patreon subscribers you can thank them directly because they're the biggest driving force right now that's helping to support this show. If you want to take part in Patreon we could use all the help we can get we vote with our dollars and I want to say thank you to everybody who is voted for us. Also I want to say thank you to our advertisers you guys have directly supported what you're doing you believe in us and I only work with advertisers that I believe in too shopping with them is shopping with us. Use our code think at true nutrition shop with strong sports nutrition in the UK and shop with supplement source.ca in Canada. I'm happy to talk and give you insight on any other products or if I don't know I can direct you to somebody that will appreciate you guys tuning in and thank you for all your support. Let's get back to the programming. All right John has one he says a longtime listener and Andrew's old client. Reneri. He hired you, Andrew. He did. He's actually John's a good coach himself now. He he coaches a bunch of athletes both competitors and non-competitors and he looked really good I saw him at Eastern USA's. He didn't come in the way he wanted to because I think the coach he had at the time did something where they had done it before and it completely flopped and he made him do it again. He was reminded him, hey coach we did this. This is the look it gave us. It wasn't good and but then he went on to national. He looked pretty good. Okay. Let's see if this ties in because it's about contest. Preppy says it was wondering each of your thoughts and when trying to make a weight class judgment how much should you be typically over the cap before deciding to die it down. Let's say for a national show for example. If you want to make middle and make the first call out prep should should you start at say 220. So it's ain't how heavy should you be maybe before you get into a show for a particular weight class because that made that varies big time because let's say you're someone that doesn't get like John Meadows for example. The guy like I say this all the time but he started a contest prep and the kind of shape most competitors will get into one stage. If you know what I mean like he's peeled. So for him his variation of weight was like three to five pounds for a diet right. Where as you know you'll see a lot of I've seen this too and I think Gary Turner's talked about this. This Gary was a heavyweight at like 223 to 24 from North Americans in 2020 he had been as high as like three 15 in the offseason leaving up to that and I think that was when he realized I just can't do that anymore it's not producing positive gains for me on stage and then I think he stayed much tighter after that and he's been a super heavyweight ever since then and a good super heavyweight he made first call out I believe at North Americans and USA's that year in 2021. He looked he looked as fast to then too you know. He did him on the show we had him on the show we talked to him. Yep he used the 220 mark. Oh go ahead. No no I said enough you go ahead. Why say the 220 he used the 220 mark for the middleweight and he cut off the 176 so you know my response would be this some guys can be a 220 and make the cut off and look crazy and other guys started 220 and they'll struggle to get to 176 and not look overdicted and have a hard time filling them out and peaking them so it is it's incredibly random there isn't a ceiling to say oh that's bit I would say this if I had a middleweight who was say below the national level they were 220 and they had to come in at 176 I'd be like we got work to do bro like we got a lot of work to do and we need to get on it. Right now that's a 30 week break. Yeah we have no time to lose like this is it we needed to start yesterday. Can I I think but John's really asking here is when you are let's say you're looking really good at 180 but the middleweight cutoff is 176. Do you make that decision to stay as a light heavy because that's your best flow? That's what I initially thought well because we talked about this because we talked about this. But with that cutoff be like how many pounds over the weight class are you are you think you're saying? Yeah that's what he's really asking because we've had this we kind of had that discussion in the day before the show when he wasn't really happy with I think the program he was he was running into the show the protocol going into the show and again I think that's a judgment call because if you have an athlete that no matter what you do they don't go flat I think you absolutely push for the middleweight's right because they just don't go flat the muscles around like a fill he type the type of physique like you said his flat is something that we can't even see we can't even tell because he's still full. Whereas if or somebody that the minute you are a pound lighter than your best weight whether it's fluid loss or glycogen depletion and you look like a completely different athlete you look stringy like myself that's a case you go your best look you go to your best look whether it's 180 you stay with that 180 I think and you write it in and and you take your chances in a light heavy and I'll say this because a lot people are so obsessed with weight as an amateur most the time I was the lightest super heavyweight in my classes but I was also the most peeled super heavyweight in my classes and I never lost heavyweight class because we brought that conditioning and because that in an ever and I looked at the pictures because I'd analyze them because of it man this guy's got 20 pounds on me you know how do I how do I beat this guy at 240 and he's 260 you're 259 or something when you are bone-dried peeled and full you will look just as big as someone that's 20 pounds in a little less dish okay just a full minute shape the the illusion of it you will look every bit as big as that person next to you so I say always go with your best look unless you're one of those genetic freaks that never loses its fullness never loses and the guy who lost to you and he was 26 year 250 he's still complaining about it on social media because he was so much bigger than you after reality is you outworked him and it's there's nothing more disappointing to me I don't care what the level of the show when people have the muscle in the shape and they cannot do the work in that class sometimes in the heavy heavy's too well sometimes in all classes but I see it more in the super heavy they that is such a size and those guys at that level in that they cannot stand to lose three pounds so they are seeing themselves in much better condition than the mirrors actually telling them they are and then they can't figure out whether they don't win the other thing that I think needs to be mentioned about what weight class to go in when it comes down to the wire those last couple weeks is the level of the show and how the show is set up based on the way in versus when you're going to get on stage away in the night before and getting on stage next day is completely different than a national show where you might have two two and a half days to fill out true I mean you could get you know I'll put it out here I in a situation where I have two two and a half days I do want to pull most people down because I'll get you dry and then I'll load you and fill you out and add fluid back and you're not going to lose condition you're just going to get better and better over those those two two and a half days that's a completely different story than if you have to weigh and I remember you know I'm old enough to remember when you were weighing in the morking you're the pretty close like me too yeah you had to be ready to go it's also different I think you guys would agree it's different at the national level because you've got guys who are arguably almost 20 pounds heavier in those bigger weight class but they only suck down to get into those guys so then they go pro and everybody's like oh he gained 25 pounds well he may not have he may have just not done the ridiculous and absurd things that he needed to do to get underneath the cutoff for that weight class let's just play a game and this is completely fictional let's say you had to weigh in the morning off which nobody does anymore and it's not a national show then and you got to make Steve's shows a lot of Steve shows up here in the northeast you still weigh in the morning do you still okay let's all all in between eight nine a.m. and then your pre-judging is either ten or eleven a.m. so you got a middle weight you got a middle weight okay he's 177 do you would you make the decision to say hey yeah let's go to 176 this is this is they are got multiple questions here but it would it be would it be worth it for the one pound to weigh in okay so being I think all of us are coaches at the level where we can talk to the promoter be like hey how many middle weights you got how many of these got like we can play that game and get a little insight as to like oh is the light heavy and shape no okay I'm staying like heavy you know I mean I think you can play that game a little bit but I think all of us all all of us knowing that like they're really close I'm maybe I'm just speaking for myself but I think all of us would like to have that person at 176 like two days before right it out so that they're so insensitive and ready to load that at the minute you weigh in you can start feeding them so it's not like a suckdown you know what I'm saying so 177 you can work with it that was my first question yeah 78 where do we draw the same thing when I'm saying where do we draw the line you know what I mean on that yeah I get your point I think it's a good point but if it's a few pounds I'm I'm gonna do it because I think that the chain but again we may use different methods too where if I'm but let's let's say this okay let's throw something else in here I say yes if it's a few pounds I might even go as high as me I don't want to know if I want to go that high but in point being is if you're gonna get them down and then you're gonna load the the loading that I would do I have to take into consideration something else too because of the loading method I use if they are prone to distension then I have to take that into consideration because I can't throw off the shoulder to waste ratio and have them potentially distended from loading so people can handle loading like let's say it's a you know a Phil Viz type guy with a smaller waste oh yeah and I would even use um manny as an example you know with the with the 212 I would definitely have done it with him because he can handle larger amounts of food and he will assimilate them in his condition will change very very quickly in say a matter of a couple hours and that's really I mean what he need you need a couple hours yeah depends on the person again how about this what's the most you pulled off of somebody let's say the the weigh-in was like let's say it's a Saturday show national show Friday morning was the weigh-ins for for the men like a 10-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a national let's say North America okay okay um we're just you know what's the most you pull off for someone in a night I guess we can say a night I don't I would tell you this I have heard numbers from Matt and I they always made me uncomfortable I was not as aggressive as he was but I could but now it depends on the weight class too but let's just say it's a light heavy I would if I had to like I if I saw someone that I thought you just have to be here it's just it's the difference between winning and potentially getting you know sudden almost said your A-B but I caught myself saying getting better so which has no impact when you say when you're getting your A-B your A-B but anyway if I have to I would pull man I pull I'd pull A-dish when you start to get up around 10 I'm getting a little nervous yeah I'm getting a nervous because that has snutch and impact but again national level you're pulling it and then you have the time to go back for a couple days so in this case I'm saying you had you had the rest of Friday to feel it because I actually have a real world situation and you guys might be like holy crap how do you do you do so weighing in Friday morning? Friday morning shows on Saturday morning yeah depending on the person I could get a little bit more aggressive with that I thought we were still on I thought we were going national show weighing in the morning and even though that doesn't happen it was still yeah you know the point of okay but yeah I mean eight to 10 pounds getting up there higher it's going to depend on the person and how they're going to be on the lightweight so lightweight one 59 that's going to be obviously forced 154 so it's going to be a different story okay what's the most you think you could pull off them so I would say this for for a guy that was bigger I was thinking light heavy to a smaller heavy I would say I'd feel comfortable with seven pounds I'd feel comfortable with that and I feel like I try to play shit stuff I broke the rules I love what he's doing I try to play things really conservative so I think the the the time that I pulled the most was with that guy classic competitor Joe Russo and I I know I told you about this Andrew where he need to be 200 to get on stage in classic and at about it was under two weeks out he was at like 222 and we were eating like just fish and veggies see that's hard and we've been doing that for a while dude we went to the gym together and when we went out because I didn't see him in person every day but I did see him in person we're standing outside of the gym and he was chewing gum and I was looking at the striations and his cheek dance that day and that was two weeks out 222 he's right in shape so yeah he was like he was ready to go and we what I ended up doing was we like basically had to starve him in so I could get him close enough and then I think maybe we pulled like five six pounds at the end to get him to make way but we still had that was like Wednesday for you know Friday show so I would say if I'm saying a heavier guy seven pounds I might feel comfortable with a lightweight it for honestly so not 13 and a half did you do 13 and that's I figured you were gonna be okay we do so the reason why I'll give you reason why because this guy was because there are always variables and it's all we knew he was competing in both classic and open body building okay yeah and we had a data fill out which I wasn't too worried about because he didn't really ever go flat but yeah we sucked off a little more than 13 pounds off and I'll say we only use one die as a okay okay five milligrams and he won the double pro card he he got the classic and he got the lightweight body building which was pretty pretty pretty what's his name should I say it because I said I did say oh yeah never mind never mind I was gonna give him a shot I mean he wouldn't he wouldn't actually he wouldn't mind he wouldn't mind he's his name is hemorrhage malai he's from aruba and that's one of the only shows that people from outside of the country can compete in the north americans which is why we had to do that one and and because he was doing classic as well that's why we had to do we had to get him down to that that the weight limit and we had to we had to basically make sure he made the light the lightweight classes well so what time did you you had to weigh in on Friday compete on Saturday I would do it was like he was on stage probably around two o'clock on Saturday and then what do we know and I'm Friday like after not a say I want to say it was between two and four okay so what did you where did what was the game plan then after you guys made weight and what in what did he weigh like how close was he oh like 153.9 you guys like you know right where you right where you want to be to make way you know that that year went with Joe I went out there with him we brought a scale with us we literally because like a five hour drive six hour drive for Tisha Kago so we literally went and like a truck stop bathroom and he peeled down and we weighed him and we're like okay you can have a little bit of water you know you got a sip of water yeah I had this guy literally we were doing sauna sessions like all day because I don't like to use you guys no I don't like to use a lot of diuretics and not that the sauna is that much safer than you know but we did use we we alternated 20 minute sauna sessions with 10 minute cold showers and then repeat and then do it again and we did that chewing gum spit and all your spit out you know if we gave many food it was like an ounce of chicken and like up our upheaval broccoli you know just to hold his hunger over enough and and I think we did a lot of caffeine just to try to control his hunger with stimulants that day so he probably didn't feel very good but he looked amazing and it worked I mean I should have said he gone into it because I know you you would have paid attention like I did had he gone into the higher weight class what do you still got the pro care I don't think so I don't well I'm trying to remember who won the I can't remember that is back in 2016 or 2017 but I remember at the time being like okay this was a good move because he also got to do the classic because I think that the classic number was still was 154 as well for his height so we knew that that was the magic number that we had to hit and because otherwise I probably would have thrown him in the next class up but now I think I probably still would have done the light the light weights because it was just what you did how bad did he rebound oh now he was good I mean he was maybe good I think we probably put him on stage you know at 161 162 and then like the following week I think he was only up to like actually I think he was lighter I think he was back down to like 157 or something this guy was like dedicated like on the program doing the reason I asked that is because some of like yourself you know and I'm sure all three of us we would be careful maybe even more careful coming off of a show like that knowing what is in store if you just go off the rails and it gets very very dangerous and just it can be not so all the bodily system that's a good point I think we probably all like have that discussion people if we use any type of dioratics or any type of drastic water drop situation that hey like we need to treat the post show especially these first three four days just like we did lead in into this we're gonna do my crotchanges we're not you know we'll do a free meal the night after the show and then I want you to get up into cardio we're gonna do a probably a lower carb day and maybe one more free meal for dinner and then we're back on your money really prepare him like beforehand you're saying yeah yeah but I mean but with someone who's doing a national level show who's done several national level shows and who also just got their pro card I think like that mindset of like okay like I can stick with the program another five weeks and you know really ease out of this type of condition versus letting it all go so so his positive story is everything I don't know what somebody yeah you so I know that he get in there with a fork and dig it out not a spoon a fork one of those old I was gonna go a spark and it would have been the funnier but it was a good funny very specific like you'd like get something you've done you know I mean it so how long ago was this this was a 16 or 17 I remember he's a competed since oh yeah he's done several pro shows yeah he got what he got second or third at the masters was it called the masters worlds in this book yeah I think the year after that because he's a smaller classic guy he's done let's see if we done Tampa I think um what else did we do he might have even done Tampa when I did it last year now I think about it but there was 40 something guys it's so you get lost in the shuffle there but yeah no he's done well since then he runs his personal training in coaching business down in a rubestill and I think very successful we haven't connected since then but I think in the last year too but fear wants compete again I think he knows I think he'll call me got one more here got time for one more actually we had more guys if we didn't get to your question please comment again we'd love to get to him but we just out of time macy Clark one of the several female listeners we had a bunch of ladies you asked for the females to come in and in fact like I think where was this we had even like look at this two back to back from teen page they're both like hey we're female listeners so there's a bunch of them she said um question for the next blood sweat and gear I want your opinions on uh when you look at increasing protein versus carbs and fats I've traditionally only been around four ounces across six meals in prep and off season the only time my protein was ever increased was many years ago and it was increased to six ounce portions across five meals I believe it would have worked out well but my carbs got so high so quickly in addition to the higher proteins that it ruined my digestion um y'all see many women under 140 pounds um every work ever work better with uh higher amounts of protein and keeping carbs and fats more moderate as a strength in adding tissue okay so to basically okay so so when do increase protein versus carbs and fats yeah is that basically the overall just absolutely um with a female competitor so I mean I feel like guys uh protein and takes for the most part are fairly consistent with weight class in general overall you know across the board women I find a little bit more variety like I'll have a lot of women somewhere in the 145 range of grams of protein per day I've got several women that we get up as high as 200 grams and I think the biggest driver for that is digestion um and the other thing I want to point of a protein and I know I know Justin Harris pointed this out like 20 years ago that you know we think a protein is just building muscle but the vast majority of your protein gets burned as energy right because if you do the math on it let's say let's say you're just eating 100 grams of protein 365 days a year that's you know 3 but 3,650 grams of protein if you do that weight into math you didn't put on that much uh that same amount of muscle you know what I mean so a gram of protein that in your intake does not equal a gram of protein accumulation in terms of muscle mass absolutely so where does it go right where does it go it's burned as energy through gluconeogenesis so I think that's the important thing to remember that you know increasing protein doesn't necessarily mean it's going to increase your muscle mass and in in a lot of cases it might be a detriment to your muscle mass because of the effects on your digestion okay um but in terms of like increasing protein I think you know coming out of a show I think we look at or I look at I want to increase carbs because usually those are the ones that we've been deficient in the longest so I want to increase fats a little bit because those usually don't fall in nothing but they're also deficient compared to their offseason and then once we get to that point I do start to increase protein a little bit but it's not a fat it's not like a 4 ounce to a 6 ounce portion it might be 4 to 4 to half ounce portions or it might mean like you know I guess I call it like sneaking calories in like instead of you know a 3 ounce chicken meal maybe we go to like a 25 gram Greek yogurt you know which adds an extra what 4 grams of protein and you do that you know across the board instead of 3 quarters of a cup of egg whites now you're going with like you know a whole egg and a whole cup of eggs as the diet progresses in the half season so it's just these microchanges of protein in terms of like when to do it I find it's more it just kind of happens as a result of the diet changes because you know no athlete or no one very few people can stay on the same exact six meals for the rest of their lives you know especially in the offseason you get to point where you're like hey four meals a chicken and rice a day just aren't working for me anymore so okay what can we do I call adding fun foods right so like I gave you an example about my pre workout meal using some Greek yogurt way protein and granola that goes down so easy it tastes good it covers the same amount of macros that the chicken and rice I would have had and it's more palatable so I enjoy it I digest it better and I'm ready to go train when I want to go train so I think you kind of make those decisions and protein goes up as a side effect not necessarily as a as a as a as a as a as a purpose I guess it's more of a side effect of the the diet changes you're making overall and I think her question to was based or asked more around the fact that she's female so I would ask other questions um gear use no gear use if gear use what gear use I think you put the vision or you did change what what the vision are you competing in I'm sorry she's women's physique okay see I met her at the national's okay so these things uh factory into I'm gonna go on record as saying this I don't care that a woman or that a client is female or male it doesn't carry much the division the gear use there's their amount of muscle mass that factors I'm not saying that you do and I'm just saying I'm going on record as saying that I don't it doesn't matter to me as an example a guy who would have the same or roughly the same body composition as a female the as far as protein intake and stuff like that aside from other variables that maybe in there too it may be comparable um increasing I completely agree with you that there isn't anything that I can think of with myself in my clients that would be black and white where I could go oh yeah protein needs to be increased right now it's almost kind of a gut feeling which is funny because this needs to be mentioned I think a lot of experienced coaches in my opinion and and I know it sounds like a little bit of a cop-out but there are gut feeling like and those gut feelings are based on your experience without you sitting sitting there methodically thinking okay this so this and that because of that we don't do it's kind of like judging we don't go oh the the biceps his biceps are just so much better kind of giving two points here it's a total thing that just registers in your brain because of your experience you know whether it's good or not or whether it fits together and I don't think it's any different when it comes to coaching as far as dieting and skin certain these are things that sometimes I struggle to explain you know the analogy explain it from a logic standpoint but I get where you say it's good the analogy I use is you know if if you're in the car you and say you're an experienced driver and you've got a new be driver in the passenger seat there are times that you can tell them why you changed lanes but sometimes right a lot of times you're not even thinking about it you're just changing lanes because you know that that's the best thing to do and it's based off of your level of experience as a driver. Yep very good very good good good good one yeah I think of one situation where you would want increased protein and that's if someone is really hungry but you do not want to increase the other macro nutrients and because protein is much more satiety affects satiety affect then carbohydrates and fats would so you know maybe increasing the gram of or an ounce of protein several meals a day will help start off that hunger and allow them to continue to progress in the diet because we also know that protein the energy burn to digest and transport protein is more than the energy burn to digest and transport carbohydrates and fats so there's a thermogenic effect of protein as well so I think maybe that might kind of play into it a little bit when you know when someone is like hey like I'm starving I'm starving yeah not necessarily as a true contest prep because I'm a true contest prep you like it is what it is and we have a couple of water or something you know like sorry like I'm not going to change my pace off your hunger level but you know maybe a general client a general population person like man I'm just starving all day things are going pretty well you're like okay well let's increase you know 15 grams of protein throughout the day and see if we can get away with that versus adding more you know bulk carbs or something like that and you know what I've noticed too I don't know if you guys are to agree with this or not but I feel like if we look at carbs fats and proteins I feel like adding as long as it digest well adding more protein is probably going to have the least negative effect on the physique like we're not likely going to like oh we overdid it now you're fat because we added some extra protein versus carbs and fats maybe not the same story you know we're on the side of protein because it's going to be used as glucose if you if you need it where carbs are not going to be used as protein if you need it yeah yeah yeah that's a great that's a great analogy I also sometimes though and you guys might do this too like if we're if we're stall down on a diet I might pull like 20 grams of protein replaced with 20 grams of carbs and it does have an effect in terms of fat loss quite often and then helping person progress so yeah so again I think it's that intuition that skip was going to and and your analogy of kind of a well I'm switching lanes here and I can't really explain to you why my intuition just tell me that's the right thing to do and that's the way the road and that's what we're doing come all said that he when he first met Chris aceto when we interviewed him the other week that it was early on he'd reached out to Chris and he's like yeah I don't know if you remember me and you know he's I'm not making the progress I want to what do you suggest I do showed him his diet and Chris was like bring your protein down and he's like that's what I did and he was like boom got what I wanted out of it so what's funny you mentioned just in hair is talking about the conversion of protein because it was years ago that he remember everything yeah he was very in the new remember this too he was very adamant that it is and in fact I I'm pretty sure I got this from him because I still think about this on occasion that the protein can be too high and as soon as you may lower fats and you may lower carbs but then you may the change of lowering protein all of a sudden everything kicks in and but yet at the same time there's nothing that are very few things that will make a client more nervous closing in on a show you drop their protein true they think they just feel like pack man's coming in and it's just going to eat up all their muscle dots in the next week or two and generally it was like the one thing they could depend on when you change everything else yeah yes yeah because typically protein's going to be static almost from you know day one of the diet within you know the the trace proteins that are in carbs and fats and yeah sources but but your your six ounces are eight ounces of chicken and your whatever steak and your protein that's pretty much static all the way through but how about this because um I know I could never ever follow a Chad Nichols diet plan because I don't know if you guys have ever seen them but like there's like five 12 ounce steak or chicken meals per day and like I mean okay maybe I did do this kind of when I was younger because I didn't I didn't count macros or anything like that but but like you know I I talked to guys that are in their 30s that work with which Chad Nichols and um you know like I'll do a test diet is killing me like you know I mean I'm eating 600 grams of protein a day I'm eating you know whatever carbs because they're still high carbs and high fats as well but they're like 600 I know personally digestively um I just couldn't handle that well when you were talking about eating more meat more food in the on your non-training days I was gonna say this but that I just there was so much going on I decided not to the Ron Ron partloat has talked about when he worked with Chad for a prep he said he has never eaten as much food to bulk and grow as he did when he worked with Chad and that Chad had him doing that that his officer his non-training days were so high because he literally couldn't train with how much food he had to stumble I believe it I believe it but then I wonder is the efficiency of the diet not that good meaning like if you can get a guy to grow off 350 grams of protein progressively why do we need to have that extra 250 grams in there well you take a pro like Ronnie that you can't you know you can do anything with you can do anything so it looks like a guy like Chad you can you're gonna test you're gonna test those limits yeah you know you know that's true you really are yeah I don't think Chad is going with the average person yeah because then it gets back to the the guys I talk that I'm talking about the worker Chad or average guys right and they're not making Ronnie gains no you know no offense to them and they know that you know so yeah I mean I guess it goes back to our argument about pros can assimilate food they can assimilate gear they can assimilate muscle at a much better and faster rate than the rest of us we have to watch it I think in the offseason sometimes because I've I've seen it myself where I've pushed somebody too hard then it was more food than their body was willing to process just because and you know where it's been I've done it a couple times with people that I've worked with longer term and we've just decided like you know what let's really push this offseason and see what happens you know see what happens if we really go for more and the lesson I learned out of those two times is that you know that we do as as normal humans we do have our limits you could take a guy like Ronnie or you know a guy like Dusty isn't I think it that's where he excels Dusty could eat a lot and he could still just assimilate it I don't think that everybody can do that and sometimes we have to respect that our bodies are only gonna grow so fast as moral humans you know and at the same time you don't know until you try exactly yeah you came away with that client you know after doing it a couple times going okay this doesn't work but at least you went down that path to find out because maybe he would have been able to assimilate more food as you not tried yeah yeah it's a lot of table you know and I mean as something that yeah it's not I'm not saying I wouldn't ever do it again but you know it was a lesson learned you know all right I won't be going to my grave going I sure wish I would have tried that to get you. Yeah all right over we are out of time guys we appreciate everybody hanging out with us and everybody tuning in like I said before if you want to take part in the next show we're gonna need questions so definitely comment below and of course check out our sponsors Trinutrition.com user code think supplementsorice.ca and Canada of course strong sports nutrition for those of you in the UK patreon I appreciate the heck out of you guys thank you for everything you do over there of course you can reach out to us for coaching go to bodybarry.com to reach out to Andrew team skip.com reach out to skip hit me up it McNally diets at gmail.com and yeah that's it so we got for you skip you want to do decent rant you got you got to rant a little on this one it's hard when I don't swear yeah it's sad it's hard I don't think that I swear once I don't think so you you did better than me then bullshows just saying for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys we'll see you soon thanks for everybody in the livestream youtube demonetized me