Okay, so here's the deal. I figured that a bunch of you guys were not able to make it to the Arnold Classic, and some of you have never been to an actual before, and I know what it's like. Sometimes you only get like a week off vacation time per year. You have to schedule that ahead of time. Are you going to go to the Arnold? Are you going to do something with your family? You know, I get it. We can't all make it. So my thought was, I've got this awesome opportunity that I'm getting to go. I'm getting to hang out with mutant and shoot podcasts all weekend. I need to shoot a bunch of behind the scenes stuff and share it with you guys, specifically for those of you that weren't able to make it so that you can have part of that experience too. Now, for those of you that did make it and you stopped by to say hi, thank you for that. You guys literally made my freaking weekend. That was so cool. So anyway, don't get too excited. This is mainly just cell phone footage, but like I said, I wanted to share it with you to share the experience. So thank you to mutant for having me along. Thank you to Big Ron and Dusty for letting me into your world. And it's an absolute blast doing this stuff. And thank you to you guys for stopping by and saying hi. And thank you to all of you at home who watch our programs. All right. So for anybody coming down to the Arnold, we're looking forward to meeting you. Yes, we are. Yes, we are. Come see us and say hello. Where we just trained here, Dusty. Metro was Metro Jim Metro Metro. Metro Fitness. We're in 10. Yes, much of fitness. Where is it? Awesome. Check it out if you want to avoid the riff raf and just want to have nasty work out. And let's see. What's up guys, at the mutant booth here in Lear, setting up. This is going to be the podcast space for the weekend. This is freaking all or this is going to be awesome. They've got a four way booth this year. So you can see the truck. It's got a bunch of stuff going on over here. They're doing their challenges. They've got merch on the other side. And then this is us. I just have to get it set up now. What's up, Jamie? How you doing? Good. Good. I'm so excited to see. I want to ask you all sorts of questions. But I feel like the questions I want to ask you have signed like a non-disclosure. That's what I may be, you know? Yeah, I don't really have to say. I'll tell you. Yeah. I don't. Don't. I'm just standing my toes. It's just going on. I'm just going on. I'm going to put my squat down here. What's up guys? What's going on? What's up guys? What's going on? I'm really, really happy. I just got a minute. I'm going to see you, man. Right. So we recorded with Dre Young earlier. And we're getting ready to record it again. We've got Jamie over here. And of course, big ride. Dusty will be here. And I'm over here. Controlling all the buttons. We got a camera here. Another camera over there. And we are set to go. All right. So we're getting ready to record another podcast. We've got Jamie over here. It's going to hang out with us. And I'm going to have this thing as ready to go. I'm going to have a bunch. It's just like a podcast and marathon. It's so far. It's only Friday. Tomorrow, we're going to be freaking packed and packed. That's day one in the books, buddy. What did you think? It was really good. It was a little bit more in 2019 by today from Friday. Because you know, last couple years, Friday's been a little quiet. It's Saturday's been decent, but we didn't fully recover from the event until I think this year. This year's been good. So what's going on back here? Where are we right now? We're in the top secret, back room of the moon. You know, we got our system there. We're running on the video. Yeah, so we got so, you know, a bunch of our videos on an SD card and they're playing on the TV's right. And one of the little trailers that we have is the whole history of mutant. So it's like everything that mutant's done from the beginning of kind of the YouTube age. So there's a bit of eclipse of rage and like everyone that's ever been immune is in this trailer. And we're playing some of our other videos, you know what I mean? So there's lots of kind of seem for the outside. What are all these boxes? These are all the shirts and the product for selling. And hopefully by Sunday we got nothing left. That's normally how it goes. Try not to take anything home. Try not to take anything home. So you just try to get rid of it all by then. And for a Friday, they did a lot of damage for a Friday. Like this box is where all levels. So tomorrow is obviously Saturday's the huge day. And then Sunday, you just whatever you got left, you just try to clear. What are you on? A particular tomorrow. Um, like an extraordinarily crazy Saturday. I think it'll be packed the entire day. I think we'll probably sell out of a lot of stuff and then Sunday will have to tell people we're out of that, we're out of that. That's why prediction. I can see that coming true. Let's find out. Let's find out. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. And, uh, oh yeah, here's that video where I was talking about. I mean, that's just a massive screen over the booth. But this is paint behind me. He won the challenge for the mutant challenge where they hold the bags out. Two minutes and thirty something seconds. And it's been a long time. No, I got seconds. Five seconds. So the winner of the whole week against like a WWE style belt. Yeah, I got it. I don't know. I think you can do it. You can do it. Then you want the whole thing. I guess I did with it. I'm sorry. Yeah. Thanks guys. All right. See you guys tomorrow. Yeah. So we do a challenge every day. We're going to hold the 15 pound mass bags out of 90 degrees. Uh, and top time of the day against a prize bag. Uh, it's usually like between three hundred and fifty dollars with the stuff. Pretty much. One of everything we sell during the show. We're going to cool Jim back and then you get the bragging range to being with Strongest person, the Esco. You've got like a, like a WWE style belt. Yeah. The overall with it. Yeah. All the makeup. It's not that. Yeah. And it's legit. He won that last year then. Last year, yeah. What's the secret? Like, he does go to this big jet body belt. Honestly, no. It's always the person who leaves six minutes. What's up guys? I'm a listener. What's your name? Name? And where you at? Atlanta Georgia. Oh yeah. How about you listen to the shows? Probably four or five years. All right. Yeah. And what's one piece of advice that's done with you from the podcast? Well, probably a little bit from each podcast from Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. It's a whole slew of biomechanics and muscle physiology. Yeah. And then with Ron and Dusty, you learn about anecdote and training hard and especially Dusty, just really that grit that goes behind everything. And then with Ron, it could be anything. It could be music or any one of, he knows a lot about a lot. So I think I've learned a bits and pieces, different pieces from each one of the podcasts. But I love them all. I love Scott for hosting them. And I love everything that you guys do. And I actually just saw now Cuba is doing his thing. We have a new one coming out Monday. That's amazing. Cuba's my coach. Cuba's my coach. Oh, I'm very dear. Yeah, I love everything about him. He's a genius when it comes to training. He really is. He's so passionate. So appreciate everything that you guys do for the show. Hell yeah. Thanks for watching. Thank you. That's a good morning people. I wanted to have an excuse to show you this morning in Columbus. This is crazy looking. Did that building all stretching up into the fog? So I'm already starting to lose my voice. And it's only been one day. And today we're going to record some more of the sporting. We have Arnold coming at 1230. So I'll try to get some video for the for the vlog for that. We're going to try to record a podcast before that. We did two yesterday. They both turned out really good. And now I just like I said, I wanted to take a brief pause. Whoa, whoa. I seriously got dizzy right there. All right. So we are. Two. Two. Two. Two. And what is the plan for today, Rob? Well, this is going to be Saturday at the Expo, which is going to be the big day. We get this out of the way and it's easy sailing on Sunday. So it's going to be hectic day. There'll be a lot of people. We're going to have some good podcast today. We're kind of running gunning with guests. And it's going to turn out really well. I already know it is. Dusty. How did day one go? Day one went awesome. It was busy. And the way it's expected, we, we made Nikki go find a piece of equipment. It was awesome. Right in the middle of her cardio. And we've we've polished it now. That's it. Nikki literally saved the same thing for us. Here. Right. So I got the jack for the winter. I'm like, what the hell? And I'm looking at an already. I can't tell if this means to get the pop stage kid. You don't like, you don't like, you don't have the jack. I mean, you don't have a hand is hardy. I put the jack in. And you walk it off. You should not. And already go something to be effective. Like, this is a deck. This counter place or what do we do it? We don't. Yeah. I'm fucking unplugged, man. I'm sure you're going to punch this and run this one. I'm not a pose. Okay. So day number two here at the Arnold. And it is a lot busy here now. We're going to do a podcast with Sean Clery in a first. We're probably going to try to get Sean Ray on after that. See, like, every business getting crowded in literally today is just begun. It's going to be wild. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's it. We got a lot of things. We got a lot of things. We got a lot of things. Oh, so we got it. It's always hard. I couldn't see everyone. I haven't seen it so long and then. Now, yeah. We got the best after. It's the only way we get through this weekend, especially today. It's Saturday. It's crowded. We got to relax. Or if I take a bump in something, just take a bump in something. Just take a bump in something. So I need to narrate this part. We were told, like, okay, 1230 Arnold's coming through. And I missed getting to meet him last year. So I'm pumped. And I'm like, all right. This is going to be great for the video. We're going to get Arnold on the video and when you know it, he ends up taking a wrong turn. And he didn't show up. So we went back to our normal stuff. They're like, okay, he's going to come back at three o'clock. And I ended up missing it again totally. I was exhausted. And I needed to get some food. And I laid down for 20 minutes in the back when I don't even know who took this picture of me. But yeah, this is where I was while Arnold came to visit the booth. Fonto? Oh, I'd have to like refresh my view. But follow. Will you retlock him? No, he's not in touch. Oh, he's not touch. Oh, he's talking about the arm over the other hand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's talking about this. That media. So we're getting close. Third place. We got to bring us some food. We got to bring up the phone. We're good. We got to get that out of your larry. And of course, we only wanted to show what this guy beat him from the overall. So they was going to get sugar shone ready. That's what I'm all started. That's funny. So you just saw the air guitar. I was asking, I didn't have what song he's playing. No, I just saw it. So I started rolling the camera. You're going to be in your face. Oh. So check this pass out. I didn't know that I was going to actually be going to the show. Because I figured I was going to watch the free live stream. I had awesome seats. It was great to see James up there. He looked so good. Everybody really looked so good. And overall it was a great show. So I'm really grateful that I got a chance to attend and hang out with everybody. Man, this was a freaking blast of a weekend. And the reason I put this thing together is I figure a lot of you guys don't get the chance to go to these things the way I've gotten to. So I wanted to try to share that energy with you. So thank you guys for watching this stuff. There's a little bit more left. I'll roll a little bit of this footage. But you know, obviously you can see the stage footage from a lot of better sources than myself on. Honey. Chew. And of course because of YouTube I have to edit out any kind of music that might be in the background here. So like we'll just make our own way. Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun. That's a hundred grand board coming to life here. We believe we have people respond from the 80 raise of prize money. It's 75. We'll have to fly that, but 500 grand! Who is not going to do the Arnold next year? That's a piece of nasty. All right. So it's the last baby Arnold. And I'm heading to the booth late. I just mess up on the UFC fight. I don't know what his name was. And we're talking about psychedelics for about 10 minutes. I'm supposed to be setting up. We're going to try to nail through as many more podcasts as we can today. Maybe I'm freaking excited because this has really turned out to be a great weekend. So I hope you guys enjoy all the content we're putting out. And if not, that's okay too because I think we're all having a lot of fun doing this, but... Alright. I got a head in. Now this gym, Lico equipment is the freaking bomb. And as a home gym owner, I absolutely love it because I could put their hacksquat in their leg press in the space that just my hacksquat takes up. I'd love to have a bunch of this stuff. And this is what the booth looks like behind the booth backstage Sunday towards the end of the week. What's your name and where you from? I'm Brent Penny. I'm a wife, Heather from Dallas. Heck yeah. These guys have done an amazing job this weekend. This is the work that goes in to allowing us to have all that fun. Running dusty, they're out gal eventing now and having fun, drinking coffee or whatever else they're doing eaten food. It's going to be on where he has cigars. We're moving through this hotel in the Expo Center trying to pack all the stuff up. The life of an AV person. It's kind of sad at the end of the Arnold because it was so busy in here yesterday. And now we can see the carpet. It's empty. I don't know. What do you think? I mean, next year needs to hurry up and come so that way you can have another one. Traia was the last athlete at the booth. I would not have been here had I not been unpacking courts. Right. I just wanted to make sure that the none of the team need it help. I usually do me but I'm like, you know what? I want to make sure everybody's good and yeah, get out of my body. This is what happens when you stay long. They start rolling up. You want to play it as so much money. You got it. Did you have good weekend? It was pretty cool. It was like every year it gets better. I'm better. We got it. And I got my recolors because I've been talking all weekend. Oh yeah. The voice is funny. No shit. You were an unstar. That's that. I think I may have taken one break a day for about 20 minutes. Just a week. But I'm in awe. It was so much fun.