his lats are his lats are more strided there than they did at the Olympia. Yeah. Remember his lats weren't really strided at the Olympia. Remember his glutes were crazy, but the lats weren't really like crazy strided. It was like the one body part that wasn't. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm one of your hosts, Big Ron Parlo. Of course I got Dusty Han Shah and the producer Scott McNally. Check it in. Remember like share, subscribe, comment and bring the bell. Yes. Got to hit that bell. Remember Patreon. Think Big Body Building Media. Keep a producer home. Thank you guys. So hit the hit the Patreon to support the Think Big Channel and hit the algorithms and the bell and all that stuff to help us out. And remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com get your ISO surge, get your all in and everyone should get on the gear Dusty. I'm excited about the rebirth of mutant at the Ono Classic. Yeah. Gonna see a bunch of new stuff. Everyone's got to come down to the booth and see us. Of course Scott will be there too. I'm excited for all the shenanigans at the booth. It'll be a lot of fun. And I'm going to bring my fancy headphones got so we can look like, you know, real partners. All right. And see love it. Well, they're over ear. You know, like the ones I play guitar with. They look more like Scott's right. Yeah. Very fair. So it's so noisy in there, right? Yeah. And I think that'll be better. I think we'll be able to hear each other more. It'll be smoother. And the setup's going to be different. Anybody who saw us last year, we're going to have a couch set up and chairs and stuff. And it's going to be it's going to be kind of cool. So I encourage everybody to come by and hang out and who knows you might even get on the podcast. Because I'm thinking that we'll be able to like record on and off throughout, you know what I mean? So we see somebody walking by. I'll be like, I'll grab them and be like, hey, Ron, I need you for five minutes. You know what I mean? I want the lady with a huge tits. Yeah. The guy. I want to look at her. Yeah. Yeah. The one that was at the. Yeah. Remember she was like her boobs was big as my torso. Each one. Yeah. They were like, it must have been like, like, oh, wow. They were gallant. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what's bad. They started doing about the gallant. Yeah. Gallant. I think if the gallant of gasoline, you could afford it. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Terrible. Just disgusting. We've got to have her on. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm definitely looking forward to the Arnold. I'm looking forward to seeing everybody. Are we going to actually talk about the competition, the men's open? Are we going to touch on that? Are we going to dare to comment on the actual Arnold classic? Because you know, this is not where people go for proper rundowns competitions. We will most likely get distracted somewhere between the beginning and the end of the list. And I'm sure we're going to miss somebody completely. So what are we going to do, gentlemen? We're going to venture into this a little bit. Well, I should. I think we should do it and do it poorly. I mean, as well as we can. As it is, you would expect of us to start this out. I had something I wanted to show you guys. I don't know if you can tell this is a hologram cup from the Arnold classic. It was the official Arnold was sponsored by Chocolate Milk in like 2008. And I got one of these cups in to celebrate the our show today. This is going to be like my official my official pre Arnold cup from I have a question. Yeah Arnold was sponsored by Chocolate Milk. Yeah, it says just seems the official beverage of Arnold. But it's a rare answer. It's a rare answer. Turn it around. I think there's a rare answer to the child. It just says drink milk.com. It says three a day milk cheese yogurt chocolate nourish energized rehydrate. And it said got milk right on it. Do you see that? Yeah. No. Like like acidic they like like chocolate milk had a meeting and they're like we're going to we're going to sponsor the Arnold classic this year. Yeah. What year was that again? I think it was like 2008 2009. But I've saved it because it's a nice plastic hologram cup that the Arnold's chocolate milk bodybuilding is because the white one's Arnold's good or what's the deal there? I don't know. I don't know. Hey, you know my chocolate milk bodybuilding story goes back to the very beginning. I remember in grade 10 I was going to high school and when I would finish school every day I would buy a 500 mil chocolate milk and one of the home baked chocolate chip cookies from the school bakery. Yeah. And I would walk. It was about eight blocks to the gym. And I would walk and drink my chocolate milk and eat my cookie. And I did that every damn day. And then I would go train like you know an asshole high school kid. Yes. With unlimited recovery. Great. And it worked. Look at you now. I feel like that there's two things about that one. If I were to drink chocolate milk and then immediately go train back or legs that would be revisited. For sure. Well there was enough time. It was an eight block walk and you know a bullshit with my friends for a bit at the jam your high school kid. You know go get changed into your gym clothes. There's actually changing into gym clothes occurring at that point in your life right? Yeah. You're not just going to the gym completely equipped and ready to yeah. So yeah it was one of those. It was a different life dusty. It was a different life. I like some of these younger guys to take that in though like that was that worked. You know that they're working well. They're working well. Make sure the molecular weight of the carbohydrate that they're eating while they go in to do decline hammer strength press single arm sideways. How long is the saccharide chain in this carbohydrate source? Rod like I don't know but you should try chocolate milk. Yeah. I don't know but I'm really happy when I start my workout. There you go. Right and flangey. Oh yeah. So I prepared some stuff. I wanted to dazzle you guys with some video. So I think probably well all agree that how do you in Samsung are going to be the front runners right? So I think the the fun story will be is okay. All right. Who's going to be third right? I mean that's that's probably the story. Maybe not but regardless we have some pretty recent footage of the two front runners. So check this out. Here's some hotty video that I grabbed and then I've got a back shot of him too. This is from couple three weeks ago now. So you know man you know you could even be leaner than those who knows. I don't even know. Here I only throw up this back shot here boom. Look at that. Like we know he's going to be peeled right? Yeah. He's like he's he's we know he's going to be full. Like they're he's not going to miss. How do he does not miss there's that. No he's not going to miss. Oh I just kept getting wider. Yes man there we go. There we go. Since the Cynthia Olympia he's been training lots because of Derek Lansford. Yeah. Yeah. His lots are is Latsuk's more striated there than they did at the Olympia. Yeah. Remember his lats weren't really striated at the Olympia. Remember his glutes were crazy but the lats weren't really like crazy striated. It was like the one body part that wasn't. Yeah. And he's got more going on there. It looks like to me. And I found this shot here. I'm Samson. Let me see if I can bring this up. Boom. Check that out. That's so pretty. That is so pretty. Yeah. It's such a classic body builder look from the front. It really doesn't mean like that like definitely what does a body builder look like from the in the front relax and stuff and Samson really that that giant powerful structure at the wide shoulders and you know that six foot frame that's so hard to fill out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. His arms. His left arm is absurd looking. That here's the thing for me. Like if you if you could look like either of them I got it look like Samson. I mean it's just while the frame the frame. Yeah. Beautiful. Right. Yeah. And this is six days ago and then he had another shot. I see. Here's him. I think this is the most muscular shot he hit here. Oh, well, there we go. It's a short video. Looking peeled from six days. Yeah. It's gonna be very dangerous. But the story will be the back double bicep again. It is the area that Samson has shown the most improvement on in the last two, three years. Right. Remember like you know what just two years ago is back double and then it made that huge jump when he won the Arnold. His back double was like way better. So and and I know we talked about how nobody was really at their best condition at the O. Everyone was just a little bit not their best you know. So if he improves on last year's Arnold where he was at his technically I think at his very best and has a better back double bicep than last year's Arnold now we're talking about threatening hotty. But I think unless he can beat hotty in the back double it'll be it'll be difficult to beat hotty. I think that's kind of to me what this show comes down to in a lot of ways. Yeah. That's a fair assessment. I think that and again this is purely based on seeing them already not on what they're you can't say how much you can't tell them if someone has improved when they're as good as him. Yeah alone. Yeah as well as you can when you put them next to each other because I had him not on my joking response but I had him as a very strong possibility to win the Olympia last year. Yeah and it soon as they came out I was like oh no like it was it was pretty drastic that he was not ready to beat those top two at that point. So we'll see the good news is the third place is why no yeah. Yeah that's the fun like and everyone let me let me real quick. Where is he? Why might not see him? Who's that? Okay. Oh there's Antoine. So I need to eat my words here a little bit and I want to publicly do it because no one else knows. Okay but I saw pictures of Antoine I don't know two months ago and I sent it to YouTube and I said he doesn't look as good as he used to look. He's going backwards. Remember? Yep. I remember getting that message and no one argued with me. It was like and then a month went by and I literally sent both of you guys another one said yeah I'm gonna shut up now. Holy like it's the best he has ever been and I think it's purely because he's mad at me. I think that's the worst. So we need to take my full credit for why he got really good but they heard the rumor and wow. So I will I will confirm that that happened and I also think that you know most people don't ever go out of their way to admit that they were wrong about something so Kudos to you Dusty you're eating it on that one and you're not the only person. I had a couple other people like a few months ago. They were like Antoine really like he's got a lot of work to do like coming he's a little bit coming for my money. Yeah and I mean like I don't know where it was you know when he started his prep ready might have been like at his lowest bodyweight for ages I didn't really know I just knew that people had commented to me and now I've had multiple people say oh he's like rocket ship right now. So you know I love the side leg on Antoine. There's just he's got such good quality in his legs you know everything. I have to point this out because of the lineup and I think it's good for up and coming bodybuilders to understand too is as much as everyone goes into a show to win. Of course. I mean if you're competing you could peat to win but I think it's important to simultaneously remember that whether Antoine you know sneaks by everybody in wins or takes six place and comes in his absolute best anybody who knows bodybuilding is like damn like you look awesome and I feel like that it's I've been working with and talking to a lot more you know like national level people lately and the lot of them have that hole in their mindset of just like win or failure and it's just not how it works in bodybuilding because there's no defense so I have to bring it up when I see his physique because you know full well like being honest he's not winning this show but he is winning you know what I mean oh yeah I know that and he's doing it clean you know he made that post the other day he has now it's more than that a thousand days clean so it can grads to him and it always makes me happy too to see somebody who's in recovery to share their recovery with others because there's a lot of other people out there that need to hear that message and you see a guy like Antoine it's like hey if he can do that I can pretty much do anything you know what I mean absolutely I'm I'm excited to see as posing your teen because man he brings a house down at the smaller show is right he just his posing your teens just blow people away the smaller shows so to see him on the on the big stage doing it's routine will be great I've been to crowd just goes nuts sorry this is great this shot doesn't show his shape just based off the angle but look at that just the nastiness of this condition right here yeah yeah yeah that's great huh yeah let me take a sim yeah absolutely so sorry do you rail this little but I had to call myself and it probably real quick let's okay for what yeah so here's your list a chem a chem looks really good I have no idea what his body weight is but he looks very hard and grainy which is what he needs I know those photos that were floating around I think you sent him dusty yeah the two most musculars yeah yeah those look great you know you pull those up Scott yeah yeah I'm grabbing them he's finding a chem a chem is one of the guys that continues to like like nothing's getting lost in his physique over the years you know usually stuff starts to like slip away yeah like they're enough and slip in a way and just so people who have never seen a chem in person photos don't do his cartoonish physique justice it's waste is tiny and his lots hang like when he's just standing there like you walk up behind him you're like what is it's very very impressive bulk yeah yeah and then we got just then what we talked about you know just in just an bit of a break right so that yes yeah just an headache break which would be awesome you know what about what about our you know it's just body-loving favorites James Hollingshead I'm really excited to see him he's posting pictures showing that he's in great conditioning and he's getting hard or he's hard everywhere he's strided everywhere you know I'm I I love how his physique looks on stage you know what I mean when he's posing when he's running through his shots I don't know what he weighs do you have any idea what he's weighing but he looks he looks great just thick dense hard core muscle will uh we'll have to see him in the lineup I'm really hoping that this can be you know hey his best showing ever would be great it would be awesome to see James I mean the arms look a little bigger are they are the arms and did he bring his arms up because I mean he's awesome about him yeah yeah very very uh the look of the physique has uh has has a hard core you know density to it so yeah it does and it's mellow so it's coaching him right I guess I believe so yeah so this is mellow so be all over him yeah mellow so be all over him so we'll see what happens we'll see what happens I'm excited you know I'd love to see him do awesome um Mohalachabha oh yeah yeah he's great I mean who knows how he'll place what what were you saying Scott I was gonna say the horse MD guy I want to see what he does I just had his pictures pulled up here I mean is he gonna have the size to hang with these guys he has like just some incredible shape here's a shot of him oh yeah I mean look at those legs yeah he's got a great physique man amazing structure big popping muscle bellies all over the place we'll just see how he looks next to there's some really big guys in this lineup you know like yeah well this is bad to the um the the divider that people don't understand is like think of all the pictures we've pulled up and realize that someone in this group of 12 guys or whatever it is isn't going to win yeah like like you put any of these guys in another show a smaller show did I say and they're in it for the win and you're looking to got like this gone uh he looks fantastic but he won't be in the really like him I agree but I really like him and now that I see the same like him look at that weird the weird delton him that in the separation just like everything is perfect on him if you ask me I would take this look if I could of course a pro level physique I'll take that thank you I'm done yeah if I could have anything with that would have been to put in and we have for exactly I'm putting maximum effort to look like half as good as any of these guys yeah it was unbelievable I just I'm it rocks me to see who got grainy that is too look at his calf what is this angry about the calves yeah it looks like he has multiple calves yeah I know some calves more than one set yeah that's why the rest of us are don't have any the test is multiple people took mine I got I got long ankles is what I have really long ankles is all I've got there so I'm I'm really excited for this Arnold because it's exciting to go into a show and we've been saying this for the last couple of big shows not knowing who's winning yeah like for years you know Scott when I started I got into body building later than Ron did but when I started going to all the shows you always knew who was winning yeah like you knew who was winning for the every Arnold ever went to I knew and I was never wrong I should have been wrong a couple times but I went the way that everyone thought it would but you know whereas now you're really looking and I do feel like even the top three was always relatively you're kind of new yeah you know I would not you know I would not dare to guess who the top five is in order that because there's there's seven guys in need to fit in that top five that third fourth and fifth place is gonna be crazy you know that said it's a huge lineup so I feel like I feel like we're in a position where everybody's gonna probably get a good look you know I don't think that people are gonna get as likely overlooked here there's that and that just let me ask you guys this too so Samson one last year is there anything with the Arnold you know how with the Olympia you got to knock out the champ that whole thing is there is there do you think there's anything at the Arnold where Samson will get any type of additional grace for the fact that he is the like the raining champ no because there's a Mr. Olympia there oh yeah hoties the king hoties the guy that has an Olympia title those to me that Olympia title is like if follows you for the rest of your career no matter what stage you stand on it's like that guy's gotten Olympia and it it it dexter did it the whole time he was so dangerous he was a Mr. Olympia you could never take that away from him I think that I think that Samson being the returning champion actually still has a hilded climb because hoties got in Olympia which is actually good for Samson I I I don't know I think that maybe maybe that he'll bring his best cousin that I don't know I'm excited I also I also don't think it matters in all anymore because look at the Olympia last year Derek did not knock out hotie so that whole mindset in my opinion they've thrown away and I do believe there was a time that that was kind of a thing but I think it as soon as as soon as Jay fell yeah and then you know because Rally didn't fall he he burned out you know his body but once Jay lost and then Dexter lost again like it started and then Phil lost it became a thing like no Olympia guys loose because for years they did like you know Hanging it lose he laughed Dorian didn't lose he laughed Rally just kept going so he didn't his body shut down I don't even count him as losing Jay's the first one to say he didn't beat him at his best you know so I don't think matters at all anymore and that's what I love is I think that for whatever reason whether it's the right thing or it's good for money it's better if we don't know like yeah I stopped caring to go to finals at the Olympia like I went to dinner a couple times yeah I can beat the traffic if I was going to dinner now because I knew what was going to happen you know so this year you can bet that like every year at the Olympia Ron and I will be there screaming only this year Scott's coming yes so just one more thought because I know we had a bunch of other stuff but so if let's say let's say how he does it he wins then second place goes to Samson now that means that everybody else going into up against looking for that third place spot is being compared against Samson right that's who who has in your opinions who has the closest and that's a frickin tough question I can't answer it who can go up against Samson Samson's game in you know that's when you flip over everything I said earlier and you put an excellent third it really could be who knows man you suck because let's just win this whole tangent that's probably who I would say would get put that list up again put that list that's again yeah we got a pick a third a we got to pick a third is that what's going on and that's if you know I mean because it could go either way because if if Samson won and then hot and hot he took second doesn't yeah then then who's comparing against hot he this it's uh either way man it's a this is I I'm with you like I really can't figure this out it does not either way the guy said who couldn't make the top five comes in third oh yeah exactly I if you had to pick a third if I had to pick a third hmm third like let's just say hot he and Samson are one two and whatever order yeah I mean that's tough who has actually who's already been to the oh in this lineup well Justin a keen and on Justin James James um uh didn't so Muhammad Shabon hasn't he been to the oh I thought he went to an oh you know and then uh Raphael so I mean Raph Raph's of he's a huge threat for third yeah he could be there I like friend okay I think the highest level it's it's the size it's over look because he's not as big yeah would you ever seen him in person with a shirt off for me to use the sentence he's not as big right let's see man it doesn't make sense yeah I've seen him in the gym with like a crazy pump and I'm just like how was that guy not big enough in any like sense of the word you know this is funny all right slide okay that's my that's my vote just so you guys know I'm I'm disagreeing with the honesty and I'm putting Nexela in third I could totally see that happen I would not be shocked just lost an argument with myself you can tell yourself you can tell yourself after the show so we'll see conditioning decide everything but he's a freak so before we got to everything else I did want to ask on the theme of the Arnold because I'm freaking pumped because I'm getting in my car and leaving in like two and a half three days right now and I know I'm going to get to hang out with you guys we're going to do all sorts of fun stuff at the Arnold and there's going to be a bunch of other people coming to the Arnold too and some of them have never been to the Arnold before so at as tradition I would like to know what are some things that people need to make sure they do when they go to Ohio this upcoming weekend bring hand sanitizer dead serious yeah that's a serious one as much as we joke about it oh yeah because you're going to be doing a ton of hand shaking well you are that's fine well though people are too because they're gonna go meet people and you're running into people you know and it's just a lot and I find that the bathrooms are so disturbing that I prefer to use hand sanitizer to try and wash my hands and those bathrooms and I always wonder how many people watch me walk out in our like disgusting bastard but I'm taking the hand sanitizer out of my pocket on my way out right right so but no that's one for sure also bring a lot of money because the Chick-fil-A sandwiches are very expensive oh yeah yeah what's the most it I had not to Chick-fil-A there so yeah there's the only time I had it they were only like half warmed up and they were like flattened from being stacked on top of each other completely terrible and I still remember you know I still remember that sandwich I refied my house to buy that for you um about that for you here's I'm swear I still I'm still making payments on it here's a here's a bit of advice for people ask yourself a question is it really important that you work out that weekend hmm if it's not don't bother it's literal there's there's lots of great gyms in the area that's the thing like there's American Barbell just out of town if you want to go for like I think it's like a 25 minute 30 minute drive there's you know there's all the power shacks there's a there's a bunch of them around town and then there's fitness we're the same yeah yeah yeah yeah Metro Fitness and there's Pro Jim which is where everyone's like that's the gym that's like two blocks away they call a pro isn't called Pro Jim I think so used to be the powerhouse right but they changed the name but that gym so packed that you know the last several Arnolds I didn't even bother going until Sunday night I just went Sunday and I went Sunday night last year after like most people have started leaving town right and I had like a great workout but I don't often train at the Arnold anymore because you know I need my sleep there's lots going on and it is hectic but Rod will be training at the Arnold this weekend I'm bringing my camera guys we're gonna do a workout together we'll do something it's just bodybuilding bro workout get some video for you guys it'll be fun I'll try to say it was anything else so there's the expo there is the the shows obviously there's the amateur I feel like the amateur gets overlooked and there's not a lot of people going to watch that if you go and check out the amateur I guarantee you that you were gonna see some incredible amateur body builders from literally around the world you you may be one of the few people in the audience that actually speaks English because it's like everybody's teams and their families and stuff like that and they're all like these guys are in speaking in Arabic and these guys are Italian and you have these Japanese people over here and these guys are freaking serious these are guys that go to like the ipp world these are guys that like pull out all the stops like we're talking deathbed bodybuilding at its best you need to get on stage at that 198 definitely like that I just made that up that term is awesome what is deathbed bodybuilding it's people that are squeezing into weight classes they have no business getting into it's when you need a wheelchair to weigh in you know right wheel you up to it yeah yeah so there's that there's that and plan to but what else what else what about food what about food plan to plan to just eat shit food or have all your meals like so here's the thing with people I was people are getting Airbnb's now because they want to have kitchens right yeah but I just cannot stand losing the ridiculous simplicity of staying in the hotel attached to the conference center like I'm not I'm just I don't need a kitchen man I'm fine I'll eat buffet breakfast and I'll figure lunch out and I'll I'll take a few meals with me to begin with and then I'll have you know what I mean like I got my way protein and my bag of oatmeal and other not I'll get some steak and fries I'm okay so if you're if you're not in prep you don't want to lose yeah that's the thing I'd push on yeah yeah don't don't be so worried about everything if you're gonna if you're off season you're gonna be eating and that's fine you know prepping okay do your Airbnb thing because is you know there's no hotels with kitchens attached to the conference center I don't think so yeah we're we're doing the most likely ice of some sort in the cooler to keep her food cold for two days there you go our hotel that doesn't get any so that that is the thing that people realize is a lot of these hotels don't have refrigeration and if you are in prep you do need to bring your food um on a weekend like this they may not accept putting your food downstairs separate yeah they have a nice machine bring a cooler that can hold the ice rotated out every morning your food doesn't take on and you know you can heat it up or not it doesn't matter it's three days it's good your food and not a huge deal only thing that I suggest for my clients is either buying those packaged ricees that you just have to heat up oh yeah because they stay better or tossing them completely and going to like rice cakes just for convenience because you don't always have a microwave cold chicken easy cold rice that's five days old that's now looks like it's been frozen no been there not the best not the best yeah and for those of you not on prep the bear burger across the street from the expo centers really burger place Ron and I went there and then we all went to that um don't just don't tell them that one no okay no we don't want them to go there it's small you know what you're gonna talk about I think so the sushi slash turkey place no no no no no these are the Mexican place right across the street and they had all sorts of tacos and stuff like that yeah I like that taco play that was good that places yeah if it's the last thing go then we give them some options I don't know you're involved I'm not right you gotta keep your own my date night you know cheese yeah yeah the only thing I didn't like about that taco place was the the table that we got the first night we went I wound up getting like the couch side like you ever go to like you know it's not a ground too remember like real low yeah yeah remember like you know you go to those the odd like kind of restaurant where they have like more casual seating and like the chair doesn't match the table the table is like here on your chest and you're sitting on like a cushy couch type of thing it looks good what is you walk up to it but the yeah it's so inviting and it's like the cafe from friends yeah you know and then you sit out and you're like I can't eat like this this is brutal can I have a normal chair oh they're all so you can shit yeah I'm that guy all right that's good stuff well I hope that helps and we got through this without really much well dusty did talk a little bit about the bathrooms but I guess we'll probably get a good review you know about the bathroom situation from Ron after and remember it is new new people running the Arnold now so it's possible they are you know improving bathrooms year to year we'll see I think last year was a little bit of a step up wasn't it didn't like back and I wasn't just traumatized we were shocked yeah yeah it was also because we went to Dubai before that so the trauma yeah I'm still in counseling but anyways yeah nothing was worse than what I witnessed in Madrid at the Arnold Europe in like 2016 you remember all the way back this is almost a decade ago now we're happy yeah yeah no I walked into a bathroom and there was like giant expo bathroom people it's nuts and um no toilet paper in any of the stalls no hand paper anywhere no soap none like just nothing and then there's a bathroom attendant mopping but he doesn't speak English and I tap him and I'm like soap and he just goes yeah yeah just pick there you go you're fine to that yeah you're good stop shooting him pissing on your hands yeah well not what he doesn't yeah okay oh what's next we got some questions we have some good cues what about our Patreon and YouTube people we do show them some love yeah we we have all sorts of them I know dusty you had some good stuff too so think if you've got anything lined up there um this one's just completely gonna be off topic but I had to start with it because I really like Lucas's tone western for the next show sandwiches I'm sure y'all love them all of us what's your go to starting from red filling sauce or not veg or not sweet maybe savory let's hear it I really feel as though Ron should lead off with his complicated sandwich well I can do bread meat bit of cheese throw some barbecue sauce in there stats I'm fine I don't need anything else on my sandwich though I don't want yeah I don't want your rabbit food on my sandwich and I don't want any other sauces I don't want spicy nothing I don't want your white sauce I don't just leave it alone just let me enjoy my rotisserie chicken and cheese and barbecue sauce plus what are your thoughts on like a chicken put a bunch of vegetables on and just get so big and hard to hold and hard to bite into it just annoying why easy to eat want to get this over with something's going to the dentist make it easy or get this over with you know enjoyable the sandwich oh this is I think mainly a run with this is like another of us have to answer we don't even have to yeah it gives what I just I just have been waiting to say that sandwich I just like you all I'm sure you all love it we're gonna skip this move forward yeah you all love them how about this one then we'll go to this one then okay um was there ever moment or incident during your career where you had a sudden dawning of appreciation for the extremeness or extreme um unconvention unconventionality of what you were doing um in other words did you ever have a moment where you did notice something like and you thought to yourself wow this is absolutely wild people don't do this kind of thing basically like extreme bodybuilding where you're like holy crap this is next level I think like the closest thing I ever came to that would be like a couple of times right around the show like when you're peaking or something and you see a new striation across your glute it maybe you never seen before or something and you feel like oh this is like crazy you know or someone asked me a question too what are some of the things you notice when you're shredded like what are some of the things that happen when you shred it that you know maybe happened to you and don't happen to other people or whatever that was a question I had and it's sort of in there a bit with this question because that's stuff would trigger things like I know when I get super peel that can feel my rectus femoris that middle quad that v quad yeah I can feel it sliding against my outer quad when I bend and flex my quad I can feel there's like muscle friction in there what I don't know what this sensation is and in my forearms when I pull my fist back like pull it back like that I can feel these muscles all like sliding inside my arm and there's a ham strip the outside head of my hamstring I can feel it like sliding against its weird I don't know how to other express it than that but whenever I would get to that stage where I could feel certain things I'm like oh I'm getting like really lean now really lean and I would think this is stuff that people wouldn't even understand like the average normal person wouldn't they're just looking at you like what you know that sort of thing you know Dorian used to talk about his feet being so lean that he hurt to walk on tile floor yep like he hurt backstage his feet actually hurt all the time yeah so I mean I've had that like I've had where I'm like man like I've got to put some slippers on or something I never wear those so I remember those days and that would make me think oh this is this is messed up like you know or yeah the jaw too another thing was like if I got lean enough my jaw felt like it moved weird like it felt like it had more range of motion almost or like it was kind of not quite sitting correctly in the back yeah that was out of the way yeah there's just little things like that that I used to notice so those are the things I ever that I was like really caught my attention was the first time I got lean enough and was more important I really know tired enough that I remember I went for a walk and I stepped up a curb one curb one step yep and I went oh the handshing lifts the foot yeah like like I knew which muscle did what when I would step and I'm like oh okay like it not that that doesn't obviously makes sense but I'd never had felt individual muscles do their job on every day activity you know like if you doing a hamstring curl obviously you know what's doing it but just going through life you're like oh this muscle is the one that I felt the most when stepping up one step you know it was like a flight of steps where I was like oh well I'm tired you know I'm like I've reached a point where I'm tired enough to notice a single step there's I like that yeah there's an interesting thing that I've talked about with some guys I don't know if we've ever brought up on the show but I feel like training while you're really lean for some reason it seems to improve your mind muscle agree like and I don't know if that's because you're so invested in the diet so you want to train properly so you just connect like I don't know what comes first the the chicken of the egg in the muscle connection while training while you're ripped but there's something about training when you're ripped like my biceps like I just remember like how they feel when I'm peeled and I'm squeezing them versus like when I'm off season just kind of a weird sensation that happens and it it makes you think like oh I'm connecting better to things and I remember every time I would be really shredded I would like it could feel everything on my back like individually better it's like I could separate them in my head better and I don't know why we maybe that's all something my brain made up who knows like you know like a phantom memory from when you're a kid like an but that's just how I feel I have to say one thing wrong kept using past tense as if he's not shredded right now yeah right it's a good point I kind of remember like you remember yesterday that's important I shouldn't have just said that it occurs because of effort I'm not putting it in I just walk around like this and I'm not shredded I'm just lean yeah okay I had to point that out for anybody who's a potty rock the Arnold and he's like hey I'm man it yeah you're in single digit body fat without question so anyways moving forward for the right right so if I lost I'd find pounds I'd feel all these weird things again yes exactly yeah sitting down sitting down you if you sit down I'm like a hard seed or something you feel the fact that you've got no fat in your butt you know real so I so my my feet go numb if I sit on the toilet for too long all the time now so that contest prep thing that used to happen to you when you got real peel that happens to be all the time I can't sit on the toilet I can't waste time in the toilet you know you sit on the toilet and you spend like an extra 20 minutes on your phone I don't do that anymore yeah you my business done and I got to stand up because my feet are going up yes that's it that's all I got I'm sorry and I got somebody going your hip flexor lifts your foot that's not what I'm talking about just tell you what I felt yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah before it happens I want to jump in I'm aware all right what's the biggest mistakes that you see people making when it comes to their arm training oh yeah yeah for most people I think particularly by steps you use more weight than you need to yeah yeah I used so many muscles to curl for so many years and now I actually enjoy I'll be curling and you know someone next to me will be using 10 pounds more dumbbell than me and my arm is now growing I just had grabbed like you know 60s 80s for alternating dumbbell curls and they would move from you know the side of me to my shoulder but my arm had nothing to do with that nothing so now it's like 40s 40 on some lumen especially like a spider curl or something that might be 30s so that that would I would say is the big thing for me was just way too much weight I think getting your arm volume right is important I still think there's something about arms some people they can take a lot of volume like I probably did more total sets for my arms and calves than any of my other body parts but that's what I had to do to get them to grow and like this weren't growing and then I did more sets for them where's other body parts that's not how it worked you know what I mean like some of my craziest like my legs are at their biggest when I was just doing like regular dory and training all the time you know and that's not a lot of volume um whereas my arms were not at their biggest when I was doing regular dory and training I'd have like an arm day you know so yeah I just kind of thinking out of the box like you do what you got to do and don't feel slaved into a certain amount of volume like go I do X number sets for chest and chest is a bigger muscle group than biceps therefore I should do less for bicep no matter what like that's almost of a think right like big muscle groups get more sets smaller muscle groups get less sets but I think you gotta be able to you gotta be able to just flip that for a bit see what happens you know yeah so it's good it's good um how about this one tips for trimming body here he says I use the the Phillips one blade and set the guard so I leave one third of an inch of hair but it still makes me it so bad um I hate being alive for the next week um what can I do to help with the itchiness into prevent it from happening altogether he says I use moisturizer and trim after the shower so my skin isn't dry or dirty I prefer to have a trimmed chest and belly but at the moment it just isn't worth the itching hmm I don't know what a Phillips one blade is have to look that up oh you know oh you do yeah they're great I don't I don't only it sucks I can't help them because I get none of that it's just like a really good trimmer that's like a right cheap trimmer that you can pop the blades off of the works really well um here you could you could use that to shade before a show and it would be enough oh really like that yeah yeah yeah okay that's all I ever do is just clipper and then um so I would clipper all the time and I had like I always had like good clippers like the type the barber would actually use on your neck you know like good clippers like I'd like $100 clippers you know and um I would just clip my whole body with that all the time like maybe every week or so I'd clipper every couple weeks I clipper and then about three weeks out from the show I would start blading once a week yeah you know and I would use a blade and I would actually shave like just so the skin got used to it yep but I would do my last shave like Thursday before the show or something like that like I wouldn't do it like I even Wednesday before the show but I wouldn't do it like Friday because that would be too risky a case you've got like an inflammation or codder yeah yeah just saying like that so it but yeah I never had any that clippers is awesome I don't get itchy from clippers at all so I don't I don't share that guys problem yeah yeah and he uses moisturizer too so I'm not sure I remember one year I did put an air on my legs oh god just to try it out yeah and I'm futtering burn my legs man so bad they were burned yeah yeah yeah yeah that's all over the place yeah that was a mess people don't understand too they think that like so I because I'm with you dusty like just using clippers I think is fine and that's even for contests you know I think that we we think it has to be absolutely perfect you know and the reality is we're removing the body here so that the muscle can be seen right we we aren't obscuring any kind of definition or anything like that and it's just part of the look but if you have a little bit of stubble it's not going to be a problem at all I remember seeing this is this is might it might have been the year I got this cup I was in line to see branch worn in the expo and this was I think it might have even been like after the show and I get up to him and of course he is like a freaking monster and and I had not seen a lot of really like truly big body builders up into this point so I've got to meet Jay that weekend I got to meet branch but the thing I remember to have branches he's in that muscle top tank top and those huge boulder delts head about as much stubble on him as my face on it like after I had you shaved for like three days you just saw like hairs all over his arm the guess what it's like hey didn't you just compete it's like yeah did you just win yeah yeah that's fast for good awesome and it's for my way by the way that Jay is getting the uh getting an award this weekend so we'll get a nice little tribute video of Jay one hour at the show nice oh okay that's a nice you know that's exciting yeah yeah so what's it like they do in like yeah like time achievement something like that Arnold lifetime achievement award yeah you know I had one more that I had a guy at junior nationals who had done really good in the morning show and I went to go see him in his hotel room and he hits his front double bicep and I realized he hadn't shaved his armpits so he literally has like full on bushy armpits and I was like dude you got a shave your armpits you know and he's like oh man I really don't like shaving my armpits I was like you're going out stage to get your pro card you shave your pits and he's so he reluctantly shaved them and that was a year he did win the card but all the judging had already happened meaning that he probably would have been fine otherwise like you you know what he would have said anything so still good you know yeah yeah yeah yeah I can't imagine all right dusty do you have one on the ready there I know you had a few good ones I got one for Ron oh what's more disgusting picking your nose or biting your nails no oops I don't know dude yeah I didn't know what those nails have been yeah I would say stop this is a good question it's a good question so how I look at it is is there ever a reason where you have to pick your nose and is there ever a reason where you have to bite your nails yeah and I think that like I could see someone being like I had to pick my nose I had no tissue there was something up there it was fucking drive me crazy I had to go do with it yeah I could see that but biting your nails I don't really I think that's like a real bad habit sort of nervous thing that doesn't need to be done I don't know if your nails gross properly manicured they'll never need just taking care of you I don't know yeah yeah you know I mean like the nails are something you can control for the most part nose can just happen literally nose getting out of to you I've not the road you tap your nose where I was oh my god there's something in there it's sticking out but I can't just yeah yeah yeah if you need to trim it is this funny but I used to always say this to my employees because I made them clean I made them clean the floors every single night and they would always say to me well why do we have to do it doesn't need to be done and I'm like if it needs to be done it's too late yeah that's good it means they're dirty same thing with your fingernails if they need to be trimmed it should have already been done look at those puppies look how clean those are you're manicured pretty nice see well done let us take good care of them let us take care of them let's just just do this it's all me just bring a lot calm yeah yeah yeah you could go the opposite if you bite your nails then you never have to worry about manicuring them I just look terrible yeah they'll take you to make sure to start with something very important serious you know what I mean yeah of course we got that hand-adhandled now oh this is a fun one simple but what do you guys think is the most overrated exercise and what would you do instead I have an opposite question almost to that I'll bring it up after perfect course you over you're rated exercise there's a lot there's some pretty trendy stuff that is the waste of time yeah um hmm that's hard there's so many how about is it you think in is there you think in a machines or you think enough just like free we're immediately things ventpress but anyways right you're going to big picture does go big picture yeah okay well the bad the bench press can still be done in a way that can make it way better it's most people do it in a very inefficient way yeah it's something it's a bad movement but it is like the movement um what that like I always find it funny this is how often people go how much you bench and not because it just why is that the measure of strength I've always found an interesting you know right because for example if you can incline it's more impressive if you can bench before the 19th is they used to ask how much you could overhead press now it is that it makes sense to me it's sure yeah it kind of changed to the bench but yeah that used to be the big thing I guess like before the 1900s where you'd be like oh how much can you press overhead yeah yeah which is very impressive yeah standing it's it's tough here's see somebody like a strict press like no like moments but all yeah I'm like yeah yeah see someone do three 15 with like who locked hips like just standing three 15 from a click from the bar sitting on their clavicle like from a clean you know and just pressing that's amazing not standing it's pretty impressive man yeah um I think the worst exercise is like I think the ones that are the biggest ways to time for most people because they just they just don't get the bang out of them is all they're like unbraiced and I say unbraiced stuff like you see people doing cable crossovers but their body moves back when they do the squeeze and they think that's like better for the squeeze like they don't realize how much how much power they're wasting out the back end of the movement or you see ladies doing cable kickback movements with poundages that are completely unconsequential to their glute like meaningless poundages that are just a complete joke to that powerful muscle but they're not braised that one foot they're standing on there's no way they're braised enough to move any meaningful amount of poundage yeah so they would be much better off just loading up a hip thrust machine and doing extra sets of hip thrust like they would get they would get it would be like getting a hundred thousand dollar return on their million dollar investment versus getting a ten dollar return on their million dollar investment that's that's the difference in how being braised can can make that much bang for your buck difference obviously there's a good there's a correct and incorrect way to perform every exercise but anything you're doing where you're giving up power because you're not stable enough to really generate force it's one of the problems I have with walking lunges I mean walking lunges can be done in a way that are more effective than others and they can be placed in the program in a way that's pretty good and they're in a great athletic movement for coordination and all that stuff but if your goal is just to get bigger legs for a lot of people walking lunges are really inefficient and because yeah balances a factor load is difficult a lot of gyms don't have a squat rack at the end of their walk where where you're going to do them like are you picking the weight up and putting it on your neck well now you're super limiting your load are you using dumbbells or you know how like there's just so many things like a lot walking lunges can be done in an extraordinarily impressive way or it can be a complete waste of time and so you know if your goal is to get huge like a set of squats would probably do you better or set of hacks squats even better so that's just how I feel about being efficient in the gym you know all movements can be made better than maybe some people are doing them but at the end of the day like you know your investment needs a return. Wait a minute so on that note you just brought something my attention investment needs a return right okay I hope I'm right so here's the thing stop doing calf raises you either have them you don't return on investment I've been working for that guy for 30 years as it paid me yet that's nasty that's a fact good we just got after world to stop training calves it's good the other half already had so yeah the guys are calves doing the training I'm why should the guys are up calves straight them scoffer lots to be dead that's a calf raise right my chance training is wrong if to finish the sentence when you think about doing calf raises go train arms yeah 10 sets in the last 10 years yeah occasionally I'll do what set you know just for like Instagram you know right okay hop up yeah opposite from Casey at Patreon what lift did you always shun until you tried it yourself hmm thinking hip thrust hip thrust for me it's funny hip thrust actually came to mind yeah I did them all the time but never in the gym they weren't loaded vertically yeah well they were about short range of 100 oh sorry yeah yeah hopefully a solid answer I remember when the first time I used like a proper hip thrust machine and I just like I don't think I was even training I was just feeling it out but I remember I don't know if there was like two plates aside on it or what but I was just feeling it out and I knew how you're supposed to do them like you know you're not supposed to do you know you're just like you're head up and your pelvis is just what's coming up and down right and I remember I got like a tiny cramp in my glute hmm doing like the first set just toying with it toying with a lightweight and just like flexing the crap but I'm like glutes at the top and driving my pelvis up and I was like oh that's got a bite to it that could be useful I could see how that's useful okay you know what I mean I remember that yeah I was never really that down on hip thrust I remember when they first came out everyone was kind of like oh are the people going to be doing these all over the gym now remember when hip thrust first became a thing no gyms had hip thrust machines so people were doing them like the freeway area yeah they were like a barbell over to the dumbbell area and laying on a bench and everyone's like oh my god this is in the way and it was a big pain in the ass I remember that yeah so mine would be Bulgarian spitsquats oh okay oh they take the John Meadows way you mean yeah and it's not that I didn't I just I think I back to the typical me can't just squat can't just do this and as soon as I two things one stopped going all the way up did quick pauses you know like a two count at the bottom and the top of the motion controlled the native and also braaced with my opposite hand the use had run took balance out the equation those things are hell oh yeah I mean that's a great hit love them so that yes to not ignore your statement Scott yes John is the one who showed me how to do them correctly okay also you're going to add one little tweak because everyone goes against it some people say like on a hip on a Bulgarian spitsquat some people go straight up and down with their glutes some people their glutes starts here and then goes back towards their feet and people argue one is wrong and one is right to me it's what do you want to feel if you're working my quad yeah then I want to go straight up and down and lean into my toe if I want to get that glute involved you know you let it swing back and forth but that movement I am sore every time and for those who want a John Meadows special all you have to do he would have me start a 20 pound double set of 15 40 pound double set of 15 60 pound double set of 15 80 pound down about go to failure then immediately drop and grab the 60 go to failure immediately drop and go to the 40 go to failure immediately drop and go to failure that's the worst idea ever yeah and then you would take a 17 minute break and do the other like yeah well that was just me the break but everyone else is normal yeah that's something I like to bust out on someone who's like oh I want to jump in on a leg down I don't want you to come back so we do that yeah that's a great pick and in your right it goes back to my exercise selection thing because I mean I spent my whole life you know I was aware of Bulgarians squats you know I saw guys putting barbells on their back, cooking their foot on a bench or holding two dumbbells and hooking their foot on a bench and I remember thinking like oh that's a good exercise like for balance and stuff and endurance and whenever they're training but what a lame exercise for hypertrophy because they've got well imagine I'm like a bar on your back doing those with your your foot your your foot hooked like if something does go wrong you're probably dumping a barbell and jumping out of the way right so I just thought that's just a terrible idea I'm going to use a hacksquat and so I just thought that was a dumb movement for anybody builder to do but then meadows introduces he starts doing them in the squat rack holding onto the rack so he stabilizes and just uses one heavy dumbbell and I was like oh this is this is I'm now interested in trying this and it is a winner look at Donna she shows up A yeah her's a little bit of a mess but she she came on and said she needed to look my hand apparently well here we are here we are so I'm gonna I'm actually we're we're adding a third soon so yes I don't think that uh I don't think that the third will ever be up on my lap because that will be uncomfortable oh yes yes yes you will so you will make it happen we'll just move the the piece over here but yes uh the powerful rescue that we've shown on here before it's got a girl that they're working on for me we're just working on her with some small dogs so these two can get ready for another pit in their life look at her that's amazing that's Nova Gray right there some asshole litter on fire as you can see so yes I'm getting I get daily updates just see you guys know and I and I I'm partial not gonna lie but anyone who's near Texas if you get a chance to work with this rescue I don't know how they do it they have 34 dogs there right now I think and right now because they are working with her on some different things and then my timing because Nikki shows and whatnot but like there's enemy pictures that were on like a you know with the iPhones where they upload them their phone they mean they come to mind yeah every couple of days I get pictures videos I'm like you know they they do it right and the way they take care of these dogs and she is an example of the dogs they take like if they get they got puppies the other day just because they were abandoned they immediately take them to another place to get you know help from um they get them started and find them a good home and and move forward but they're all in the you know older dogs dogs with major issues dogs that don't have front legs or whatever it is and so super stoked and I think I've been in love with this dog for two years since they got her and I finally broke I got to do this so and Pippe's a people they they have a hard time adopting them out you know here in the Detroit area there are so many Pippe's my dog was a rescue and you know it's a shame but they are people look at the breed you know and they judge them by that and then you know it at a dog that's growing like that the likelihood of it finding a new home is going to be super, super low so I'm all for that I love rescue I wouldn't I wouldn't want to do it any other way with a dog like that with a Pippe I just feel like that's part of it you know is being able to help one of them. I think it's quite crazy because in her case uh before I realized I had like true interest I do was like when she would still have fresh scars I mean did just happen when they picked her up friendly wanted to love up on you you're like wow how how like how do you experience that and still you know go through that the only changes of course you know each individual person that comes in you got a properly introduced you can just like let's have one run in your home because stranger danger not the Dale doing either there's that she's scared you know stranger danger yeah so I'm excited I cannot wait to to bring her here and Harvey's ready to have somebody because Donna doesn't actually know how to play so it's quite funny yeah she you throw the ball she chases Harvey and bites him like twice and then she's like yeah I'm done and then lays down so Harvey's alone on all of this on all of his playing so she's quite excited yes so random tidbit since Donna came to the table we wanted to let everybody know about Nova I don't like that they buy by Donna say bye bye now they last five minute crew will be happy that she got in before the last five minutes I always could tell who waits to the angular there Donna on the club yeah yeah Harvey's busy for those wondering you know I I want to say something I'll make this really quick so the Kai Green reaction video did really good but we had a lot of people who said stuff like this I like Kai Green but geez his gut is massive and my I did respond to one comment but I wanted to say it officially on the show it was a different time you know what I mean it was a different time in body building and we didn't pay attention to guts and they would like bubblegutt I don't think was even a term back then and eventually you know the bodybuilding decided that they wanted to change that and then they put some thoughts in and everybody everybody has done a really good job at I think working on their app control but at the time like we didn't pay any attention to that it wasn't in my opinion it wasn't Kai's fall you know what I mean that like everybody back then had some level of stomach in the amount of food that Kai was eating you know there's no wonder that his stomach was stretched out so much so that's my yeah my spiel we just all saw it as like the prep well for most guys we were like oh it's a price of eating the food it takes to be massive you know it the only people we commented on where the guys have like massive guts remember like JP Fuchs jump here Fuchs had that like really huge disdended abdomen were like oh that's a little too much yeah but like other guys I walk around 320 that's fine he's just full of food you know Scott Scott I'm sending you a picture though because like this is when I saw Kai when the Arnold alright in 2016 and I just even to this day I'm like I don't see this gut oh yeah yeah people are going so crazy but like I understand if he breathes or turns but like he is what five eight maybe 285 here I mean I don't know what he used to wear on stage but I know I I mean in person Kai is probably the second biggest person I've ever seen yeah in my life first being market rule but like it's it's I just don't see why you know he was in a gym when they got when they had a talk about this it's like I don't know to me I just don't agree and I still think in today's environment he'd be a nightmare for people oh yeah yeah there's no funny even though we say it was a different time I think it's a different time and if Kai Green was in this if that Kai Green was in this lineup we'd be having a different discussion of the top three yeah yeah so I go with my take he's awesome guys still think that like that whole lucky cultivated with the predator hair yeah oh yeah like it's just like totally unique you know what I mean I just love watching is re judging because he posed different like even his his quarter turns were art yeah he had a different way in double in way he would hit a rear double the finished version was was fine but how he got there I was watching like every shot you know I'm grateful that I actually got to go to the pre-jazing that year to watch in person you know I feel like he was one of the guys you could really tell when he was on stage that he was doing his favorite thing in the world to do yeah for me I like to eat the most I'm really glad I got to see uh I'm glad I got to see Kai compete many times you know he was he was just incredible and I remember the most mind-boggling thing about Kai was Eddie would come out at the Olympia and pose and I would be man I can't believe this guy's not gonna win yeah yeah because Phil Phil was so incredible like Phil would come out and pose I was like nobody's beating him and then Kai would come out and be like man in another era this guy would just be cleaning up everything but Phil's in the way right and Phil's just gonna remain in the way because he's just that he's just a little bit better and he's always better at every show and you know I mean Kai beat him that one time at the Arnold member and then after that it was like yeah but that was just that was a crazy you know Kai's one of those guys man his generation. I feel like I'll be like I feel like back then and I'll be curious to see what some of these kids I say kids people younger than me that are in the sport will say about who they view as the best back then the battle between Phil and Kai was pretty close in my head and then I look back and I'm like no wasn't like I had an emotional connection to Kai because I liked him he was always super nice I didn't really know Phil very well and Kai was he was one of the first guys who I I knew who he was and I knew he wouldn't know who I was and I was in the new work airport and then he did know who I was and made sure to tell me to you know he came over and said hey how you doing I was like wow you know so it definitely like changed my perspective but I did find that that was why in my head they're they're battle was closer than it really was right you know I was like oh I just favored you a little bit because once I looked back I was like oh yeah no one was beaten Phil that was insane yeah yeah yeah people used to ask me why does Phil beat Kai because they were both so awesome and I used to say that this is what I said I don't know if it makes sense but I said that the two reasons I thought Phil beat Kai is in the front relaxed I thought Kai's neck looked kind of skinny and he didn't have any traps in the front relaxed okay I know you're being pretty good and it used to kind of bother me because when Phil stood in the front relaxed he had traps yeah he did and it just filled in a spot for me that I just noticed and then I felt that Kai's fizzy cad more sort of sharp corners on it like there was more triangular stuff going on with Kai and on Phil everything was around and I just remember thinking that's how my brain perceived some of the muscle groups were there was just more roundness on Phil and more like sort of almost like Kai was like you know those artists that like do things different on purpose like like almost like that which sort of suited Kai like yeah yeah very true you know what I mean like having like his back was a little more triangular in ways and some of his that his biceps were Pete Sharper and he just had more like corners on his physique and Phil was all round everywhere and I just for some reason that's just what I saw yeah it's crazy yeah Kai was the best guy could be I thought you're gonna say something more than a line of like they're both awesome but Phil is awesome or yeah that's you oh I know how to answer that yeah that too that's funny you know what else we got that's next buddy that was about all we had we I mean we had a few more questions but I think we are about out of time we need a some type of a solid finisher here yeah let's do one more all right let's see we had a training question about DC training we had one see guidance about how far to take your sets we had one about let's say the sandwiches all of sandwiches the trimming body care bro with Ron do you have you have a good finisher dusty I'm rolling through them right now while you're reading them off we talk more about sandwiches sandwiches we all y'all love them everyone loves them Sammy he's a good sandwich in comment if you're coming out to the Arnold guys for the last five minute crew comment if you're coming out to the Arnold I want to know who's showing up for my crew to come and hang out with us that's he's got I want to touch this just for fun because it's it's like a time bomb is it easier to coach women or men and I actually think this is a good one this is a good one because it's easier to coach um coachable people coachable people not so awesome awesome our answer Scott's a couple coaching Nikki coaching Nikki does his wife has been like the easiest and I don't mean easy there's been you know decisions to be made but just the smoothest like gotcha boss yep no problem considered executed done deal oh results have occurred oh more results have occurred yes did it awesome good like it's just insane obviously she lives with dusty she trains with dusty but the coaching experience with her she might as well be a top 10 Olympian with how calm and that's great just ridiculously executable right yep and and now because of that we find ourselves in a position where she looks really good six weeks out we're very excited so I think most people would generically say that men are easier to coach because you know women have more statistically women are gonna have more issues with food there's more higher incidents of food related um eating issues or psychological attachments to things and they statistically but at the end of the day it comes down to the person because I've died at plenty of guys that were head cases too and had all sorts of you know nonsense that they just couldn't get past in their head so yeah not not you know someone who doesn't have someone who's ready to do what they got to do and they're calm about it but yeah good question what about you Scott like what obviously I know that we all agree with what was just said which is just it's the individual but what are usually easier to coach men yeah what what is it easy like what are things that make it more difficult to coach anyone like maybe something in their head or whatever or something that makes it easier to coach someone you know I mean because you know like in my head the thing that I'm getting at is like four four nicky four me I always just loved the process I never like even when I was vying for my pro card I never thought about the finish line during a prep I just did when I supposed to every day I didn't even really hang up on the results because I understood that I hired someone I trusted yeah and he would take care of it if I put all of my focus into the day to day execution that's a good I would send pictures and not think you know and I I always felt that that made me invincible like you know a lot of people for example like Chris used to laugh but the last couple days before show a lot of people are really like amped up because things got a change and I got to do this I got to do this and Chris used to come to my room he'd be like I opposed and I'd run me through the shots in nineteen different plots in the room everyone knows that and then he'd go okay eat this and I would eat it and we chat for a minute and I'd go to sleep and he'd come knock on my door and wake me up and I'd do it again for three days I slept all day every day for three days other than when I posed and he used to laugh because he's like you're so relaxed I'm like I don't need to stress you do yeah yeah so what what are some things you think make it easier and or harder that people could maybe even try to avoid yeah I I was trying to think like one or the other and I've known coaches who've said one or the other I know one coach who works with a lot of women and he stopped coaching men he was like you know what a lot of the he was like a lot of the good male pros have more of an attitude and ego that they know how things should be done and they know their bodies and this is what they want to do versus the women are like hey I hired you for a reason because you do a really good job at this so I'm going to listen to what you say so you know I have heard people say that you'll be out loud like that yeah sorry but then yeah but I think the best people you just mentioned it dusty like the way you said I guess I don't have anything to add to it you know you just people who are just like they're to have the experience the easiest people the the most fun people are the brand new people who are competing for the first time and they're like hey you're good coach you've done this a hundred times or a thousand times I'm excited to see how this works you show me and then they're like what are we doing next and then we're like oh we're not going to do anything with the water and they're like oh really why you know it's like that's exciting to me versus when you have expectations of what you think you're supposed to do because I have I'm thinking it out more now I've had clients who've worked with me longer term and if we start doing something different than we did last time sometimes they start to they start to bite back a little bit and they're like but wait we did this last time why aren't we doing that now you know and I mean and they they have those expectations so yeah yeah I wanted to add one little thing that that just for clients my clients your clients those who want the best results for to go really really well are those who train the hardest in the gym like if you want to see results yeah when people go oh I don't have to do you know this guy doesn't do as much cardio usually that guy trains is not soft yeah and again not across the board but there is a correlation between how hard someone trains and what their cardio looks like how much muscle mass they maintain I can't stress enough the importance of that piece of the puzzle and I hate it because that's the piece I can't touch online you know like I've seen you train hard but it's those who can do that when they're smoked but does that something you can teach somebody even because like listen when I first went in the gym one of the reasons I coaches love it yeah I fell in love with it because I loved that I could be crazy with the training you know what I mean and down the road it just I could take it to new levels but it started out with that interest whereas some people it's like they just don't have it they literally they have no ability to push intensity no I think there's there's definitely a case you can't train some of it because I've had clients I can say it now I actually I got rid of a client um good guy but what we ran into was he would argue with me he would send me video and it would be nowhere near intense like not even a question and I'd go look you can do more than that with more weight no I can't I'm telling you yeah that moved very highly new there we can add multiple plates to that leg press and 10 reps yeah and after a while I was like I'm stealing from you because how I do this won't work so hire someone else and I'm not mad at you we just can't do this you know yeah really shocked but I'm like there's a difference in I advice I I think Ron I think you had one more rep there well did or didn't is it really worth it to risk it probably not so I'm but if I'm like you had 90 more pounds and 10 more reps at least yeah you're not even talking about the same thing you know yeah and for you to get in shape we're gonna need three hours of cardio yeah or you're gonna have to do 36 per body part twice a week yeah exactly you have seven hours to devote to training per day yeah yeah so yeah that's it that's that's that's the coaches dilemma and you know to be honest I think most coaches that do it full time always have at least one client where they're kind of like man I might have to cut this guy loose because I just don't know if I can get him to train hard enough to like you know you're trying to you know part of your job is to try to motivate people you know like but some coaches like they don't they're like that's not my I'm not I'm not in that business I'm not a mode like Chris acidos job is he's not in it to motivate anybody that's not that but it's not I mean like at Chris is like I'm here to like you need to look this way to compete at this level that's all I care about like Chris isn't gonna listen to you bitch about your wife or your job I couldn't picture them like he's not gonna read he's not even reading that text he's just skipping over it looking at your photo of your back double by a step and he's looking at your body weight and then he might have read the little blurb about how you passed out in the hallway yesterday but that's but maybe and he might might care about the passing out at work he might care he might not probably not so so when you think of your family depleted yeah so yeah good oh okay good you're passing out now okay we're we're rock bottom I told J and O three this is where you got a gold buddy you got a fine rock bottom did you see that tweet that you know Trump made last week that's the view of the next one yeah it all goes in this random so there's a tweet about this yeah yeah yeah so so I want like the other competitors that are using their coach for like an emotional balancing poll and and an eating disorder consultant and a stress management tool and all that stuff that you know they're entering medical doctor yeah untrained medical and psychological therapist you know you know you think that your coach is there to get you through everything and get you to the stage like I don't know not all coaches are in the business of of holding your hand to the stage like you know it has to come from you got a really want to do this you know really I'd rather my coach was really good at making hard decisions then really good at dealing with nonsense right you know I mean great that's very well said like you know my coach makes me feel so good okay but results matter you know and hey they might be a great combo maybe that coach fits that person they happened to work together well but I don't think many coaches can be a therapist for all 50 clients or you know whatever they're doing you know what I mean and god they probably hope all 50 don't need a therapist you know so I was like those those rare clients that are in prep where you're getting close and you realize you never hear from them and so you just kind of like send out a feeler sometimes like everything good no like yeah why you're like yeah I'm really ripped this morning I didn't want to be like oh yeah or those you're just like and it's not that's not that I'm not saying too little or anything you just you're stunned because everything is okay got it boom which is how I always was but it's still a little surprise when you coach enough people when you get someone who just executes and then you're like I love it much better brand like yeah I thought so too like everything is right here like so there's a reply there's a coaching reply there's a meme of a coaching reply and it can be the most professional reply of all time or it can be a dismissive reply of a bad coach no changes no sometimes that's the most professional response you're gonna get from an experienced veteran and then no changes can also be they have no aid and I didn't even look at your pictures yeah yeah so true all right I like that question that's finished it off there we go that was good that was fun a little fun with that one you know well I got a you know we're done the episodes so signing it back to those emails got some emotional support to the staff sir that's a work to do got to talk to somebody about their marriage got to help somebody make a work decision while they're on the web carbs it's only competitors that aren't allowed to do that the rest of you poured in it's fun yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah just kidding just kidding they're all great um remember everybody like share subscribe comment and remember I am mutant dot com supporting the show born hardcore mutant will be reborn hardcore at the Arnold classic this year come and see us at the booth we will all be there you might even get get a spot on a couch if something crazy happens so come down and visit us for sure and remember dusty 20 big run 20 20% off get your ice a surge get your all and and everyone should get on the gear do you have any last words to add gentlemen see you see it the Arnold how is our coverage we only skipped a few people this good I think we never done it still terrible but it was easy because there's like two guys to focus on we you know yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah don't come does for coverage okay remember everybody it's just body building