What's wired into us, right? It's like casted with evolution and all that stuff. But I think we see it in the fitness world a lot. People jumping from trend to trend. Okay, now I'm this hashtag trend trend trend. Yeah trend trend. That's all I heard. I'm trying to try to ask you what's happening. I need three work out where we're coming up. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building 2024. First episode of the new year. Welcome to the show. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Dusty handshow with the drums. Scott McNally, the producer. Thanks for being here guys. Remember, I am mutant.com. Go to imuton.com, get your ISO surge, get your all in and everyone should get on the year. Use Dusty 20, big run, 20 to save yourself 20%. And remember to think big Patreon. Keep your producer home. Scott, you're doing a lot of work with all the shows on this channel. And you know, all those, all those YouTube shorts and Instagram reels and everything that's flying. It's going well. So thanks for all that. I love it. And I love that we're stepping everything up with the T shirts now. I'm looking forward to getting mine. Are we functional on the shirts Scott? What's going on? Things are going good. We've sold a bunch of them now at this point. Everybody. What's that? We're getting there. You guys will know when I have the grill. That's that's what we'll have officially made. We're looking for our share when the grill is visible on the show. We'll be like, we're going to go to Detroit. Yeah. Yeah, many of my $17. So it's cool though. Everybody's given us really good feedback so far. Everybody who's gotten the shirts is said, oh my god, these are great. You know, because the thing is that the T shirts ever is what I believe they were saying. Like they're better than any other T shirt they've ever had. I don't know if I'd go that far, but that is very nice. Oh, it's my herd. Just saying. Okay. But yeah, it's good to hear that because there's nothing like spending your hard earned money on a shirt and then not liking it, not wanting to wear it. So these are good. I put my seal of approval on them, which I'm pretty picky when it comes to shirts. They got to be just right around the guns, just right around the waist. I know exactly what you mean. There's there's a good shirt. And there's how really good shirt. Yeah, you know. We all know that. Hey. Remember, dusty like our friend Mike at Iron of Silent uses the good shirts. Yeah, but I like to also determine on each individual shirt what it's for. Like, because you got a good like, they shirt. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, there are shirts. If anyone were to pay attention to my vast vast clothing line when I go to the gym, you're pretty much going to realize I wear three shirts on Sunday. Okay, two shirts on Monday. I mean, just the way it is. I've recently, you know, just you start discovering. I'm still I tried to get I try to cut a boat neck the other day. Did you really? Hmm, didn't work. I just want to see, but I got the angle wrong. And then I started trying to get a lower. Yeah, it was just a mess. I needed your right. So here's how I see dusty dressing. He's one of one of three different workout shirts. I've seen dusty in the gym with a hoodie on. I've seen that. I've seen dusty in the gym with a giant t shirt that's like a leg day shirt. Yep. Right. Right. And dusty wears the dusty cut shirt. Yep. There's that. And there's two versions of the dusty cut shirt. I'm not sure if it's body parts specific or it depends on how fat he feels. But he sometimes has a tank top under the dusty cut. That's fabric. I tight wife, beater. That's a fat day. Is that not that I mean, it was like a body part. It's not like a dead. This is when you're in a fat. Okay, some majority of my life. Okay. Every day. Yeah. There's just you know what's great. And I actually this happened today. I was trying to show Nikki where to stand in a mirror. So that I could get a better angle for a video because we're trying to actually like get better Instagram content. Okay. So I show her and I kind of like, so I go up and I'm like, you stand right there. Get this angle. So she gets it right. And then she shows it to me and I go, ah fuck. And she goes, I didn't do it right. I go, no, I'm just fat. I was just mad at myself. You're right. I mean, I'm in a crisis. Just realize I'm just still fat. And I really didn't know. Yeah. I lost 10 pounds. I thought I was getting leaner. Yeah, you have that moment. And you're like, oh, now. And yeah, so that was that situation. And today I was without the undershirt. So you just had the big cut shirt on. Yeah. And I mean, you know, to anyone else, I'm sure it's fine. But I just laughed because I don't know how you guys carry a fat. But my back is where the majority of my fat is. So like you can't really see much detail. It's it's just, you know, and I'm like, I think what I realized it was quite that soft still. That's the front lies to me. I got bangs right on my abs. I got the beans all in my legs. I'm like, I'm pretty good. No, eight weeks out. And you see it from the back. You send Chris a back double. And he's like, I'm not helping you. Yeah. Yeah, that's not going to work. So yeah, that was my, my mom. But the good news is when she did it. I was like, wow, she's where she's supposed to be at Fort Jumics out. I am behind. No, yeah, she's she's coming along. The the quads are like showing up now to the party. Like big time. Oh, they're like, oh, hello. Yeah. She needs this wrongs got the secret diet technique. Sorry for blowing up your business. But where do you stop losing weight and just get leaner? Where she's in that phase now. Like, she, I asked her the other day which took a picture of my quads. You're way that and she goes, oh, same as last week. I'm watching as we're filming the video. And I'm like, you're not the same as last week. Yeah, you're a store blatantly leaner. So I don't know what he does. I don't look. But anybody who wants to get ready for a show while gaining muscle and getting leaner. Call Ron. Hey, hey, I'm just making you money. I just. I'm leaving out your leaving out the genetic component, which I've nothing to do with. And then he's just a freak just sitting waiting to just, you know, like, come out of the cocoon and do another show. That's what we're dealing with here. I really ask you what you're doing with me or the chicken and rice diet that I've got her on. I just. I definitely realize that when you forget that someone hasn't competed in forever. And like when we first got together, like she was barely. Like she went to the gym, but she wasn't trained. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so as you're seeing more and more muscle, I'm like, I don't know why she's strong. I'm like, I got three 15 on debts for 15. I'm like, I could have been nice. Could have been that. Good. Good. But it's probably realized too. She's extra tough, too. I mean, she's got two kids. She lives with you. There's a lot of stuff in and patient. You know, a lot of that stuff. So yeah, we're excited. We're excited for all the shows coming up. Yes. You know, one in particular. Yeah, 2024 Arnold is looks like, I mean, the next big thing is there. There's no other pro shows before that. Is there there's no like a smaller show anywhere? I just the Ironman. Oh, wait. That was 99. Sorry. Yeah. They're good old days. In the Flex Pro. Oh, no, wait. You mean the, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So this is what we got to the Arnold so far. Now, how much bigger is this lineup going to get? Are they adding many more people? I don't think we'll add any. Yeah. I mean, that's what we're going to be like streamlined it lately. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So who in this is? First of all, hotty's there. So you've got a Mr. Olympia at the Arnold, which is always exciting. Because it doesn't happen a lot. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's like, dexter hopping in the Arnold. Like, you know what I mean? Or be like, oh, it's a Mr. Olympia. So you just got to put them at the the top of the chain and say, this is like technically the guy to beat. Yeah, for sure. So you've got hotty, Samson, and Andrew, which to me, that is your top three in order assuming everyone is right, you know, just like he thought through. Yeah. Right. The same way we kind of predicted the Olympia. We kind of went well. Technically these guys all beat these guys this year so they should land like this, right? Yeah. Which is a safe. I mean, okay. So we we had Samson, we had Andrew Jack last year, right? Going against each other. But yeah. And then we had Nick Walker. So Nick Walker was kind of like the odd man out. Now we have hotty and Samson in Andrew Jack. I wonder how I wonder how hotty is going to change the perception of the lineup. Do you know what I mean? Not just how is he going to affect it. But how is he going to affect how the judges see what the best is on stage that day? Wow. He's I think he's going to be the conditioning standard as he normally is. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. I don't agree right there. Yeah. It's it's it's. I mean, even last year when they sort of said that everyone was a little off at the O. Yeah. It was still like I still thought hotty was, you know, kind of overall kind of maybe the best condition of that group. I mean, Derek had you know the better glutes and the better bit you know, a little more detail on the back. But then hotty's pecks are crazy and all that stuff. So it was close. But I mean, I think that when hotty stands on that stage, it's they're going to we're going to have to put him front and center to start with. And yeah, obviously like we've all seen guys where we're not quite sure what version of them is going to show up. You know, but I'm not going to kind of we kind of know it's going to be like. Hardcore is possible and it's going to be, you know, crazy thick and shredded and you know, I mean, him and honey don't miss. So I expect hotty to be pretty tough to beat here. The factors that you have to consider are the trajectory that Samson has been on for the last, I guess, years. And and and also Andrew Jack, I mean, So young for like his bodybuilding ages so young that it's frightening to think that he's possibly still figuring things out a little right. Right. Right. You know, like that's mind boggling to be at that level and still sort of like a little bit unsure what we're going to see. It could be like, Oh, geez. The key still has yet to hit his best front double bicep in my opinion. Like he is right. You know how to hit that post. That's a little thing is where you're like, there's room for scary improvement, you know. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I think that's pretty that's a pretty hard top three. I mean, size wise, frame wise. I mean, obviously Samson and Andrew would be the biggest guys in the show. You know, they're both really, really, really big. You know, they're not five nine and big. Yeah. Like Andrew Jack, I got in the elevator with him last year. And I mean, I'm a big dude, you know, six foot, one maybe and like, you know, why and I just thought this guy's. He's like a, like, he made me feel like I was, I'm probably kidding it shorter than him. Yeah. Like just so huge. I was like, Oh, man. This is, and then, you know, talking to Samson, you're like, this is a really big guy. This guy's bigger than Dorian was right. Dorian was five ten. This guy's six foot. Yeah. Dorian was 265. This guy's two 85. I feel like it's like, you know, a lot of people just looking at pictures and video and we were fortunate enough. We get to go to these shows and run into these guys and, you know, appreciate exactly what's going on on like a, you know, close up level. So, you know, somebody was, how could you not mention this guy? How could you not mention that guy? And it's like, well, sometimes you've been around these guys. I think what's weird when you're alive, I got to bring something up remind me of you just triggered something I thought of from the last episode. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was going to say that one, one thing that that even for me changed at the Olympia was realizing the gap between Hottie and Derek and third place. Like right, it was it was bigger than I realized even coming in obviously, you know, we had some fun with our with our picks, but I mean overall everyone kind of really had a pretty good eye at the top three. In Samson had made such enormous changes that I thought that gap was going to be maybe non-existent. Right. I mean, Ron and I when they were all out there, I was like, oh, this is a one and two race like third is already decided, but you're not to second. It's not possible. And I just don't know even with the change they're making that there's enough time to close that gap because Hottie won't mess and if Samson comes in at his best all time, I just don't know about the time and that's where I'm I'm I always loved to know what people's game plan is like, you know, does he just want to collect as much cash as he can. How much is he getting when he wins and who had has to toss him extra money first placeings. You know, because there would be something to be said for taking some time. He hasn't taken time in the two years. He's made his biggest gains. I'm just curious from there camp when they're looking because I don't feel like Andrew or Samson were going to have the time to close the gap by the Arnold and then they're not going to have time to close it by the Olympic is the Olympus moving up in October again as well. You know, these are short short windows that I don't even for the genetically elite right, you know, that's a strange thing. You're wondering when at what point do you run out of off season as a top level guy and you're not know what you mean. They're just in this perpetual contest prep situation, which also is a bit of a testament to how freaking hard, you know, they work and how elite they are. In fact, that guys are making strides like Samson has while constantly in pretty much diet mode, you know, so it's it's definitely a different world. These guys are, you know, the elite of the elite and it's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen. Like what if Samson shows up 10 pounds bigger and in better condition? It's like with what off season did you do that? Like that's what's going on unless you okay. Yeah, you know, so, you know, what about, you know, let's, we got that, we're going to cement that are we all agreement that that sort of a probable top three. Absolutely, I think that's a good call. Now, who else here? Obviously we see hallings head on the list here, you know, good friend of ours, good friend of the show. And we're all, I assume pulling for James to be at his all-time best and look of course. So I'm really excited to see that. I know that he's really motivated to be at his best. And, you know, it would be great to see him show up and, you know, have everybody be like, this is the best James we've ever seen. That's what I always hope for the guys like that. That's a good friend of the show, you know, for sure. That's what I'm having to. I feel like there's like, when I'm looking at the list now, like the next round of guys gets interesting because a came at his best is just three key freaky tall top 10 Olympian. You know, back back in, back in change, everything. I have felt like for the longest time, Justin Rodriguez, and he's to take a break. And he just doesn't. So as much as I love his physique, I, at this point, I expect him to come in the way he always does, which is not good enough to fulfill what I think he's capable of. I think he's still like, so kind of like a crazy freak that places really well. Yeah, but I think he's a guy that can, like, he's so good. Yeah, I think he's a guy that should be pushing up and we should be talking about in the top five, and I'm not at this point. I just, and I said that because of lack of rest. And he did do, like, you know, I can't remember who he worked with, but he had like some really good results and then he switched to coaches. And then he switched coaches again, and I, I don't know him well. I don't know where that came from or whatever. The guys that get me most excited that are falling through here are of course James, but seeing Jonathan De La Rosa come back last year and look awesome again, like, and I, and I, you know, were friends, so I can say this out loud. Your friends with him when he came back, I was like, it's over to you. You've been gone too long. Yeah, right. And then he came back and I was like, I'm glad I didn't like say that out loud. Right, right, right, right. You can get me a little embarrassed that I said it to myself. I mean, he looked awesome and I don't know how long he put back into that, but I know it wasn't as long as he's had now and I'm thinking he's going to beat what he was. Plus one factor that I, I like to point out because I've been on both sides of this is his personal and professional life are in a good place. And when you have those two things and you're in prep, it is a completely different animal. I would not be stunned to see him like right outside of that top three. I mean, it could be wild to see him jump up because yeah, he's one of the biggest people you will ever see in person. Like people don't know that. I've done some events with him and there'll be, I mean, we did one with Jose, Evan, my, I mean, and we're all like dead nuts off season. So we're just as big as can be and we all look small next to John. No kid. He just up just be billowing. He was a muscle everywhere. Yes, this forum are just, I mean, it's absurd. So he's one of the guys in the exploration sees the him and goes, oh, yes, this. He's like the guy that retired for two years and has 20 inch calves and 20 inch arms. And you know what I mean, just like, he's been around for a long time too. I remember I remember him coming up like as a friend of Victor Martinez, you know, we hear about Victor and then behind him. Now now we hear about, oh, he's got this buddy John Delorosa who also has that similar kind of crazy look and shape Dominican looking got, you know, like, same kind of crowd of people over there New York and it's like, I remember when there was a lot of buzz and man that was a long time ago. There have been so many body builders that have come up and retired since that time. You know what I mean, yeah, I just think that we're talking about him potentially like that would be crazy if you were to get into the top five. Is it possible man, I would for him. It's you got to physique he's my sleeper for like people going, oh, we, y'all, I'm a scene that guy for a while, you know, and then he shows that maybe like what if he walks on stage it is best ever conditioning now we're really in trouble. Yeah, because like, you know, sometimes you know, sometimes those physiques that are like really balanced and good. And there's no clear dominant body part and then there's no weak body part. Yeah, and then the person himself, John himself is that kind of a quiet guy real nice dude. He's not like ranting and making like viral videos of, you know, you know, so like sometimes people just like the list and they're like, yeah, but I think that's my sleeper. Yeah, like, I'm going to show up surprise people. Now, what about Raphael? I was just going to mention him. I remember seeing my think it was or at the Arnold the first time that I saw him and I was just like, holy crap, this guy isn't big, but he's just incredible. I'm going to be completely honest with you. I don't have any idea where he's going to place, but I can't wait to see him. He's one of my favorites. Yeah, this is a guy who, you know, sometimes people are always not big enough, but then he'll show up at a pro show and win it and qualify for the O. Yeah, I mean, like, oh, while he's going to the O again, so like, you know, okay. Yeah, type of guy and I know the criticism is in size, like just general mass, like, I know what his body weight is at on stage, but I just don't care about that anymore. I mean, you know, I come from a generation where we watch Dexter make an entire career at a BN225 and win everything. So, you know, I don't really care too much. I just want to see Rafael at his very best because he's insane. So there's also some other exciting guys like Antoine Antoine's always great. Like Antoine always comes out pumps a crowd. Does probably probably going to be the best posing or team for that. And I also just, I want to give Antoine a little shout out here because I think he's good for bodybuilding. You know what I mean? He's one of those guys. I'm really happy to see him doing this show and really happy to see him invited to the Arnold. You know, he's one of those guys he's been through hell and he puts it all out there for everybody. Like I got to tip my hat to those people who are just willing to just, you know, put it all to good use, I guess, and maybe try to help others. So I hope that he gets a little bit of that in return with, you know, maybe his best showing ever would be nice. Absolutely. Yeah, fellow Canadian. You know, got to give him a shout. Yeah. Yeah. He's been around for a while too. You know, I remember him doing videos with John Meadows years back and, you know, just I remember him like a long time ago. So it's it's cool to see guys like that who have been around for quite a while. Yeah. And think of being exciting today. You know, it's not like just like, oh, we're going to get to see him. He was awesome back in his day. It's like, yeah. He's still growing. He's making people. Yeah. And people are trying to remember like, I mean, I think the first time I saw Antoine compete was 2005. Okay. So like he's almost 20 years of competing. Yeah. That's wild. Just think about that. All those junior candidates he won and then, you know, he banged away at the back of the, you know, kind of near the back of the super's in Canada for a bit and he figured his stuff out. Beat me in 2012 got the pro card. Working with Meadows that year and then he, you know, he had his trouble and, you know, things went off the rails for a little while and then he did the big comeback and qualified for the. Oh, yeah. That was nice. Yeah. What? And he's been super open about addiction, which I think I have a ton of respect for that because some guys, they don't want to, they don't want to be public about that stuff. But they're terrible. And then he's going to be on biceps. Yeah. Tor one by step and then I think he tore the other one like a year later. So I'm going to came back from both of those just fine. Like crazy. And the number one thing he can do though as a recovering addict is to be able to talk about that publicly because he, you know, you don't even know how much strength that gives to other people who are in the position where they're like, oh man. I didn't realize that body builders could have these problems too. So I have a ton of respect for him on that level. Yeah. So I'm excited. I'm looking forward to going, you know, Emily's coming to the old this year. Yeah. So she's going to be on the trip. I know Dusty OS says, would bring in your woman on these trips. But she's coming this way. Because we're always outhorn around eating sticks. Yeah. With horse. Who really say that we are though, like I like to like, you know, lie to seem like we're something cool. I tell them they do. Oh, sorry, we're out of some ladies. She was anyways. Yeah. I went to a concert. I went to a concert together night. I went to a show with a friend. And you know, just as the band was coming on stage, it took a picture. And I sent it to Tamley and I'm like, hey, show's starting. And I was making a joke like about going out to the bar because I'm old. I'm like, no fights yet. And then she replies, she replies and no horse. I got a good one. No horse. Remember, no horse. I'm like, okay, okay, thanks, sir. I'm a minor, you know. Okay. What else we got going on Scott? You got some good questions for us? We got a bunch of questions, but you guys are in hot water first of all. And we need to cover that. Okay. So a couple things run out of the gate. It was not. Let me see if I could find that that particular one out. You all come back to it. We'll go to this one first. Next is Ella. So everybody. Not everybody, but there were a number of people that were highly disappointed in what you guys had to say. They were like, you guys, look at him. He's incredible. Look at the the physique he has and he's basically brand new still. How can you not see the potential in this guy? They they they listen to what you said and they think that you're completely writing him off that he's not anything special that he's he has no potential of turning into anything. That's what I think some people got from them. Well, I saw a couple of those comments and you know, I think this is part of the podcast thing, you know, you wind up talking about something that you didn't have on the agenda. So you may be chat sideways about it for 30 seconds. You don't quite go into depth, you know, you're sort of talking and reference to something else that you were talking about. And I get what they mean. I think to people got to remember like yes, he is unbelievably massive with crazy muscles. He could use some balance here and there if you're in a nitpick, but that's what we do. These are the best of the best. We nitpick them, you know, that's just the nature of it. But I think that it's also just like we're a little jaded. We've seen a lot of guys come along that had crazy potential. You know, we've seen guys come up where we're like man, this guy's masses, not if he just gets this in or whatever. And then I think just so many times we just don't really see the guy again. Yeah, like they maybe just never quite get it together. Do a couple shows and move on. And I think that it's just us being a little jaded like we take more than just sort of like, you know, I mean he did a quick appearance. He got his pro card and then he did the pros showing about second to Samsung, right? Yeah. And that was kind of yeah, I'm like, okay, well, let's see how this season goes. Right. Let's see how this season goes. And obviously, I mean, he could make massive step ups. I know he's got a career, help him to a degree. I mean, a career man was in his corner the last, like I saw pictures with him anyway. So, I mean, careers on a dummy, they're going to do it. They can get him at his very best. He's exciting. He's exciting. I guess maybe I'm just old enough that I don't have a lot of excitement left. You know what I mean? This guy said I touched out to buy boron in Vanneville, sulfate back in the day. It takes a lot to get me excited about a new supplement, you know? So I was going to say that it's, I think you kind of nailed it wrong is it's not that we're not, I mean, obviously he's ridiculous. But I feel like when you're doing podcasts, one of the things that you try not to do, it's just parrot the obvious. Like we almost say he's got big legs. You have ice. He's a freak. He's got all the ice. He's got all the ice. You know, it's just, you know, it's one of those things where to me. It's like, all I'm saying is I want to see how it stacks up over time with other guys. And he did like, I love, yeah, that's what you just never. I love to see the ones that can last a long, long time. You know, that was my, and again, it's not like, oh, I don't think he can. The only thing I've seen so far from him was awesome. Yeah. You were awesome. But, you know, it really does come down to wanting to see over time because there's a guy where you're looking going, well, what needs to be better. And I mean, obviously, we know he could bring his upper body to match, but it's like realistically, that's a, that's a much taller task than people try to act like it is. Like, do you think that Chris is going to show him how to do a barbell row? Like, right, you know, he is already doing all these things. And I'm sure he'll make drastic improvements in those things. So it's not a shot on that. It's just the greatness is obvious. So I don't really feel the reason to comment. If you look back, we didn't start going on about Samson until he did it twice. He blew up for the Olympia. And we're like, oh, cool. Then when he came in the Arnold, there was like, well, like, I didn't have Samson winning the Arnold when he won. Like, wasn't even in the back of my mind. Then he makes a huge jump again. And you're like, okay, this is absurd. Now, now we're leading into the Arnold again this year going, well, Samson could gain 10 more pounds. I mean, which is completely ridiculous to say, but again, like you were saying around, the track record says the trajectory is not slowing down. So that's the only thing I think people missed is because he's impressive as is. And if he never gets better, he's a threat to win any smaller show. So yeah, he is beyond impressive. But it's just, I don't like to just go tossing in. Like, it's very popular in our sport to look for a new winner. Right. Oh, that's guys the next Ronnie. No, he's the next him. And I think he's going to put on a hell of a show in a great career. But there is no next deck. So there's no decks Ronnie. They're just the next guy doing what he does. So it's exciting for sure. I'm also glad to see him not jumping into some crazy show right out the bat. Because we do see a lot of that. Guys is jumping in. I think your guy that won the Arnold amateur is doing the Arnold this year. And he trains out in Arizona. And I don't know him personally. But I'm like, I want us to deep to bad decision. Like if I wasn't his corner, but don't do this. There's nothing good comes out of this. If you get, you know, third from last, like you're not in that mix yet. So I don't see the point. But again, that's just my opinion of those things. I'd rather be like, go into a smaller show. Get the top three when who knows. Yeah. I just don't know if people who haven't been around the sport really understand when you're there, the difference. I've been to every level show there is. And when you're the Arnold, you're the Olympia. And the top group comes out. They're all ridiculous. Yeah. I think one of the things that people need to see in person kind of, one of the experiences that you can't get watching shows online or being just a massive fan digitally is that, you know, we see guys like Raphael or whoever do a pro show and win it. Right? Like man, that guy killed that show. Right? And then they stand in a lineup with the top five Olympians. And you're like, what a cavern between, oh yeah. Like, hotion, Derek, and, you know, the top group of guys. And the really great guys that kicked everyone's ass at other pro shows. And when you see it in person, you're like, oh, like, yeah, there's, because you know, sometimes you look at photos and you're like, how do they pick the top five? This is a great lineup. But then when you're there in person, you're like, oh, that's pretty clear. That guy, that guy, that guy, that guy, top five, like, like, just so much more mass on them or whatever. Like, you know what I mean? So I think that's one of those things. People get caught up in that a little bit. But when you're there and you see it in person, it helps you understand body building better. And it's why I tell everyone, like, if you ever get a chance to go to the Olympia or the Arnold, like, do it. It'll, it'll change how you view everything when it comes to like actual body building contests. You know, that's my favorite thing. Just because you said that and we have a lot of this going on in the States and how you have it. You guys seem to have a better path, wrong than we do here. But I really feel like more amateurs need to go to the, the nationals, go to the US says, go as a fan to these shows. Because I really, I, I, that jump also is freaky. You know, I had been to the USA's like three or four times before I ever qualified. And yeah, when I qualified and someone said, are you doing the USA or the nationals? I laughed because I was like, are you out of your mind? Yeah. And it was because I've sat five rows back from these guys and went, I look very good for a regional level body builder. I look terrible for a pro qualifying body builder, you know, so I think that, you know, like you said, right, completely agree, but just to hit for our, a lot of our viewer listeners are absolutely on that path. It's, it's, it's awesome to do because it also gives you a place to pace yourself and watch. And because then when you do look in the mirror and you are ready, you'll know. You're like, yeah, I can say with those guys, it'll elevate you. I mean, I went and saw the nationals. I saw two Canadian nationals before I ever did them. I saw one when I was 15, which like changed my life. And then I saw one the year before I did my first nationals. Like I said, I qualified could have gone. It was in my home town. Everyone was telling me, it's only 10 more weeks on the diet. And I'm like, nah, it's 10 weeks off season for me. I'll be sitting in the front row watching the show. And I sat there and I watched the heavy weights because there was no super zip the time. Showing my age. I'm watching 73. And sat there and I watched the heavy, that watched the heavy weights. And I was like, I could maybe make the top five here. So then I was like, so with another year of hard work, I want to be in this mix and smash in some of these guys. And so that was my goal. But the mindset, you know, seeing it from whatever, you know, I was really close, whatever, row I was in five or three or whatever. Seeing it, it really was locked in the mental. Like, you know, some people like you said, if you've never seen it up close, sometimes you just don't get how far behind or maybe how great you actually measure up. So, you know, especially when people are spending thousands and thousands of dollars, like you see people that have like mortgages and kids and all this important stuff. And they're like, I'm going to go to Toronto and do the nationals, right? And it's like, okay, that's great. Like, I'm not going to tell you how to spend your money. I'm not going to tell you how to invest your time. And I'm not going to tell you how to live your life. But I, as a bodybuilder, when I was doing that, I made damn sure that if I'm spending thousands of dollars to go to nationals, I'm a threat. Because there's no way I want to waste four grand to go to Toronto and get my butt kicked. That would have just sucked. So I didn't go to nationals until I was looking in the mirror going, I could win this. Right. Because I was just so hell bent on not wasting any time. And it wasn't an experience for me. It was a, a absolute goal, right? It wasn't just to see how, like, oh, see how this goes. I was like, so yeah, that's definitely something that changes your perspective as seeing it up close before you do it. Or yeah. What else we got, Scotty? Right. We got a bunch of list of questions. I'm going to jump to those real quick. And then I had another retraction for a little bit later. I'll pull up. I have a retraction too. Do you? All right. It might be the same one. Hey, it's so dusty. When measuring your foods, do you use raw foods or cooked weights? I used cooked. I always have. How long you run? Yeah, cooked. Cook. Cook and bulk. Yep. I get the, I get the measure. I get the measure raw thing like, but it is not, it's, if you're cooking, how do I put this? The people that say, oh, you got to measure your food raw to get real weight because you might cook your chicken more one day than other days. And then it's a little bit, you dry it out more. So now it weighs less. So now you can eat more of it or you might overcook your potatoes. So now you wind up having more potato because of whether way you weigh it. Like that sort of thing. But, but my answer to that is, aren't you a bodybuilder? Aren't you super consistent? Don't you do things exactly the same every day? There's the answer to your question. Just cook your rice exactly the same all the time. And then you can measure it cooked. Cook your chicken exactly the same all the time. Don't worry about it. Sorry, I cut you off asking Ron. What was your thought? No, no. That's basically this. I mean, that's the same mentality that I see, which is, you know, and to steal something Ron has said a million times. We're worried about that, but then completely off on things that really, really matter. You know, because these are, and again, I'm creating stories. But a guy who's arguing with me about cooked versus uncooked food, stays up three hours late to watch a movie tonight. Yeah. And then sleep soon. Like when you like Ron said that, if you when I was bodybuilding trying to turn pro or as I put on, my day was ground out day. Yeah. I went to bed sometime. I woke up at the same time. Everything was the same. Like it became a joke with my YouTube videos and stuff for fun. But like I used to use to sugar free syrup. I didn't weigh it. I put it on the exact same way. Yeah. Right. I guarantee you there were a few more grams this day or that day. You know, but it wasn't a huge deal. I didn't measure my sodium from the low sodium soy sauce. I added in about the same every day and it's fine. I just think that that's one of those things like it comes down to chances are you're somebody who has a life somewhere you're paying your bills and it's just faster to cook your food and I used to, I mean, now I have a luxury of being home more, but I used to cook. I started at six days at a time. Then I just realized the food tastes like garbage and I was eating sawdust by the fourth and fifth day. So then it just became twice a week. The longest time I had my routine of both of my off days a week were cooked days. Okay. Every single week. Exactly the same. Measured out. Simple to go. So it's not perfect. But I just think it's more sensible. And yeah, I can say as particular as I was about bodybuilding, that difference was not the biggest variance in my career where I was like, ah, I never looked back at a show and said, if only I had a measure that cooked or on the first. Yeah. I say I've never seen someone in unbelievable condition and thought that it was because they cooked their food raw or measured it right there. You know what I mean? Like it's hardly anyone does that. I've met guys that are like, oh no, I cook every rice meal separate. Yeah. Yeah. I don't quarter quarter cup dry rice. And then set that aside for one meal and I'm cook another quarter cup and then set that like up. You can go down a rabbit hole with that too. Because if you really think about it, depending on how much water is in your rice after you cook it, it's going to weigh different. It's going to sit in your measuring cup different. I have to show the same right at one time. And I was like, shall be, what do you think about this? You're like, you know, just don't overthink it because I had a client who was asking me like, should I measure it dry and you know, because I'm thinking I'm going to mess things up and shall be responsible as well. It works for people that I work with at the Olympia level. So it will probably work for him too. You know, just. You know, just. You cut the food. You scared for that. You're done. Yeah. You got to do as much an old J-Videally pulls like holes on top of the fridge. Yes, goop some right so it's like, okay, problem solved. J is doing it. Let's go. Yeah. Works for J. Works for J. Works for J. Yeah. It's going to come out as I like to say it all comes out in the wash. Yeah. You know. All right. So what was your, what was your, what was your, uh, retraction run? Oh, I had a laugh because during the barbarian brothers. Uh, episode. I accidentally said Richard mole. Who was Jaws, but it was Richard Keele of course, which I knew. And Richard mole was bull the bailiff on night court. And I was a fan, both those guys were great. They were both super tall actors. But Richard Keele is a legitimate giant. He's actually passed away now. But he actually had giantism. And I believe Richard mole, the, um, Bull from night court was just a really tall guy. But, but yeah, they were both good actors. And I, I got their names mixed up. And as soon as I did it, I knew I was like, oh, that was Richard Keele. And then I read it. So, like, two other guys, three other guys spotted. Oh, yeah. There was like five. That's Richard Keele. There's like, yeah, deep, a little at this point. Idiot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, I had to, uh, I got an issue of retraction over this. So, you know, I have to ask on your retraction. What is the difference between a really tall guy and someone with a giantism as you call them? Well, Richard, Richard Keele is a legitimate giant. So, he's got a pituitary gland. It's like way too big. And his, he had like the, the kind of the features that big forehead. The sort of, you know, different looking structure in the face. True giants, you know, you know, custom shoes that, you know, size 20. He started to get into like this sort of stuff, right? Um, uh, so yeah, legitimate giantism is like a growth hormone production thing, right? Uh, generally disorder. So there's a difference. And then some guys are just really tall and they play basketball, you know? Yeah. And they're rich. Okay, got it. Yeah, yeah. And then giant's also because of, you know, giantism and like massive amounts of G.A. She's a guy pretty young. Yeah. Your heart's growing overgrown. Yeah. That's sort of thing. They don't tend to live too long, you know? So, all right. Now that we're here. So, I think, to, with the barb brand brothers, it makes their life more full. Yeah. And then we do this on TV and everything else. Yeah. Yeah. So that was so bad. That was amazing. That's our new face on. We'll see you soon. We'll see you soon. We got it. Take, can you lift the audio from that? Oh, sure we can. Oh, sure. Oh, that would be. To turn it out, clean it up. They have to turn it to a producer to like elevate the, bring the spring, the vocals out, make it really good. I can do that. I can do all of that. Yeah. Yeah. We have a producer for that. Yeah. I just saw it. He, I doubt source it. You know, because he's too busy doing everything. Yeah. They have like a produced version of that song in the Think Big Movie, where they're over the road truckers. Yeah. I watched the intro scene. That's about all I got through. It was like 10 minutes long. Okay. So my mission for Scott is to find a good audio version of that song and somehow we have to try to use it without any copyright infringement. You think it's a small enough song that nobody would own. Nobody will know. Yeah. Nobody will know. This keeps your mind. Yeah. No one's making money on that song. That's right. It's not Spotify. We're fine. Yeah. All right. How about this one? So this isn't from our thread. By the way, guys, if we could use some questions for the next episode, so be sure to comment with questions for the next episode on YouTube. Plus, all the likes and comments, all that stuff you guys are doing, a freaking great job by helping the booster shows up. This is not from that, though. This is from our Think Big Facebook group. Matt posted this and I wanted to bring it to you guys. Everybody in the group was cool. We gave them some good insight, but I wanted to turn to you guys too and get your thoughts. So he says, hey, guys. This is my first time posting here. I'm wondering if anyone has tried the carnivore diet and has any tips or results. I'm keen to give it a crack, but I don't know how much. I don't know much about slash keen to hear people's results. Since he's using words like keen and give it a crack, I'm going to guess that he's from the UK. Yes, that goes without saying. So anything like that? I have not done that. And it simply put, I just never saw the point in starting a diet, even when I was retired, that I couldn't just do. I just, that's always been the most simple thing I learned in body, everything is if it's not something you can do long term with your lifestyle. I don't want to do it. And I haven't seen anything where you've looked at data that says, you should do this for sure. You know, I can find data that shows it's good. But there's nothing that's like, I feel like at the end of the day, if nothing, if something's not proven to be absolutely better for me. I don't want to even shift my life around and make it happen. You know, there's no reason. Like if somebody could prove to me that rice was hindering my health, I will stop eating it. But until then, it's fine. You know what I mean? So that's my, you're a good person. I, I, I don't slow down for any non facts. You don't even mean like I, so that type of thing like I wouldn't, I totally agree. It's the sustainability in ease, even as a bodybuilder, I always chose the easiest, least stressful way to eat. You know what I mean? Like, you know, a pseudo would say, have some potatoes or some rice. Like, let's do potatoes or rice. And I would just go, which is already in the fridge. Right. Right. There's my answer. Like, I put zero thought into that stuff, right? And, and, and, and, so if you said, hey, here's a new diet, but you can't eat any of this or any of this or any of this. I'm like, what do you mean I can't? I've successfully eaten everything and been in great shape. Yeah. Right. Like, I, you know, you should see, I literally ate like quite sizable amounts of crap every single day for the last 10 days. And I still essentially look identical because I managed it with, you know, damaged control and activity levels and the odd stretch of no carbs, you know? Like, well, I picked out last night, so I have like no carbs for three meals in next day and like just didn't care and like, and just managed to hold my weight. It's pretty much the same now. Right. And so that sort of proved to me that there's no like, you have to eliminate this entire type of food or anything like that. I, I think that with my knowledge now, like, you know, that it fits your macros. We don't really like to, you know, there's a lot of problems with it when you just let people free, free style their macros completely. Right. You know, and they wind up eating Oreos for their carbs and fats. It's so there's, there's sometimes stuff like that, but I think that a certain level of experience, I could probably get in great shape with no rules other than macros because I'm so aware of my body and all that. You've done it for so long. Done it for so long. So when someone says, like, you know, the carnivore diet and eliminate all carbs, I would have to see like hard data that I was going to live longer or something like that. Like, I think he's just trying to figure out how to get in shape too. I think that's what it's like, you know, you hear, okay, no work. So maybe I maybe that's my ticket, you know, or carnivore, you know. Yeah, well, there's some value in maybe trying it with like, I mean, you know, I think sometimes to the mistake with diets like that is people think, okay, I'm a carnivore now. And they literally say like, I'm going to be a carnivore now for the rest of my life, like, and then of course, you're going to take on. Yeah, you're going to get, but I don't see anything wrong with like, I'm going to do this for like four weeks. And I'm going to see what happens in document things and maybe I'll change it up or whatever. That's a healthier way to approach it. But sort of going all in on big huge trends that aren't really backed by like, you know, tons of real data yet. I think that's a mistake. So plus just work backwards. And this goes for not just like choosing diets, but in general, there are certain things, for example, like you've said million times around it on the same way. What kind of digestive problems do you have? Like non-mintagre. What do you mean? Well, if I ate something and I felt off, I just never ate that again. Yeah, I had a full serving of broccoli literally in 2009 with a meal and I got really bloated. And I was like, oh, I don't like broccoli. And then at another point in my credit, one more time bloated again. I got, oh, broccoli doesn't work for me and that was the end of it. Like right, I can't understand people who that's like they're trying to force broccoli down. You know, or or if they like I've had clients and I am with you Scott, like I've done a lot of, you know, the low fat fish in my career. I really saw a difference. And I have a clients go, I don't like fish, I'm like cool, then we don't eat it. Yeah, yeah. Okay, I don't care. The only way to do it, do. Yeah, then we're going to do this other really low fat item called chicken breast. Yeah. You know, I mean protein powders. So just keep those things in mind because I do feel like anytime you're choosing a diet, I had a conversation last night at the cigar bar during I got was asking me about he's he's lost like 80 pounds. Okay. He's now reached a point where it's not just losing weight anymore. You know, he wants to have some muscle and he's been doing intermittent fasting as a way to, so he wasn't measuring any of his food. He's just like, you're really not going to screw up in two meals since he's been fasting all this time. So he can kind of eat whatever, but now he wants more performance. He wants this and that. And he said to me, he goes, okay, so my understanding is the proteins high carbs are low and fats are moderate. Yeah, yeah. He's screaming. I was a loud one. But you know, so the factor is is just that they're nice and nuts, not necessarily the case. Also, carbs could should be high and fat. No, no, no, no. Doesn't matter. I agree with the protein side because you want to maintain or build muscle mass. The other two things I just want to do math. What's easier for your life? What feels better? You know, I like to look at a plate of food when I'm dieting, which means greens and rice filling my plate makes me happy. I do not want to have a tablespoon of oil. But mathematically fine. So if you really just don't like to eat very much, you want to eat that and have it's good oil and call it a day. Great. We're fine. So just factor those things into because I really do think when someone says I'm going to try the carnivore diet. Again, give it a roll, but make sure it's functional. I did the same thing with red meat. I like red meat. And I said, I want to see what happens if I just eat red meat. Always. And I have egg whites and stuff as far as my meats. And I just did my blood work every four weeks for a while. Just to see what would happen. And I was like, oh, nothing happened and I like it better. Cool. I'm going to do that. Right. Right. Right. That was the science behind the whole thing. I was like, I don't know what will happen. So I'm just going to test and as long as my blood works says that I'm fine. And it was. And I've had a blood work, you know, another panel done six months later. I literally rarely eat anything white meat. I don't really love it. And I'm like, oh, yeah, we're healthy. So that's cool. It's just more expensive. But that's fine. I want to touch on something. It might be slightly off the topic, but it's more of a general thing. Dusty. Dusty mentioned it. I remember Bill Bird did a bit on joining a group. Who joins a group? You remember that bit he did? He's going off. People. Yeah. And yelling at me. And that. Yeah. I joined a group. I got a giant group. I need to need to talk to people. They're just like me. But he had this still cynical take on joining groups. But I think that it's it's it made me laugh because we do we do see, especially with social media. A lot of people. I mean, there's there's a bit of a problem with the newer generation. Always wanting to identify with a group. And always wanting to be part of a group. It's kind of a cultural thing. I have always tried to not be in a group. Like, you know what I mean? And I don't mean, you know, getting a newsletter or something. But I just, you know, people. Like, if people say, what are you? I'm like, oh, my guy that has a lot of interests. And I do these things. Whereas other people, you say, what are you? And they can give you a definition immediately. Bidbiller. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big one. Yeah. Or just like this new generation though, I think it's all. Everybody, you know, when you're younger, we're all looking for a sense of identity. Yeah. Yeah. I think we just see that it's been a bit magnified by social media. Because everyone wants like a group, you know, even put it in their little, little bio, the group that are member of, you know, and I think that that is something that, you know, it's wired into us, right? It's like, casted with evolution and all that stuff. But I think we see it in the fitness world a lot. People jumping from trend to trend. Okay. Now I'm this hashtag to trend trend trend trend trend trend trend. Yeah. Trend trend trend. That's all I heard. Trend trend action. Wait, what's happening? I need to be free workout where we're coming up. But, you know, when you follow the trends, people do tend to get, well, oh, sorry. That's not going to get in huge. When you follow the trends, you know, I just, I think it's, you know, be careful. Be careful joining these groups when it comes to nutrition and diet and, you know, our old friend Lane would use a word zealots. Yeah. You know, what's your zealots? We can you end up, but you end up with and a lot of those is these absolute statements. Like this is the right diet. Yeah. This is the right thing. It was the same for me with with Harley's. Like I didn't have bikes for a long time again. And then I started by about a couple of Harley's. I don't own a single Harley t-shirt. I do not think there's anything wrong with your Kawasaki, your Indian, whatever that, I don't give her. Right. You really lost her confidence. It does. It's matter. Like, and, and, you know, if you, why'd you get on? I just like some, why? I like them. Well, this is better. Cool. Like, it does not matter. But it's important because a lot of times, I mean, my dad was, he was the stereotype. I mean, every black Harley shirt I'd ever seen in the history of the world was in his closet. Yeah. So you're a Harley guy. I am not right. I have a couple of them. You know, you know, but that's it. So I agree with you, Ron, especially with things like nutrition because you find yourself picking sides. You don't even have to pick. Yeah. I was at some advice that I heard a while ago, and it related to so much. And it related to social media was be careful what bandwagon's you jump on because you don't want to have to go back and delete embarrassing videos of yourself. Yeah. You do remember. I don't know if it was. I don't know if it was. I don't know if. Oh, it was, I was, I think I'm, we might have just been talking to him. It might have been you and I just talked into Rob Bailey. If you remember this, Ron, but one of us asked him if he was still a vegan. And he said, no, but I don't eat meat. Yeah. And I was like, what do you mean? And he goes, I don't want to identify with them because it's become a cult. He's like, I eat within the, what they say, but I am not a vegan. I do not talk about it. Yeah. He wears leather boots. Right. A true, like there's these because he, I remember he told me once that there's like a purest type of vegan that will like attack you for saying you're, oh yeah vegan because you're not. Oh, you have leather boots on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You have leather belt. Your, your car has leather seats. Like there's real purest out there, right? And people see that extreme man maybe they get into something. Maybe they get into the carnivore diet or they get into the vegan diet. And they think, oh, this is great. And then they realize like, oh, there's like a, there's like a deep end to this group. Yeah. I don't want to be in that group. Yeah. Yeah. That's, yeah. But that was a prime example because he's like, I still live my lifestyle the way I set out. But I will not use that word to describe myself or how I eat that side. Just describe how I eat. Yeah. I think this guy is maybe he's newer to trying to get into shape. And my thought is is that a lot, what I'll do with people and I'm sure I'm absolutely positive you guys will do the same thing is say you have somebody that comes to you and they're not following any kind of diet right now. If you just put them on clean foods, the chicken rice diet, you know, use clean foods. They're probably going to start losing fat. And they might even say, oh, my God, I can't believe I'm eating this much and the scales dropping. So I would start there and eventually there are those people that you say you remove the carbs. And then maybe you get to get really lean you end up removing some fats. Maybe you're on protein only. Maybe you have gone carnivore, you know what I mean at that point. And by then it makes sense for a period of time. But I bet that if he's not on a fixed diet yet, if he just cleans things up, all clean sources get on a fixed meal plan that he'd do all right. You know, he would start making progress. And that'd be my thought to do that first. Yeah, I definitely agree. Definitely farm grade sources. Oh, wait. Harma. With a pH. With a pH. Oh, wait. All about the farms in the farm. All right. You got a couple more from Patreon. So let's just try to make sure we get through these. He's supposed to hurry up. Yeah, so we got we got we're more on time. You're when I'm sharing. We want to make sure we cover these. So King Kamali posted about shock days today. Months a month. You take one exercise for one muscle and you do five hundo reps for that one exercise and how ever many sets it takes. He called it shock days to shock the muscle into new growth thoughts on something like this. For God. Um, yeah, so there's I got like two takes on this. Um, one is it. I think things that make training fun and exciting and maybe someone super motivated to do them. I have to like make sure that I give credit to the value of that because I remember being a young body builder and reading about the eight hour arm workout in muscle mad. Later became rich pianist because he took it from muscle mad, right? But I remember reading about the eight hour arm workout and we were so excited to do it and we did it. We did the eight hour arm workout. We packed all our shakes and we went to the gym at nine in the morning and we trained all day long with the eight hour arm workout. And measured our arms the next day and they were bigger because they were like inflamed. Yeah. You measure and they're like literally like over a quarter inch bigger and you're like, oh man, arms crew, right? I just remember all the excitement and I'm not going to say that that wasn't valuable or fun. And then there's also some interesting studies and some evidence about like underlating your volume, you know, like, you say have a weak body part like you're trying to bring your quads up. And a lot of people think in terms of like the whole year they're like, well, you know, 20 sets of quads. I'm going to be a recover from 20 sets of quads. Okay, well, maybe you can't recover from 20 sets of quads all year. But maybe you can hit 20 sets of quads a week for like five weeks and then back off. And if you back off your other volume to make room for all this quad volume, maybe you will see it gross, spurt and your quads. And there's been some, I've seen some cool stuff that just might be a cool way to deal with weak body parts is really target them. You know, we give them their own day, we give them a few extra sets. Maybe we really prioritize our splits for our weak body parts. Maybe an interesting way to do things and I'm open to it. So I say there might be value in like shock type of things, but I don't think one single workout is is you can imagine to make everything, you know, more balance. But I, I'm not going to completely discount it, you know, there's, there's fun and motivation and training hard and, you know, like I said sometimes we do crazy stuff just to make our minds harder. And there's a value there, but you know, it is what it is. Yeah, I think the, the, the stick for me and why my answer is way shorter than runs and it's just now is because. No, shut up. I just read, well, though, because on the edge of the run, I just read exactly what he said. And if I read exactly what he said in the answer is no, right there you go. Okay. That's he's dusty smart when you, when you expanded, you know, far enough obviously any, any shock will like I do push clients all the time. They say hey, I'm out of town, say they're on a very specific training program, I'm going pick every piece of equipment in that gym, you don't have. And just replace a press for a press of this for that. And I promise you if you train as hard as you always do, you are going to be wrecked tomorrow. So sort of. And it's going to be fun. Yeah. And and you nailed that and I agree a million percent with that. It's just, I wish it were that easy to create new growth the way he sold it because I would have been a monster because when I was a kid, I was like, you run. What else can we do? You know, if somebody told me, okay, if you just had the beginning of every workout, do 10 sets of biceps, I'll do it. Yeah, I want my eye. I'm sure you're having a really every day. Yeah, every single day got it biceps, you know, so I just like to make sure people understand those. Those. Absolute are always funny to me in body building, but yes, doing anything different. It is going to be, you know, it's going to change things. If you ever want to have your board with your trainer team, I challenge you to walk in the gym, whatever body part it is and do your usual workout backwards. It'll be good. Yeah, that's, that's, I love that. That's great. I forgot about that. I used to do that too. Just flip your fun thing to do and all of a sudden when you're going to your, I mean, most of us are, I am definitely the guy who wants to do my heavy stuff first. You want to humble yourself. Do your entire workout and then go do your dead lifts when you're completely annihilated. Right. It's game changing and you are sure the next thing. You're going to do it all the time, but it is fun. And I've done that on days where I was kind of like, I'm healthy to train, but I can tell I'm just not 100% there. Rather than have a crappy workout chasing my log with it's not going to win. I'm just going to do it backwards. And it's going to be really hard and I won't know if I left any reps, like if I was strong or the time before, you know, so that's fun. Yeah, like it. All right. So Brian has when he says any guidance or how you or body builders you know deal with training with ongoing back or sciatica issues. I'm a, I've had. I've had sciatica before and yeah, they really sucks because it makes like, you know, even like chess supported rows will hurt because you're everything get, you know, you're tensing, you know, you're tensing your core and you're tensing your, you're tensing your hips and everything to stabilize. So it's really hard to get away from, you know, you can't just not do barbell rows. And you know, even doing your pull downs and stuff, you feel like, you know, every time you come down and you contract, you feel like the shoots down your leg or whatever. I've had like, sciatica that was really interruptive of my training and it usually had to do with hip flexor issues. Yep. Um, glute, uh, tightness, IT band, all that. It's just something's a mast down your leg and usually IT or quad. It's usually not what you think. Most people with sciatica issues are like, what's so remote with my glute and hamstring. Yep. That was it. Yeah. Yeah. No, it might be your quad. It might be your calf pulling on your quad, which pulling on your IT band pulling on your glute, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. Um, so there's something he's really got to get worked out. It's like, you know, you're not a sex man because it can really interrupt a lot of stuff. You know, you think you can train around, you know, what appears to be a lower back issue, but, um, It can hurt doing all sorts of stuff. It's real pain in the ass. I mean, I wish somebody told me that stuff in years ago, because I had gone as far as to had seen an orthopedic surgeon to look at my back and get an MRI and got court his own shots. And then I was like, you know, I'm not in this the SI joint, all that kind of stuff. And later, I realized that my glutes were too weak. So if I were to strengthen my glutes up and then I think you nailed something with hip flexors, I can't speak for it. We don't know what his situation is, but those two things nobody nobody ever said like, hey, you got an imbalance here. You know, your glutes are too weak. Nobody ever said, hey, have you tried stretching your hip flexors? Like nobody said that they're like, yeah, well, look at your spine and see if we need to do surgery. You know, it's like, why not have started there? And now, if any of that, like after I strengthened my glutes, I've told that story here before it changed everything. And in my ability to stabilize like bent over row type movements got so much better with stronger glutes and being able to activate them. And now, like, I started getting a little bit of back pain this past week. And instantly, I knew I'm like, oh, I got to stretch my hip flexors. I did that for a day and guess what, it's gone, you know? Yeah, it's what I do in the morning. I get up every morning. And my lower back is tight and hurts. And I stretch out my hip flexors because I've been having that hip issue. And I stretch out, especially my right hip. I get up in the morning. My back is tight. Like feels like I came and bend over to touch my toes. But I'll hook my foot and I'll stretch it out and lean back into it and get things moving. Put the gun on it, get things going through the glute. Yeah. And then like literally five minutes later, I'm walking around the house like normal. And Emily will be like, oh, you woke up. Like, walking like a zombie in five minutes later, you're just like walking around the house doing everything. And it's just how I just need to release it. It's so tight every morning. Yeah. I was going to say just to help the guy, if you can reach out to anyone locally that knows a great physical therapist. And I say that because PT's are like personal trainers are like hair stylist like there's a million a month there. But if you can find someone that is great, they will probably and I literally, I mean, my guy when I was when I kept pulling my ad doctor totally different injury, but I kept having an issue. I reached out, found a guy to go see Jason who I literally saw every single week from the day I saw him for this first thing. It took him five minutes. Worked my body around and he goes, you have poor ankle mobility in your right ankle. Yeah. Cool. Anyways, my ad doctor's messed up dumb ass. And he's like, yeah, I'm going to fix your ankle. And then it was coming. Right. Now there are some things where they're going to say, here's the issue. It's going to take time and let me tell you what you can do. But right now, you're trying to train around an issue. And all you're going to do is have someone like you said, Scott, someone to tell you what's actually wrong, which a good PT can literally, they'll put you through emotions, do different strength tests on different things. And this is why anybody who's ever followed my Q&A very long. A question comes up on something like this. And I go, call a good PT if you're in Arizona, go see Jason. He will solve your problem. Right. Or way out of my depth. I couldn't, yeah, even remotely cover this, even if I could physically see you, because I don't know what he's testing. But there are ways for them to actually break down exactly where the weakness is in a session if they're good. And then tell you how to fix it. And then your whole life has changed. Because like, look at your Scott, I mean, you completely changed an issue that was like damning for the longest time. And now you even know enough about your body to make adjustments on the fly. Now we're like, oh, no, no, this isn't my back. It was crippling before to the point where like, oh, man, I threw it out. Now I know the next two to five weeks is going to be shics every back day, every leg day. Yeah, you know what I mean? That's brutal. That makes me quit. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I got one more from Nick. He is at Patreon as well. Now he's posted this question a bunch of times. He's looking, get ready to make it. I'm going to, I'm going to warn you guys. I need you to make a funny answer. He wants a funny answer for this one. All right. And we'll go. So you got to be think funny. He says I've got two questions that were missed in previous threads. Fun question for Ron and Dusty. Who picks sets and reps specifically? How many reps to do? Everyone has heard of five by five, three by ten, three by eight or twelve, etc. But I have never seen a seven by nine. It's always the same sets and reps. Where did these come from and why? If you don't, if you don't know, feel free to make up a good story for the show. I feel like Ron could pull shit something very believably. Maybe it will be the new truth. I think you know, the new truth. It just needed to try to create a new truth. I've been holding this one Ron for you for like, he's poor Nick. He's posted this like five times. And it's, I pulled it multiple times. It just never was the right moment. So now you're on. Be funny and go. You don't mess this up. I think we've we've we've seen. I remember when honey came out with FST seven. Yes, yeah. And added the seven sets of 15 at the end of every workout with a specific exercise. It was like for the week area of that body part, whatever. Yeah. So it was that FST seven. And of course, because this was an odd number, it wasn't a three or four or five, right? And then on usual number. And he was able to get a patent from the US government. Did he really get a patent on that? Yeah. So so so anyone else who does seven sets, even if you just do it in your home gym, even if Scott even if you did seven sets, you now technically, oh, handy money. I technically have literally just somebody up on an FST seven for their biceps. Because it does work for a short period of time. So pretty soon, honey's AI will be combing the internet through your programs. And you will be sent letters of season to cyst to make sure that you don't violate his patent. You know, so I think that it's because it's just like a song. If a song's older than 50 years, it's public use, right? Right. So if a song's 50 years old, you don't have to, you know, ask permission to use it anymore. I believe 50 is the rule. Is that what it is Scott? It's 500. That was 100, but maybe 100. Well, there's a cut off. So the three sets, the four sets of five sets, these are all old enough that they're now in the public domain, and we can all use them without paying a feed anymore. You know, we don't owe Arnold money if we do five sets of five. Right? Right. Whereas if you do seven sets of something, you're going to owe somebody. You're going to owe somebody. You're going to owe any somebody. It's seven. Just say, seventy seven years old. There's a long. There you go. And I think it's the same here. You know, it's there's a, there's a, there's a time where the view comes public domain, and seven sets of nine is not public domain yet. Someone owns the patent to that. You know, this one. Do you remember, I kind of hope I'm going to get there right movie. But I think it was, there's something about Mary. I'm not certain, but the guy was like, you guys have, I've come up with an idea. You know, the eight minute abs. And he's like, yeah, I guess same idea, but seven, seven minute abs. And he goes, that works out great. Unless someone comes out with six minutes abs. It's like six will never work. It's not enough time. I remember hearing that. I don't know if it's a right movie. So someone is going to crucify me for being wrong. No, I, you know, it's funny. I remember the scene, but I don't remember exactly what movie it was. You know, but I just, that's what it reminds me of because that's what all these are. And it is correct. I think what's great about this question is, that's what bodybuilding is. It's like the six meals. You wouldn't believe how many clients I've had go. Is there any way we could do this in five? Yeah. Yeah. And they're like, oh, really? Yeah. I was like, yeah, there's nothing magic about six. Like, right. That's just how we formulate. And actually, I only five meals now because I don't want to eat six times. So I just eat five times. And I have four that my app types kicking up. I'm like, I'll just add a couple ounces of meat to each meal and stick with with. Yeah. Yeah. So that's a very valid question. But now Ron, we have danced around it. Sell us on why we've been doing it wrong all this time. And what we've been to do. Oh, I mean, you're not necessarily doing it wrong. You're doing what you're legally allowed to do. That's. Ah, very, right? So like, the reality. Yeah. You have to be careful. You don't violate these trademark and copyright infringements when you're working out. Even if no one knows. You know, it's, it's, you know, tread lightly. You don't want to accidentally do seven sets of something like our shit. Yeah. You know, I'm going to just start writing the word ish at the end of every fine. Sevenish. Six sevenish. Yeah. Seven or so. Right. You know, that was good. Yeah. Do some sets more than five less than eight. Yeah. Yeah. And the same with the reps though. You do have to, it is funny though that we'll be like, because I do write the same rep ranges. It's like eight to ten, twelve to fifteen. It's like, these aren't even odd or even numbers necessarily. Yeah. Yeah. Am I getting like a delay? I thought I was moving slow as weird. You're good. But anyways, that was a great question. I can't believe you held it for that long. I thought that was fun. That's good. That was fun. We just needed to set it up right. Yeah. We had the right time, the right moment, the right day. And it worked. I'm not in a broad you guys. You guys, I had to tell you guys too. Listen, I went up proof your professionalism to our audience. Audience, I was like, guys, you got to be funny and go. And they did it. So there's that was my answer. Believe a book. Just good. He was solid. I like it. I believe him. I mean, I'm afraid to do seven sets. Put it that way. After this, I'll be looking over my shoulder in the gym. So if I'm going to do seven sets. I can Instagram message and ask if it's okay if I do seven sets. I'm going to go for a lot of say the word seven anymore. You can go and cap that though, Ron, and have that on your phone. You know, right. You say one of my lawyers. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, perfect. See, I have permission. I got to ask you guys, is that it for questions? That's it. That's all we got. So we got a, you know, I know we're getting the end of the show here. Maybe it's only the last five minutes. I'm sure you're still watching, but maybe it's only the last five minute crew that deserve this conversation. Okay. Oh boy. What did you guys do for new years? Oh, I already know. I just got to. What, what did I do to him right? Let's see if I might. Scott walked his dogs at night and then he came home and then he went to bed before midnight. Close. Yes. He fired guns. He's got to be guns. No, no, no, no. Because I know because the range and the, you know, they were, I don't even know if they were open, but we're. But you're, you're American, right? He was, he doesn't live for highland. He lived for highland. He lived for highland. He lived for highland. He lived for highland. He lived for highland. He lived for highland. Higher crackers go on off. No one's going to notice it. No, no. It's a little nice. This guy gets hit. A couple of. A couple of kids. A bird shot near. Maybe off. Yeah, you don't need to worry about. Yeah. So we don't disappoint me. I want you guys telling me lavish stories of Americanism. We finished work. I finished work early. So by 7 p.m. We were settled in and we watched a couple of our TV shows, which there's a TV show. I want to tell you guys about. And we had previous, we purchased a bar chocolate. So we split the bar chocolate. And we went to bed by like 930. Something like that. That was a nice split. One apple. Yeah, we get these big cosmic crisps. And since we had this, because I told you guys this before. And you guys said that that's what it was like a peasants meal. That's like the crowd said like the whole family. Because the dogs like the apple too. So we have to give pieces of the apple to the dogs. And they started one apple amongst four. Talk to my wife. You gotta talk to my wife on this. Not a very tight recordage of apples. She doesn't want to whole apple. Okay, she's saving for retirement. Make a kind. I'm going to need y'all the bump up the money that you're going to this. I'm going to die with like 8 million in the bank. Well, the thing is when apples nowadays, if the cost of apples, I mean, they're like, It's expensive. You know what I'm saying? The $7 apple. Right. Cosmic crisps by the way. Cosmic crisps is nailing at this year. That's how it gets to juice that apple. It is. They're like around something. They're huge. It's going into that apple. The TV show. So you guys remember the movie Fargo. Right. Yes. So the TV show each season is different. It's a different scenario. I watched season one back in the day when it came out. Loved it. Season two, like I didn't really get into it. And I trailed off and didn't watch it. The latest season. I want to say it's season five or season six. Whatever the latest season is, you don't need to have watched anything previously. But I strongly encourage you to watch the latest season of Fargo. Give it a minute. And you'll, it's, it's, it's just so well done. There's like some action in there. There's some definite. There's some humor. And just, there's a, so a little bit of artiness to it. It's just a really well done show. So I strongly encourage you guys to watch Fargo. All right. So, okay. What's that? What's dusty watching in the new year? So I watched television while I do cardio and it's got like really close season. I want to watch it. I'm just going to do some stuff in the office and I didn't fix my camera. I really after that. Yeah. So no, but my, the reason I'm selling this whole story that doesn't matter is because the value of the television isn't as high. I just need something to watch on to cardio. So I've been watching Jack Ryan, which is good. But I'm not telling anyone that's using that right. Yeah. And it's, it's very good. But it's not on the level where you like tell people to go watch it. Right. You're enjoying it. You don't want to be responsible for other people. Yeah. So definitely, if you're a cardio walker that just watches and you'll love this. Ron, this, you'll get a kick out of this. So I just decided to do 30 minutes of cardio five, six days a week. Just walking. Well, then I ran into the issue that I would be dealing my cardio before an episode. And then I would start a new episode. You'll finish that episode tomorrow. Then have to start a new one during it. And you wouldn't allow me to skip the intro. So I'd have to like, while walking carefully, drag it and change. So now I do 42 minutes of cardio because I just watch a full episode. So that was how I determined it's time to do more cardio. Yes. But it's, it is actually really good. And I've knocked through. I'm going to finish the fourth season this month. Just because I watched an episode five, six days a week. Nice. But yeah, very good. So, but it's like here, it's your easy. I always joke that there are movies in our films. So if I say something, this is a good movie. Yeah. We're not talking about something that's going to compare to old classics, or anything like that. You know, it's just a good movie. It's an entertainment. You're good. Right. But okay. If I do come out in the morning and tell Nikki what's going on in my world, I have to go in. I'm like, he's a lot going on. I have a between Russia and us. And I'm just not sure if I go. And I found out some bad stuff. And she's like, why do you think it's to me every day? So yeah. That's what I want you to go and down. Yeah. Very real. It's really fictionally important. Yeah. I like that I bought into him though because of, you know, he is actually great at the role which excites me. Yeah. You remember who played Jack Ryan? Remember who's played Jack Ryan already? No. And make the movies. All the classy movies for Jack Ryan is the main character. No. Number the hunt for Red October. Alec Baldwin was Jack Ryan. Okay. And then in Patriot Games, it was Harrison Ford was Jack Ryan. And, it's not a... What was the third movie that they had a longer title? Harrison Ford did another one where he was Jack Ryan. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Harrison Ford Jack Ryan. Easy. Um. I'm not right here. Boop. Uh, there was. Clear and present danger. Yeah. And then Ben Affleck was Jack Ryan in the sum of all fears. And, uh, And then, um, What's the guy's name? I don't even know what this connection existed. Shadow recruit either. Shadow recruit. I can't remember his name. And I've seen these entertainment top. But there's the old top. Yeah. Yeah. Chris. I never saw that. I think it's fine. I think he might be right. But you'll get in trouble for saying that if you're wrong. So it's fun. Yeah. Yeah. It's been like a string of great actors that have played Jack Ryan. He's a good character. You know, he's a Tom Clancy sort of answered a James Bond in a lot of ways. You know, and it's a great, uh, but but seeing him do it. And I actually, um, did you ever get the story about his success, like getting the part of the office? Chris in ski? I don't know how he got the part in the office. No. All right. So it's not about how he got the part. But this is interesting. So I'll make it quick. But he he had it was a little clip I saw. And he was talking about how he moved to go to becoming actor. And his mother told him. Yeah, his mother. I don't know if he went to LA or New York. But anyways, his mother told him, she said, listen, all I ask is that you, like, get yourself out of this. I'm not going to pull you out of being an actor because you're a loser, essentially. So he's working tables doing all this stuff and just not really getting anything. Um, so he. He reached out to his mom in like September. And he's like, hey, I, um, I'm done. You know, this is not working. And you know, I'm just not really getting anything. And basically I want to come home. And for whatever reason his mom's like, you know, It's not really a lot going on right now. Why don't just hang out to the end of the year. And then come home. Hmm. And two weeks later, he got the office. Dang. That's crazy. I mean, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, he's tell that story. I literally get to what those words that I like played it again. I'm like, right here that right? And it was literally, I don't know exactly, but it was within it was under a month from when his mom was like, Let's hold out. You know, that's a scenario of square. I mean, let's be honest. Anybody who either has friends or kids. You see him like dragging a feet long enough to be an actor. You're kind of like, yeah, it's probably time to get a job. So she just had a vibe. She's like, ah, it's just hold out. Like, you're not going to go become a great whatever the hell else you're going to do right now. Anyways. So just wait. And now look at him, you know, wild to me. Yeah. Yeah, I love those stories. And you know, they, it's like that old saying, um, like, what's that old saying about, you know, if you quit today, you'll never, you'll never see what tomorrow brings, you know, like the losers are just the ones who quit. Right. You know, it's sticking with it. They could just got us to get in there. Like every great success story, many great success stories are often just stories of stubbornness. Yeah. Refusal to it, Mitt reality. I'd like to call myself a success story, but yes, it is how I turn pro. I just stood up in the aisle. Yes, we stood up in the aisle. I just stood up in the aisle. I came together. Eventually, it just worked out. Yeah. Yeah. How did you make it, you know, man, the overnight success of, you know, 20 years of waiting tables. Yeah. How about you, Ron? What'd you do for, for new years? Uh, new years. We went over. We actually went over to George's house. Oh, nice. George, George and Christina had Emily and I over for dinner because we don't like to do anything on New Year's Eve because we don't want to leave our dog home alone because the fireworks are crazy and down here. Even though we can barely hear them, he just we're up in the tower really high and he seems to have to hear all the fireworks and of course. So we normally, we normally stay home on Halloween night New Year's Eve. Any night where there's fireworks and we stay home and just watch movies. You know, I'm just trying to keep the volume on the TV up and then jet as all calm and relax and our dogs get, you know, but George and Christina invited us over for dinner. So we went over there when we took the dog and the dogs, you know, did they're saying and we played cards and had a big steak meal. Dusty would have loved it. And the, um, yeah, was he good time? Did you notice Dusty, he said the nights that there are a lot of fireworks like New Year's Eve or Halloween, Halloween. Yeah, I've learned this. So in Canada, you guys do fireworks on Halloween, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know about us guys. I just know about the degenerates and neighborhood. Yeah. Fire fireworks off on Halloween for some strange reason. Yeah. You look up to you. Yeah. Yeah. Pop and off feel like what's going on? Well, because I do rail the conversation all the time. So I was going to leave that one because I'm like, dude, I'm so annoying. Victoria was the one who told me because she has these, uh, they're like these calm cookies that we give to her little dog. Uh, and she said this Halloween or maybe the past Halloween. She's like, oh, we should give Maddie some calm cookies before it gets dark. And it's like, why? She's like, well, because of the fireworks. So you know, so you know, Halloween. Just wear masks and knock on doors. That's all we do here. We don't do any fire. Give it it's Detroit. That's sort of every night. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just wear masks and just rubbed off. I got around in the dark. Yeah. It's the home invasions. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think it's, uh, Canadians like to set off fireworks on Hell. Halloween because, um, we don't have real freedom. So we like to do simulated freedom. And I call it an American imitation, um, fetish sort of thing. There's little moments where we like to pretend we're free. And, uh, they're probably setting the fireworks off secretly kind of singing the Star Spangled Banner. They're having a bit of realizing. Yeah. Yeah. Probably, you know, I'm sure Trudeau hates them. Oh, here's this like fireworks. I can't imagine that guy's a fan of anything fun. So, um, there's probably more and more firework use as, uh, the, you know, the feeling of, you know, sort of depressing drain captures Canadians. Right. We ended up guys. We'll be going. Yeah. Right. We ended up guys. We'll be going. Yeah. I don't know if he's ever leaving. I don't know if he's ever leaving. I think he's a type of guy that could have 1% approval. And he'd just be like, everything's fine. Everything's good here. It's fine. Yeah. He's definitely proven that. Yeah. You can Gavin or homies. Uh, Gavin or homies. Hey. Okay. Is that a show? Do we have a show? Yeah. We, I guess we won't be going to put it out. We don't have a show. We don't have a show. Sort of stuck now. We're just being consistent. I also have it. I have to say, I know you guys want to go. And I'm, I'm Scott's probably messaging me move on. Um, but I have to say, um, I'm, I'm, I'm very, uh, happy with the response to the, the show from everyone that's been cognitive lately and messaging. And you got a great message from someone the other day Scott that you shared with us that was, um, like really, you know, people saying this show helps them through so many tough times. And we just want to make sure that especially our last five minute crew really know that hearing that stuff is really great. It, um, you know, because there's lots of times I got, I know Dusty and I, we both have, uh, you know, this sort of like, what the hell am I doing here sort of feeling half the time when I'm talking about it? And it's nice to know that, you know, people are looking forward to the show and it's an important part of their week. You got to get through cardio or the commute or, you know, they're significant other yapping out that. And that's nice to know that they have a place to go. Hey, on that note, I did have a comment that I wanted to share with you guys. And this is from Billy Ryan. He had said, uh, I want to thank you all for talking about the breakup. If you guys remember, we talked about dealing with breakups a few episodes ago. He says, I'm not sure if it was my story, but I did post it on the think big body building page. Which, to give me as the Facebook group. Since I've been there for years and this, oh, since he's been there for years and disappeared at the group, he means. But we were married for seven years, six years together for seven. I was incredibly crush. I'm doing so much better now and I can't thank you guys enough if it weren't for you guys and others like you who I can honestly, I can honestly say that I wouldn't be here today. So I mean, it's cool to know that we can help people get through difficult times like that. And yeah, we have gotten a bunch of really good messages. They touch us, me, man, to know that we can, uh, that other guy who I shared the message with you guys, he was saying that like through all of his cardio. He got through like some of those brutal cardio sessions listening to our shows, you know. And if that's what I've always wanted is to be that, that thing that they can go to, because you get through those times, those things, those incredible feats in a contest prep. You come out the other side and you realize like, wow, you know, I'm different because of this. And we were, we were there. We were part of that for them. So I love knowing that. Agreed. Yeah, that's fantastic. Also to the feedback on the DJ episode, everyone loved Dennis. Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course. I had two people say that was our best, the day thought was our best interview ever. I was like, oh, I mean, we've had some very great guests on that great, you know, we've had a really good interviews, but I think they just really loved his Ronnie story and kind of the old like we kind of got him talking about the, you know, the kind of the peak days of his career as opposed to like, you know, more current events or whatever, we had a real good sort of old school interview with him. And I was really happy that people had a great time listening to that fun too. You can tell he had fun. Yeah, that's the best part, you know. Yeah. So anyways, much appreciated. So 2024 big things coming. Lots of goals. Maybe next episode. We'll talk about our plans for 2024. And what we are lining up. I know we've got a lot to learn on. We're going to see each other a few times this year too. By the looks of this. Yes. So yeah, and we're going to see some of you guys this year. We're going to see a lot of you guys this year. So make sure you come and say hi at all. The expose and boost and show us your t shirts. Yes. You know, you learned your t shirts this time. So so okay, guys, is that it? That's our first episode of the new year. Yes, sir. One, one, two, four. That's the year. That's the data. This one. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant. Get your ISO surge. Get your all in. And you should all buy this point in time. You should all be on the gear. I don't know how much longer we have to harp it you about getting on the gear. But I don't understand or you could watch this show and have any any sense and not be on copious amounts of gear. Oh, yeah. Yeah, get the gear in your system. It's available. I am mutant.com. These dusty 20 big run 20. And remember the think big Patreon keep a producer home. Thank you guys. Right. I've got my call fee on Apple. Yeah. Or now the price of the. I've got a cosmic Chris. Right. Right. Whatever neighborhood you live in, Google cosmic crisp, whatever that's worth. Don't eat that to the things you pay for on once a month. That's a good question. Okay. Thank you everyone and remember it's just body building. That's my favorite one. What the very last line you mean? Yeah. Yes. That's my favorite delivery of it. It was just the face. It was flawless. Okay. I might like it.