I feel infancy today. I wore the hoodie this morning. Nice. Oh, look at this. Jamie's got one on two. Look at her. It does. I know. I'm, I do not have one on. That's hilarious. The only, the only one that owns the gym and doesn't have one. Well, I, you know, I thought I'd go all mutant is what I was thinking. And then you guys went and wrapped my jam. So that was nice to be a routine players. We're team players. I'm going to go with these two at home because we're going to bother me. OK. Good to have you, Jamie. Thanks for their short notice show up. Yeah, no props. Apologies for the delaying the reply for the text. You know, actually, what happens? So the text pops straight away. You know, sometimes you think if I reply immediately, like, that's just going to look at you on cool. So I'm going to wait. Oh, no. Oh, no. So you went to bed for eight hours, slept eight hours. Got up in the morning and had breakfast. Figured you better get back to me. That was funny. I just, uh, I thought maybe you, you know, I, I thought you were going to say that you know, when you, you get like an invite to something. And you're like, oh, yeah, sure. And then like 20 minutes later, you're like, ah, I told the girlfriend we do this. I forgot. I, you know, you know what I mean? So, you don't want to jump on stuff too soon, because you got to double check your day. You're like, wait a minute. What else am I doing? I just thought might seem like a weird, I flat the, if I could just put a phone down. Oh, it's quit. I'm going to go every while. I'm not. Like you're just, you're just sitting around the house waiting to be invited on podcast. Yeah. So long. Okay. Ready to go Scott? I guess we're recording. We get the whole thing. We're good. Scott, Scott no longer asks if we're ready to go. I'll just hit the button. We're not live or anything. If Dusty says something that's going to get us in trouble, then I just edit that out later. So, so what's the conscious thing we're doing just to see if it works better? We're just going to avoid swearing in the first 10 minutes. That's the, yeah. So, here's what I'm seeing. So, Jamie, there's a bunch of changes to YouTube and there, if there's frequent profanity, and this is funny. So I never pay attention to how much I should probably say this on the, why don't I should, let's say this on the show. Is this the show? Are we doing that show? Yeah, sure. Okay. We'll say we'll say like share. Okay. Subscribe, comment, and bring the bell at that. There we go. It's just bodybuilding. Jamie, the giant Christian on the show. Obviously, hit up IMU.com. We got the triple mutant assault and Scott is now, you know, receiving, you're getting money from mutant. So you're like with the company now. Definitely him and I'm proud to be too. It's a great company. You're on the payroll. We should just, yeah, that's awesome. So yeah. So anyways, code 20% off, dusty 20, big round 20. And Jamie, what's going on? Do you have a code in Europe with the European sites or anything? Have they figured that out yet? Jim told you say this. Jim, Jim said it's, and your team code readiness. No, they said it's okay. But, yeah, does work for kind of the US. So, you say TNG 20? TNG, the Newton joint 20. Just in case you, I don't, you know, take all the customers. Oh, okay. So your code works. Okay, cool. The mutant giant 20, TMG 20. Okay. Go ahead, Scott. Your first step on deck tells about you, you're new rules. Man, so a bunch of channels are just getting slaughtered, totally demonetized. And they're, so 2023 hit and things are sailing smooth. And then all of a sudden, there's a, you know, bunch of speed bumps that we're hitting. In one of them is Volgarity. And so if you, the thing used to be like, if you swore in the first, you know, few seconds that that you couldn't monetize that program. And then now it's a longer period of time. So it's just to be super careful. We want to just watch the Volgarity, but especially like in that first five minutes. But if there's excessive use of Volgarity, and they don't differentiate between words. So like the assword and the affword, they all, it's all the same across the board. And so I, I thought to myself, our, so last week, Wednesday show got demonetized. And then I go to put out the show on Saturday. And I was like, well, I'm going to try to clean up some of the Volgarity. Now, if you remember, we had a segment that was called things that make Ron say, F that guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I swear, this was our episode is like a Tarantino film. Like the affword is every third word. And when Ron gets excited, he's like, and then he takes that eff and microphone. And he walks up to the front of the eff and stage. You just hear that eff and bass kicking up. And everybody just effing gets on their feet. I'm looking at like man. So we literally, I cut that particular word. That's our favorite word. All of us say it. We said it like at least 100 times in an hour. So I'm here crying. Like, why are they do monetizing us? It's top is a personal attack. Yeah. Yeah. So we just did a beautiful, especially in that first five minutes. But if it's excessive throughout like a Tarantino film, then they'll probably pull the plug as well. But yeah. So we should come up with code words. Like, yeah, you know, like they do like when you're when you're giving off a number or digits to somebody, they don't just say like, hey, you know, it's like out for whatever we could be like, like if I want to say Frank that guy, you know, that's Frank. It's the other. You know, so I've got a list here of movies. So we'll be on most frequent use of the F word. Okay. Nice. What are that? These are the list of the top. How long has this list? Top 165 movies. Okay. So I'll just like, I'll just do a guy quick. Just find sort of I'll just scan through and like pick out a few. The wolf of Wall Street, 180. Nice. We beat that. Leazy. Right. Casino, 178. Oh, no. Straight out of Compton, 167. You know, good fellas, 150. You know, like they're they're they're up there. They're pretty, you know, pulp fictions 154. Like these are the ones that are jumping out of the list, right? Yeah. You know, it's it's funny to see Scarface 170. He's up there. God damn. See, you say you do those words. Now you just trouble. Yeah. I'm just looking to see if there's a 200. No 200s. We can go to West Go. We easily do that if we hit like 60 in an hour and we weren't even trying if we actually put some hard into it. Got Ron talking about music. There's no question. I'm so happy that Ron is the one that stood out that makes me feel a little better. I just assume it's a little bit surprised to have to take a look at my vocabulary. It's when you get passionate. It's like, and that's what it is. Like when you get passionate, you won't swear at all. But then like when you really want to express something, then it's like every third word. It'll be like a chain. And then you go back to, you know, just normal conversation. Just right back into like other, just yeah, change it up. Okay. Well, I'll be aware. Oh, you know, they say geniuses use profanity. There you go. You know, they do. It's a great. You know, so so so let's start. Let's start with Jamie. What's going on, Big Man? Tell us about your podcast and why we haven't been invited on it yet. Yeah, rude. It's three days. First of all, I'm going to find this very difficult not to swear because I swear a lot. Well, you're dropping sea bombs like to your wife and stuff over there. And English. The challenge. Yeah, yeah. Just do your best first case. We can edit it in in you a little bit as is acceptable. They say I think. Yeah. I remember the last podcast we did. Actually, I came off on the thought. Did I swear? That's all it's so. We'll tell you it down this time. But my podcast early days we've done six episodes. We haven't had a guest yet. So, you know, we're not there. We are going to be invited guest by shortly. And there's just nothing over this side and the water really that's doing. And I don't know, like, the water's in all podcast. I mean, not just bodybuilding, but life in general. I mean, you guys obviously speak about movies and films and other things. And that's kind of what we want to do. You can't decide in the sense that you don't want to concentrate on bodybuilding. You want the podcast to be about more other things. But I think you just end up going gravitate towards bodybuilding. Because that's you've made an interest, isn't it? So you've always got something to talk about in that regard. What's the plan with gas? You just want to see how the show goes with like the flow. And you guys get used to chatting on the mics and all that. And then you're going to bring on a few easy ones to, you're going to bunch a few out, bring Jordan on, you know, stuff like that all the guys are really well. Yeah. I mean, we've got a few logistical issues to eye on. I think because JVNJ obviously video and film magic magic. He has this vision of how he wants to podcast the look and it's a bit roganesque. And you know, we're not there yet, but you've probably seen that we've got the microphone set up and we're in a studio kind of vibe. So we envision guests coming to us and being in the studio and interviewing an person. I'm not quite sure if I could, you've been to my house wrong. You know, obviously the house is where the house is and then right down at the bottom of the garden is a summer house. Yeah. Yeah. So that's where the podcast studio is. And the internet is wired from the house down to there. Hmm. So one thing we've got to test is the instrument for the internet connection, because obviously if we're doing it like this via zoom or web call, the internet's going to be able to play because if it's not going to work like that anyway. Right, right. Okay. So you're not going to be doing Skype. You're going to be in person. Yeah, that's the plan. That's that's a, so I respect those guys that do those in person shows because that's like, you know, getting people there is now a huge obstacle. So, you know, obviously most of the time, most of the time those guys live in like LA or, you know, like the big ones, you know, easy to get to typically, well, Rogans at the level where people board airplanes to go to see him, but you know, that sort of thing. But yeah, it's, uh, it is would be a lot more work and, you know, you know, having people come to your place and everything, you know, like it's, it's going to be a lot different than just, you know, hitting a little button, hitting a little button, click record. Hey, hello, Jamie, you got to think about this a little bit, though. We've been doing this show for like 2,000 episodes and Ron and I can't be bothered to get here by 130 and we're in our own houses. Yeah, it's going to be real tricky to get people to actually show a lot, especially body builders. I came down the stairs at the moment. I looked at the clock as 130 and I had nothing on the table yet. I was like, all right, so I'm late today, but I still beat Ron, so that's cool. I barely, I was three minutes away and I trust me, Vin Diesel said that. I seen right, right. So I was, I was talking to Jamie and he was telling me that he had a list of things to get off his chest. Uh-oh, his picture is what he said. He said he was excited for the show because he had a lot on his mind. And so do he just let, let the giant tell us what the first thing on his mind is? He looks very excited. He looks very happy that we're doing this. He's prepared. The problem is now you told me I got to do without swimming as well. Well, I'll leave it behind. I just caught myself just now. I mean, this is tough. We're over 10 minutes in. I've got three talking points that have been bothering me of late. Okay. I'm just going to which one is the, the first one from your start on. This is, this is a good one. So seems to have come and theme on social media that we're obviously in their coaching and education culture. But it's completely beyond me. Why anybody would go to somebody? That has no muscle. Brad Vy's regarding building muscle. You know, I'm just feeling like yeah. A lot of people educate you in Instagram at the minute and YouTube haven't got a physique. And if I'm the kind of person that the proof needs to be in the pudding, if I'm going to listen to your advice, are you in agreement? I'm over sure. Yes. And I saw a great post here today. You keep, keep talking about this. I got to find it. We'll go ahead. Yeah. Well, to me, it's like asking a vegan for a bodybuilder's diet. It's not going to happen is it? Right. They may be in a form of bodybuilder, but the base standard model of a vegan. They're not going to be able to tell you how to build muscle through it's techniques that we might have used wisely. So yeah, that's something that's bothering me. Now, I'm not speaking, people are going to run away with this and it's probably about the right time to say certain people are involved. They're obviously some fantastic educations in the industry and there's people that are a great job of doing so. Namely, the high-traffic coach, you know, he's not the biggest guy in a great physique and in saying about knowledge. Georgian cellos are the same. He's got a great physique and a great amount of knowledge. These are not the people I'm trying to talk about. Open, coming people, people that I think trying to make a name for themselves and with coaching I've found that now Instagram is being utilized by good marketers that are marketing themselves on the business system, make money. And I just think it's kind of unfair and I hope more people see through it. Here's a post I saw the other day. This is I got to give credit to on Instagram. He's at him on a coach at him on Machi from Australia. I don't know if you guys are. It doesn't mint his words. I know it doesn't mint his words, but I love sometimes he just, you know, just fucking says it. And he goes, never once, never once seen so many men with so little muscle get traction on social media by praising smarter techniques. There is a time to work smarter when the basics are mastered and perhaps inefficient for high-perchography. Socials really are the wild west stick to your memes partner. I love that. And I know what you mean. I know what you mean. Because I see it all the time. And also, too, I see it on the female side as well. You know, I see people who've just been training a very short period of time on both, you know, men and women competitors. And they're saying stuff that you know that is like fashionable. Like there'll be something come out about blacks. There's been a lot about, lastly, an elbow path. Everything's about the elbow path and like, you know, all this stuff. And you hear them start to use words like, you know, they've been training two years and they're saying distal and up, you know, like they're they're talking like they're using the bio-mechanical type words. And it just sort of like really shows up to me like they're really trying to be seen as an expert. And I think like being seen as an expert is isn't something you get to pick. Yeah. Other people get to pick when you're seen as an expert. That's just how I feel. I got you could try as hard as you want to look like an expert. But I think other people decide when you're seen as an expert. Do you know what I mean? That makes sense. Absolutely. I think it makes sense. The only I don't agree with is I hate the word fair. Because if you're a great marketer and that brings people to you to help with, you know, diet, putting on muscle, whatever it is, good for you. But I think what you're going to run into is that only works if you can prove that you actually know what you're doing. You know, how many clients do you have wrong action in the answer, but that have been with you for years or they leave to stop bodybuilding or take a break and they come right back. And the reason is because they have proof because they got results. I think results ends up being the staying power for everything. I don't do any marketing on social media. I mean, I mean, I've got to even do my own like before and after is for clients. Like if a client tags me, I put it up. That's it. Like that's all my clients. If you tag me in something, I'll put it on my story for whatever reason you want it. It'll be there unless you put shitty form or something. But for the most part, that's it. And I get people that reach out every, I mean, daily with the possibility of training. So I think results start to spread. And if you're just a marketer, you know, like I said, good for you, we, you know, there's the, I don't ever take something away from someone who has a talent. But if you don't have the ability to close from there and give me the results back at all, you did, you got my money once, you know, it really comes down to who do you go back to? It's like, it's like anything, you know? I mean, I got a real estate agent that helped me buy two houses and it was just said, no, anyone here. And I won't use him again. He didn't work at my pace. I'll just go get my license to do it myself because people don't move fast enough for me. You know, that kind of stuff is how I look at those guys. And at the end of the day, if you can get me results, that's fine. But there are certain things that a book will not tell you. I think that's what people miss is you cannot explain to someone who has never been through whether it be just an absolutely brutal set or a prep where you just feel like am I going to survive this day or a prep where nothing's working, you know, how I mean, we've all done every single thing or worked around an injury for 12 weeks during these are things that when a client comes to you and has a problem, I love that my bag of trips is so deep. I'm like the odds that you're going to bring me something I haven't had, almost doesn't exist. Yeah, it's like this and everything like the results are the bottom line. So you get the odd person in everything that is really good really fast. Right. And most of the people coming up, trying to come up as fast as them aren't nearly the quality. And then there's just one person that just like, oh, wow, it's a person coming on a nowhere. I didn't think the new anything. They're getting amazing results. So there's always going to be exceptions like that for those people that like, you know, seem like they're jumping the gun on what they think they know, you know, like, like dusty set results or the bottom line. But the experience is usually the thing that really makes it difference when it comes to how how deep your knowledge base really is, you know, like it's it's like that with everything, you know, you read all the books and you got all the degrees, but you talked to someone who's worked in whatever industry it is, the any industry for 20 years on top of that. And they're going to just, they're going to just run circles around you with how to solve problems. So, you know, I just think that you got to watch how you speak. Like, I'm really careful. I try to be really careful. I know on this show we give a lot of bull advice, but I, I, there's one for you. I first swear already down. Okay. Okay. You know, I don't remember what I was going to say, I messed it up with the beef. You got a lot of BS advice. You're saying, oh, yeah, I got a lot of BS advice or what you see people giving a lot of BS advice. Oh, yeah, I see people giving a lot of advice, but you have to be careful with how, how expert you, you make yourself sound. You don't want to back yourself into a corner. Like, you don't want to pretend you're something and then wind up looking dumb because you can't solve a problem or answer a question or at top it comes up and you can't fall along. You know, like, you don't want to, I, I think I, I try to not ever misrepresent myself or, you know, Dusty and I will often say, oh, that's out of our wheelhouse. Like, that's, you know, that's not my area of expertise. And so that's, then that comes back to how we've all said that is, that, you know, we respected Asido so much because he quite often says, I don't know. Yeah. Right. And that's, that's something that you really have to watch for too. So beware, really beware the Instagram expert that doesn't say, I don't know, you know, like if you throw, if you throw them a bunch of weird problems and, and they never say, I don't know, that's a problem, you know, like, I have a solution for everything. I think, and I was kind of thinking the same thing because I'm thinking of maybe people, it's easier to spot when you've been doing it for a longer time. But I've seen people who will try to market themselves in a way that makes them look like they're super successful and they, you know, they're just getting started and they're like, well, when I work with my clients, what I've done over the years, it's like, wait a minute, you weren't coaching for years, you know, when hours. Yeah. When you make it sound like you've got like, you know, 50 people, 100 people that you're working with right now and you have space for two more. You know, it's like that kind of stuff. And you know, I think it's important, like I would, if somebody, if somebody was just brand new and they're like, hey, listen, I've done one show. And if anybody wants me to help you learn the things that I learned from doing that one show, I'd be happy to, but keep in mind, I have limited amount of knowledge, but I'd love to share it with anybody else who maybe has less knowledge than I do. I could show you some stuff. If I saw somebody brand new out the gate who came with like that real humble attitude, I'd probably be like, good for you, you know, and that's how you can stay open-minded and learn too versus like you're saying around pretend like you know everything, you know. Yeah, yeah, gets awkward for me, like, I don't, like you ever watch somebody else's content and you're like, yeah. I think what's interesting is also that you're, what you, you will have success early on in spite of what you don't know. Like, I've pepped a lot of people for a few years for free because I told them like, I'm not ready. And they were winning and everyone was starting to come to me. And then, you know, three years after that, you look back and you're like, I had no idea what I was doing. Yeah, the calories were way too low and but you knew enough to get it. Like you said, all results, but if you can't catch that also, you're not growing. You know, I mean, like I look back now, even on things that were facts and I say that with, you know, air quotes, you know, like, remember back in the, in the early 2000s, we believe that you needed a way I slip for after you trained because it got in your system really quickly. But then you needed a casing before bed because it digest slowly and you didn't want way before bed or you go catabolic in the night. I mean, there were so many things and now because like, what progeny should I get? I'm like, I would get the eye so surge to taste the best. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so you learn a tongue. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff that we let go, but everybody does that. I think every generation has stuff that they're brought up kind of all thinking because maybe there is like, like the, like the thing you just listed dusty, the way casing thing technically, that is true. Like there is a timing difference, but the, but the does it matter? Oh, there's a first F bomb. Oh, you're the first two. See, and notice he was passionate. He was like, getting passionate. He's like, he's passionate. He's passionate. I started to lose it. But, but, but, but maybe with all, you know what I mean? Like the impact of the thing is it actually a thing, you know? So, so that's what you learn with experience is you, you know, there's lots of things and lots of things non-bodybuilding too that I believe for years and then you get older and you're like, heck, doesn't actually matter. That's not a thing that I've ever been worried about. You know, and there's lots of that that comes and goes and experience teaches you that, you know? You know, think of, think of all the things that that, you know, someone who's, you know, think of someone who's played in the NFL for 20 years and then think of someone on their first day in the NFL. Like, they're both professional football players. But, yeah, one person has, like way more in college than the other one. Like, they have, you know what I mean? It's in the guy that's a year younger. It could be the, it could be better. That's a better, you could be a better athlete. It's in there. But him in 20 years will be even wackier, you know? Yeah, experiences huge. And sometimes we don't think about what experience means. But when you think of something like an NFL player, you, because of the physicality of it, it really sort of like, wow, that is a lot. Imagine like 20 years. Well, that's like, but then he job 20 years, 20 years a problem solving. You know, I think people want to learn stuff too. So I think they may be gravitate towards some of the coaches that are like, I'm going to teach you, you know, because since we do a lot of educational stuff on the podcasts, a lot of people who want to work with me, they come to me to like think like, okay, now I'm going to understand how to do this too. And and I tried to explain stuff when I can, but there's an element. Like, I think I remember back to my, my first coach, my first contest prep I hired a coach. I didn't pay anything. He just worked with me. And he didn't tell me how to do anything. He was just like, okay, take the carbs out of this. Okay, at five minutes of cardio there. But you do learn something out of that process. I think it's important to also understand that education isn't somebody telling you. Well, the reason we're taking these carbs out is so that the glycoces and the glucose and that, you know, this, that you just remove the carbs and get leaner. And then you learn something when it after it's over, you know? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. It's um, the amount you learn just from how you feel. That's, that's what I think bodybuilders are so passionate about when we talk about experiences is I think the more show is you've done and the more perhaps you've done. That's really a huge thing like people who talk about getting ripped and stuff and in contest condition and stuff. But I've never done it. That's, that's definitely one of the areas where I think the most obvious differences from those who've done it than those who haven't. Because there's lots of things that you could learn and teach without ever having really done them, right? A lot of books to do. Good. Learn it. You could teach it. You never really done it. But something like contest prep. That's, that's one of those crazy, sort of things it unless you've done it. It's, it's impossible to even describe, you know? So yeah, you know, the Instagrams. Hey Jamie. What else is this? Hey, this is New Off Jamie? Well, it's kind of interesting as well. And I think we, we, we brush the cross it. And it was a fact that these guys are trying to be complicated. They're trying to, um, complicated. And it's actually very simple. And yes. We know very, it's definitely some coaches that, in effect, the better you become at something, the more easy it should be. And the simpler it should be for you to relay that information and help others. But these guys, these are all these big words and science is kind of like taking over. Um, I just didn't know when bodybuilding got so complex. And the other thing is when did bodybuilding get so perfect in terms of training? And I think you've brushed over this in the past, are you training, and tensing of training, intensity? And I'm seeing more people again, I'm Instagram. With these essentially perfect reps. But there's nothing on the bar. And I used the analogy to be of a day. Um, imagine you've killed somebody. This is, uh, it's going somewhere to be a temporary. Imagine you're doing it again. You're trying to get rid of the body. And you need to tie some weights to the feet. And which way you're going to have to put on the damn body before the weight's going to sink to the bottom of the river. Right. These guys are killing people with fun. They're all floating on top of the river. That's why. All there, all their dead bodies are still floating. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. No progress. They're not getting away. Nothing. They're not falling anyone apart from themselves. I think what you broke down, Jamie, is what you said, which is over time, you can explain it easier and easier. And I'm sure you guys have all heard that old, uh, our dinosaur in quote, which was, if you can't explain something to a six year old, you don't understand that yourself. Yeah. That, that is the deal. I mean, if you really can't break it down in the most simple form, like that's one thing I always admired about Chris. It's Chris speaks very, I mean, it couldn't be much more basic when he talks. And only one time that I, and I can't even really recall what it was, but someone tried to kind of talk above him in a conversation. And I watched him break down, like scientifically, what he was talking about. And I felt embarrassed for the guy because I was like, oh, you didn't know he had that in the bag of tricks. Did you? Frankly, yeah. Okay. Like, yeah. That's awesome. You know, so I mean, that's, that's the thing is, as you get more advanced, it is, it does get more simple. You know, I always remind kids at the gym because I've kind of taken on that like retired old man roll with a lot of these kids. I'll see him like banding everything in directions that don't make sense. And literally they know now, walk over and remember gravity straight up and down. Keep that in mind. Right. And then walk away. You know, I mean, you're just because you see all the stuff, you're good catch, good job. And I'm like, I want to ask, what do you think you're doing right now? If gravity's, no, okay. Right. Right. Right. You know, too, that does tie in with like the, the misleading people thing that I was talking about a little bit too. And I hate to sound so negative about people in the industry or newer people and stuff. But the thing that I'd say irritates me is when you, when you know that they're using words incorrectly and that maybe they aren't, if you use enough big words and you tie them all together and you speak fast enough, you can sound really smart. And you know, like, there's one guy that I know can really pull it off well, who can actually he knows the words and that Scott Stevenson. So when Scott, when Scott's told me on more than one occasion, he was like, that guy, I don't want to mention names, but he said, yeah, that guy is just kind of learned maybe like 20 of the popular buzzwords. And then he just like kind of mixes them up and throws them into sentences wherever he sees fit. And they don't really make a lot of sense. But a lot of people are like, oh my God, that guy is so smart. You know, he knows so much, you know, so it's out there, you know, but yeah, a lot of times we're just like, oh, wow, he knows a lot more than we do, you know. Just word, just word salad. Yeah. Inflammation, Ron, my favorite word. Yeah, did that. Yeah. Yeah. When we did that, when we did that list of what things we could leave in 2022, I actually had a small list of words and inflammation was one of them. Yeah. I would argue this inflammation though because there is inflammation in the Yeah, I know what you were. Yeah. I hear, I hear people saying stuff like, oh yeah, you know, I've just had so much inflammation in my body lately, like I haven't been, you know, this and not, and I'm like, what do you mean? Like your ankles are swollen? And they're like, no, no, I've just got like inflammation. And I'm like, like, what do you mean? Like you've got like, coffee, like, what do you mean? Like he did that. He got that shit. He got that shit. Ron's never going to be able to speak again because of this. Oh, it's really oblivious. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know what I'm telling the story is 0, 0, 0 to 3. We should have a little square board on each person here for the show. Okay. Okay. You know what I mean though. I was that word that word got to me because everyone was using it. It was a real buzzword. It was like a real huge buzzword. The inflammation thing people talking about inflammation and talking about all that food causes a lot of inflammation in me. I'm like, what do you mean? Like do your ankles get puffy? Does your gut, like come out to here? And they're like, oh, just I just have issues in inflammation. And I'm just like, but you have to have like, you have a photo of this inflammation. He's going to do it again. He's going to do it again. It's coming. Oh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the on the beginning of photo is almost almost an affin photo. Oh, that's great. You'll take practice. I might be having more fun now that we can't swear. And by the way, I should add guys, it's not just for the monetization, but if we don't, and I forgot to mention this part, if a show is not monetized, then YouTube does not push it out into the algorithm, so that more, yeah, that's where the real issue is. Yeah. It's not like it's not like we're making big money off his ad clicks on on our views. It's it's it's it's it's it hurts the growth of the channel. Yes. We forgot to mention that whether or not you see an ad for a razor at the beginning of this is not important to me. Yeah. The or whatever it is, YouTube decides to show you a sex doll or whatever it is, it you're going to be showing you. I'm just going to present your based on particular. Yeah. Yeah, whatever your click on your ministry. I believe. Yeah, you know, yeah. That's what I'm judging. Okay. Okay. Jamie. Did I get a rep Jamie? I think I interrupted Jamie. Was he talking about something? He's just triggering you every every he's triggering us. That's what's happening here. I love it. I figured that would not be triggered. I will not be triggered. Go ahead. You had you had some to say. Yeah. It's because I've had last time you're going to meet up and Vegas was a bit kind of off-limits in terms of speaking about. I'm certain you turned me up so able to be talking points. I'm going to do it. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. It's not nothing secret about the company, but yeah, go for it. It was because we had you guys coming in last time, remember? So Sean wasn't announced yet. Oh, yes. I don't even know. Maybe you were just barely were. So that's why it was not talked about. That's right. I was just going to say who's getting this to go. I was ready. I'm bringing these edibles that I have from my last competition as three left. This is it. I had the one and I was eight times my mind. Definitely don't bring anything. Don't bring anything into the country, though, technically you can't bring anything in. Yeah. We'll just buy it on the way back from the airport. No problem. Do it every time. We'll get the van shows up. Yeah. I know. I'm not going to mention any names because I'll increment eight people here and I don't want to do that. I'm going to say, I know a classic competitor at the Olympia that went to Vegas with a suitcase full of gear, literally I'm not joking probably quarter of his suitcase full of gear. I mean, need was the the whole up. Not for himself but for a couple of friends as well. Got stuck to customs and got a market gates his name. I was competing in Olympia right away. Got a market gates his name but allowed to pass through. I was just like, oh my god, this guy is not planned ahead and got it ready while he's there. He's took on himself to run the wrists from the goldler and he's got away with it. Have you ever had a herd of anything like before? Not in the US. No, no. He will chop your off. We he must he must have run in two of halfway fan something. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean. He must have he must have yeah, those those guys liked him. That was I could have been a little bit jail. Yeah, I've never heard anyone getting caught with steroids at the US border and not that amount. I've heard of a couple people getting caught with one bottle and they were like just told to go home. No, you're not getting on this plane. Go home. We could have we could have arrested you but you know like that sort of thing but I've never heard of anybody getting let through to go compete. They definitely don't make it even if you made it to the states with a bottle and they caught you and they didn't arrest you. They were usually send you back to Europe. So like I will see ya. Like you don't get to even come into Vegas let alone. Yeah, that's wild. I mean, I guess that would be in New York but so yeah, wow. There's a lucky guy telling him to buy a lottery ticket for sure he will win. It makes your friends in the US. Well, he's at it too. Yeah, I could have quick phone call. That was a long way. That's what I think. So what are you what are you going to talk? So I was going to ask to us to. I believe these kind of actively gain weight. You got an eat like a bodyguard and they'll say yes. I hope it's been horrible. Why do people do this? That's so much food again. I'm not even back to like anywhere near old numbers but man like last night I got to my ready for this fifth meal and I was like stuffed. I'm like I don't even remember it being like you forget because it's obviously just second nature but I also it's been today is one week and I'm up five pounds so it's working but yeah I'm training hard again which I was training hard but like really hard again and it's it's nice. I forgot what it's like for your whole body to feel heavy. You know that not even just sore just heavy. You like get out of bed and you're like moving everything is like yeah it's kind of fun. I feel like I broke you again. It's pretty enjoyable. I ate five meals the other day like I had five solid meals right and I was like holy that's a lot of food I had a lot of food today. Oh there you go. Five and six back to you told you go in the streams with them. Well hey this will be a good test of the system right we don't want to just put out zero effort shows we want to sprinkle and get away with it so we'll see what we can get yeah you're doing a high sprinkle right now like that guy yeah let's salt. I gotta ask Dusty though because I saw that we recorded last week and then at right after we're done recording I'm looking through my phone looking at Instagram and then I saw your post where you're like hey I'm back at him lifting heavy you know I'm eating I'm an eat five times a day like a real body but I was like we didn't even talk about this he didn't even mention it and this post has been out for hours or a day or something what triggered you to decide to do this. Well actually it has nothing to do with the bodybuilding side for me I think what it is there's this misunderstanding amongst the younger generation that the only way you can bodybuild successfully is essentially to be a loser and every other aspect of life. They do I mean it's just a weird thing to me like you know you I'll hear guys on the rig I've had guys say straight to me like why gotta get an easy job so I can get my food in and I'm like well easy job won't pay you well and bodybuilding isn't cheap so once you get a really good job any faster like I just think it's very overcomplicated in people's it's like you guys are saying about the gym it's the same. Okay you go to work for eight hours okay if you time it perfectly that's I mean how to time previously it's two meals but it might be three while you're at work make one of those a shake one of them's your lunch break okay we only have one more left like I don't see why this is so difficult so last week I just practiced because I got all the the video stuff and we're doing it all ourselves I'm purposely kind of keeping it really raw they got a microphone cell phone that's it I got to leave it I was gonna buy a camera and I'm like you know I want to leave it real basic so we ran through it last week just got to get a field do some adding um but I want people to see everything that happens in a day while doing this and the only thing I changed is the food so I'm not like I didn't like shoot the gear up I'm not taking growth or anything like that it's just putting the effort in but it's really more about like look you can do both like I do understand when you're in prep and you're doing an hour and a half two hours of cardio training, tanning, posing yes some things kind of fall by the wayside but these guys that trade their life in for bodybuilding I think for the majority of us could understand that's a bad trade you know because I think that we lose track of how few bodybuilders and it's kind of funny it can's three of them are in this screen right now but are actually making money off a bodybuilding that aren't winning shows and then how few are winning shows and how little that money really is I mean you get ready for a show you win $10,000 what did it cost to do that show without a sponsorship it took you three or four months to get ready for it let's just get wild and say you made $4,000 after all the hotels and flights in Yadiyata for granite four months yeah it's not a great trade you know so I just kind of want people to see that because the things that in rich like and I did this when I was bodybuilding at a higher level my life was more simple I just had me my wife a business it was quick and easy nothing that involved other people really now bodybuilding is more exciting because it's literally like I mean Jamie I'm no you've we've talked about this briefly like if you leave your house to train to do whatever you you mentally know you're taking away time from your family from other things so you need to up that intensity while you're there but you also have to get your home and get back to life you don't have to sacrifice one for the other and I think again that's another thing you can look at with kids is you could show kids you can have goals and be a good dad be a mom you know be a good husband and be a good wife so that's kind of really what I'm hoping that it shows is like I did not have a sudden go back to one dimensional and I don't like I said I mean I was up to 290 already it was 286 something when I started so I guess a little over 4 pounds I'll be at 305 and of course I just say donuts let's say what the meals were I just said there were 5 of them but you know I'm saying it's it's really more that part and the training will be in the videos but just back where I get into like some fun top sets and stuff like that but the hope is just to people see you can do both because I'm really glad that my career set up in a way that bodybuilding didn't cost me my future and I think a lot of people can yeah I sometimes feel like because I was very all in I was very all in there's a lot of things I immediately sacrificed at a young age I just said no not doing that you know what I mean like I I look back and I'm like very fortunate that as all in as I was and as like you know no plan be to steal uh Clarita's line as as no plan be as I was because I was very like like I fully and 100 percent identified as a bodybuilder for the vast majority of my life my all my 20s and 30s I was like what what do you do I'm a bodybuilder like you know it was 100 percent of what I was and but I still had a couple of speed limits in my head drug use limits right I had these speed limits I wasn't willing to go over and then I had these financial speed limits no that's too much I'm not spending that no right not using growth that that real the farm growth is way too expensive not using it no I'm I got I got this to do I got a buy it got a buy place so I just sometimes I just thank my stars that I had at least those two speed limits you know what I mean because I could have you know I had no other speed limits right and for some reason I don't know just the way I was brought up or you know influence from somebody I just think man those were the two speed limits that kept me from being you know the guy that like you know any money left after and nothing to do said there you go you know what I mean like it no but you know I love that you said that though because the speed limits is a great example um they saved my I'm saying I think they saved me like I could have I would have just like 1000 percent another time since then their time staff's got I'm just counting them but yeah no I think that when you when you see it in hindsight I think that's the big thing that I'm realizing Scott is like again when you have the the near death thing you just look at stuff a little different and I'm like I wonder if I could have been even better then because that's what I'm learning now is like when I got back into training and things like I wasn't trying to go out in the same way but I really enjoyed it and a lot of change I started taking place just because I was enjoying it more than I was just like I did to be here again and I'm not forgetting about muscle memory and all that that would give me wrong but there is something to be said of just kind of being mindful like you were saying run like you were being mindful of a couple things like you do not want to get down the road and and when your big show and get done and go to your hotel room by yourself because you've alienated your family you've lost your girlfriend and all these things because that great achievement will not be a great day without those other things you know I mean and I think that it's it's very similar I mean you find out quickly who's around you and who you impacted I mean now I'm on a rampage a little here but you know when I came back from my coma you started to realize how many people you didn't even realize you were impacting by living your life you don't want that number to be zero you know where they're like oh I don't even know that I want to drive down the street to watch dust to compete because he's kind of a ass you know so that's all I'm hoping that that'll come through if not it'll be some fun for me and I'm enjoying just doing it's harder again now like I said you get you got to practice you lose your skills on certain things like just eating because it's time to eat you know it's not silly but after years like I got I look at the clock and I'm like no okay two weeks metabolism will be moving fast yeah won't be bad you're yourself you know you'd be good yeah you're already you know you're already doing a bent rose like you you're still bent rowing for a playtime you yeah I just wanted to try and see how it went it was good I got 12 so wasn't bad yeah like just crazy like I would have you the only time I ever you know could bent row four plates was when I was doing everything right like just like everything right you know plus anodrol you know that's like that's like that's like I just see how it feels in my hands as it you know just getting some meals in yeah in fairness I had had four days of heavy meals before that left yeah but it is fair to be said I think Jamie will agree with me here like Jamie and I you know as far as Jen Popko we're both big strong guys relative to the average person but then there's Dosty who does it you know it's super human stuff on TRT yeah mine it's American TRT if that matters so no it's it's good Scott what do you what do you think though you think if that's something that people will catch or I'm hopeful because it's going to be the whole purpose yeah I think it'd be interesting to hear you know it'd be interesting to see and I think it's exciting too because I feel like every time and this is just watching everybody that I podcast with when people get plugged into training they get more passionate and excited about that they get more excited about bodybuilding and it comes through you know and I think that that then translates to to the people that follow you and follow the shows and stuff I don't know I know that like whenever I've competed that the amount of interactions that you then have with people goes up and other people get excited and motivated and I think it'll only end up good it'll only be to the world's benefit as long as you you know stay healthy don't hurt yourself and and you keep having fun with it you know and don't see the effort on my YouTube which had the very first video I did because it was after we talked Scott yeah we did a cooking with dusty yeah and I cleaned it too far and I was like I don't care if money it might as I'm bombing a hell out of them this isn't funny I don't care I have to tell you guys something so for people who have never met Jamie and person I don't remember if that was the first time we met in person Jamie at the Olympia just a few weeks ago now was that the first time we met in person that you can remember I feel like we've met okay I felt like we met before but I guess that's just because I've no one of you and no one you for such a long time I I go all the way back to here and you on the size game by the way you might not have known that but dude yeah three chairs for the size game people don't don't realize just how absolutely huge you are not just because you're jackdooed but because if you're height and everything like I could you can't miss Jamie at like a huge crowd of jacked bodybuilders and then you're like oh there's Jamie there's the biggest guy right there yeah it might not translate completely on the screen you know what I'm saying but I just wanted to share that for all the viewers at home you were watching this new home Jamie before I think easily without question Jamie you have the craziest frame I have ever seen on a pro bodybuilder that says a lot too yeah there's nobody with more there's nobody that height with with with more x frame than than you you're you're that there's been some guys you're height obviously but they didn't have the shoulder width the taper the quads then like the the structure and stuff you have the craziest frame I've ever seen it's there's never been a frame bigger than yours in pro bodybuilding ever and when you see it in person like I'm used to you now that's all hilarious it is I'm like used to you like oh yeah it's Jamie and then I see photos of us and I'm like Jesus there's another one no does Jesus count do I probably not not to me because I love Jesus if it helps oh wow I'm really like comment okay so yeah but are you aware of that Jamie like do you do you feel bigger than everybody or is it just normal do you like do you I mean you look down on everyone you know yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the way anytime I know this is when I have to look up if this is weird this is not the normal so whoever you looked up to like Brian Shaw Vymebrane Shaw not mebride in person but there was this guy at the expert actually brought me some some strawberry flavor rush crispy square balls yeah those were in the back I saw those in the back I might have one of those did make it all of what I asked him how tall he was he says I'm six foot six you know the same as Josh and I think I was just like a back end of the way it's saying Josh just told that me as well so yeah that's a little bit but no thank you very much and you know as well as I do as bodybuilders you're always critical of yourself I mean I went to the Olympian that I wasn't my best because I've come off with back of a competitive season and you get that slope post contest and I've obviously gone through the speeds of going into TOT and not know if I was going to compete again so I would say myself as team as physical nature as low what had a great time there and a car made to get to Canada to train with you guys and I'm actually more worried about Andrea the only female that's good at it but it's not really worked she's definitely better than all of us she's a mental lunatic and I loved I didn't know that until the episode and I was like how can you be so nice and politely slit throats the way you do it's impressive yeah you're you're gonna love in in the gym Jamie because it's well let's tell you let's let's tell everybody what's actually going on because a lot of people from the gym listen to the podcast so let's tell everybody what's going on we haven't we've sort of mentioned it to dozen times now what's going on you just so therefore but go ahead yes so I think my bike flights generally the 29th and there me obviously does see you're already going to be there run obviously Andrea we're going to do Westco's eye into films from content for music and I think we're there until the Friday if like back on Friday so it's like a week's worth of content that really isn't it yeah we're gonna have a lot of fun I know we were gonna bring Clarita but he he's sort of decided to do something do you want to talk about that yeah I'm interested to see you guys think that the Lionel Poe of Role is always very light yeah what's it eight guys seven I was just trying to see where who who has that I just want to look at the screen right oh yeah there we go there we go Charles is pretty dropped out so that's right who who is going to go Charles Griffin's drops out yep all right okay so I mean looking at this I know it's a small list but to see Clarita's name in there with these guys is it's funny because you know he could win could he win this hmm is that possible let me wild I think the comparison between Samsung and Clarita is it's like a little and not met a lot of generally not disrespect for the boy's like a mini version they're quite similar in terms of the radical it's gonna be amazing seeing this is gonna be amazing I want to see Clarita next to Bonac I want to see Clarita next to a keen like you know like and then obviously come all like it's it's it's going to be awesome we're really excited what you know to see to see this move I mean this is an aggressive move by Sean you know he's he's he's stepping in there I don't know to me it just says I'm not afraid to anybody like I'm I'm not afraid of his single one of you I just think it's awesome I love it yeah you know this is a great show I mean the quality I mean you know obviously low numbers but every single one of these guys is awesome so it's gonna be good and I mean Williams one two already has any yes yes I'm saying yes I think Bonac I think Bonac is too Arnold I don't know Scott could check that but yeah I'll look it up I know he won at least one I was there for I think it was a thousand in yeah he was a coin he was a coin flip last year I think that might be the one that we're thinking I think you only won one because I remember I thought he was gonna win the Arnold last year oh he might have won like another one of the other Arnold's maybe I'm thinking he might have won one of those I can be it oh yeah you know I don't know I don't know but says sometimes that throws you off you know I love seeing Samson do this show incredible I just think it's a great like something a lot of people in his shoes would wait and you know what I mean and like he's getting right into it I mean he's he knows where he stands and on this list I mean I would have to assume he's the favorite going in yeah he'd have to be the the highest ranking open guy would have to be the favorite but can you imagine what a hey last call out you know final call out Samson and Sean I can hear it oh man yeah two guys get like you know Samson who stood next to Rami and looked the same size and then next next to Clare like that's I hope I hope that's the last call out that would just be crazy there you go time to see I'm keeping it I'm keeping it so we can test the waters right just a little dash I'm a little surprised to see Justin Rodriguez do this show and the reason I say that is is I feel like his body's tired like he is phenomenal to me but I'm not seeing a lot of change and if the goal in my opinion bodybuilding is always to get drastically better so I really thought that he would do what Charles Griffin is doing and being in my ping smart step and back take a little more time and then coming back drastically improved I would love for him to prove me wrong but based on the what he's brought in and the the Margaran of coaches he's had I just don't know that the coaching is the problem as much as a body who needs a break you know I mean I don't think people realize the stress I don't think I'm about to gear just getting ready for a show and Justin's known to get big really really quick so his perhaps are full perhaps every time this time maybe a little last to just wasn't much of a window to get heavy but I'll be curious to see how that shakes out I say I hope I'm proving wrong and he's right up you know in that mix but I mean I don't know how him shows he last ever had to be like seven or eight I mean I felt like every show I turned out he was in and the reason I think he should not is because he should be winning these shows he's that good in my right to right to to is one to he's one to yeah 18 and 20 yeah the um well man it's dangerous when you got a two-time champ in the lineup too you know bonnet could win this Samson could win this clear reader could win this obviously the other guys aren't favorites to beat those three guys just based off the previous placings at the Olympian Arnold right yeah but you know those those three guys have you know the I'd say the the ability to do this I would I would say Samson's a favorite because he's the highest placing guy this year in the open but and he's made the fastest changes in the last year so I wouldn't put it past him to beat his Olympia look another thing I knew it later think of the think of the mental place that Samson's in right now it would be like full speed ahead absolute reward and confirmation of everything he's been doing he's got no questions in his mind whether he's doing the right thing obviously he'd be happy with his coaching and his circle of people and his sponsors and just everything in his world is click click click right now after coming off that Olympia I would think obviously so so you just think that that makes the guy even more dangerous you know you get on a roll like that or everyone behind you still don't imagine you have all the momentum and all the mental drive you want but to be able to be your absolute best at the Olympia and for a lot of these guys now they're going to be their absolute best again and two months later that's going to be interesting to see what happens you know it's it's you know I mean I did 24 shows but most of the time it was one show a year you know and you know and then obviously looking back in hindsight now on bodybuilding and everything that goes into it I see the guys that do the Arnold and the Olympia the Arnold and the Olympia like like Brandon Curry guys it do that a lot and I just think man you guys are like you guys are super dedicated super dedicated like yeah I just imagine like how tired after doing that a couple times you know you must have the their little system you know like you know Brandon's got all his family time maybe he just shuts down a lot recovers hard you know you know it gets back into it that sort of thing but it just seems like no break to me you know yeah it seems like no break you be doing this thing it um that a keen Williams can possibly win any show he ever does I always when I see his name I'm like that could be your winner just because if he hits he's so crazy I remember his what he needs you know yeah I remember seeing a came when the Tampa I was at that show and I just remember his conditioning there was fantastic I think that was like 2017 or something but his his conditioning was fantastic his glutes were pretty striated and it was just a crushing win like he easily won it was a tough lineup like it was a lot of good guys you know the Tampa was a good show and he smoked it and how high has he been at the yo he's been like was it any six one year I thought it was six that just exactly what I was thinking so it might be right it you know so we know what he's capable of but I just feel like the condition from the back just is never quite as you know just where it needs to be it needs to be like that sick like you know when you turn around and you see the glutes on you know the guys that are shredded shredded and you just say man if a came had that his mask would look even more ridiculous and crazy so I always feel like he's just kind of off from the back that's what always kind of hurts him for me and and but yeah I mean like he's very very dangerous at any show he does and you know I mean he he was where he was at the Olympia in with nine more weeks you know maybe he figured like hey I'm gonna die it for 16 weeks into the Olympia maybe he needed nine more you know and I'm saying yeah who knows what like yeah he could be like the most improved you know yeah I mean I would guess I'm waiting to see the I'm waiting to see the best ever of the team because that's I mean he's one of my favorite bodybuilders like I've trained with them I I he's an amazing bodybuilder and you know I was want him to be at his best so he can place his highest possible you know so yeah I mean let's see how they just go I always want to see you know it's always been fun in our years of watching bodybuilders when individuals do their like they're coming out show where they just blow your mind I mean like oh one cutler when you weren't ready for it you know goon to come out at the Olympia that you're going to check fifth and you're just like how he even qualified like you don't even remember how he got into that show and it's nuts I would love to see that from him at least once because he's been great don't get me wrong but that like yeah you said next level sort of best I ever like he would smash some great bodybuilders if he just nailed it perfectly so I'm hopeful because I'd love to see him in that top three mix too just because like you say it's with my favorite just cool guy plus I think he's a strongest bodybuilder on the planet I mean casually yeah yeah like nothing yeah yeah casually crazy yeah what do you think Jamie did you have anything else on your list we like Jamie's list yeah I like you too uh I'm a bit of a talking point maybe see what you see about this it was actually off through our top cast and I'm thinking I'm going on the show and those they're disgusting so this isn't to a rob somebody else's idea but you you spoke on your podcast about the point system being educated and I feel it's the Olympia's idea to eradicate the point system was to try and get less people at the Olympia that's the only riding goal here which obviously that's not going to achieve that and so how can we get the best bodybuilders the Olympia limit the amount of compare is there so the Olympia committee are happy and everything else and the fans have the best bodybuilders there as well well the ideas from the podcast Ian and Philard was it's twisted but they kind of like really brushed over and I thought that's an amazing idea is take any other professional sport so you've got NFL NHL soccer you've all got professional leagues like a championship league table so imagine each division there was a league table for the athletes top 20 in the world and to get onto this table to qualify for Olympia all 20 people qualify so it would be go away from the qualification system that's what the idea is now I'm talking about it being like an entire qualification system completely people compete throughout the year but they were saying well then it's going to encourage more people to show so it might be deemed as unhealthy but you have like a season so six months of the year is the bodybuilding season and people compete at these shows maybe every weekend to get points in the table to compete at the Olympia at the end of the year I just think that would be like bring bodybuilding more mainstream and make it there would be avenues to make that super exciting as well so you would say only a point system it like let like just kind of plan with the idea of no like it's all point based or do you get in if you win a show no you get in if you're not top 20 in that point system by the end of the year and obviously the chosen going to be tiered so the more points for higher place enough leeks in higher tiered shows so that better athletes wouldn't need to essentially do more shows they could still right they could just set the points up that way yeah yeah but one of the complaints I'm hearing a lot is the better athletes are saving it to the Olympia they're not seeing them on stage at these local shows so this system would encourage the better athletes to get their arts on stage as well I think it would work if like the NHL the NFL and all of them there was a team paying to put them everywhere because that's where where things get lost is you know these guys are flying places these guys are missing work you know because that's where the wheels fall off and these things is who funds it all because it can't be the athlete it's a great like I was just saying earlier you there's just not enough money to make it worth it I love the idea for the show but the IFBB would have to fund it for it to work right you know we I really like I really like the idea of like when we were talking about the bracketing kind of idea like the I don't know I just thought that was cool like if if you beat somebody at a show how I was that bracket where remember we're talking about that brackets got yeah we're talking about like you know just bracketing you know a bunch of people start out and then whoever wins these shows they continue to bracket in and somehow end up with a smaller list which by the way Victoria listened to that and she was like that is not what I was saying at all I was like yeah we just kind of ran with it you're completely misrepresented by idea yep you never say my name and what I said you don't listen to yeah the the the thing about trying to get fewer competitors in the men's open and in the like they're well they're talking about all the categories right just fewer competitors I mean the the so they're just taking away the point system how many guys were even in on points there's like two because Cucleo quite a lot of points didn't go I think Justin and so yeah that's the thing I'm saying like it's not even really going to make much of a difference they're trying to get rid of like what they want to get rid of like 10 guys but only a handful of them around points anyways so it's that's going to be more shows that she had come in oh and I'm and obviously I remember this time it's a top five requalified for the Olympia right yes you just can talk 10 I remember the days when it was a top 10 at the oh get to requalify you know there was a lot fewer shows too but I mean what if they just go back to just the winner just the winner winner requalifies like all the winners qualify for the whole year no one else everyone has to win a show you know that would knock you'd have Nick Walker showing up at a show you'd have Derek showing up at a show just think of that it would drive those four guys in the top five to these other shows which would then cut down on the number of guys come you know what they would obviously probably win their shows most likely yeah so there's five less guys at the show now like maybe that's one of the things that they got to do it just taking away the points doesn't seem like it's gonna make enough of a difference if that's their goal we kind of talk too about like what if they were teared shows but if what if say like something like this say that you say if you do like the Detroit showdown you have to win two smaller shows like that in order to win in order to get it right but if you won the will take like say we had five shows that would be on the caliber of like the Arnold in the New York pro and then we added in a few more there that those would be you only had to win that one kind of thing right you got something like that yeah yeah there's a lot of ideas but you know they want less bodies on stage I also think have to problem is they have to rework how they run the show because that whole you know the whole like show taking the whole the show taking forever uh complaint I think they sort of said oh it's because we had too many athletes but no there was other things you could have done too you know there were some categories that were like wasn't there 58 guys in classic how that held the dot happen crazy you know like 60 of them it was crazy is there's that many shows like there's 50 some shows a year now in classic like what am I missing? do we know that? think because of the time since obviously the left who is in December and then the qualifying system run extra long because of that oh yeah that makes those but that is the issue isn't it um I see men's physique bikini it's the three other categories that cause an issue in in essence because who's the one that's the third you guys in the event you've the best time I'm fine with how how many were there 30? but yeah yeah I'm fine with that I mean 20's 20's a little bit more sensible but yeah I get the point yeah you know they didn't need to be 58 classic guys well we'd think about something for them let's uh maybe you could just start 30 35 and if any then other both 30 just hang them on something you're shaking. based on infections on the physique maybe one's got four toes hang in good. yes yes just eliminate them just every everyone has to send in um their mandatory poses and get compared to bomb stand if they can't stand next to me doesn't come. nope you're not in sorry you won three shows but you can't stand I said never mind I also think I just think yeah you know like the 58 guys in classic this year you think okay so like you know literally what 45 of them must have known they had no hope oh anyways like that's expensive they all have sponsors paying for everything like that's a lot of guys you think like Steve Ku Klow didn't go to the oh cause he's like a f*** you know not my and then these other guys like all showed up that seems a little crazy to me. I think I don't think that everyone takes the full business stance you know because for example and don't worry nobody I don't I don't think it's what happened but if Ron or I slipped and fell in qualified for the Olympia we'd go that's true I'm going like give me my jacket give me last place I'm out of here nice jacket so if I go just to get the jacket I would go if I was a pro just to get the jacket you're so right those are the coolest jackets I would wear every day you would be on every episode of the podcast the be it I'm just done I'd have little ones made for Harvey and Donna my dad took last at the Olympia um and we don't even know how he qualified he was to say Olympia qualified that's the no last. Yeah they're gonna live he guess I might it's like that's not looking at it I'm not looking at the Instagram bio perks I guess yeah exactly got my bio I would actually write last place because I'd still but I was there B yeah good stuff yeah I don't know I do think that they really just need to only my biggest complaint that would save everything for me is put the men and women on separate days you know and and really call that a day because I think if you can quickly cut people in pre judging I mean quickly quarter turns you know who's not the top 15 bye and then get rolling and then as an athlete I think you're gonna be a little more reasonable with yourself too like if you know there's 58 guys and you're not anywhere near that top 15 maybe you're not coming to decor terms of frontier family. That's probably at the end of the day does the I think that's probably the best and easiest solution is for the show the way the show's structured to just be a bit more brutal. You just have to say I mean you know that whole you know at the regional level everybody gets to pose because you want them to all get their stage time and their experience right and obviously as you move up the ranks things get a little bit more app sorry no posing your team at you know you're not top five don't get to pose you know that sort of thing but I have no qualms with that level the Olympia being savage like absolutely savage like I went to pre judging and ten minutes later I'm done you know I don't really have a problem with that because maybe that's all they need to do maybe if they just do that then they don't have to screw with the system or change the points or any of that stuff it just sort of does it for them because those huge categories with all those people that will be where you'll see the the reduction the reduction will be harsh like one year later it will be half as many you know 40 43 people would be cut in the quarter terms yeah first I don't see them again quick and I think the X I do think that you can do that at that point and now you've got to show to watch yeah yeah and now everybody can spend the rest of the night at the night show when they go to the big venue at the arena everybody can spend the whole night looking at the top 15 you know you get a good look at them you know so that would be maybe an idea is to an idea too you know what do you think of that Jamie just being savage at the judging table oh yeah because I do believe I'm in the capital to see seven and I believe this is this character and me also for sure if I was to make it then I would have no ambition of doing anything at the Olympia other than standing on the stage represent my best physique and clap the jack yet see later but the fact that I get there the sense of achievement and just just being there being backstage and so can hardly experience I'm all four as many athletes as possible have been the opportunity to do that and I feel as though the harder it is yeah great for the kind of a family that perhaps aren't compared is because they're only thinking of the end result they're thinking of having the best athletes on stage well imagine putting your life's work your heart and soul and money into something like bodybuilding and having the chance of stepping on stage of the event we are always taking away from you because people have decided to be able to save the money or whatever it is I think as an athlete there's probably only out of circles and on the brink of being able to qualify that is still a huge incentive in your kind of goal system for the year let's say let's say let people get left fantastic be more savage at Olympia fine that's that's got to be expected because it's the book yeah I would say measures at the Olympia perhaps concentrate on those rather than stopping from people actually getting there in the first place I like that I like that too qualified if yeah I know you mean keep the points it drives people blah blah blah but then just make the reality what it is at the oh so I think what people are missing is it didn't get easier to qualify like those guys that all qualified damn yeah you know I mean and that's the part that gets missed it's very similar to you know getting your pro card like on a on a lower tier that alone is like wow now you might never be a good pro ever ever but you you were able to do that I mean when I was chasing a pro card James where you are with trying to get with an Olympia I just wanted to I just wanted to check that box I came to do this did that done I never thought okay now I'm going to go to the Olympia there was no confusion on where the stance was but that was a huge step and you know I can say this and it might be a weird comparison for people but you know the greatest part of turning pro was for me about three weeks after the Olympia guy met me and I said the jam I you know tank top and he's like are you a pro now you know yes I had never got to say that before like that was the that was the big like I was like I got to say yes this is amazing yeah so you know you get to do the Olympia like you said you're not thinking this year when you were shooting for the Olympia you weren't saying and once I get there I'm going to wrecavic and top five you know we weren't lost on the where that was going but you were going to qualify then hopefully bring you are very best look to the Olympia and see what that is that's always killer when somebody does that you know I noticed the odd guy shows up just in crazy shape he knows he's not going to place but like he comes in like great shape because some of the guys in the back of the pack were in great condition this year so yeah so Jamie I I'm going to see in a few weeks eh yeah it'll be great to have you back here dusty it will be great to have you up here it's been a long time I mean I've already had Jamie at the gym lately you know so having my week is fading on the wall I know you got to like re-chains over the new marker yeah because you you signed the wall before we got the the windows tinted so the sun bleest year is off the wall yeah now we'll redo it and it'll be safe now it'll be safe there we go Jamie are you coming into the Arnold as well yes I'm actually this is another talking point but we haven't got time potentially but I think for another episode you could perhaps speak about managing an offseason and in like a busy travel schedule because you were speaking about obviously just this with the youtube thing and join it and showing people that you can do this and make progress with a busy schedule busy life and a good job I look to the time and I was like man we're going to Canada at the end of January I've got um Katie's birthday in Dubai in February and then the beginning of March is the Arnold's and then we've got Feebo yeah I've got a holiday with the kids because they break it from school and it's like what's going to be in June and July and August there's something every month so far so there probably be something every month for the year yeah we're booked every month I've shared and I already looked at it we're literally booked every month that's why oh yeah yeah we got something to do almost every month I think there's actually a couple months in the summer when mutant doesn't do anything with me but then there's all these shows that happen out here like the van pro happens here and all that so the gym is like an event in itself because it's you know everyone's coming to town to compete and all that so there's a few of those so there is something every month for me there's basically like some thing that I usually have to travel for you know so it would be great to see a Jamie I'm really looking forward to it I know the members at the gym that know your comment are excited and I mean now everyone will know and uh dusty there's so much you haven't seen up here I know you have to come up and do come back no no just come in and hang out are you guys bringing the wives what's going on I'm not this trip because it's tight tight window if the kids and stuff five days during school weeks or we're not yeah yeah for the Arnold she's coming cool okay okay and you're not bringing the wife are you Jamie you take in her to Dubai for a birthday so she's good that's wrong yeah and I'm thinking that and what is the table resident and oh surah a big solid off season meal I will know it go there day one straight from the airport if you want nice we'll do that okay thanks Jamie thanks for coming on short notice we've been talking about getting you on and then me and Scott and Dusty were chatting we're like well let's let's just get him on right now and yeah you guys are really tall so it was awesome fantastic Jamie the giant tell everybody where your podcast is so they could check it out yes first of all always a place beyond podcast thanks very much guys I did appreciate it and sorry about the small delay I hope that doesn't play anyone off there's not delay we don't see it on our end it's good it's all good great stuff and my podcast is on youtube and it's called the beautiful struggle podcast Jim did actually say it's a bit gay hopefully that's not faster swear in but he just likes to harass you so yeah the beautiful struggle podcast on youtube finally there's six episodes but I think five of being released one is coming get the other giant and yeah guys I'll see you in Canada okay thanks man everybody Jamie the giant Christian remember what's your mutant code Jamie T-M-G-20 this three wrong you get 25% off oh yeah okay I am mutant dot com TMG 20 of course does to 20 big round 20 and remember everybody like share subscribe comment and bring the bell thanks guys great episode it's just bodybuilding thank you everybody remember leave questions in the comments so that we can hit you up on our Q&A episode and it's just bodybuilding you