You know, enlist into like, oh, this guy trains with dusty, you know, he's strong. He's lifted, you know, eight plates on the hack. It's like, but that's not who I am. I guess the thing is is that, but you could be. I think that a lot of us could be a lot stronger than we give ourselves credit for, is what it comes down to. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNally. And today I'm here with Tommy Styles. If you guys have been watching the programs or I should say listing to the programs for a long time, Tommy, we had you on that head to be like, two, three years ago now. Was it? Yeah, it was the fall of 2017. I think, or I was getting ready for shows in 2017. So yeah, it's somewhere in there. Okay. And then we ended up meeting. So Tommy and I are both from Detroit. We ended up meeting out at Grand Rapids for the Western Michigan. And we both competed at that show. Which was cool. Actually, I stayed, I stayed with you at your room. By the way, thank you again for your hospitality. I appreciate that. And since then, I'm absolutely positive. It was a good time. Yeah, I hardly remember it because there was like so much, you know, there's so much it goes into a show. All I remember is like at the end of the night, I just passed the F out. And I was I was ready to sleep. But it was it was a good time, man. But I look back at that. And for both of us, I feel like a lot has changed. You know, I kind of took a couple years of not progressing as hard. But this last year, I've really taken a lot of the things I've learned. And I've been applying it to myself. And you never stopped. You've been pushing. You've made some tremendous progress since 2017. Not to mention, you moved out to Arizona. And you've been working with Dusty. And now you're one of his training partners. You guys probably recognized Tommy. If you haven't seen him before, if you weren't one of the old school OG listeners of Advices, you've probably seen him, you know, spotting Dusty or something. So we're going to talk about training today. We're going to basically create a case study of what our back training looks like and share with you the insights that we've developed. And hopefully, you guys will pick something up out of this. So I've been looking forward to do with this with you for a while, man. Yeah, no, we, you and I talk regularly about this kind of thing. And I'm glad we're getting together to kind of put it out there for people and see if we can help them out. Yeah, me too. So so where do we start? Because we kind of talked and game plan this a little bit. And before we actually get into the exercises, what was the word you used? I can't take credit for it, but it's a potential, a potential, a commosal that you're going to be training that day. Okay. And what does that mean? Exactly. Yeah. It was based, I've not to get scientific, but I, I looked at it as like you're basically, you're, that's your primer. You're getting some blood into the area that you're going to be working. You're establishing a connection between your mind and that muscle. So for what we're going to be talking about, it's, it's my muscle connection, a big part of it. And as body though, there's, we're not trying to move away from A to B. We're trying to stretch and contract weight from a starting point to a finishing point. So you need to be in tune with your body. I kind of said this to you before we started recording that proper body building training session is as much of a mental stress as it is a physical stress. Yeah. Because you have to be so in tune for every rep every set from start of the workout to the end of the workout. So that, that all starts with how you get warmed up, how you get yourself in that zone to train. And we're not talking about intensity at this point. We're just talking about like, all right, so we're talking about back today. How do I get connected with my last? And for me, I might do some bandwork, just some like put a band around a an object right in front of me and do some standing rows just drawing some blood kind of like you pump up for a show. Yeah. Backstage. That's kind of like what the tension work is for me. And I'm too into the degree. I might do some behind-the-neck pull-downs. Just to get things moving just to see, all right, where am I tight? What do I need to focus on to get warmed up? You know, shoulders. Every day is different. There's no real like thing I do every time I go in. But it's just kind of like a little 10 minute thing I do to get just to get the body of the mind where it needs to be. Yeah, I used to, for now, and I started right after that contest in 2017. I brought my pictures to the guys at Muscle Mines, which at the time, that was Dr. Scott Stevenson in Jordan Peters. We're both on that show. And we talked about the areas I wanted to bring up. And back was one of the big ones. And it was really kind of developing just more width to the lats. Really. Like my the density of the rhomboids were okay. But I wanted to develop more lat and I felt like the lats weren't activating well. So Scott's suggestion was to maybe do a pullover first. And so for about a year straight, that's all I did. It was like I'd start with a pullover. And it wasn't even like a heavy working exercise. It's more about what you're talking about where I just tried to get some blood in the muscle and try to get the lats activated. And in that way, then when I went, I'd normally I'd go to a pull down next and or a pull up. And when I got there, I already had blood in the lap. And it felt like it was it was easier to contract. I feel like one of the reasons that the muscle didn't grow well was because I had a hard time like learning how to contract it. You know what I mean? I feel like a lot of times that's the issue for people with a weak body part. Like hamstrings for me used to be weak. And what guess what? I couldn't contract them very well either. Yeah, not agree with that. I think if you're not a weak body part is usually one that struggles to be activated altogether. Yeah. It might be weak strength-wise too, but you're also probably only activating half as much as you potentially could be. So yeah, so I get where you're coming from and I get what you mean too about how it changes. Having tore my shoulder this last year, now I'm really aware of my shoulders any upper body work that I'm getting into. And I may take the theragon to them. You know, I may even do some mobility type work just to get blood in my shoulders to start. But outside of that, depending on how I'm feeling, I don't do too much to really get started other than just get into my exercise now. That said, I start really light. And I use that exercise to warm up and I ask myself like, okay, am I contracting? I want to keep visually doing this by the way, as I'm talking. Like, I'm, it's in my brain right now. I want to, but that's what I want to do is I want to try to focus on connecting to the muscle that I'm trying to activate. How am I sitting? What's my arm look like as it's coming down? What's the angle look like? What's contracting? That kind of thing. And like I said, I start really light, but then I slowly begin to work into it. Mm-hmm. No, I think so we both are on the same page. We're just trying to get our mind into the muscle, blood into the muscle before we get into the actual working set. So starting us out then getting into the workout, what would be the first exercise that you would use for back? I always start with a with movement. Okay. Something for width. So you mentioned pullovers. Um, I, if I have the option at the gym, has it, which I've gym just got one is a, it's a pullover machine. Yeah. We have the hammer strength, not a, or the hammer strength pullover. Yeah. We've been opening up with that. And, um, I mean, Doryn did that, his whole career. And I mean, success leaves clues. He had a pretty good back. So yeah. I like a pullover just because it's the only movement that activates the last that doesn't activate the biceps too. Mm-hmm. That's true because it's, you know, you're coming straight down and over. Yeah. So we'll open up with that. And with that one, um, I actually liked to let my elbows flare out. Okay. And um, my elbows aren't actually on the pads of that machine. Every pullover machine is a bit different. Yeah. But I just hold on to the bar and my elbows actually aren't in contact with the pads. Um, so, it, the biggest thing for people to realize, like, you can swing that machine down and up down and up and not even be activating your lap. So you have to actually, right teach people to do is contract your lap all the way down without even being on the machine. Just as I am now. And then emulate that when you're on the machine with the, with the load that you're going to use. Yeah. Um, and over time that mine muscle will enhance and then you want to be able to do a pullover without contracting your lap after you get used to it. Yeah. So you get into these working sets. How long does that? How long does that take? Like, walk me through, I guess, from the time you get to this pullover machine to the time you're actually getting to the working weight. Because I feel like that's something that we skip over a lot of times. And I find that some of my clients are confused as to what they need to do to get to that first working set. Yeah. Um, that I think the reason people get confused and it's hard for us to explain it because it's never it's never concrete some days you might need more than others and others you might need less. So for me typically it's, um, because there's two places to rack weights on the pullover machine. So I put two forty five on, then I put four forty five on, then I put three forty five on and then a working set will be four forty five's or four forty five's on each side. Okay. Total. Um, that'll be my working set. I'll try to get 12 and then dusty will force me through a couple extra give or take. Um, for work working or one of sets, either do it one of two ways. It's either they're all straight sets of like 10 to 12 same amount just like so I guess those would kind of be feeder sets. Yeah. Um, or I warm up in this and we talked about this. I warm up where it's like 10 reps then when I add weight, I'll drop to like six to seven reps then when I add weight, I'll drop to like four to five reps so your reps are decreasing as your weights going up just trying to conserve energy and strength for that work and set. So those are the two ways I'll use to warm up it just depends on what we're what movement we're doing. Yeah. That's, that's, I think that's, that's where I think it, it really does take experimenting. Like you said, it's never going to be quite the same. It depends on the day too. You know, some days you walk in and you're feeling strong. Other days and I think too like for me, I don't know if if age plays a role. I think age does play a small role to it. I think also strength plays a role because the stronger you are, the longer it could take to get to the heavy weight. You know, I agree with that. Um, I mean, I watch dusty does eight warm upsets before it gets still working so that just because he's working with such high loads. Yeah. So, you know, I get to get his dependent, whereas like, you know, some of my clients, I'll program for them and I have to take them to a count that they might only need one warm upset to be at a working weight. Yeah. So the concept I give or the description I give might not meet where they're at and they're journey yet. Yeah, that makes sense. And I think there's, you know, we had talked before, not on this show, but we had talked before about, and I've said this in other programs, I think there's two aspects to warming up. And that is the literal like getting blood into the muscle, getting your joints warmed up, you know, feeling it. But then I think there's also that central nervous system component that, you know, we've all lifted away, uh, for we'll say, you know, X amount of reps that that first working set. And then we go back to do the same set again, and it feels lighter that second time, you know, it's that central nervous system aspect that I feel like that needs to be keyed up in getting that marriage right of getting your central nervous system and the muscle warmed up, getting your body warmed up, and still having all of the, like everything left in the tank, you know, not burning yourself out too soon. Because we don't want to do, you know, 50 for 10, 60 for 10, 70 for 10, and then go to 80 for working set for 10 because, you know, obviously you're not going to get as much as you could of at the same time. It's, it's finding that balance where you say even in the tank, but you don't get hurt and you're ready, you know, it's all those things I guess combined. Maybe that's why it's hard to, to, to put that out there as to, as to what a warm-up should look like. Yeah, because I think it's just something you're constantly adapting and it's evolving as you learn your body more. You know, there's days where like a working way that I plan doesn't end up happening because I'm stronger that day, and you know, I'll do two reps with it, and I'll just rack it, and I'll just tell us, yeah, I need to go up. Yeah, it's just, it's not, it's, I'm stronger today or I'm at the flip side. I went in and days I thought I was going to get to a certain point and like, go, that today. It's, so, you just have to, you know, you just adjust. You're kind of calling it audible. It doesn't mean you're going to have a bad session, it just means you have to be in tune with your body. It's not there. You can't force it on that given day. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Now, I've been mostly starting with a pull down lately. Okay. And I've been doing things differently. I don't know if you saw the videos I recently been posting, but I feel like my pull down, I don't think it did a lot for me in the past. And I think that that was part of the issue that I feel like I was, I can't even tell you exactly what I was doing, but I was, I know I was pulling to like the top of my chest, almost to my neck, really. And I feel like I was probably activating like Terry's and possibly rear delts, you know, an upper back and I wasn't getting those lats. I found I've almost kind of, I get like a pull over action almost in the pull down where I keep my elbows. I think it's the, I was talking to Dave Smith about this and I think it's the path to my elbows. I keep him in closer now, more in front of me and I pulled down to like the solar plexus, even with like an overrated bar. I saw that video you posted it, it actually does now the invention and it does mimic a pull over the way your lats are moving. Yeah. I think the traditional pull over, even that bar is like everyone growth, they grab as wide as they can. Yeah. And for me, I don't know what your experiences, but it just ends up pulling on my bicep, which I get too heavy of a weight and I don't actually feel anything for the lats. Yeah. I could see when I when I do them the way you posted, I actually I might not, you know, the load might not be as impressive, but it's all lapt and start of the movement to finish. So I actually have to further that way for that pull down to the way you're doing. Every time I'm exercising to me, it's almost like a physical therapy where I'm trying to train this to contract better, you know, contract better each workout. So I guess the things I'm focusing on on that and you could tell me if you feel this way, I'm leading you because I know you do. But I try to get a really good contraction and I try to be honest and controlling the negative is best I can. I've seen your pull over and I feel like you guys are really controlling the negative all the way through. I feel like to me that maybe that's something that I don't think I focused on soon enough, but I feel like it's a game changer. Yeah. No, I learned a ton about negatives just from doing DC before and with Dusty and then anything you've ever seen Dorian talk about or seen in his videos was all about the negative building the mass of the muscle and I think it's it's easy not to do in the beginning of our careers because it's hard and it's not. You have to check your ego to be able to do proper negatives and then once you get strong with proper negatives, that's even more oppressive. Explosive concentrics is cool. I mean, I always appreciate that, but if someone can control away from start to finish, that's pure body building right there. So I'm not saying thinking as you, if I can't control the way, I mean obviously there's going to be a degree where you're going to use a little English with certain movements. We do need to build muscle. This isn't like your form shouldn't be so strict that you don't ever get strong. But it shouldn't be so sloppy that it's, you know, we're moving way for the sake of moving weight. That's just not what body building is. Yeah. Yeah, I've talked to a lot of the guys that I work with where we work out exercise technique. I start them out with a really controlled negative and I feel like that to me is the foundation and that after you can really get that down, then maybe you can start to loosen up a little bit. You know, it's like you can control a negative and still bring it, you know, still let it up pretty quickly. It's just a matter of like I think that that learning the rules before you bend them. You know what I mean? Right, that's a good point. I mean, I can't tell just by somehow someone's doing a movement if they're in control or not. Like, if you watch old videos of like Jay colored, Jay wasn't really slow slow with the negatives, but I guarantee he had a connection to his muscle the whole time through, you know what I mean? Like, if you're a seasoned veteran and like you know what speed you can control your the negatives that, it doesn't have to be like creeping up, you know, five count negatives. I just, for me, I have to have that slow slow count for most exercises just to keep that mind muscle intact or it just ends up the, I lose the point of the exercise. So if I don't do the pullovers and that slow manner, you know, I've been doing them for a long time, like it, the tension I can feel it mentally, it's not on the lat anymore. And it just then it shifts to my elbows and now I'm just getting tendonitis from driving downward instead of pulling with the lat. So it's all, it's individual. It's all about your experience with it. So you actually use like a tempo, you'll do like a, but would you say a five count? Yeah, everything's different. So for most of it's a four count. Okay. That's a lot of what DC is, at least the way dusty programs it now, for anybody that gets DC training for them, it's a lot of four count stuff. Yeah. Which is just a four, it's a count. It's just a method to like, it cadence to go to. It's kind of just like a tempo, like if you were tapping your foot, it's not seconds, it's not like you don't have to live and die by it, like it's not life or death, if you don't, you know what I mean? It's just a tempo to kind of like, almost like a rhythm to stick to. Yeah. So how does that go? Like, actually do it for me? Like, tell me, is it like one, two, three, four? Yeah. At the top of the rep, before a pull over, that's, that's, so you're going to go down, do your rep. On the way, once you start from the point of your contraction on the way up, it's four, three, two, one. By the time you get to one, you're going back down. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So that, it just meant to make you control that negative, that's all it is. It's not like I have to hold this for four seconds. Like four seconds on a clock is a, it's a long time. It's a long time. Yeah. Yeah. None of us would be doing the way to we're doing if we're actually doing seconds. I've been using three seconds for a lot of stuff. And that's, that's pushing it. I think. Because sometimes you'll think like three seconds. It's when you get to three, but three seconds is when you get to the end of three. So, you know, it's like, when you say three, that's the beginning of the third second. So it's more like one, one thousand, two, one thousand, three, one thousand, and you know, so it's like, it is. It's a long time, but I feel like lately I've been loosening up on that a little bit, but I think it took me doing that for a long time to be able to get it if that makes sense. No, I get it, just remember saying, well, I had to, I almost had to overcome and say with my negatives, just to learn the tension on the muscle and to get that nine muscle established. Yeah, I can, you know, I have a little bit more leeway, but yeah. Yeah. So, so you, you, you, you've got your, you've got that first set you've done now with the pullover. Is that it? Or do you guys do anymore? So that first we'll either do a back down set and just pull a couple of plates, and that'll be a higher rep range. So if that first set was eight to 12, that second set will be 12 to 15 with a lower weight. Some days, this is where it's like, I guess, not saying we go by a field, but some days we'll just do a double drop, a double drop okay. And then because we don't turn with a lot of volume. So almost everything we does has an intense of fire added. So it'll be there be a double drop set or we'll rest pause that top weight set, which will do a traditional DC rest pause where it's our goal is to get 15 to 20 reps total for the whole three rounds. Okay. And then take 30 to 35 seconds in between rounds. Okay. But I would say for the most part what we're doing is that the way I describe first the top set back off set for that, the open exercises of pullovers. I feel like those back offsets can be even more brutal sometimes because you've got it in you to eat out another one, eat out another one, you know. Yeah, well, I find myself too. It's like it because you've done something heavier to start that weight feel super late. So I think at that point, you can even get more statistic with your negatives. Yeah, it's hurt even more because you that weights not heavy enough. It's like I'll get to like eight reps in sometimes. I'm like, I'm going to overshoot this rep range by 20 if I don't slow this down even more. Yeah. Yeah. And then I can almost make myself tap out when it gets to that point at the end of the rep range. I think that that's something that takes time to learn to, you know, it that's something that we say at all the time too in the shows about learning to make a weight harder. And that's that's exactly it right there. We when I trained with Shelby, we were following some programming that Jordan Peters had written. And that was the first time where my first set was the heaviest set. It was a learning experience because we would hit that first set and shoot for 10. And if you could get 10, then you'd use the same weight. If you couldn't get 10, then you'd back off by 10% on that second. And exact same thing, you know, using a pull down as an example because that's where we would start a lot of times. You take 10% off of your heaviest weight. And yeah, first that first two, three reps, you're like, oh yeah, this is easier. And you can really control up a man that gets freaking brutal quick. Yeah, it catches up. One thing I want to talk about with Scott Stephenson. I'm going to ask him on the next muscle minds is about conditioning the central nervous system. Because I feel like the sets we're talking about I couldn't have done that at a certain point. Like, you know, we're always redefining intensity is and what a real hard set is. But I feel like, and I'm sure it's the same for you that my ability to do something that's absolutely just unbelievably painful has increased. You know, it's like I'm able to handle a lot more pain. The tolerance is higher now than it was a year ago. Yeah, I agree with that. I think the same thing I think a lot because it is mental. I keep talking about mental, but it's like, you have to be so mentally and tune with the exercise you're doing. I think the common reaction that when you feel pain somewhere, not like I'm not talking negative pain, but like the pain from training is to stop or to run away from it. But I think of that scene in Fight Club where he has the chemical burn on his hand. And he tells him, like, this is, this is your pain. Don't run away from it. Like, I think of that. And I try to put myself in whatever muscle I'm working. I try to put myself inside of that muscle and like feel what I'm feeling. It's kind of, it's weird or explain, but I just, I don't, I can't run away from whatever I'm feeling. Like you have to almost like get, it's, I mean, uncomfortably comfortable basically. Because the work in said, don't want to last a minute. Yeah. All you have to do is with stand a minute of, of, of, uncomfortably to grow. Yeah. It's a fair trade off in my mind, but I agree with you. I think over time, especially the more and two and you get with your body, you find you set new standards for yourself of what pain really is. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, you've pushed that far. I mean, I've seen, since you've moved out there, the weight you're moving, his really increased. Like, you, I saw you doing a, a hacksquat, the other day, just like loaded up. I mean, you've, you've progressed a lot in your strength. Would you ever imagined that you, you know, because I feel like I, I've seen myself get stronger. There was a time that I wouldn't have thought of myself as somebody that would be as strong as I am today. Would you have thought that you would be doing what you're doing now? No. How about, how about three years ago? How about three years ago when we were at the Western? No. I mean, that's what's funny is like, then I remember hacksquatting in that prep that I was doing three plates aside to get ready for that show. And like, that was, if I could hold on to strength, holding on to strength, and that doing three plates aside for me, at that time, I could really, I just, but I don't think I, you know, I had never just taken the time to, to figure out the things we're talking about, you know, negatives and mind muscle and just really getting down to the nitty-gritty of it. I had some injuries that I was working around that I still work around, just based off my body. There's, I, because I've seen it, I saw guys on Instagram, that Dan and I see them now on them like I just maybe I'll never get to that level of strength, but yet the other day I had eight plates aside on the hacksquatting for me, that's, that's crazy. That's, that's, that's strong for me. So, um, I never would have thought I'd have that on my back. Yeah. But, these small jumps, and then it didn't happen overnight. It's been just consistency, consistency, consistency. I guess I kind of wanted to bring that up too, because you know, the people watching maybe in the position that you or I was in three years ago, you know, enlist into like, oh, this guy trains with dusty, you know, he's strong. He's lifted, you know, eight plates on the hack. It's like, but that's not who I am. I guess the thing is is that, but you could be, I think that a lot of us could be a lot stronger than we give ourselves credit for, is what it comes down to. I think everybody has the ability to be strong, it just might not be, you know, dusty, manchel strong. Right. Yeah. I mean, it's, he's kind of in his own world. Yeah. But there's no reason each individual can't find what their max output is for a given anything of life. Yeah. And I think that's important to remember, he's like, use, use what you see, dusty during his inspiration, but don't buy no means, you know, use it as a measure to compare yourself too, because you would be very depressed seeing it every day. Yeah. You would be very depressed. I'm sure seeing it every day. And you're like, oh, I'm not that. Yeah. At the end of the day, I mean, we're doing this, I at least for myself, I'm equating, making progress in muscle growth to getting stronger, you know, it's like getting stronger is great. But the reason I'm doing it is because the ultimate goal for me is to gain more size. Right. I mean, it's stronger. And my, I've said before, it's stronger muscles, a bigger muscle. Yeah. So if you can add little bits of strength month, a month, a year to year, it does add up. It's just about not getting discouraged in the moment of something. You're like, you know, you're about to, you're about to, you've got to, you've got to do that workout. Like, that's one. You have a 50 more in the year to do, you know what I mean? It would that, with that body part. Just don't do anything stupid. Yeah. Yeah. Because I feel like that's, it is easy to do that. Yeah. There's so many other things we could talk about, but I'll stay on track here with the workout. So you have your top set, possibly a back-off set with your pullover. Where do you guys go to next? thickness movement. So it would be for us just because we didn't have a lot of toys up until recently our gym got like five new pieces. It's been barbell work. Which actually showed me a lot about how little you really need to develop a body part, especially for back. Because I've been fortunate in my whole career really to have gyms that had pretty good hammer strength pieces, I've just backed toys in general. And then, you know, locked down out here, happened to gym that we were at the hat all those toys was closed. We only had access to the gym we train at now and we were fortunate even I've access to a place. But all we had was a barbell cables and one hammer strength machine that really, it's one of the high rows and it's not in my favorite piece. Yeah. So for the better part of four months, every back work got involved either a penlay row or just a dead stop row or a traditional gun over, you know, a gun over barbell row. One of the three every week. Okay. Did you see the episode we did with our chancloreta and he was saying like he was locked down with not very much just real big, you know, basic exercises and look what he did with it. Yeah, I think if that's the thing is like, I love these some of these hammer strength pieces and like arsenal, Atlantis, all the brands. I love some of those back pieces. I think you can really learn my muscle connection well on those pieces. But I think if you 100% rely on those and get away from barbells and dumbbells, you're doing yourself into service because back is all gravity. Yeah. And I think there's there's something to be said about a back that's held, you know, 315, 415 in your hands and rode it or deadlift it at one of the two. You know what I mean? I think that there's a look that you have that you don't have if you don't do those things. Yeah. Yeah. No question. So you guys are at this movement now, probably like a barbell row type movement. How does that warm up look? That warm up would be the second one I described. There would be as the weight pyramids, the reps decrease. So, you know, 135 or 8 reps, 225 for 6. I'll probably touch 275 for 4, 315 for 3 and then 365 would be my work in set. Okay. And then I working sets anywhere from 6 to 10. Okay. And then that one will do a back down set of, you know, 10 to 15. How does that be? How does that be? No, I'm glad. No, where are you going to ask? No, no, no, I'll get back to it. I won't forget. Okay. So yeah, the back down sets 10 to 15 and for me, if the top sets 365 and the back down set would probably be 315. Okay. So decent amount backed off, but that's still brutal, man. Yeah. I always tell people the back of set. There's no rules. I mean, you just have to, I tell them to pick a weight that fits that rep. You're still training the failure, but you're training to failure in the rep range. That's what changes is the rep range. You're still training the failure. Yeah. It just, you have to fail at that. You don't, I don't want to fail at 8. If my minimum is 10, you know what I mean? How long would it take you guys to get to that first working set? Now, you're obviously kind of warmed up because you're over on the pullover, so you're not 100% new now coming into this exercise. Probably, like I said, only 4 or 5 warm-ups. Okay. And time-wise is that what 15 minutes are? Yeah, it's a 15. I mean, we're not real sticklers on the clock. Yeah. It's not uncommon for dustier walk and go to the bathroom and then go put chalk on and then I would, I've never timed this rest interval in my life. You know what I mean? I, yeah. We go when we're ready and he's big on that. He won't rush me if he's ready to go. He still won't rush me. Nice, vice versa. Because we have so little volume, you know what I mean? We only do three or four exercises a day. So, yeah. What are we going to do? Backs of eight working sets? Yeah. I guess that's an important thing is to, that's what I wanted to kind of get a picture of how long that took. I guess to hear that that you don't ever rush it is what you're telling me. Yeah. Yeah, the warm-ups I would say, you know, it takes us about 20 minutes. Okay. 20 to 25. Yeah. To get to just because we're bouncing back and forth. But yeah, 20 to 25, to get to that set and then two sets there and then onto the next. What's he growing right now? Any rare from 4.55 to 4.95? Do you see that video that Palinbo did of him? Yeah. He was on the muscle in the morning. That was cool to see. Yeah. I like when Dave does that. Yeah. Yeah, that was, that was cool. What do you say he had like a, a doctorate or something like that? Master's degree in master's and moving weight? Yes. Yeah. What she does, ladies, did doing that for a long time now? Yeah. I mean, I, I mean, like I said, we, for back day, we literally did no more than five movements for five months straight before we got these toys. Hmm. So I, I made do a barbell row. I'm still trying to get good at them. I feel like that's one of the exercises that it feels kind of iffy with my low back still. So if I do a barbell row, I can't handle as much volume. Erskies, I can't handle as much weight. So I ended up having to do more volume. So for me, it's not a, it's not a perfect example of an exercise I use. I'm really into the dumbbell rows and I have enough weight in my basement that even training at home, I can really challenge myself. Um, the thing I've been experimenting with is how far bent over I am. You know, I've heard a lot of times and I've experimented with if you're standing like a little bit more upright, some people are saying you can hit more low that. If you're bent over completely, you know, you can't, you can't cheat at it all. You're not hitting any trap that way. I'm kind of leaning toward more of a completely bent over position at this point. Where are you guys at as far as how lean, how far lean forward you are with your barbell row? Are you talking about a traditional barbell row or one off the ground? I guess, in general, do you guys gravitate to one angle more than another? Um, I would say for a traditional one, I'm not like 90 degrees from the hip. You know what I mean? I'm probably more like, I'm a little more upright, but I do try to keep my torso over the bar at least. Okay. Even if there is a little English with the pole from the bottom, yeah, I'm okay with that. You know, like I said, it can't be a 100% strict, but if I'm like jerk, if the first point of my movement is me jerking and then rolling, it's much weight. Yeah. And I see that a lot that in, I think that's, I still struggle with a traditional barbell row. I'm actually stronger from the ground than I am with the barbell row. Really, just because of my, it's just easier for me. I can, um, I think I can engage my muscle better and I can slow it down with the weight hanging like a traditional barbell row. I can lose tension on where I want it for some reason. It's just, I'm not, I don't know if I'm just built better from the ground with my leverages, but I've always pulled better from the ground. But, um, yeah, I think I don't think you have to be 90 degrees, but I think if you're, you know, you're 75 degrees, you're too high. Yeah. At that point, you're kind of, you're just moving weight. You're not contracting. I feel like to me, this is the hardest part of the workout that we're talking about right now. Either you on the barbell row me on the dumbbell row. This is the part that I find to be the most taxing in the part that I have to really give the most. Like obviously you're given everything you have on that pullover or on my pull down, but I feel like here's this is going to be, you know, the meat and potatoes of it. I agree. I think you're getting a lot of CNS too because on the pullover, the pull down, you're seated. It's fixed. Everything's fixed. On this, you have to, because the stabilizer muscles are working too. The glutes are firing because your stabilizer, the hips are pushed back. The hamstrings are being integrated. I mean, the core is tight. This is, it taxes the whole body really. Mm. Yeah, this is, too. One requires a lot of mental fortitude that this exercise of the workout. Yeah, yeah, it does. And I feel like this is the point where I need to be able to, to give my all. It's, it's a weird spot, no matter where I was coming into the workout. At this point, I feel like this is where you're 100% focused. You know, it's, this is, I guess this is the point of the workout. I love the most. It's, uh, it's intense. I can't even put it into words, but. No, I agree. This is why you showed up today. It's for the exercise alone. Yeah. I think I guess I feel that, um, do you feel that having done that first exercise makes you stronger for this exercise? Mm. I don't feel like it takes away from it. Okay, that's what I was going to get at is like, I feel like I'm not as strong if we were to open with this movement versus opening. I just, I need that one movement that's not going to tax me mentally, but gets my body moving fully. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, for some reason, I can't go to where I need to go mentally for a movement like this or a hacksquad or anything that requires, you know, all in mental output. Yeah, I can't open with it for some reason. I do better if it's second or third. I think you're right. I think you're right because I have opened with my dumbbell row and it took me a lot longer to get where I needed to be. I need it just, it took a lot longer to warm up. So, and I mean, I could have probably have done a pull down or a pull over first and still made the same amount of time. So, yeah, and that's interesting. That's something I never thought about before. But yeah, I totally agree with you, actually. Yeah, that's just something I know of myself. I don't know more people saw it too, but definitely I lose strength if I open with those big movements. Yeah. So, I mean, let's, I wonder if there's anything we can explain to people that might help them in this because I feel like the pull down, I'm pretty good at explaining what I'm doing. You know, like I said, it's kind of it's almost like a pull over at the bottom. I'm getting a really good contraction in the lat. It's like the, the, the, the barbell row or the dumbbell row, it gets a little bit less black and white because there's so much moving. You know, it's like your whole back is being activated. Everything you need to stabilize is being activated. Your breathing is important in all of this. You're trying to control your body and keep it in the position you want it. How do you focus on getting the contraction that you want? Yeah, it's a tough one to put in the words. Yeah, it's hard to explain. Yes, the the biggest part is to and you can try to elaborate on this if I do a bad job on it, but it's to always be pulling with the back first. I think if you're initiating, so for for me, at least with rows, the biggest thing is to bend the bar. So just that little subtle bend it the bar activates your lap. If anybody does that grab a bar, slight twist and you're, your lat engages. I like that. I've never used that before. I have to do that or else the initial, without bending the bar, I feel like I'm pulling with my biceps from the bottom rather than my back. So that's that's something I do bend the bar and then you can all, I notice this from the ground when I watch my videos back is you can almost see me like almost tuck my elbows and then pull versus staying 90 degrees. Yeah, because I think with a 90 degree arm trajectory, you're going to get rear del ramboyed upper trap. Sure. You're going to you're going to get those things with um to an degree if you have the elbows tucked, but if the goal is lats and you know mid back, I think you got to have those lats activated by getting tension on them before you even start around. Yeah, yeah, I agree with that um something that Shelby had to do that I still do today is I I pull though. I'm basically dragging the bar across my thighs as I bring it up. I try to keep my elbows in and I basically try to like pull toward the groin, you know, I try to focus on like below the navel, you know. Okay, I'm the same when I pull really low. Um and I think at least for me, it doesn't always touch my stomach. I've heard ad people ask me if I have to like touch your st- pull all the way your stomach like I don't think you have to go that high. If you're at max contraction where you're you know what it stops then you don't have to go further you know what I mean I don't know if that makes sense, but yeah yeah I think it does. Now that I'm fatter it's easier to touch my stomach I can tell you that much but yeah yeah I do I try to bring it all the way up but I'm you know like I said it's an exercise for me that I'm not moving as much weight as you are I don't feel as confident with the barbell row so that's why for me it's like I said like I'll be doing three sets and I'll probably use the same amount of weight possibly even back off on the third one it's an exercise it's more like a practice movement for me you know though I do what about now I know you guys don't do a lot of dumbbell but if you were to use a dumbbell do you bring the dumbbell all the way up? Yeah I would it's hard to I can't picture where I pull it to but for me I just know where where my max contraction is for that body part before I start twisting or jerking I guess that's what I'm trying to get at is like your range of motions only going to be as much as your mobility allows yeah so with a dumbbell I only pull as high as I can go without twisting yes pulling from the you know what I mean yeah if the goal is flat so I guess that's I just kind of gauge it out that like where's the endpoint for the muscle that I've working versus how does it look it might actually look like a partial rabbit to to to an outsider but it's the it's a full range of motion for that muscle in that exercise I feel like the same is true with the stretch that the lat is only going to stretch so far and I see a lot of people that will give it like their whole body starts twisting down and I think that that's unnecessary too. Yeah and that's gonna I mean it's unnecessary and I think if you're having shoulder issues you have to look at something like that because that's that's pulling on the cap of the shoulder. Sure letting you know letting that wait basically pull your shoulder out and then and then pulling it back so you're basically creating a lot of trauma to the shoulder by doing that. Yeah All right anything else we should cover on this exercise? No I mean it's a pretty neat potato there's obviously some little minor cues but this is the one where like I think you have to push the boundaries of strength too. Yeah I mean because like we said this one requires the most mental for us so I think anything that requires that most mental strength is gonna give you the most bang for your bucket as far as a big thick dense back. Yeah yeah this is like you said this is the reason that you're here and I think I said it's important to the reason I want to try to explain that too to people is because I feel like especially for new people they don't necessarily recognize that this is where you need to really this is where you really need to unload I feel like by the time I'm done with the exercise there's like a weight lifted off my shoulders the rest of the workout it's a little bit easier after this to me. Yeah I do that this is this is the one I think about from the I'm in the previous session to this session is usually this exercise. Yeah and are you guys keeping a log on everything are you going in saying okay I got 365 for 10 I need to get it for 11 today or something like that. Yeah I don't get is I don't live in diet by the log book as much as I used to okay I have a mental log of where my stuff is and if I post I know I post most of my big lifts like I can fall back on that too. Yeah yeah there's just different variables I mean if I think you get so in tune with your body that you know if I didn't sleep I'm not I'm not going to go in and try to set a record I'm just going to try you know maybe doing what I did last week is a PR because I'm at the point in my career we talked about this earlier and the show is I'm not going to do anything dumb that might put me on the shelf for months. Yeah just just to beat my numbers that day and that's what I tell people I'm like I I'm not your body I can't tell you how you can't I can't tell how you're feeling but you know only you know how you're truly feeling now obviously it's up to you to govern whether you're being you know whether you're being a bitch or not if I need to go in if I'm just trying to get out of something because I'm a little tired or I don't feel good like I have a pretty good ability to call myself out but there are there's days where I know like there's no way I'm doing a barbell road today I slept for an hour yeah yeah so I think you is over time you learn how to be objective with yourself when it comes to that but I don't I do use a lot I mean I'm progressive overload is how I train if I can add reps or strength or the biggest one I think people lose sight of is the ability to critique their form a form was a good don't go up wait I don't I'd rap just try to have better form yeah yeah that's that's a big one for me and I started shooting video initially I was like hey I'm gonna post this set and then after I started doing that I started getting a better idea I could look at I could look at the video and see like oh you know I didn't necessarily hold that first long as I wanted to or my negative didn't look as good as I as I felt like it did and we've talked about this on some of the other programs but I feel like having that video has been a critical tool I shoot almost especially being at the home gym here I can just set up a tripod I just I shoot all the main heavy lifts that I do now and then I can review them back sometimes even if it's like if it's my first if I'm doing like two sets I'll even just hit play after that set and watch it before I do the next one see if there's anything that I can improve and we're talking today about the things that you can do to get more out of the exercises you're doing for me that's been a number one thing for me this year I think has been being able to look at it in critique right on the spot like that yeah that's a huge point I'm glad you said that because I will be dusting I will both do the same things because I think especially with a row in like in your head it feels like it's barely moving and your form with shit and then you watch a video back you're like oh that actually wasn't too bad anything I probably could have done one more but I thought mentally you think your form was so bad that you had to rack it yeah and then that video becomes a teaching tool so I'm glad you said that I have all my clients anybody that works with me or if I obviously do in person training but if you don't train with me in person I push them to send me videos my WhatsApp is filled with training videos this is my dragouts and I give them you know I'll send voice and I'm a back at critique I'm formed on cadence at the negatives we're off on intensity if I think they had more reps I'll tell them you had more reps because anybody we can any one of us can write someone training program and give it to them but how they execute the program would give them to them and that's what gets the result not the program itself yeah yeah I think that's a big thing people need to take home is that the split the exercise routine matters to a degree but the biggest thing that matters is how you're executing yeah the movements that you're you're being given are that are on paper I totally agree in fact like at this point with a new client I don't even you know like if their split looks decent and that's what their comfortable doing I don't even want to change it instead I'll just do what you're talking about you know like let's look at your exercises and see what we can do to improve within that and that way too they don't have to kind of reinvent the whole thing and you know it's like if you're already getting out of new diet and now I'm asking you to train differently it's at least you have like some things that are going to be consistent in your life you know that if you like being one of those guys where Mondays Chess Day then you can still have that but yeah I think that's one thing where I think all of us most all of us can get more out of our training as by improving or form like that's been if I had to if I had to boil it all down I would say that that is one of the top three most critical changes that I've made this year yeah being hard on yourself when it comes before I think every one of us has more that we can be doing or play areas we can improve exercise that we can get better at that can you know every you make our physique's better and make our performance better yeah I think everyone wants to talk about you know drugs or diet or this or that and it's like get down to the access and those of your training take video all your sets and I think it's hard I get it like I remember when I started filming my training in a gym and I had a fucking tripod and I thought people were looking at me and I get it it's it's hard that you think through that guy but now it's so common to do that you're not that guy there's other people that are doing it too yeah and if you you know you're not a douche for wanting to like you know all other sports watch games film back they're rich film of to prepare that's kind of what we're doing we're watching our previous sets to prepare for our next sets and our next sessions yeah so I think getting over the hurdle of filming yourself and seeing yourself is a huge step and uh all most I can honestly say that all the clients I have that get over the hump and film other stuff they all make progress a lot faster than they would without it because I'm able to like get inside their training I'm able to say like yeah we don't really need to do anything with your diet we just need to work 10 times harder within your session and we're going to get results yeah and even if they're not working with you or working with someone working with me they're just seeing it for yourself like you said you know you can see you can you can look at it instantly and you can see where you can improve but it's a matter because I hate I see that all the time people will be like hey here's my set but if you look after the third rep I start doing this that's like oh you figured that out because you watched the video yourself you know yeah your portion and the be cognizant of the of the move of the exercise so yeah that's a huge tool that's probably the of everything we're going to talk about that's probably the biggest thing yeah training especially back because that's not something you can see in the mirror yeah yeah when you train um so that's huge yeah so back to our workout then I'm probably going to be I'm going to guess on a dumbbell row you guys are going to do a barbell row where do you head from this one well with our new toys we probably jump to a hammer strength before we might have just finished with a pull over another pull over variation or pull down and cut the ball to the day okay I mean we go low ball these were back so um that this exercise takes a lot out of us I mean there's days where I'm like I could leave the gym now I am spent yeah yeah um everything else is kind of just like frosting on the cake so there's a pull down machine it's that the hammer strength I sew front pull down you familiar with that one I have to find it I'll get it I'll find it I'll drop pull down it's a supernated grip oh yeah yeah pulling in the you yes I really love that one for lower lads and because you're in a fixed position okay I can arch my arch my back get that supernated grip and drive my elbow down and back and I tell myself and I tell clients to think of putting your elbow in your back pocket yeah yeah well contracting that lat and you can feel that lat kind of spiral around right to where the touch is along your spine yeah and just the full contraction and um so we'll hammer that one out for usually top set back up set same method and then um yeah so that that's a movement we've been going to a lot lately is that uh ruped up I imagine at this point of the workout too you don't need in the fact of where you're at exercise like you probably don't need that much of a work of a warm up for these now it's one or two probably just one depending on what the load is okay okay um I would say yeah just one and because yeah you're already warmed up everything I mean you're taxed so that's a good thing to point out is that warm upsets for that first exercise are probably going to be four or five six as you're progressing into your workout the warm upsets you'll need be crease and that's a good thing to tell people is that if you if you don't need it don't do it yeah you know what I mean I think they think they have to do x amount of sets for every exercise it's all that's is where it's like experience comes in and you go by feel right yeah that's a big factor and that would get easier in a way too if you're using a machine you know you're already pretty fatigued you know you guys have basically killed yourself on your barbell row you don't have to stabilize this as much and this is where I like a machine you know we talk a lot of times about you know the pros and cons of machines I feel like this is the pro where you're already fatigued in the workout and now you can continue to train hard you can continue to pull a lot of weight and you don't have to worry about stabilizing it as much like trying to do another barbell row you're not going to be able to hit what you already did you know no and your your body is not going to work with you at that point either yeah exactly you're you're taxed and like I said that barbell row or that dumbbell row that heavy weight is a it's a full body stimulus yeah yeah yeah yeah I like this I like where you guys are at and I'm pretty much in the the same place you know I would I would probably since I started with my pull down and then I went to my heavy row I may do a secondary row like lately I've been doing I don't know what you call it but it like a chess supported dumbbell row where I'm and I'm pulling more to the upper back now so the elbows are out a little bit more I can kind of get in all focus on the contraction it's not nearly as heavy and I can get a good squeeze on each one of those reps you know and that's because I don't have a machine if I had a machine I'd go to a machine for that or I'd go to a pullover like a cable pullover something like that dumbbell pullover I like that dumbbell that variation you're talking about with the bench I think that because I have trouble with the upper back just I have to really thick lumbars so that that completely takes the lower back out of it for me and I can just focus on stretching that upper back and then you know the contraction getting that nice squeeze and you really you can only use as much weight as you can roll because you can't cheat on that one you're in a fixed you know what I mean on that bench so there's no way to really cheat the way to right so I like that variation I remember you were you and I were talking a while ago I think I had shown you one of my backpragrist pictures and you had said you were like hey I think you could use more upper back development you said that that was an area that you were trying to develop that's what you pulled me at the time it may have been a year or so ago where where you at with that now I think it's the value I mean it's definitely moving in the right direction honestly I it's hard I need to see myself lean I need to die it out to really see yeah because at this point it's like I have a big back big for me but I need to see everything peeled down to see what's lacking what's not yeah that's just my own perception of myself I've seen a 12 hundred obbsies and pictures I haven't died over the three years so it's just at the point where I need to see I need to see myself and I need to see myself and I'll line up to see where I stand I think that's a key for me is because you know I look at pictures from 2017 it's like I don't even know that person anymore that was you know I mean I was a light heavyweight now I'm anywhere from 245 to 250 and I there's no way I'll make light heavy so no it's hard to have it's hard to like be objective when I just haven't seen myself die it down yeah I still think it's weaker than other parts of my back just based off of my my strong parts of how I pull and we do a ton of our DLs and stuff too so I do have a good deal of good degree of back thickness I can always use more but that upper area is something I've tried and I think you and I've talked about shrugs before the standing in front of the bar versus standing with the bar behind you yeah shrugging so that actually helps me activate my mid traps too I'll do that from time to time that's right I remember you say in that I'm not I'm a I like dumbbells better than that okay I just I like the dumbbells that they're in you know they're kind of in alignment with my body versus in front of me it's it's a little bit more awkward they're okay but I like that also you know what else they you remember at Royal Oak Gym they had that like I don't even know what you'd call it but it was like a like a almost like a a strong man unit it was like a shrug you could use it for shrugs it was basically like a three-sided box with handles on it and yeah yeah it was like I don't know what it's called either but I know you're talking about almost like a farmer's carry type thing but I like we used to that out there those things are nice and then that way too my arms would be at my side versus being in front of me I never I never really experimented with the behind the back too much for me I was impressed on a Smith machine just because the most the path is fixed and you're not doing about balancing the barbell but yeah I'm able to really get good scapular retraction at the bars behind me versus in front of me okay but we don't I don't do it ton of shrugs if I do them like that's it might be something I do for potential we're at the beginning just to get that area moving the other so we're going from a row to a third movement which is kind of like can be a variable they stop what we're trying to target and then from there that might be a day for me yeah the way we do things or there might maybe a fourth exercise just for some blood volume like we're feeling at that day yeah that's where I would finish is sometimes it'll just be those first two exercises and then that's it I do train biceps on my back day so I do you know a whole day so I will do in arm exercise but I don't do a lot for arms I'm I'm actually considering adding more volume in for arms but that's that's another conversation I mean we're focused and mainly on back here but yeah regardless it's a it's a secondary thought you know what I mean it's not like it's not like okay now we start arms and the whole process begins again it's like if you know several sets and that's it right now arm training is not my favorite but um we actually we are we recently just added an arm day again just to give it its own focus because after back I mean it's hard to get into biceps but that's kind of what I was thinking about too was maybe just an arm specific day and it's almost kind of to me that's almost like an active rest day you know it's like you know you're not going to be taxing your central nervous system too much with that right it's just kind of a ego day pump everything up feel good about it and then you're not tax for your next day yeah yeah so I guess I hope this um I hope this paints a picture for people that may help them in some way or another I imagine that some of our listeners to to them this is exactly what they do to some of them it might be different but I feel like having walked through this case study with you I'm hoping that some people it learned something if you could pick if people could pick up one thing out of this that would be pretty cool you know yeah absolutely I mean I think the hardest thing to do is reach people with what we're talking about I mean because it's hard to write a post about this and go into depth because you can't convey emotion you can't we can't do our little images we're doing with the screen right but uh it's like a virtual seminar kind and um this is just our own experiences I think other people probably have their own insights they can add to or maybe they can collaborate with what we're providing so as long as we can help people in some way possible I think I think we did our job yeah and I feel like I've learned some stuff here too because listening to you gets me thinking about things in a slightly different way and explaining things to you kind of gets me to solidify some of my own thoughts you know yeah I agree and I think I was just thinking one thing people can take from this if you're not filming your sets absolutely that's one thing you can start doing with your training that I guarantee we'll make you a better bodybuilder yeah yeah absolutely you're not the post any of them if you don't want to but just for your records yeah so if people wanted to reach out to you what's what's the best way to get hold of you uh Instagram so key styles too all right all of that down the notes cool and uh what do you uh what do you guys train in next you had today was off you said right today was off yesterday was clogged okay tomorrow will be probably adults okay you guys do adults on their own yeah yeah we've been our split's been hasn't been cemented in for a while but uh everything we'll try to do push days together and then gusty and I both have like shoulder issues so separating chest and belt actually mitigates that okay so chest you know lately it's been three exercises done um delts maybe four and then we're not pressing on belt there's any more oh no kidding part every now and then we'll throw it in but for the most part it's just a lot of side ladders and rear ladders and front raises okay a lot more blood volume it's a lot different than the training I just described for back yeah it's gonna be some more sad it's not as it's still heavy weight but the rep ranges are higher just to kind of a different approach just based off of you know I think the back and leg or something you can really really push loads on yeah and then your process but I think raises arm movements for the most part you don't need to focus as much on the load versus like the contraction and the stretch and all that I agree I've purchased your focus I agree and I feel like you're already doing all those heavy loads in the primary chest and back movements so you know if I were to go back and change anything I would probably have done less shoulder processing because that was probably my strong it not probably it was my strong sex exercise for a while and I got to the point where I could kick up the 130s for sets and it was an ego thing you know I mean it's like I didn't there was no reason that I needed to do that I still shoulder press but I'm I'm definitely I'm more of the approach of trying to make it harder through taking shorter rest breaks on my shoulder day or on my shoulder work and going for higher reps than I used to yeah I agree with that I I'm kind of at a I don't want to call it a permanent plateau shoulder pressing but I'm just I need to get more work done on my shoulder to feel confident enough to progress in the way again because I mean another form of progressive overload is being able to come to the gym session after session after session and give the same amount of effort yeah you know if we put ourselves we go all out and do a heroic rep on shoulder day and then oh now I can't my pole days affected yeah my leg days affected because I can't I'm waiting on my back like and it's in your head you're living with something and you're thinking about that and you're training so that's a form of progressive overload itself is just stringing together workouts you know if there's an issue you get it fixed don't don't try to fit a square peg in a round hole if it's not there on a given day yeah or it exercises doesn't work with you don't force it yeah absolutely have something people can take home it's like I did that when I was younger I with I'm a hacksquad especially I remember just saying they're thinking I'm just gonna go down and I'm gonna bungee cord it all the way back so I can be the logbook and you know it caused me I was I didn't train legs for a couple months at one point just because of that no kidding I didn't realize you had take time off legs yeah no I've been in and out of I've seen probably five or six PT's over the last three years okay um but the one I have here does to be referred me when I moved here and instantly I started seeing him weekly and then now I just see him for maintenance once a month there twice a month right on a lot of dry meddling work what a patch of work just stuff to keep me moving yeah well if if our viewers and listeners enjoy this and they had anything else any topics that you wanted to tell me and I had to get together and tackle I'm sure tell me it'd be up for it I love talking about this stuff so I feel like it would be fun to dive into some other topics if if anybody was interested man it sounded like a good idea yeah absolutely I think we can do we can probably hit everybody for all right all right guys well listen thanks for hanging with us and like I said I hope you pick something up out of it for another episode here at Think Big Body Building Media and Advice's Radio I'm here with Tommy Styles I'm Scott McNeil you guys we'll see you soon thanks a lot Tommy appreciate your time man thanks for all of me all