If you haven't been to failure at 20 reps, six and eight reps sets of heavy squats, yet it's hard. But I'm telling you, I'll take that all day to failure versus 18 to 20 reps. That is fucking death. That is horrible. And you feel like you're going to pass out. What's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNally. I'm here with coaches Skip Hill in the middle. We've got Andrew Barry back with us. Today we got a bunch of listener questions. We're going to do like a Sunday Easter Sunday training extravaganza. We have a topic of favorite squat technique and why we're going to dig deep. We're going to talk a lot about squats plus we have a bunch of listener questions. A lot of this stuff is going to be training focused. I do want to say thank you to our great sponsor, true nutrition.com. Check out their awesome supplements. I use a lot of their stuff. If you have any questions about them, ask me. Our code is advices, AD, VI, CES. We might be getting a new code. I don't know. We'll have to talk to Dante about that. And it's all I got to say until we actually get around at the topic. Oh, in one more note, we've got timestamps. If you guys want to skip around feel free, these guys have both been in the bodybuilding world for a long time as have I. So I'm excited to get into this topic before I do. Happy Easter gentlemen. Andrew, welcome back to the show. I'm good to have you. Well, thanks for having me back on guys. It's a great to chat with you always. Skip. I know you have you've got fancy dinner plants tonight. So we got to knock this thing out. So you can put on your your suit or whatever you put on for the fancy restaurants. It's Ruth's Chris. I asked my wife if I could even go in shorts. Yeah, you probably. These days dress code isn't what it used to be. Especially in South Florida. But anyway, I am looking forward to dinner because we don't usually go to dinner. So or go to a nice sit down. Usually a burger joint or something like that or a bar because they have to have alcoholic beverages from my wife. Things like that. Oh yeah. All right. Well, let's get this thing rolling. You know, squat technique. You always hear that in order to have great physique, you have to have great legs and you you've always heard it said that in order to have great legs, you have to squat. Do you have to squat or not? That's a conversation we've had on another episode. But actually getting into the movement, you know, I'll figure out what your favorite squat technique is now. We're going to talk about what you grew up on. We're going to talk about possibly the benefits of different squat techniques and we're going to come full circle with this thing. So I guess skip. You're a leader. You've been doing this for a longest. I suppose you've been I know coaching now for over two decades. You've worked with guys not only in body building in the NPC and IFBB, but also sports that would require leg strength for other purposes like the NFL. So take it away, man. What are you personally into now for a squat technique? Personally, me, pendulum comes first and that is that I'd say a close second would be a good hack squat. But that's me. And my preference right now is to dig into more, you know, digging more to my quads and lesson to my glutes and hips and that sort of thing. And that's not to, you know, I'm not a huge fan of and this is going to be a really good topic by the way. I'm not a huge fan of the cliche idea of, you know, squats are king. You must squat to have big legs. Things like that. That is not to say that squatting is not great. It's not to say that squatting does not build big legs. But I think that it's sometimes an individual thing where some people respond very very well to back squats, barbell squats, whatever the hell you want to call. And I only say that. So that I say that to differentiate between regular squatting and smits squatting. I have not been able to free squat, unfortunately, for quite a while. It just, since my back problems, a chronic little back problems, I just, it's just always there. It's always an issue. So for me to squat in a Smith machine, I have to be fair and say they are Smith squats. They are not technically squatting. I'm squatting in the sense that I'm bending at my hips and my knees, but I consider squatting, you know, barbell or free squat. So I want more, more my focus, my own training to be more of my quads. I call it quad dominant type training. And when I can, I, you know, I stay away from that. If I need something with my glutes or if I want to dig in a little bit bounce out my quads with my hamstring work and glute work, then I'll do leg presses, things like that. I might even do lunges and start doing lunges too. I picked up on those after the hip injury, but we're not, we're the topic, it's not lunges. So I'm bringing myself back to the topic, but that's where I am. I do, I will say one more thing. I do think that if you overuse the free, the free squat, I do think that it leads eventually down the road, especially for those people who are genetically predisposed to getting huge. I don't want to say they find it easier, but it works hard to get huge. But for those who are genetically predisposed to getting huge, I think that if you squat long enough and heavy enough, that it's really hard to not have wider glutes and wider hips right along with bigger legs. And then you end up with quads that are, I call them, ad-Octur heavy. They just, you know, you take Sean race quads and you put them up against, gosh, that's a lot of getting somebody. Yeah, a lot of it, it's just so many that it's hard to tell. But you know, and I think that's part of the reason I think that there's been a shift, you know, over the years to, I don't want to say it's quads are even more important because they're more important than two, but there's just a different look. There's a different look and they, I think a lot of body goes to come out of your head. And you know, Andrew, I've been, I've been waiting for this. You know, two, I got to tell you, you know, by the way, you know, we always get questions too like, um, you know, how do I bring out my outer sweep? How do I make my legs look like that guy? So, you know, and some of that stuff is genetic. Obviously, you can work to grow bigger legs no matter who you are. But I have to say, I think one of the first things I noticed, Andrew, when I met you and I saw your pictures, is your legs. You have a really cool, it's not only do you have like awesome conditioning to them, which I think makes me, I love like really good condition, but you've got really cool shape to your legs, too. Yeah, it's very good shape. Yeah, they're one of my favorite features on you. So I'm really looking forward to hearing what you have to say. Well, first, I really appreciate that that's really nice. I wouldn't say I've done anything much different than both you guys in terms of over the years, but I think you have the nail in the head when it comes to like well developed legs, I was like, you got to get them peeled. You got to show that detail. You got to actually have the cuts to show this with, if you know what I mean, to differentiate the different heads of the tissues, so they actually do stand out. But, you know, getting back to what's kept us saying about, you know, squatting or not squatting, I think even looking at it, not just from a leg training sense, but from a hard work sense, there's a difference when you do a squat workout, then there is from doing, say, leg extensions, leg curls, a doctor ad dr machine, like, and I think there's a very different look to the leg. If you've done some level squatting over the course of your career, not to say you have to squat 20 years into it because we all know we're at that age where your back hurts, you can't get your arms up to the bar properly anymore. So I just think that, you know, in terms of like learning how to train intensely, you got to go through some hard squat sessions, there's some hard leg sessions including squats, you know, you got to get some hard sets of eight, and then you got to do those widow makers sets of 20 that they weren't your whole body, you know what I mean? Like, you gain that mental topness where the whole rest of the week is easy after that leg workout. Like how many times have you guys, let's say your leg days on a Sunday, you go to bed Saturday night, you're sitting there and you're like, okay, like you start getting focused a couple hours for you. You know, there's that anxious feeling and also that like, I call it like anxiety, mixed with like excitement because you're like, I know what it did last week and I've got to prove to myself that I could beat last week's numbers or intensity in some way or shape or form. And so you're just thinking about it. You fall asleep thinking about it, you wake up, you eat your first meal, you're preparing, you eat your pre-workout meal or whatever your schedule the whole day you're thinking about it. So I do think in terms of intensity mindset, if you're a squatter, you know what that's all about. Yeah, you bring up a good point too about the rep ranges. One thing I can look back on and I'm going to guess it was right around 0506 was I ended up changing things over to doing sets for legs to failure in the 18 to 20 rep range. And I'm telling you, if you know, everybody says, oh, yeah, 20 reps are hard. And I'm not saying nobody trains the failure and I'm the balls out of guy. What I'm saying is if you haven't been to failure at 20 reps, six and eight reps sets of heavy squats, yeah, it's hard. But I'm telling you, I'll take that shit all day to failure versus 18 to 20 reps. That is fucking death. That is horrible. You feel like you're going to pass out. It's all you can do to keep your base solid at your base. You know, I call the hips, your base or your foundation. It's a bit you're shaking. You want to psychologically shorten the reps. You want to be a little quicker and to force yourself and stay disciplined to keep that same rep tempo and that higher rep range. If anybody is struggling with their legs growing and they're doing heavy sets and they're going to failure and they can't figure it out. Just shock the shit out and then go to failure at 18 to 20 reps. As I'm telling you, your legs will fucking just go crazy. They'll be sourish shit. You'll probably have to cut your body in the half because it's so brutal. But I just want to throw that out of the far forgot about it because that rep range, that's killer. That is for brutal. So Andrew, to add to that to also, well, I was going to say to add to that, also, it would consider the fear factor. Like what other exercises do you have something that could really potentially hurt you? So you're getting them up to do that heavy set, whether it's 68 or whether it's at 20 reps, I don't care what weight it is. Because if you're a 400 to 500 pounds quad or you're going to be able to do 315 to 365 or more for 20 reps and that could really hurt you if you mess it up. So there's a year factor going on at the same time. You know, I just want to bring that up. Did Andrew tell us his favorite technique currently? Because I don't think I heard it. I did. Okay, I thought like I was going to feel like a bad, we're bad hosts. No, I'm so currently right now, I'm actually really really enjoying the belt squat. And I would say like right now I like the Hacksquad, I like the belt squat. And then I think I sent you a video of the, I call them the Dante squats, which is kind of a hatfield squat where you're pushing the bar up against the rack. I learned that in post-production. Yeah, I learned that from watching Dante teacher to dusty and Shaw. And I'd always done, you know, over the last couple of years, I'd been leaning more towards half-field squats or some type of the safety bar squat versus just a street, you know, bar belt back squat. Because I don't know about you guys, but like for me, the difference with the hardest part is getting my arms back to hold the bar properly. And it's different than when I was say 20, 25. Because my arms are just a little different, which makes me shift my hips a little different, which puts my back in a much more compromised position. And you know, you know, back injury, once you have one of them, it's just, it's a history of them going on, you know, in your future. So so I haven't put a bar on my back, even in a Smith machine since I want to say 2017, maybe 2018. It's been either, yeah, it's been that long, it's either been a Hacksquad, a belt squat, a safety bar squat, done hotfield style, or I bought the the spider bar from a lead FTS. I don't think I was gonna use that one yet. I haven't used a great bar. Yeah, you, you had shown it to me, man. And I was on the fence. I got the transformer bar, which I think that's a better move because you could do a bunch more things with it. Yeah, it showed up right before I'd gotten sick. So I'm just now messing with it. I tried, and I posted it to terrible technique on the a hatfield squat, basically. I just was trying to feel it out. And then of course, I went over, I found a video, a guy named Merff on elite FTS, he had a coaching log. And he had posted a video of how to do it properly. So I'm gonna go back now and try that again. It's a technique I've never used before. It's weird guys because when I first thought of this idea, I didn't even think of Hacksquads. Like I was just thinking of, I didn't even think of machines really. I just thought of like the basic movements you've got your front squat, you've got your traditional back squat, what is there? There's like Cissy squats. You know, and then I thought, well, I'll add in some stuff. Here's what our group had said. I got a screenker. I wonder what they had said, went the pole, better. Yeah. So the final thing was, NAGES actually added in Hacksquads. And here's what we came up with. We had, and I just posted this a little bit ago. 37 people said, Hacksquad, good old back squats, 30 people, belt squat 10, front squats 5, Smith machine 3, V-squad, or similar 3. I added other two people voted for that. Then we had one for Sissy squat, plus leg extension, superset, and then somebody else added in leg press. So that's where we, I'm surprised. You know what my being seen is to do? What is your most frequent go to squat, and then break it down by H too? I think that would be something to look at. Yeah, that's a good way to go. That would say quite a bit. Yeah. I think the back, it would go back squat, and then Smith squat, and then as we go up an age of elevate more towards Hacksquad and Bell squat, you know, and I would Bell squat right now. If I had one at the gym that I trained training, I call him pitch sharks, but that's just because that, I don't know that name, apparently the first one I use was pitch shark and that stuck in my head. But I don't have access to one right now. I think when I switch over, I'm going to start training, and I don't want to side-track the conversation, but scout to get a laugh out of this. I'm going to start training a red kind in about three, probably about three weeks. When my knee is good to go again, I could start training legs. I have to get back into the energy of people being around me. It's just becoming old, being the only person in the gym with my wife, turning the lights on, and then turning the lights off when I leave. So they have one, and I'm excited to get to that leg equipment, but I very much like the bell squat or the pitch shark. I think it's great, especially for someone who does have chronic you know, back issues. It of course takes, I don't want to say it takes a posterior chain out of the movement because it doesn't do that, but the load on the posterior chain is significantly less than a regular squat, which is, again, beneficial for someone who has any type of history of lower back work, and I'm going to clear my throat after I mute the thing here. Go ahead. Oh, okay. I almost think that the belt squat in a way causes a little bit of traction, and it sends it up, pulls your spine apart from where it's pulling from in the hips, versus the bar being lowered on your back, compressing down on your spine. So I think there's two ways to do it. I would wonder how you do it because there, I think there's two ways to do it. You can literally squat straight, and people have to be careful when they use the belt squat because it depends on how you set up over the connection or over the chain, and what lever position you use, you should really be squatting straight up and down. I think. If the same time if you set up right in your squatting at kind of an angle, it's hard to show, but if you, you're kind of leaned over a little bit in your squatting, on-screen, but... Exactly. There you go. I see that as two different ways or two variations of doing that same movement. And I think some people may not know when they lock in because obviously, to keep... Let me see if I can explain this right. A typical pit-shark has three connections on the lever. The furthest one out is going to be the one that's going to be basically from a lever standpoint, it's going to make the load lighter. It isn't going to make it much lighter, but it's going to make it lighter. So people tend to think, oh, I don't want to be, especially if you're hardcore, I gotta get up here to the front. And there's a throw in that because you will load less plates. But it's also going to pull you into the machine. It's going to pull you forward a little bit more. Then if the connection is directly underneath you pulling you straight down, like gravity would pull you straight down in the squat. So it just depends, I think, how you set it up. And I think people need to be aware if they're not of how they hook it up. And the best way to do that is take a video of yourself from the side and check that only your posture and the range of motion or the travel of the hips. But see how the connection to the machine and what what lever position you're on, whether that is directly underneath you going straight up and down or if there's an angle to pull that as backwards backwards. That's right. But to the back. Well, there were a little while ago, there was a study and they took three different belt squats. Right after it came out, Scott Stevenson and I did a podcast where he explained and broke down the study. But the study was talking about how much quad activation you get out of these three different brands. One brand was the pit shark. Another brand was I believe the Rogue Rhino. Honestly, I can't remember the third one. But each one of them was different. So just like just like any any machine, you'd have to have, you have to feel each one out. You know, because I think like the pit sharks on a lever, that's going to do one thing versus the kind where there's just that hole in the floor with the cable coming up. Each machine I think is going to take different adjusting and you really do have to feel it out. What I think you can do the same thing with squats. Like I can do a squat that's all hip. You know, I can do a squat that's all gluten ham. But my ability to your range of being able to change it is much more limited because at the end of the day, you've got that barbell on your back. Versus when you're at the hip, you can stand in all sorts of funky positions. Kind of like with a Smith, you can put your feet way out in front of you. Do things you'd never do with a, you know, traditional barbell. So I do think a good point I think you bring up is you really, if you're going to use a belt squat, you really need to think about what you're going to be activating and make sure you get that stance locked in first as one of the sounds like you're saying. Exactly. Yep. Yeah, that makes sense. Hacks squat. I didn't even think of adding Hacks squat for some reason. I thought I had to squat being more like a, you know, I'm a machine like a lake press by the, do you guys want to put it on the list? Because it's 37 people did like more than 50%. Yeah, I mean, I could somewhat want to say better leg movements. I've done them for years. I think that I don't want to say they're king for me, but I have probably Hacks squatted. I may have Hacks squatted throughout my time of training more than I have any other squat type movement. Yeah, I'm, I think that's a pretty safe statement. The only thing that you have to be careful with, I think, these days. And I think it's these days versus the older machines. And maybe you guys have seen this as well. It depends on whether you can adjust the platform or if the platform is what I call too open. There are some Hacks squats where the angle of the back pad versus the angle of the platform is too open. It's open further than 90 degrees. And I think that's over time. I think it's kind of dangerous. Yes, it does place more, you know, more potential stress on your quads. But, and you'll notice if you have that angle because you think to yourself, gosh, I have to be so much further up on platform than I normally am on any other, you know, Hacks squat. But there can be over time a lot more stress put on, you know, your petal attendants and the knee itself than if it's a 90 degree angle. And, you know, we could throw another thing like the true squat and everything else, but I don't want to get side-track. There's a lot of options for legs. Do you know, you guys want to talk about about the angle with, I mean, I don't explain it very well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not angle. It's not going to be or sliding forward. Exactly. Because it's not a hard 45. Hmm, trying to show. It's like, and it's funny, because of that angle, that made exactly. That made me take my shoes, change the type of shoes that I wear when I train legs because I ended up wearing, I would, I would get my leg shoes a half size smaller so that they were tight so that my feet would never slide in the shoe because I couldn't stand how my feet would push up against the front of the shoe because it would be uncomfortable. So I just wore them a half size. Sometimes a size, a full size too small and they hurt like hell to walk around him. But they were great to train legs because my foot would not move. You know, when you're foot gets warm, the material expands. It's like a hat. If you wear a hat, you could put it on at first and it's tight to shin your leg. Oh my god, how did I get this thing on? But then you warm up and you sweat and it naturally kind of expands and it gets maybe a little moist in it or sweatier so that it would end it expands a little bit. Same with your shoes. So if you do have any type of movement like that, make sure your shoes are tight to shut you know I'll be sliding around and you're fucking shoes man. Do it hex quads. Have you guys been do at my 40? I have. No, I should. It's down here. It's on the gov side, right? Isn't he in a tank temple? Yeah, it's in Tampa. So last time I was there, it was a Watson hydraulic hex quad. Okay. So you could set it up so that you know the machine would start like this and then midset literally a buddy could be cranking on the hydraulics in the back where it goes down like that. So it's making it a little bit easier. So like yeah, so it was actually a really cool machine. You could adjust the angle exactly how you wanted it based off what you're trying to do that day. And I'll tell you what, even it's one plate, like one plate when you're straight up feels like 225. So it's kind of a killer of a machine as you start adding plates. Obviously it gets easier as you put the hydraulically lower the back angle a little bit. But it's definitely a really cool piece. I'd never seen that before. It's made by Watson. Nice. Yeah, I know they have Watson dumbbells down there too. I've heard ones with the spinning handles. They're like, they're weird man. They're like, they're like, cold cans. Like you're like, I don't know how to get it up here. Like it feels weird, you know. Yeah. And they're that thick and they spin that be a bitch to press with wouldn't it? It's weird the first time you use them. Like you have to go like 20 30 pounds lighter just to like get adjusted to them. But yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about hacksquats. I'll say that for me, I think for a lot of people, that is one of the machines that is so unique that as in each brand can be and you guys have already kind of talked about that a little bit. Each brand can be so different. There's some hacksquats. I like I made one a hacksquat really bad. But if I'm in a gym that I don't like their hacksquat, I'm not even going to touch it. You know. But then you get the hacksquats that are nice. I really like mine. It's a body master hacksquat and the angle. Body master is great. Yeah. Yeah. I can actually if I get up here, I'll pop it like my door is closed, but it's literally I sit here and podcast and look at it. I love that thing. The only thing is it's really, really heavy. So you know, there's like the side backs hacksquat. I can get a lot more plates on it. You know, part of that is like it's nice and the ego I guess for videos to have more plates on it. But you also kind of have like a little bit more room to get that specific weight you want before you have to start breaking out the fives and the tattons. You know what I mean? Yeah. Oh, let's take it as a brand. What is? No, go ahead, go ahead. Well, I was going to say we should probably bring this up because I know some people watching have been like, why don't you guys talk about this? Well, how about the trend right now to not just this exercise, but every exercise reverse band everything. Thank you. Yeah. My phone. I can't even wrap my phone up anymore because it falls. Sorry. I think the ego thing is going a little far. Yeah, because you got to guys that you're like, look, I've seen you on a hack squad and you hit four plates for like a hard set eight. And then you put the bands on, you got like seven plates on there. So yeah, who do you think you're full and do? Okay. Yeah. And I'm not saying there's not a place for it. If your knees are injured or something like that or and I do like the feel of the accommodating resistance as you go in from, you know, harder and easier to harder. But then I tell people this, why don't you be in from the bottom then if you still want that accommodating resistance feel. Yeah. Right. Exactly. And then like, oh, no, no, I can do that. Then I wouldn't be able to put six or eight plates on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. My house. I'm not a resistance band. I can get like three plates. Three plates. I think you can. Yeah. Yeah. On my hack squad. But it depends on that. Yeah. I was going to say it depends on the handscrack because I was just going to say altogether all three of us together. I know we're going to say the same shit. What is the easiest, lightest hack squad that you can load a ton of plates on? I carry it. I carry it. Which one? Oh, I carry it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because the angle is further back and it's smooth as shit. Don't get me wrong. I love that. But it's funny because at the same time you can load it up. Typically, if the piece is old enough, it has been re-welded because that platform flexes over time. And you can see it moving. I see dusty doing hacks on my broads. Yeah. It's going to fucking break. Yeah. But yeah, I think that in my experience, I think that's the easiest one to load out because the angle is lower back and the 80s we had, we had hacksquads. I remember gold's Jim and East Lansing, which isn't there anymore. And I would doubt if we had 10,000 listeners that even one person would go, oh, I've been there. But it was almost a straight up and down hacksquad. But you could adjust the platform. So anytime you get a hacksquad where you can adjust the platform, much like our signal makes a pendulum where you can adjust the platform. That shit is gold. That's good because then if your knees aren't bothering you, you might want to open it up a little bit more. If they are bothering you, want more hip involvement, you can close it up a little bit. But yeah, that was a really nice setup and shit those pieces are gone. They're not to be had anymore. So I, man, I'm in the fence because I didn't think hacksquad was on the plate for us. I was going to say just back squats. That was going to be my pick was just traditional barbell backsquad. But now that I got this transformer bar, I think that I'm, I think I'm evolving. I think it's going to do a lot for me, although like I said, man, you know, I'm hardly lifting anything right now. I've gotten through one leg workout. So in a way, this is kind of motivation for me to keep, so I've done three sets so far back into training legs. That's that's been the, that's been it. But it feels good. Scott, that's better than me. You have three sets of more than I have in the last six, eight weeks. So good for you. I'm jealous actually. I felt good five minute break between each set to catch my breath. What's that, Andrew? I was going to say, um, did you find with the transformer bar and bars like the spider bar that it kind of pulls you forward a little bit more at the top? Have you have you noticed that at all? You know what, man? I'll be looking for that. I have, I, I, I was such late way, what's hard to throw in some weight on? Yeah. I think you'll notice it like you're almost getting an upper thoracic kind of workout in a sense as well to the upper body tight because it does have the tendency to want to pull you forward once you get to a certain weight. For me, the first time I did like three plates on it, I almost fell over because I was like, oh, I've got to, I got to really stay upright on this, you know? So I'm almost like pushing up on the handles on my bar versus, you know, just passively hold on in the sense. That kind of brings me to something. When then we didn't get a lot of hits on here. A lot of likes was the front squat. One of the reasons I wanted this bar was, I love quad training. I like to squat to really focus on the quad. I've been trained to elevate my heels. I have really poor ankle flexibility. So I've elevated my heels since about 2013. And I was able to grow my legs that way. Sure, it's a little bit more sheering on the knee, I think. And I know what they do, they make the platforms now, that people use. I like that mild elevation. But I really wanted to see what this bar was like in that front position because you can, you know, bring the plates forward and do more of like a front squat. I could definitely feel the difference in that. And I'm excited to experiment with it. By the way, this program is not presented to you by Kabuki, but you can check them out. Or get this though. We are kind of affiliated with the Leet now. We're kind of, we've got a link on the link. We've got a link on the Leet FTS, thanks to Skip. So shout out to those guys and shout out to the spiderbar. Spiderbar is great, man. I think spiderbar is great. What do you guys think front gets? I'll talk about this one a bit because I got a little experience working with athletes myself as well. I used to coach, I was a strength addition coach for a semi-probasky ball team for three years. And we didn't have any of our athletes back squat because these guys are all 65, you know, six eight. I think the shortest guy was like 5-11. So when you have a longer femur, it's actually pretty unsafe to put heavy weights on a guy's back. And it's a more safe to put the load more in front of him because it's going to be more in their center of gravity. And they're actually going to target their quads a lot more that way versus their lower back. So I think if you have longer femurs or you're a taller guy, might do better, at least initially trying the front squat at first. My only problem with the front squat is like even like 135 now, like, I should just hurts. Like it doesn't feel comfortable. Like it used to when I was younger for some reason. And I got more muscle now. So I can't do the math and figure out why. But like I was a decent front squatter up until like I was 25 or something like that. And now like I don't even think I could put like a third or a half the way on my upper chest and bang out you know, even half the reps I used to. I don't know if you'd ever said it over time too. Yeah, I feel the same way with friends. But no, I don't think that's what I think really what I think that anybody who's good at front squatting, there has to be it's almost, it takes it takes time to build into being able to. I don't know if it's necessarily, I don't think it's coordination. It is for the first handful of workouts because it just feels a little more awkward. But the reason I don't like them is that I think you make a good point with a long femur. There are exceptions to where and that's why it's always hard when we talk about topics and we talk about or answer questions stuff. We're trying to answer give the best information that we can for the majority of people but everything is still so much an individual basis that it doesn't cover everything. So we may say, oh, friends, squats are great and then someone will go, oh, shit, I've been trying them for a year because you guys said so and they're not great for me. Well, there's the exception. So with friends squats, the thing that I don't like is it's just so uncomfortable and it limits my breathing so much, having it in front of me that I swear that my delts and the ability to keep the bar solid and where it's supposed to be is harder than the workload on my legs. It just becomes so laborious trying to keep everything, my breathing and the bar in place and not having my delts. I swear when I'm done it feels like I've done a front note because I don't know about you guys. I'm going to try to show it right here in my thing. I can't cross my hands and do the shit. I don't know if it's because I have such a narrow, clavicle, my shoulder. I don't know but I have to hold in front and have my elbows up to be able to create that cushion to where it feels relatively comfortable until I'm, you know, five or six reps in and it's fucked my life because I can't breathe or anything else. I'm right there with you. I'm not a big fan of them for that reason and I think you were talking about studies early and talking about talking with Scott Stevenson. If I'm not mistaken, he posted a study or a couple studies not long ago that said that there wasn't much of any difference between quad activation and good activation from the front to the rear squat and I found that kind of surprising. But again, it may have been, you don't know who the people are that are in the study, whether they have longer fingers, they're taller, they're their shorter. It's hard telling that because there's so many variables there but I was actually surprised by that because I would have expected to see more quad involvement from a front squat than a rear squat and that's not what that study, I think it was two studies. I didn't see that post, I didn't see that but that does seem weird to me. It's been a movement I've never really been comfortable with but damn, I'll tell you what man, when someone confronts quad a lot of weight, it's freaking impressive to watch isn't it? Oh yeah, for sure. We'll do this. Feels good. You remember the projects for heavyweight? They're on YouTube and stuff with Justin Harris and Steve Ku Klow with load like six plates or something up for their heavy sets? How do you even like comfortably breathe without weight up there? They're definitely impressive with the front squats. Some of those Olympic lifters actually too are like super, super impressive. You'll talk about like the Olympic guys? Yeah, they're not bigger anything usually but incredible. Sometimes those guys do have crazy quads. You ever see that? Like the Olympic lifters if they've got anything they've got quads on them? I think the big reason for that is I think that might be one of the only lifts where they're getting some center-gloting because a lot of most of the Olympic lifts are just concentric and speed stuff. They get very, you know, they drop the bars when they're doing anything overhead. Sure. They're not getting any of the beef center-gloting which I think that's one of the main reasons why they have smaller upper bodies compared to their lower bodies because they actually get in the center on the squats and whatnot. But yeah, that's an interesting insight I could see there. I could see there being something to that. Hey, what's going on guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Body Building Media and thank you to our great sponsor True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. Truenutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You want to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party tests and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements. Check them out True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code Advices, you directly support our podcast and thanks guys. Let's get back to the program. You know, kind of like what I said at the beginning, squats are something that we will. Well, we always think if you want a big physique, you got to have big legs and if you want big legs, you've got to squat. I think that there are people who are getting away with trying to get around the hard work. And I think that all of us who have been around, we all can be like, you know, kids today. But there's some reality to it. And there was a comment we had that that would kind of be a really nice kind of transition into some of our listener stuff. This was from Nate Spear. He had said, uh, please discuss thoughts on the importance of squatting, dead lifting, barbell row, T bar row, the hard lifts, the first few years of a young bodybuilder's journey. And how does a young bodybuilder know what information to use? For example, I see a lot of young guys taking advice from pros that have changed their training over the years. So they might hear a pro say that all he does is hexquat and leg press. But little with his he know that that pro squatted and walking lunged for his first five years. And now they apply what the pro is doing with their own to their own training. As we talk about this, for anybody who's who's not familiar with us, maybe you're just tuning in for the show to the first time. Maybe you don't know us, maybe you don't know Andrew. Andrew is the coach of Nate, the guy who made that post, who is arguably one of the best bodybuilders in the MPC right now. Shout out Nate. I know if he was watching it. In Nate has some incredible quads. He's a guy. He hasn't been trained in for super long. But he's worked his ass off and he's worked. I mean, he's been training for is it like under competing. I should say for under 10 years as an Andrew. He's been competing for like six years. And he's probably been training for like eight, but I don't think he was seriously trained until about six years ago. So, but right from when he started training, he was doing the hard stuff. And today he's still doing the hard stuff. So yeah. Yeah, tell us a little bit about that about his training. What he's done to get where he is because he's incredible. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I don't know what to say other than he doesn't try away from the hard stuff. Like he's doing the squats. He's doing how it, like he'll send me a video of him doing like a five-please squat for like 10 reps, like continuous tension, no stopping breathing. And then it'll be like, oh yeah, this was after this. And it'll show me the hacksaw. He said he did before that with like seven plates, no bands. And where he got like 20 reps or something like that. So, I mean, I just an example of like a typical leg day for him. When he used to come up and train legs with us up, here in Vermont, it was like, I had to mentally get ready. You know what I mean? Like it was, it was definitely good because we used to push each other so hard on some of these sets that, you know, you're lying on the floor afterwards. I go outside the puke for a minute and the cold air or something. Like it was definitely like intense stuff. And I know he trains that way every single day. And you guys have seen probably recently his, he really improved his upper body pressing shoulder pressing and then coined a barbell pressing three to four plates for like eight reps. Not just like a one rep, almost carry your peck type thing. Like a full like eight to 10 reps. And when we started, he was doing like 185, 225. So he's grinded out, adding five pounds of bar every workout that, you know, just moving up those ranks like crazy. And it's a testament to his hard work for sure. I don't think he literally takes any workout for granted. Because you know, like, you know, like you're like, oh, you know, I just got done the competing season and I've got, you know, 10 months until I'm going to get on stage again. And you know, there's the stuff that can get in your head of like, okay, you got time to kind of relax and take it easy. I think he's mentally, he's like right back in the lab trying to get a strongness because he can and carrying that over into his next competitive season. So that there's literally no lag. Like I had to tell him when to take like four or five days off, like, you know, don't don't go to the gym or, you know, go do some of the fluffy machines and that kind of thing for three days in a row. Yeah, you know, I mean, he's definitely blown your hardest workers out there. Cool. I just wanted to make sure we kind of painted a picture of who he is in his work ethic because he is a guy who has stuck by that stuff and it's really the hard work. It's really paid off for him too. I'm really excited to kind of segue like I said into this topic because I feel like this is completely associated. I mean, none of those movements that we were talking about are easy. You know, skip you were talking about like 20 reps sets on the squat. You do the same thing on the hacksquat. Those are going to be some of the hardest exercises that you do in the gym. I think anything you do with lags where you're really working. I mean, your your heart rate gets so high. Your oxygen gets so taxed. As you were talking about those movement skip, I like I can't think of and I think you kind of reference this to Andrew. I can't think of anything else in the gym that's that difficult. No, I think T-bar and bar rows though. Those are those are tough to high rep dads definitely. Absolutely. Yeah, I would agree. And you know, it may be his question is very valid and I'm actually glad that he asked it because we made of skipped over it without really touching on this, but you know, he's right in the sense that you know, when people beginning to train or starting to train relative newbies, they do go to people with a lot of experience or prefer to go to people with a lot of experience to get training advice and they may get the wrong advises. In the sense that we do tend to talk about what we do now versus when we start and I think a good trainer will make sure that the information that they're giving a specific person is based on their level of training and things like squats think complicated exercises that take that involve a lot of muscles and involve a lot of coordination develop nerve pathways that, you know, a tricep press down just doesn't close grip bench presses in a case like that or dips. Those things are are more important for the person starting out because they don't know really how to generate intensity and even when they do learn how to do that, they're still not able to apply that level of intensity that they're going to get in four or five six years with that same movement. So there is this learning curve. You do have to get in there and just really pound those basic movements but I think as you progress you get to the point where you're like Andrew is talking about or I'm talking about where Steve Cucalo or Phil Heath who don't they don't told big anymore of course Phil never really told very big anyway but Steve you know he doesn't pull big deadlift anymore and he'll admit it but he did early on he may not even you know front squat anywhere near what he was doing or back squat I don't know much about Steve's training anymore but it does evolve it has to evolve it can't ever you're training can't ever stay the same because if it does you in some fashion you're making a mistake because your physique evolves and what your physique needs evolves and the wear and tear on the body evolves and typically will get worse and even if it doesn't get worse you're moving larger pounded so you're going to move into this section where yeah I use the curls as an example you know when you first start out you can curl straight arm and you can come up and try curling straight arm any more after you build any type of mass on your arm and it's just not going to work you can't force your your your wrists into positions that you could have when you were smaller so they're just there those those physical changes that take place over time too and then of course the generation of whether it be knees or back or whatever else training has to evolve and I think trainers need to be careful when they're given information to to someone that they're giving the information that applies to to them specifically based on their history of training. Can I touch on that one too a little bit? Have had it man? Um did also to skip point I think I think you know in a way maybe the Instagram social media might be kind of causing a lot of this because and in the fact that we live in a world where like people can get anabolic substances by going on a website order and I'm almost as quickly as Amazon they're there two days later so I'll my point with this is that I think a lot of shortcuts in a sense have been taken it or it appears that they've been taken by front loading higher dosages a gear using more dangerous types of gear than maybe someone would start with when they're younger in their career and they can get away with some of those less intense less hardcore training exercises like dead lifts, barbell rows, backsquats, that kind of thing. I just think that that kind of plays a role into it as well because the other thing is like everybody's a coach nowadays. So you know Joe Blow has really good genetics who's been trained for two and a half three years takes a bunch of gear, goes pro and basically one point five years and it looks like he's put on 40 pounds of muscle so some kids going to hire him as a coach and this all exactly what he did. Well maybe he didn't have to do the parts of the car as muscle because he's on that he's in that upper echelon of genetics because as this sport is grown I mean you guys you guys know when we all started especially you guys it was a real fringe sport right you go into the gym and it's like maybe one of the guys done a bodybuilding show and they took you onto the one under their wings had you do the hard workouts with them and you know just kind of told you you know how things went. Now the sport has grown so big that we're tracking people genetically elite people that we might have not ever seen before because bodybuilding is so cool today. Truth to get what I'm saying. Yeah so the talent pool is just getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Yeah I feel sorry for a lot of people I've said it a lot over the years but and I always describe the industry and finding a trainer as a giant sea of turds. It really is difficult it has to be incredibly difficult for someone who is not well-versed with the industry doesn't know names or reputations or track records to be able to sift through and find out who really does know their shit and who is I don't want to say clueless I don't think anyone is I like to think no one is really clueless but it has to be very difficult I think when you don't know what you're getting into. I don't know how many times I've had people contact me and go well I've had such a bad luck or a bad run you know training with trainers and I'm just not sure and I mean that's here it's so often that it's just kind of like you're doing everybody else I mean you know welcome. Yeah I think another thing that I see this is something I come up against with the younger people I work with and when I say younger I'll say guys in their early 20s when they are modeling after the genetic elite as they're also they're not only are they picking well okay let me say this I see some guys that are maybe tailoring their workouts after guys that are already like quote unquote there that don't need to put on any mass I think that that is one thing but another thing I see is they're training with like maybe too much volume I see guys that and I think of a guy I just started working with who's training seven days a week and this guy trains hard from what it sounds like I mean you could only train so hard though if you're training seven days the way I describe it is it's like you're at a because I've done it when I was younger I remember going through a phase where I was like I don't have anything else to do with my life I know I'm not supposed to do this I'm just gonna go every day and eventually you know eventually I came to my senses but you come to a point where like you can't get the intensity you need it's almost like I punched out at work and I got to the gym and I punched the clock you know and I like what am I doing today what's my routine okay I'll go through that routine you're not you're not able to get as much out of it and I see that as being almost just just as much of an issue for some of the younger guys and then Andrew like you're talking about with the chemical enhancement you can really kind of make up for overtraining and staying in the gym and being able to continue pushing if you're using gear especially if you're using it really before you need it but that doesn't mean that it's gonna be a one plus one equals two I think that there's gonna be a lot of diminishing returns that are gonna come you're gonna get burnt out I guess a lot faster that's kind of one it kind of related it's it's not exactly the same thing but it's a I guess another another place where I see young people making a mistake when it comes to modeling after the elite because there are guys out there that can handle a lot more and I've referenced this a bunch of times but when Scott Stevenson and I spoke with Brandon Curry last year we broke down like what happens at oxygen gym it oxygen gym they grind you they push you you train a lot and for the vast majority of people that doesn't work and if it doesn't work for you at oxygen gym then you get pushed to the wayside but Brandon Curry can handle that so guys like him stay there because it works because there is that genetically the can handle getting pushed getting pushed he had said to Brandon said like he listens to all the podcasts and he listens to you know the smart people in the industry and one of the big things for him was because I asked him I was like what was the real difference maker that allowed you to push that little extra bit he was already great but what made him able to push that extra level and he said I'd always listened to the to the voice of reason that you need to take a lot of rest and that you needed to give your muscles a break and then I realized at oxygen that I didn't need that that I was that tiny fraction that little tiny half of a percent the Brandon Curry's of the world as I say now that can do that the rest of us can't you know Nate's spirit I'm sure that he needs probably not as much rest as I do but I'm sure he needs more rest than Brandon Curry does I don't know you tell me am I wrong manager I'm curious now you know you know you're talking about the genetic 0.02 percent of all body builders out there the Brandon Curry's a Phil he eats the you know the big rommies that you know their bodies assimilate proteins faster than the rest of us and by that token that means they're recovering assimilating muscle protein and recovering from those hard-sharing his workouts faster than the rest of us you add in chemicals a speed up that process they're utilizing those chemicals better than the rest of us it's it's not necessarily matter hard work you know I think there's a lot of people out here amateurs pros that work very very hard but some of you respond to the training the stimulus and the food better than the rest of us and that's just all it is you just got if you get into the sport and you accept that and you're like I'm gonna do the best I can with my set of you know variables then I think you're gonna do okay but if you go into a thick and like oh we'll bring a curry train six and a half seven days a week them and he's taken this this and this and he's this exact diet now it's not gonna work for you you know you're gonna have to stand it gut you're gonna bad joints and you're probably gonna be out of the sport in two years because you're gonna get burnt out you know hey easy easy go easy I'm a here pal let's not get me now I want to add one thing for a move out I do think it's important I've changed my perspective on how I view the newbie I not ideology but the way they perceive things I used to think it was stupid because I would I would think that it was a logical but it's not it's very logical for someone who has no background and understanding of bodybuilding training supplementation recovery nutrition things like that to look at someone who is big and see what they do I mean look when I was young I hopefully admit if a guy was being a gem I want to know what he did and whatever he would have told me to do I was gonna fucking do it because logically you think that's what got him there it's going to get me there and and that's why I think that these types of discussions I wish they happen more often in the industry because people need to know that there are steps to get there we all want to cut corners any at any point we can but training for 37 years I'll still cut a corner like a mother fucker if I know that I can or think I can cut it the problem is as I spent so much time realizing that cutting corners doesn't work anymore but I still have that that in my brain where I'm thinking to myself hmm maybe I can cut corners on this knee injury and I can do this or I can do that and I'm reminded quickly you know or soon after that that I can't do that I think it's logical it's difficult to look at somebody who's big and in shape so I don't I don't hold it against them for having that that idea that that's who they need to go with I almost want to put it more on the trainers from this representing themselves but I think it's part of it as ego the other part is as I think that people are truly when they have they'll say a guy turns pro and three years I think in his mind I think he does think he's qualified and I think he thinks he's experienced and I think and and and and those terms I guess are relative terms when you think about it he is certainly more qualified than the person coming to him so there's that sure you know it's hard to get mad at some ego come on you don't have to work with me but work with someone who fucking who knows what the hell they're doing don't throw your money at this it's got when he really doesn't know if the fuck he's doing work with someone knows what they're doing but they yeah that's part of the learning process like as after raising kids the same thing you tell your kids over and over and over don't do this stupid shit don't do that stupid shit but they have to learn by making those mistakes and I just like I had to and you had to and they're gonna have to do the same thing fair enough we do have some other listener questions that were added in here uh before we do move on though I mean do you guys want to add me something else Andrew now I think we kind of beat that topic up six different ways and let's do it covered it so we we don't throw one thing in can I throw one thing in hey you're the one that's got the general statement so that's a good point um if you're if you still want more information about squatting and you really want to look to um a source that that has just extremely high levels of say you know knowledge around squatting and and things like that elite FTS is the you know the place to be I mean these guys I've had questions about things where I have gone to those guys and don't know answer the question and the things that they know about foot placement needs we're talking about knee valgus um just yesterday the day before um there was a video that and I mean these these people they you know they know their shit and when you're talking about the bars and everything else of course in lead FTS I don't know if you can hear Linus in the background he's delighted it's so quiet sorry about that there's no background noise on the me talking but elite FTS is the leading equipment manufacturer and I know there are other equipment manufacturers who would argue that but they would lose elite FTS is elite and they sell the best you know training equipment especially for you know power lifting and bars and things like that that if you're looking for bars or you want a different bar or you're trying to your gym owner and you want a variety of bars check out elite FTS because they've got all the shit all the good shit all the good toys yeah I've been watching more of their videos on YouTube to help me with my technique like I said I wanted to figure out how to do a hatfield spot and I just typed it into to YouTube and one of the first things that came up was Murphy's training log so I mean that never hurts I've squatted for a long time put it that way and I still just learned something by checking that out so I'm all for that all right so like I like I was starting to say I asked for training questions this is our our Easter training extravaganza although the recorded version is going to come out after Easter it's all still valid stuff we got a bunch of training stuff I'm not sure I'll just go we kind of covered this a little bit actually I think we already did one of our listeners had asked about front squats now here's the deal this is one of my clients he says can front squats be as effective as backsquats for leg development thanks he's kind of in a situation where this is a big dude over three bills and he's getting into some pretty good shape now he's been working with me for a little while incredible lats strong guy he can't get his arms back the first time I'm gonna maybe have to put him on blast here from a scared to shit out of me he showed me his backsquat and what he did I can't remember if he was squatting like three or four plates he took his arms and he put them I'm gonna move it for you here so you can see me through the holes of the plates so his arms were straight out and I'm just thinking like if he has to bail like what happens you know you get you turned and get turned into a T-bone or you know a wishbone I'm thinking just get you say a T-bone or you said a T-bone or I said T-bone or yeah we hear what we hear but I don't know we kind of we kind of I think already covered that with I think I'm just as effective in for him obviously it's going to be more effective than back squat but I'm still trying to get him to work any shoulder mobility yeah exactly that's important shit too um well so we have here and then I'm gonna actually grab some carbs I've got some weird blood sugar stuff going on it's not insulin just from being sorry sweat a little bit oh yeah I'm sorry I didn't know this yeah I wondered you go grab your carbs we'll cover it all right you read it skip you actually know this guy no problem I know this guy he one is class this weekend and took a he lost a split decision I hate because it's happened to me a couple times got a hate losing a split decision I know it should be this pat on the back like oh you were battling you know and your your buddies try to make you feel better about it but you lost a split decision you were that close and it's like oh but anyway he uh we got to get another show in about three weeks and and that was pretty happy for me's in the um physique division but great physique anyway question thoughts on training body part that is highly developed every other week to work on growing a lagging body part also shout out to Matt to me for helping with my classes we get I guess I gotta have myself that's on training body part that is highly developed every every other week to work on growing okay um what do you think run with it well first congratulations on the class when it's always fun yeah I wouldn't have a problem with I'm always a try something and see how it's working and if it's not working go back to what you know something else kind of guy so I would say absolutely you know pull it back maybe not once a week maybe once every five to six days if it split is you know like a push pull lower body maybe do push pull lower push pull you know a couple days off and start to push pull thing again but yeah I wouldn't see a problem with you know taking a highly developed body part out of the regular training mix and working at a little less frequently what do you think and I think too when you bring up let's use arms as an example even switching to just push pull legs does put so you try steps at the end of a chest and shoulder workout you're not going to be able to hit him as hard you can probably lower the volume a little bit same with biceps so that's an option there too I know myself and I'm staying with arms is the example I don't have very good body parts but my arms and calves tend to be better than everything else I just wish that my everything else grew and was in such great condition as my limbs but anyway what I did was I a couple years ago I think it's been a few years now but I said you know my arms are pretty good shaped they're going to keep their size from pre heavy pressing and pulling I'll train arms every other week kind of like as an experiment and the fucking thing is grew they didn't grow like oh my god now they're just even huge jar then they were before but they grew in a sense that I made more progress spent wise than I had in the last three years prior and I wasn't really I didn't keep back on the intensity or really how I train them but just on the frequency and I was surprised by that then the more I thought about it I shouldn't have been surprised because I do think a lot of people tend to over-trained arms I mean what's the first thing that some of them thinks of when their arms are lagging you're going to train them more frequently we are already pounding and with heavy pulling and pushing and then you're now adding even more direct work on top of the direct work you were doing now if we change that to say chest or legs or something like that if that's a body part that's highly developed I mean I think logically it does make sense if it is more developed you could probably train it less frequently and then be able to give the time and the recovery to other groups of other muscle groups that you're trying to bring up I think the big important thing here is when you're going to give more time excuse me to a weaker body part you also have to make sure that the added training is going to help versus you being overtrained and actually needing more recovery and I think you'll find out real quick six-day weeks should probably give you a good idea because if you're still not progressing any better then it's typically not going to be well now I need even more work it's probably going to be that the recovery is the issue and you're going to have to back out because it's weird about recovery and I don't know if you agree with this or not but I mean I think you would but you can have other muscle groups that grow relatively well tend to recover and then you can have a muscle group that doesn't recover as well and it's kind of an odd thing so there's almost two ways of looking at it overtrained you can overtrain a specific muscle group then you can overtrain your entire CNS or your bodies or so overtrained as a whole and I think that yeah one of the ways I came up with that was I could overtrain my upper chest and start to lose strength I would regress on my upper chest pressing but then I could open with a flatter decline press and still continue to progress and it was just the weirdest most bizarre thing and this happened years ago and I just kind of liked that that wow okay well that seems pretty obvious yeah I agree with the I think the kind of just gets back what I was saying like right out for you know of a training cycle you know whether it's four weeks or eight weeks or whatever and chart your progress and you know if it's work and obviously stay with it because at the same token we don't want to make a great body part worse right we we want to keep it as a great party part we just want to give more attention or do whatever would be more effective to get those other body parts to come up a little bit and I think there's some things you can do with that in terms of nutrition you know you know maybe pushing a little bit more nutrition and maybe certain special chemicals on certain days to try to you know give a little bit more attention to those body parts that do need to come up um so that you might not even need to take you know your strong body part out of that rotation maybe just cut it down to like if you're doing you know six hard sets first say a chess workout if that's your hard you're your good body part maybe just cut it to three and you know spend more time on your delts and your other body parts that need a little bit more work but I do think you can keep it getting to get around weak body parts with you know better you know certain nutritional strategies and certain chemical strategies um and also certain rest strategies you know I think if you put a day off before your weak body part and plan a day off afterwards I think that's going to make a a good amount of difference more so actually than almost any of those other modalities that I was talking about uh I agree complaining so you're you're you're well rested your glycogen fed your your glycogen full and then you train stimulate and then you're giving yourself a full of a day of rest afterwards before you hit the other body parts um I think you're going to increase your recovery on that bad body for that poor body part and it's going to lead to bring coming up. Agreed yep I'm back I pretty much agree with you guys and most everything so I'm not going to say anything on this one because I'm probably just going to say stuff you guys already said. Instead I got another one here well well played well played you got a trap Queen a trap training question here uh and I've got some stuff I will add in when it comes back around to me uh techniques to build traps if deadlifts and heavy heavy the moderate shrugs are no go because of low back pain who wants to take this one first. heavy shrugs have you got joy I got one so all right this is an exercise that I don't really see a lot of people doing I'm not saying I invented or anything but uh everyone has probably a T-BI row well chest supported T-BI row in there and they're gym yeah um if you basically put the weight on there keep your arms straight and then retract targeting your medial traps you will get a nasty pump there um and if you you can go pretty heavy you know you go three four place we don't really need to I would say two to three plates on that if you're an experienced body builder and you can you know if you can keep our row four five plates I think two or three plates is going to be your sweet spot sets of 12 to 15 or something like that and I think you're really going to target at least the lower medial part of your traps um it might not get you know fully up in the cap area but um I I've seen a lot of growth there by doing that exercise myself I could see I think that's good advice but I was vision envisioning or seeing in my head was I don't know how bad his lower back is so maybe getting into position could be tough but if you set up a high incline and adjustable bench and you've really high like not not straight up but like this much of an incline and you lean into it there's a catch here though and this is kind of important you have to be able to stand on the frame of the bench or it will slide exactly or tip so if you can lean into it and do dumbbell shrugs that would be not straight up but kind of up and back because of the incline then it would be similar to what you're saying so I I think with your example it would be easier to get into position if you had lower back problems versus trying to get heavier dumbbells into position on an incline because you'd have to like lean into it you'd have to almost kind of fall into the bench a little bit yeah but I think both of you set up your life is a better option though well maybe if you set up two benches alongside it with the dumbbells rested on that so that you're kind of squat down to pick them up you're already already locked out and you kind of your feet are on the back of the bench that the platform to keep it steady and you stand up with the weights so you're not like you know coming forward with them you're kind of gliding up the bench a little bit it might be great work or you might need a body that maybe maybe you've got one of them to body hands you the other one if you have a training all right that might be the best yeah for that so yeah I think you're right it would probably work but then if you use three benches in my gym you're probably going to get bitched at some point so these are gonna be pissed because I'm gonna be waiting to do something well didn't somebody say it was the biggest guy I mean it or maybe it was a stop flying well that and I'm usually the only one in my gym now but I guess I was thinking of the gym that I trained clients and too so I got a couple thoughts I feel like number one I see people using way too much weight on shrugs and they're not using a good range of motion so I mean I've dealt with low back issues too I've trained and had to watch my low back even doing shrugs I think that my first stop would be can you get more out of less oh Jeremy's with us right now what's up man he's watching the show live what's he say here skip I actually just I gotta move some stuff around here just tried he tried that today he tried your move today okay cool very cool me's on the bottom of an incline uh it didn't have to go heavy and it worked really good cool so he put his knees on the bench so he's kind of like actually on the bench like in a new in position I think he's gonna be awkward yeah he's in but he said he's not in the army yeah yeah but he may have done that because he didn't have the frame to stand on because if I would think I mean standing it against it would be a lot easier but if you don't have the frame to stand on it's gonna move or it's gonna tip forward yeah so yeah I thought was uh look at how much weight you're using look at your technique can and that I think that really goes into play for all of us but especially if you have a back issue you already can't sling weight around and a lot of stuff you're doing uh you know my leg training for long time with low back issues was how do I get the most I can while working within my limitations you know with x amount of pounds um I think about like one of one of one of meadows things that uh when I used to train back with Shelby we do shrugs at the end of the workout and John would have us do like a squeeze at the top for one full second and then a slow negative how often do you really see people doing a slow negative on shrugs let alone squeezing all the way up a lot of times like our stress yeah yeah we've got to do it a lot of times the two second squeezes and that cuts your weight down by about 30 40% easy absolutely so I don't care what you're using before you might only need like I mean the strong guy might only be using 85 pound dumbbells on with the two second squeeze and the slow negative so I mean you could you could really get creative and I think you have to get creative creative if you want to keep getting stronger with low back issue so that's one I don't know how he would do with this also I wonder too low back can he can he train sitting down if he can I mean seated shrugs there's that or uh I don't really do these a lot but have you guys ever seen those like reverse shrugs in the Smith machine yeah over and yeah again I think it just comes down to the yeah but I think overhead like that I think again it would probably load his I got to go against you one thing Scott but I don't think sitting down and doing shrugs is a good idea if he's got a lower back and I'll tell you why because you don't when you stand up you can you can flex and tighten your glutes to help stabilize the lower back and you can't do that when you're sitting down it's one of the things I don't like it I don't like about the hammer the typical hammer because of those pictures that's the picture yeah and I had a client ask me oh they said what are these lower handles for I'm like oh that's because when they made this piece of equipment 25 years ago some damage ought to be great idea to sit down and put these handles down here now for the average person that wouldn't be an issue or may not be an issue but you lose stability in the lower back if you're seated holding on too a lot of weight because you're not able to contract and keep your glutes tight to help stabilize the lower back so if he's already got an existing issue and I only know this because I had such horrible back problem and I thought oh this could be a great idea and it turned out to not be a great idea so it didn't it didn't work for me I don't know if it would work for him every back injury is different but still it worked for me but I think you're probably right I think I'd go back to my number one I was looking for additional stuff to add in you know my number one would be you know really see what you can get out of the least amount we've got some more stuff here we can power through and figure out what your lower back issue is don't try to train around it on with the exception of while you're trying to bring your back back to a healthy stand like a healthy position I think a lot of people they feel like they have lower back issues and they're always going to have them and you don't want to get into that mindset you want to find out what's wrong and you want to rehabilitate it and get your back back very nice all right how to go about rest when doing unilateral work like one arm rows or split squats do one side then rest the other that would text the latter side wouldn't it maybe do one side rest a bit do the other rest a bit repeat what do you guys think there I think it's a good question yeah so do you guys train with partners when else got you train your house and get rid of the wife or I train with my wife and god love her she's in the other room she may hear me but I don't consider her my train partner because she's not going to help me for shit so I train by myself for all intents and purposes but well I'm lucky because I usually have a stable of training partners to choose for them usually a lot younger than me that are on the way up and you know kind of push me but anyway so I find that like so you're doing rows for instance you know once you get to like a certain way and you're doing your all out you know heavy sets I definitely want to do my one arm first and then I'm gonna let him go and do his arm while I'm breathing because I want to get my breathing back down to where it was for that other side so I'm given it the same opportunity as I did and you know that's for you know the Bulgarian split squats or you know one arm rows or those are really the only two examples I can think of maybe you're trying to do like the Bulgarian split squat drop set of death go one like right into the other it's just not gonna and pretty sure you're not gonna make this right great you're not gonna make it through that's like a lot of it because it's the oxygen death more than anything but um but yeah I think it's good to you know once you get to those heavy sets you want to make sure you're given both sides equal opportunity as much as possible to to get the most out of each set so I don't disagree with that I would like to say I will add a caveat though because I'm actually experiencing this myself where I have an issue with my right lat right now it's a neck injury I'm doing a lot of PT and stuff with it um some and when I'm trained about myself I will actually go do my right arm and then go into my left arm at kind of a deficit in a sense on the rows because I want to I don't want this side to go get too far ahead of my right injured side so I kind of just I just kind of counteracted my first point there but with the caveat of this side is needs to come up so I'm given it the the best you know the best the best opportunity and I'm handy caping the other side a little bit so it doesn't get too far ahead of the other one so now I don't let a training partner go but only because I don't have one but I do recommend just like you're saying there should be a little bit of a get you got to get a little bit of your breathing bag whether it be lunges lunges or Bulgarian squats are a good example because even though you're supposed to be using the front leg to do 95% of the work the back leg is going to work sure so if it's already fatigued I mean how are you possibly especially if you're going to push as close to failure as you can you're going to end up with you know once the other thing too that I think is important situation like this when you're working one side over the other is start with your weaker side I was just still getting you don't start yeah you start with your weaker side because then at your strong side you might if you do happen to lose a rapper too then it will at least balance out but you still want to try to obviously train both sides equally which is another reason that I don't like to do one side all the reps on one side and the other side it's a me thing I'm OCD but I like to alternate left right left right left right that sort of thing you can't do it on lunges so you might be well skip what do you do I do a sequence I'll do the lower reps so they're not as exhausting but there'll be more like a say a six six left six right without stopping six left or five left five right four and I do a six five four three two one where there's nowhere that way by the time I'm to the end both legs are so far to that it doesn't matter and what is it benefiting any more than the other are you guys both right handed I'm actually am a nexus so I find my balance is actually pretty good with my strength on both sides I can throw baseball footballs on both sides you're getting where you are when you were a kid did you right with both hands no but I can you can but I'm going to I can't you I can't you can I don't I wrote I wrote right handed okay I'm just curious I'm just curious which foot when you go to walk which foot steps first I'm just curious I was tough I'm usually like I'm I go escape more I'm more balanced I'm I left yeah okay I'm more if I'm to jump on a skateboard I lift my left as well yeah so you're left which your left foot kicks or your left foot stands on the skateboard just get I would kick either way I don't have a preference but if I if I was just if I would push on the board yeah yeah which puts on the board if I chose I would I would I would lead with my left okay you're the better player you're doing your dual Bulgarians but squats which leg you feel more in control with yes I can't do that because they're both I don't have okay I know that sounds like that but I really don't I am I almost is equal 50 50 if it's not it's 49 51 I mean I just don't have if I have to pick a weaker side development wise like visually yeah my right side isn't is pretty it's my little strength yeah strength isn't gonna I don't have a left or right I know that's fucked up but no that's not my same thing I didn't my foot or my shoulder issues and shit like that early on but I'll give you a little so my left leg is more coordinated like if I want to do like a single leg stiff like a deadlift for example just not that I do but if I wanted to I'm way more balanced I can go up and down on that my right one I feel like I'm gonna fall over if if I write foot on the ground but my right leg is actually stronger than my left like if I was doing single leg leg presses I can do more with my right leg oddly enough my left leg is more developed so figure that one out right just a random question I had to get me thinking yeah alright we had one about putting the foam roller I did a follow because I wasn't sure what he was talking about have you seen people using a foam roller under the shoulder pads to change the angle of the hacksquat I know dusty does this how does that work and what are some other ways to change angles to isolate different parts of the quad I don't have any experience with this if you guys do you can but I know I do it I do it myself quite often it feels what's more comfortable to me on my lower back for one thing I feel like if you feel like I'm able to target my outer sweep a little bit more I feel more in control and I do that tell you the truth then when I'm flat back against the the pad be good maybe because I have where do you put it all or to try to just right underneath your shoulders so like okay you know like the the arms of the of the pad you put the roller right here and then you're laying again so your upper traps are the the you can't hold on to quite as far you you're going to be a little more yeah yeah yeah that's why I have to try my hacksquat okay yeah I thought I tried everything I'll be got to you know I haven't used it but I see people use it I see dusty use and I haven't done it but in terms of what I was going to say in terms of other ways so like change angles position that kind of thing in activation you got to cut the weight on this one but I really like going up on my toes on the hacksquat putting your feet as low as you possibly can and let you knees purposely go over your toes again this isn't like don't think you're going to if you're six plate hacksquat or you're not going to do six plates on this or if you do your student because you're going to have some major you know try one or two plates or something like that and I think you're really going to get the cure drop really well especially if you really control your speed don't bomb out in the bottom and explode up like really take three second negatives and really stretch the tissue at the bottom and then contract hard on the way up I think you're going to get if your cure drops a week I think that's a great way to make them come off thing time wasn't that a Tom Platt's Mountain Dog type of I think Tom had John do that I think yeah yeah yeah yeah I've seen Tom Platt do that before I just realized something I don't want to side track is again after I said the left foot right foot thing but apparently I am we talked this entire show about training so far and that's what we're going to finish up talking about too we talked about squat technique pretty in depth not once did we talk about depth just thrown it out there I'm not saying we have to I just thought that was interesting I think what it was I think we all kind of assumed between the three of us I think that's really what it came down to I think that's what that was it I thought it was the kind of man I'm a joke it's like I'm making short and sweet at least from my yeah I've had it man if you want to you want to get as low as you can before you have any type of pelvic tilt yeah pelvic pelvic tilt then you're putting your lower back in a vulnerable position so you can even know you can physically go lower you shouldn't go lower you should increase the flexibility of your hamstrings to be able to squat lower without your hips turning underneath your posterior what's called posterior pelvic tilt otherwise yeah you want to sweat I think as deep as you can I think that you're fine if you're a parallel and I've seen a lot of I'm going to be honest I've seen a lot of really good body builders develop and this is within the last five to seven years develop in sane legs not squatting to parallel and a lot of pros and I mean I see it almost I'll see one person every couple days on Instagram that is very well developed and not squatting to parallel so I don't even sometimes I wonder I would like to think that it's the genetically gifted can get away with things like that and you also have to understand what parallel means because once the legs get so big sometimes it looks like not it's like but you have to remember there's a bone in there somewhere the six inches underneath all that visible line and if you're a yeah it might be it might not have to go to parallel because you know things like hamstring and hamstrings and glutes kind of get in the way they press against the calf and you can't get all the way down there like you can when you're skinny it's like that barbell curl example I was talking about earlier but I do think that you should go as low as you can until you get to the point where it's called a butt wink pelvic posterior pelvic tilt and it may not injure you if you're young and made a rubber but if you keep doing it ears and ears and over time it's going to really wear on your lower back and it ends up nasty I just thought of it because I was listening to Andrew talk the question being you know any other variations you can do to kind of manipulate the movement to get development in different areas of the leg and I thought to myself like oh I think the number one thing is depth I know King the guy who wrote this he's local to me and he's he's got great depth he's got a really nice squat I know his his his depth is good but since skip had a chance Andrew do you want to chime in on your thoughts about depth do you mean to ask to grasp all that I'm going to go back to your what you first said leading into this topic of um it was all just assumed that yeah you're at least going to depth or and and I think all of us can agree when we're watching someone squat right off the bat we tell like yep that steps or and he's leaving a little bit you know that you could go a little bit deeper maybe you're just happy you know yeah if I say he is if it's just talking about guys but um so I think we all know a good squat when we see it you know um I feel like you know I can watch my videos and and be like okay you know that's not going to win a powerlifting competition wouldn't be legal in a powerlifting competition but I feel like that's that's that's parallel for me in the sense and it's causing my legs to grow you know I'm feeling a two days later you know so yeah skip you got anything you want to add in on uh it variations and stuff with leg training man I don't know we covered we covered a lot I mean I'm glad that you did touch on depth because I did assume I think we all just kind of assume that that was that was a given um yeah they're out for one more thing and this had this relates to any type of lower back low vulnerability as well I think it's difficult if you if you have any type of issue with your lower back you need to use a little bit wider stance so that your your midsection can kind of come down in between your knees instead of using a narrow stance where you basically run the risk then of that that that pelvic tilt happening sooner so I think if you if you have a lower back issue or it's not too bad but you can still squat but you want to be safe with the movement you need to open up your stance I'm not talking about sumo anything but to go narrow on hacksquats you know like real narrow stance or to try to squat with a narrow stance or even leg press for that matter and still go and get the depth that you want to get I think it's it's an increase of vulnerability you gotta be very careful with that because um those lower back issues I'm telling you man they'll just they'll bring things to a screeching hole and then only a one back on the right in your brain what's that yes I was gonna say once you've had one bad one you're just kind of waiting till the next one happens like before you get ready for those really heavy sets it crosses your mind like there's there's there's a very there's a threshold that you pass that that's your pre injury and then once you have had a bad one you're living with that knowledge after that every time you go and do something heavy whether it's a deadlift a squat and that's why eventually you get to a point where you're just like you know what it's not worth doing this exercise anymore because every time I try to do it I run into this a little tweak in my back and then I can't do this for two and three weeks and it throws this off so I think that's why as we get older we kind of throw certain exercises out or we find ways to make them harder without utilizing more weight to keep it in the arsenal so yeah I mean one and a lot of guys like you know you talk to them and like you know they're just genetically lucky they just you know if they're in their late 30s and they haven't had a major back injury yet and they're still squatting they're very lucky yeah and I literally think it's just the luck of the draw you know or maybe it's just it hasn't hit pot up to them yeah you know yeah yeah I think too I just kind of speaking generally about you know when we're talking about like variations uh Cain's question that he had I think just kind of something that crossed my mind is for the vast majority of training I think just keeping your feet in what what feels like the most like your standard stance is going to do the majority of the of the work right there don't force your stance yeah it's like a central yeah yeah yeah that's how I'm getting that man I think the altering and stuff I mean sure you can do some little tweaks to it and stuff here and there and like you said Andrea you're bringing the feet way down but go really much lighter that's not your meat and potato so like that's not you know the foundation so it's like you know these things are and I think Cain gets that too these things are in addition but I guess I just wanted to kind of make sure that I I said it too for maybe anybody who's listening to this or watching this that is pretty new. So I think you're one more thing yeah because there are gems all over the place I'm sure that we continue throwing them but at the top of your squat at the top of your leg press it's top of your hacks wide no matter what the squat is you're doing you should be able to hold a pencil long ways linked wise wait what not this way it should be able to hold it I want to make sure no one misunderstood you should be able to hold a pencil in the cracking your ass you're good should be contracted at the top of any squat they should be contracted and if they're not you can't hold a pencil like you can't think like what I'd be able to hold a pencil right now in the cracking my ass then you don't have enough glue activation you're not contracting your glutes hard enough at the top they're not doing enough work and that I think that's leg press that's any type of squat I mean there may be something one type of squat that I can't think of on top of my head that might somebody might say well wouldn't be for this well okay you fucking win but the large majority of you should be able to hold a pencil in the cracking your ass. Well and if your glutes aren't activated on top of the glass what what's going on? what's going on? You lower back. So your whole thing up up a more injury that way you know you've got to do the tie in your point right there so yep yeah listen if guys are listening to this you're listening on our new RSS feed think big body building media if you were watching this on YouTube we appreciate having you along and if you haven't hit that subscribe button yet please do because we've got a bunch more shows coming out here I want to think our sponsor turnutrition.com now that I'm getting back into training I'm looking forward to getting back on my parian de and everything else I use from them they've got everything from sports supplements to high quality multivitemens everything you can think of check them out use our code advices check out skip at team skip.com and you and you do you have a website or do you suggest people reach out to you? what's your what's your site? uh Instagram is fine bodyberry.com is my website or gmail my emails right on my Instagram so but yeah thank you. Excellent and you guys know how to reach me here at the channel or feel free to drop me an email and make nanny diets at gmail.com guys this is a really a nice pleasure I really enjoyed talking and sitting here and just talking training with you guys for a while especially considering I haven't been able to train hard I'm glad to be kind of thinking about it again and thank you guys for firing me up I appreciate it. Nope same here I want to get back to leg training myself so talking about it gets me all excited a couple more weeks I should be able to get back to work so we'll see. Right on thanks guys. And everybody everybody the live feed we appreciate you and FI I and Drew had a delay so we appreciate you working with the delay and Drew. designed sir...