So I think it's a good thing for body builders, that especially in our day and age, the cycle on and on and on, have periods of time where we're cruising and doing everything we can to make sure the body is ready for the next cycle, so you get the most out of it. And yeah, so the SS31 was part of the first four weeks at two milligrams and I brought my SLU down to I think 750 micrograms. And now I pulled the SS31 and I'm on 10 milligrams a day of SLU now. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Barry, I've Scott McNally and Oliver programming is brought to you by Patreon. Thank you guys for your support over there. I'll have links below to Patreon. We've got some Patreon stuff today. We're brought to you by Trinutrition.com. Use our code think over there for all your basic body building supplements like protein powder, get the team skip blend, create and interwork out, all that kind of stuff. Use code think to get some additional savings, help support the programming and we are brought to you by supplementsource.ca for our Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. We're going to cover a bunch of listener questions today. Skip Andrew and I have been coaching for a long time. We're basically just here to share our experience with you guys. Hopefully it can help you be better at this sport that we all freaking love. Well, most of us love Skip does it out of obligation. So he doesn't want to say anything. That's right. But he doesn't want to say anything. What was that question that I had texted you guys? And this is just something random. Normally we take all our questions off YouTube and on a Patreon. But I wanted to dig into this one a little bit further. It's kind of just off the cuff. Somebody had said an Instagram DMs. He was like, what's a good cycle for building night in Noms? I put that word in his mouth. He just said, what's a good cycle without shutting you down? And I was like, oh, you do have it. I was looking for it. I was scrolling through. What did I say? You said I think it was GH and insulin? Yeah. Yeah, buddy. And after my while that comes, yeah. Next question. No, I mean, I mean, because I guess we should explain whenever you're putting an endogen exogenously into your body, it's going to shut down to some extent, your endogenous production of testosterone. So to what extent? Because I have seen some people that didn't have much of a shutdown or didn't have full extent shutdown. But I think if you looked at the average person, pulled their testosterone if they were taking it. And then tested their blood, their testosterone levels like two weeks later, they would be completely in the pence. Yeah. No. OK. So is there any benefit of the little things? Is there going to be any benefit to people? They're like, oh, man, I use alkaline. I use things that help my pump like Cialis. Stuff like that. Are you going to get, is there going to be any kind of benefit to that long term? Like, say, ingeros, like, all right, listen, OK, I got the growth hormone. I got the insulin. I'm going to run those things. What if I stacked five milligrams of Cialis with that every day? And I used 600 milligrams of alkaline. What am I going to get additionally out of that? Like, will it make a difference? Yeah. I mean, it makes a difference the same way as someone who's taking it when they're geared up, right? You're taking the car and a team for both cognitive and for some fat loss benefits. And arguably some glycogen sparing benefits. I always had monster pumps when I would use it, especially in contest prep. And then the Cialis, you're getting more vasodilation. So you're going to get better pumps in the gym, which feasibly, if you're getting a better pump, you're going to be training a little bit better. You're going to need more out of your training and make it more gained. So yeah, definitely. Did somebody ask about creatiners, well, creatiners? I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I have that are conflating. You're talking to me. Yeah. Questions. But I thought part of that was creatin. But I could be wrong because I had come across a question recently, with probably within the last few days of, you know, do I take creatiners when I'm on a cycle because of pro-toming that? Maybe it was on the page. I think it was a question on the page. OK. And, you know, the answer to that is just if I'm not a big fan of creatiners, I've come around within the last six, eight months, because I figure anything that's going to help even a little bit, whether I'm on or I'm off, especially when insulin is involved and and everything else is being taken. Like it's super cheap. Yeah, at the very least, it's not going to hurt anything. So I put creatiners back in and I did notice. And I need great pumps. I can be on running on no carbs. And I can get a damn good pump. It just takes a little bit longer. And I better move quickly between sets because it'll go way a lot faster, which I think everybody can relate to. But I did notice when I put creatiners in my interest, especially after not using it for years. I'm like, you know what? There's something here. So I'm going to keep this in, considering it's so cheap. And I'm just putting it in my intro. Well, and that proves your teacher. Well, another thing. Your teacher. Because you used to be like, I hate, you know, there's no sense, man. I take real gear. You know, I think when I first met you skip, I think you said, ah, help the supplements are garbage or something like that. Well, I'm not big on a lot of, you know, the OTC supplementary. And I think it's in part not because they don't help. But I think the main reason is as too many of us give too much attention to it. Like it's going to do significantly significantly more than what it actually looks. So I think that my message to my clients was always look, there's all these things that you're going to get this much out of if money is tight, these aren't deal-maker deal-breaker type things. But I think you could take that there are those little benefits to this. You could take like all these things on one side. I'm picturing a meme right now. Like the, you know, create an O-carnity in GH insulin, all this stuff, and then like a bottle of test over here. In an E equals like one tenth of one CC of one test. Well, and that was more of my point. I get it. You're over here. I'm gear and you're doing all this stuff. This is just very, very minor minor. I guess, Joe. And I get from this standpoint of you saying, not trying to nickel and dime your clients to death, you know, every supplement out there that might impart this benefit. I got it. But to get back to the question Scott, I'm thinking, you know, there's other classes of supplements that we're now taking the slues, you know, the mucy's and stuff. And I don't, the guy didn't give us more direction on what is actual goals were. But right, you know, if he's trying to prepare as metabolism and get a metabolic boost, then yeah, I think a lot of these things, the five of them, you know, one MQ, SLUPP, MOTC, one of my forgetting. I mean, I could keep rattling off initials all day. But yeah, I do think though, if you're someone, I like, I don't want to have any shutdown whatsoever. I would definitely maybe use a natural supplement to make sure you're maximizing your testosterone. Okay. Okay. So, and even if it's not natural, like, you know, I've got a guy that uses 50 migs of clome at a day and his testosterone is like 150. Yeah. And he's in his 40s, you know. So maybe if that, if that was your goal to make sure you're producing the much natural testosterone as possible, using something like that, and then supplementing with GH and so on, and then some of these other peptides that we've been mentioning. Yep. Thank you back question for that. Why are we so focused as an industry on HCG when clomid works so incredibly long? I think because the clomid has more side effects. Yeah. I'm clomid. I found, have you guys experimented with end clomophane? Side effects? I think it's a lot lower. It is a little lower, but that is a good question, those yeah, I just, because I've told my clients, I'm like, look, and I've always seen maybe you guys see it this way, maybe you don't. So I see HCG is more, if you're not going to, like, I don't think, I think I don't say it's worth it. I think if HCG is used correctly, and I'm in support of it and I advocate for it, it's during a cycle when someone is going to come off and not come off to TRT, but come off completely and they're younger. Maybe they haven't had kids yet, you know, they want to get back to that endogenous, you know, they want their HTPA to come back online, where these days, it's come down off cycle, go to TRT. If that's what you're doing in your older, I mean, don't even bother with that. But I push my clients in the direction of clomid versus HCG, and I don't, sorry, normally I'm mute my mic, but I couldn't get to a fast enough. HCG for PCT, I'm not a fan. I think if you're not running, HCG, just don't run it for PCT, and I tell my clients that a lot, are you guys on the same boat or no? Well, I think it's rare that I get somebody that wants to do a PCT. But like I did up one of my Asian clients message me today and wanted to do that. And so I have them on 1500 units of HCG three days a week, and then 75 HCG, milligrams of HMG twice a week. So yeah. But I have a guy, I'll come and say it, but I did say, you know, if you can get some clomid phenus well, let me know. I think it was a little harder to find over there. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we've got like research and all that that makes it like easier. I was going to mention that I'm working with a guy who we first of all made incredible progress on cycle and the guy's been a TRT everything and then his wife decided, well he and his wife decided like, hey, we want to have a kid, right? So he goes through a fertility program. So he was using his protocol, I just texted them to ask him, clomid daily, HMG, and HCG along with Elkarnitine and Ash, we got it. There was some studies on Elkarnitine and fertility. So they made it work and he's going back on or he went back on as of this week. But there was like a five-month period that he was literally off everything. And now we started working together and I kind of tightened him down a little bit and then we pushed him up a good deal. Still had abs, was his like heaviest way, strongest effort, best training of his life, and then he dropped that bomb on me. Like, oh, I'm going to come off everything, right? And I'm like, oh, shit, you know, this is not going to be good. Like I think he was like around 1.90, 1.900 with abs. And now five, six months later he's also 1.90, 200 with abs. Like what's better condition? Yeah. Well, conditioning kind of, like because I kept the food up high because I didn't want him to lose size. You know what I mean? Well, he was off. So we just kind of, and we did like, we started tightening down. But when we did, I found he just started becoming a smaller version of himself. So I was like, you know what, let's not do this off everything. And we just, you know, he kept staying, he stayed strong throughout, he kept progressing in the gym. And my point being, I guess, that like, man, it's, uh, it's a big, like, mind-fuck for us to come off everything, right? But he did incredible job with it. And he still felt okay too with all that stuff in play. Can't believe people still put family before body-brewing. Come on. No, and I think people would be surprised to how many people have come to me as clients and said, okay, my wife says she wants to have a kid, she put up with the prep. So this is, you know, even though they're going to go to offseason push. And they, and I'm always supportive of a PTC or PCT when the client is on board with that. I just, I give my opinion and I say, you know, it's, there was body building before all these PCTs. And I don't like proactive PCT. If you don't know, you need it, then don't do it. But in situations like that, I'm never going to get in front of a client and talk them out of doing something like that when there can be in some that is going to help. Does it help? Does it not? I don't know, but I will tell you this. I have a lot of clients over the years, a lot who within the first couple months, that PCT or anything else hasn't even really taken much of an impact yet and their thousands pregnant. So you'd be surprised. I was on a cycle for, yeah, I give beta upon this all the time. For three and a half years straight. As my blood markers were great and everything else. And by and arguably my wife was a pair of menopausal. So when she was not feeling well and she went to the doctor and she was pregnant, I remember thinking, oh, bitch, that is so not mine. What are you doing? But there's a lot of stories like that where there is a your, you know, geyser mid cycle and they've just come off cycle. They've got crap testosterone levels and they can see without any problem. Now my daughter has an arm coming out of her forehead. But that's, you know, we love her just this money. What thing we got to pay attention to this sperm test, sperm motility, sperm number, you know, because that's what actually gets people pregnant with women pregnant. You know, it's not the testosterone, right? And right exactly. But even motility, I would take motility over sperm count and you'll a lot of people go, oh, oh, oh, oh, but if they have ss on their chest and they got capes, it might not take a lot of them to get there. They're strong. You know what I do and I encourage a lot of my younger guys because of PED culture now, you know, I mean, skip Scott me we've been on for, don't skip you been on for 40 years, 50 years now. Yeah, I'm pretty fine. I've been on for like 62 years. Yeah. So point being is we have life time of potential shutdown. I encourage the younger guys when they're off cycle to actually go and free sperm and if they do have that option to make sure it's 100% that option for them, get that taken care of on our way. Man. Yeah, I mean, it's, you know, it's not free, you know, but it's, you know, to hold on and keep your sperm. I think it's worth it. Hey, uh, on the topic of things you can take the don't you shut you down, stuff on said does cleanse shut you down. No, Clint doesn't shut you down. What do you guys think of though of the, you know, you hear some people say that Clint is anti-cata ballac. Do you guys have any anecdotal experience that would say you agree with that? What increases protein synthesis? So at the same time you're getting leaner. I mean, I don't know, at least on paper it looks great. If I was natural, I was trying to skirt things. I don't know. Maybe a little bit of Clint butter on there might not be a bad idea. I think more so on women, the males. I think I've seen the antibiotic effect is terribly, it's the green tea of getting lean. Don't you don't you don't green tea my friend? I think I'm so healthy because I've done two cups of green tea almost every day, you know, my adult life. I don't know if I can play health with getting here, Jimmy, come on now. I've a friend of mine. They prescribed him. He went through a study with Albuter all and they allowed him to keep taking it after the study. He got benefits from it for his muscular dystrophy. So I figured that's my bro, logic says, well, I'll be at a club, butter. I do think I'm with you. I've seen that in a dieted female or like smaller men's physique natural guys, where there's just some additional pop that I don't know if we would have been able to maintain in the muscle otherwise. I think there's something to it but not to the point where a license is going to get you job of it. Well, I mean, it does in a indirect way stimulate mentor and then it also stimulates like a protein kinase reaction which I don't remember. I'd have to look it up but it's not to the point like it's even remotely similar to any of the other anoboc agents we have. What there is a potential anoboc agent. Oh, and I think it also proliferates satellite cells too. Haven't been thinking about my head. So okay. And that's why I think you'll see more of an effect in females than you in terms of muscle preservation or even slight enabillism than males because males are used to having a much larger dose of testosterone support, muscle mass, even if you never take steroids, versus females that have a lot lower levels of the interest in their system. I found and we already mentioned growth like out the gate but when we're talking between cycles for me, growth hormone was a game changer when I actually came off came off for being able to maintain pumps and really being able to like keep the volume in the muscle. I and I think there was a mental edge to it too when you're still getting the gear like pumps when you're not on cycle anymore, you know. Yeah. And not dieting when you come on. Yeah, you touched on that earlier Scott. I just think it's a there are bad times to diet and that's one of them. Yeah. If we had a question. I have a great time on TRT right now. Are you putting up huge numbers, cut my training back considerably? You know, I hate to go down that path because people just don't want to listen to it about how calories are so anobolic but man. I love TRT phases. I don't dislike being on cycle. Don't get me wrong. But I love TRT phases because I feel so much about even at a higher weight. I feel better. My sleep is better. My HRV is better. My heart rate is lower. Um, resting heart rate and I'm just strong. And I just love the skin splitting pumps. If I don't look my- look at myself in the mirror, I just think I've got a great physique. Well, I'm trying to try to avoid all those mirrors. You heard of here first. Gips never going to go on cycle again. He's going to TRT for the rest of his life. It's a great- it's the grass is always greater though. After a few months of being on top right here, TRT till February. I spend more time on TRT now than I ever have in the past. I've been on for about a year straight. So I love it. I've been on so much better. I don't. I've been off to TRT now. I do. I- six weeks. Six weeks now I've been off to TRT now. And by off to TRT. Off to your team. Oh. On some- yeah. On some. I started some DHB. And after we remember when Matt Marshall was uh, getting our UC summa. So he did great with it by the way. We're getting labs done again probably this week. He just finished his contest season. If we- I think we're going to talk about clients a little at the end. I got that picture that I showed you guys at him. Like he- he did good. Everything like health markers looked good. Um, mine have been good so far. I'm only running between like a hundred to 200. I think I'm settling it like one 50 a week. So it's like a good- oh god. What do you guys think of this one though? Here's a- a- a- a- a guess a cycle planning contest prep planning question from Cameron over on Patreon. This is question for Blood Sweat and Gear or drugs and stuff. You got- you got Blood Sweat and Gear. He says, hey guys, huge fan of everything that you do. I stumbled onto the podcast and Spotify maybe a couple weeks ago and I binged everything and I'm working backwards into May at this point. My question for you is I'm finishing up a serious cut using 300 test 300 pre-mo 50 var for the first six weeks in last four weeks. 25 then uh 25 then 50 then 75 on T3. So T3 was 25 then 50 then 75 at the end. But now my question is, do you believe that I have time to do a real bulk before a contest? Next one is in May of next year but I want to compete in classic and I'm 165 about 8% body fat at 5-8 and want to get into the high 170s at the least to be competitive for it. So we're recording this in September. He's talking next May. Not a lot of time there. What reversing out? What is that answer how many months? It's about eight months. Uh, whoops. He's leaning around all the way. Like he's at he was pretty pretty peeled at this moment at 165. Well, 8% I guess he's already not using a one. So I have to assume his health is probably in a pretty good spot. So I don't know if you guys have ever done this but I and I'm sure skip you'll probably say you have because you said you did a three-year cycle. I mean, there were times where I do a 20 week off season cycle and then oh wait, my show's 20 weeks away. Time to start my prep cycle and and then I'd run a rebound after that and it'd be next year you know, I've been on for 52 weeks and my lab's weren't horrible you know. But I'm wondering if because he was taking such a low amount in my opinion, if he could just kind of bridge it and maybe okay, cut all your doses in half, keep your conditioning nice, maybe not 6% lean but maybe 8% solely build your calories up and focus on positive progress, not the scale. Meaning don't think of some magical number. I got to be 20 pounds heavier before I start my prep or whatever you know. Because when someone says like, I want to be this weight when I'm on stage next time I'm like, all right, well wish in one hand and shit in the other and see which fills up first. You know, it's like, you know, I'm saying it's, yeah, I mean it's like, you know, it's, it's like, yeah, I wanted to be 285 pounds on stage 3% lean but you know, it wasn't meant for me. So, I'm not shit in another the other. I like that. Right, never heard that one. No, I never heard that one. Oh Billy Bob Thornton's got a great, when he, you know, Billy Bob Thornton when he had this. No, he says it in, uh, batter Santa. You guys see that one? No. Oh yeah. Oh, and I'm waiting on land man. I'm sure you are too. Got about another month. Excellent show. Yeah. Great. It's one of the rest. But um, yeah. So I, I don't think he needs to think of all that bulking and cutting. It's like ride your conditioning. And I assume this might be his first show. See, as those as those are very moderate. Just ride this out. Get your labs done. Make sure your healthy. Maybe cut your doses in half. Feed your calories up a little bit but maintain good conditioning. And then you're not going to have to do much work to get in shape. And then don't have this expectation of what the scale is going to say when you get on stage, you know. And when it comes to like, making weight for classic, you're not out of the ballpark where you're like, stage lean and are in 20 pounds over your cap. You're going to be able to make weight. Like you'll find, you can hire a coach to help you figure out how to make weight. If that's the only thing you need, because there's a lot of tricks and stuff we can do that don't even involve dioretics to make sure. It's only a 165 at 5.8. So he's got a lot of real weight. He's got like when when 92. Yeah. He's, yeah, he's a percentage. So I mean, if he's pretty damn lean, you know, he could reverse out even 10 pounds carefully and he's going to have very similar condition, probably coming out of a cut. So, you know, it was filling out there, you know, coming out of that cut phase. The other thing I guess I would ask him is, are you ready to do a contest? Meaning, like, if, you know, because I had to explain this to someone the other day who says, what can I do to win my next show? And they're 165 pounds in bodybuilding. And I'm like, like, I got news for you, you're not going to win your next show even if it's two years away, because you're 165 pounds. And guys in that weight class don't win bodybuilding shows typically. It's a very rare thing, you know, you typically are at least the light heavy in those 190s to the heavy weights, the super heavy weights, in condition of win shows. So really I would focus more on progress. And, and that might mean not competing. Just going, taking a nice little d-load or riding this, this, this bridge that I was talking about and then jumping back on cycle and just making these nice, um, cycle jumps in terms of muscle mass accumulation. I think the only way to guarantee that you're going to win a show is to Jeff Goulouli, every potential competitor, because you don't know who's going to show up. I don't like that approach. I've never really, yeah, I never like that either. It's like just come at it from the perspective of, I just want to put the best package on stage that I possibly can't see where the chips fall. Because there's nothing else you can do. You don't know who's going to show up. I told a story on another podcast the other day about I brought a really good heavyweight into a show back in 2015, the Connecticut Montenarys Classic. And he looked like a guy that was ready to win a show. He was, you know, right, I think he was two, 19 to two, 20. So at the top end of the of the heavies, he was in condition, glutes, abs, everything in nice and tight. And we're sitting there and he's pumping up. And there's this one of his bandach gentlemen who's sitting in the corner, who's not pumping up, not even putting oil on, not doing anything. And didn't even stand up until they said, heavyweight's line it up time ago. He stood up, takes a shirt off, turns around, and it's Justin Lewis Rodriguez, future I have VV Pro who got his good pro card later on that year. I looked at my buddy, man, and I'm like, congrats me in your getting second today. And the look on his face was like pissed off on my dude. This guy's going to be pro this year. Like, and so my point is is that you just don't know what Freak needs to show up to get a qualification to go into a national show. And yeah, that might, you might fall victim to that. But you come back, come back to it again. And maybe it'll be your day, you know. Study show creatin doesn't just fuel your muscles, fuels your brain, research links creatin to improved memory, focused and mental clarity, especially while under stress, and helps reduce mental fatigue, supports learning, and may even protect long-term brain health. I order my creatin from true nutrition, use code think it check out to get 10% off and support this podcast. Power your body and your mind with true nutrition creatin. By the way, this is my actual morning routine, mixing 15 grams of creatin into my oats. No flavor, no texture. And hey, since I got married, we stored in this fancy jar so it doesn't look like my wife lives with a bro. But hey, if you're single, just leave it in the bag on the counter. It's totally fine. Anyone here have, this is just a question from the group. Anyone here have success with us as 31. And if so, what dose did you run it? I imagine skip you have an experiment with it. But, Andrew, I think you probably have gotten into it at this point. I have. I just did four week out of it. And I'm trying to look up my doses real quick, because I forget I've thought I'm going to head on, unfortunately. I was doing two milligrams daily. And what is it good for? You know, my de-conjure repair, reactive oxygen species clean up. I definitely saw an enhancement in endurance in terms of cardiovascular and just not getting tired, you know, staying up all day and doing tons of shit and not getting fatigued, you know? Coat has the same thing. Oh, I mean, the caffeine, can I do you guys? I'm glad I clearly have that. Tommy James chimed in and he said two milligrams had me feeling like I could see inside the core of the universe. I didn't feel that good. I didn't feel that good. I didn't feel that good. I felt that good either. I'm using it now. And I found, so I backed off my dose of SLU and I'm using it in conjunction. And my thought was, is that if you're getting, so if we're really upregulating, my de-conjure will function and we're getting a lot more byproduct from that that having the SS31 in is probably going to be into my benefit. So I, and I do find that there is a nice synergy with them together. So it's a good, it's a good combo. I'm only using one milligram though. And I'm trying to, my goal has been to use this little as I can that way I can make the vial last longer, you know what I mean? And for me, I started at 500 micrograms and I was like, okay, get a little something from that and I had stopped the SLU at that time. I wanted to just test it on its own. But now I'm, I've felt it to one and I'm like, one is good for me, along with 250 micrograms SLU. I was doing, so I worked with several peptide experts over the last couple months to come up with a really good mitochondrial regeneration and then receptor regulation plan to get ready for another cycle. You know, I think it's a good thing for bodybuilders that, especially in our day and age, the cycle on and on and on, you know, have periods of time where we're cruising and doing everything we can to make sure the body is ready for the next cycle so you get the most out of it. And yeah, so the SS31 was part of the first four weeks at two milligrams and I brought my SLU down to a, I think 750 micrograms. And now, I pulled the SL, I pulled the SS31 and I'm on 10 milligrams a day of SLU now. And so you're really rampant at huh? Dude, I'm running hot like all day. I feel like I'm on, like, I don't have the stimulant effect of clen, my skin is hot. Like I'm sweating through t-shirts and stuff again. Like it feels like like contest-rap, you know, like when I'm like just really on all the stuff. So I had one of my guys, a lot of the starts when I do it. I've been going through like 10 extra of these guys. I believe it, man. I had one of my guys bumped up to a milligram and a half from I think it was using like 500 and then he ended up getting like these 500 microgram caps and he went to a thousand one to 1500. He didn't tell me at first. He was just like he just started doing it. And without changing anything else in a growth phase, he just started getting leaner, leaner, leaner, and leaner. So it doesn't surprise me. One thing I want to point out is I also, in that first phase, I was doing really high dose, methylene blue, 120 milligrams a day. And yeah, I was saying, hi, that in conjunction with NAD+. That gave me such bad tacky cardio that like I would do a set in the gym, not even like a bicep curl set. And my heart rate was like, yeah, to the point where I'm like, I'm glad this four weeks is done because I'm done using this stuff. Or I'm going to pull it myself. You know, that's why let you guys experiment with that stuff these days. Because there's so much out honestly, there's so much out there that like I'm looking at it going, if I was to try everything, I mean, we're going to come across a supplement at some point. It's just bad. Yeah. And I don't want anything to happen to you guys, but I'm not sitting over here these days going, man, I got to try every new thing. It's out. No, I'll let everybody else experiment. And if I start hearing good things about it, then I'll jump on your toes. You've been the pack leader enough. It's time to look like that. Yeah. It's kind of like when you're a race car. And you're, it's time to let someone else and I'll draft off of you for a little while. You're right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I can't remember if I mentioned it before. I'll do methylene blue at a low low dose, like five to ten milligrams. Yeah, I'm back down to ten. Okay. And I'll use it infrequently. And for me, it's when I notice that I feel like my breathing isn't going to be great because I'll use it to be able to it can help to rewire that whole like the respiratory chain. But there has been thought too that like if you're, if you're already wired properly, like if you're heartbeats properly, if your respiratory chain works properly, then maybe we aren't the smartest to think that we're going to do better than what our body already knew. You know what I mean? So I'm kind of like, I don't want to use it full time even though it does help my breathing. No question when I use it. I think, I don't know if I was asked in one of my stories like who would be the best candidate for these things. You know, these might have controlled repair supplements and and I'm like, well, I would say you get people that are compromised, but also probably not people in the bodybuilding population who already take care of themselves with cardio, trainies. You know what I mean? Because we're already exercising, we're already working our heart and circulatory system at a much higher level than the average public. It's the average person who doesn't ever go to the gym or do any type of cardiovascular work that eats processed foods and stays up late at night. It doesn't get a lot of sleep. Those are the people that probably need this one. I need to process over ideas very good either. If you have mitochondrial supplement, mitochondrial supplement benefits mitochondria, maybe we should not be piling these on each other. You know, yeah. That's how my brain works. I'm like, I wanted a time. Yeah, maybe I'll give that a shot. But if this does this and this does that, and that was part of my issue during prep of going, you know, when you guys are saying, that's all you. Yeah, I was hearing great things about it. I'm like, I got a ton of shit here that I don't really care to throw another log on the fire at this point. And when I did, I didn't notice anything, which does not mean that it didn't work. But when you're taking, you have so many variables and you throw one more and good luck of being able to really, you know, assess whether it's doing it. You just weren't taking enough gifts. You're taking it enough. I got to follow up, Andrew, to what you were saying about like would benefit the general public. Dave Crossland posed a question to me on drugs and stuff a couple weeks ago that I hadn't really thought of and I don't have a definitive answer for this. But what, let's take it in the other direction would instead of like, hey, we're already healthier. Dave's question that was posed to him was, will all of this mitochondrial enhancement and blood sugar support everything that we've gotten out of to enhance our health? Well, that allows us to use more gear without negative repercussions. That the way this could be going, you know? Yes. Yeah. I mean, look at this way. I've had several clients using just slow loan at a moderate dose under a milligrams a day. Their labs are coming back better, cycle for cycle than they were maybe a previous cycle. So I don't see it that way, though, that, you know what I mean? I see it. I'm not saying we should. Yeah, I see it. It's like, oh, then my brain didn't even go there. My brain was like, oh, that means we can do just as well with last. No, I agree with that statement. I agree with that statement, but I do think stuff like slew has a health and party benefit that would allow someone to feasibly not to say that more gear is going to get you better results. I'm not going to say that. I'm saying it could allow someone to attempt to take more gear and probably have similar lab values. Not saying they're going to be great lab values, but it's not going to get worse, I guess. Yeah. By the way, I got my, I got my, my cardio, excuse me, my calcium scoreback. So I am, no, I'm not a zero. I'm a zero, zero, 10.50. So I'm a 10.55, which is pretty damn good. Ron, I mean, he was a 30 and it made me feel a lot better to hear of some pros that were in the 300's. Yeah, for two bad stories. Yeah. Yeah. So I still, I talked to Dante and I was like, hey, if I'm a 10.5, he was like, oh, this is optimally. This is fantastic man. But he gave me some supplements, suggestions, including I do 1200 citrus bergamot. He's suggested to increase that to 2000. So that really makes me feel good because I've been doing 2400 milligrams of such a burger amount for years and I've never talked Dante about that. I've never said to my labs. We have conversations about stuff, but it's never been about my labs. And to hear of that someone I respect for knowing health, say to you, like, why don't you double that dose? It's going to help you out a little bit more. Makes me feel like smart, I guess, that I inherently did that on my own. Yeah. So yeah, that's cool. See, that was weird here. And I got to say, I take a shit on health supplements. I mean, probably 40 pills a day. Yeah. Yeah, I'm up there as well. I use the liquid citrus bergamot. Do you? Yeah. What brand? Well, I think it's Hawaii farm. Is there a benefit of the liquid? It's supposed to be a higher quality form. It's I keep it refrigerated. I also get my stragglers from the same place. I'm pretty sure it's the same place after check. It is not cheap. So it's a it's suspended in like a life-aligned or alcohol. Rice, something. I can't. Like rice vinegar? I don't know. I just know it's not alcohol because I not that I am sober or anything else, but I don't drink. So if I use like a, I don't know, a Romusen or something like that that's a liquid and it has alcohol and it just fries my throat because we don't use to that. I'm not a, you know, shots kind of guy and I'm not, I'm not familiar with that. They're not retained for me. So I don't know. But forced time. You has one for us. NAC being taken alongside a cycle, including orals. Apparently works against the orals. You guys have any insight on why recently learned this and have dug into it, haven't dug into it further. It probably is the first part. I'm sorry. NAC counteracting the benefits you get from orals. My brain's going to fog you right now, but the, the enzymatic pathway it probably shuts down the enzymatic pathway that allows the metabolism of the orals steroid in the, in the first pass, the liver. Okay. All I know is the antibiotic. That's a seat versus a world. All right. I'm going to Google this. I can tell you one thing, NAC could interfere with muscle gain in general. Any powerful, any accident could interfering with the inflammatory reaction that we're going to get from training. Scott Stevenson and I did a whole, like a kind, I'd call it like a series of episodes. It was like three episodes where we talked about NSAIDs and, and muscle building. And then we broke it down into supplements and muscle, excuse me, any accident supplement building or excuse me, any accidents, and anti inflammatory supplements in muscle building. And really it just comes down to timing in that regard. I can tell you that that said, it's not about reducing inflammation or having inflammation. It's about the right dose. So even though we all used to freak out thinking that ibuprofen is going to ruin your gains, they also have done studies with geriatric patients where ibuprofen improved their gains. Because they, you know, as we age, we end up with inflant more inflammation. And that's kind of like the disease state of aging. So by bringing inflammation down in those people, they grew better. So from that respect, at least, that would be one way, you know, that it would interfere. I remember telling you Scott that I was taking ibuprofen, I don't usually take it. I was taking it for something. I don't know if it was when I had my knee injury or what and you were like, and I'm, you know, exaggerating a little bit, but you're like, you take ibuprofen or you work out? I was like, what the fuck? I didn't even know what to say. Like, well, I have to because I can't turn it without any right now. Yeah, I tried to tie it even when I've needed it, but yeah, I believe me I've been there too. It was called like five years of working for seven out. Do you find anything Azure? Some light stuff connected to the CYP450 enzyme pathway, which is used to break down or metabolize something. You know, if I've alkalated steroids, I'm not seeing any research papers on it, though. That's the thing. Okay. Yeah, I'm going to say maybe, but I don't know. Just take more antifer. No. No. No. No. No. All right. How about this one? What's an ideal reading for estrogen wall and cycle? Should it be above the normal reference range? I ask because you were discussing it on a recent show and mine has always been quite high, but without sides. Then it's perfect. And I think you said one time, Andrew, and I like that you said it, but quickly, if I'm wrong, I'm pretty sure it was you. I don't want you to say you lean towards whether they're symptomatic before the number and I was like, thank you. But if we have to put a number on it, I do fall back to, I'll come on. Don't screw it up, skip. Doctor, who's the Swiss doctor? Um, Serrano? Yeah. Thank you. God. I get it. How did I know you're going to say? I'm not sure. What is the, it's just terrible. But the 21 ratio that just stuck in my head, I didn't have to make a note of it when he was talking to Mike. I'll remember that one. And I like that because if you're running a test level that's, you know, 2500, versus whether you're running a test, you know, those blood panels come back with parameters or for the average person. We don't get blood panels to go. The average person and then if you're a bodybuilder, and that's why you have creatinine and and bun levels that are going to be elevated in a range. And if you go back 15, 20 years, doctors would freak out at that. You, you know, you were in kidney failure, headed to kidney failure. And then they finally realized, oh, I guess there are different numbers that, you know, you train hard. And it's the same thing with estrogen. So you get someone who's on, you know, 25, their testosterone levels, examples, who will just make it a number 3000 or a number arbitrary number. Well, if you're at 30 or 28, then arguably that could be too low based on the 21 ratio number. So as the testosterone level goes up, your estrogen level can go up, provided that you're not, that you're not symptomatic. You are your asymptomatic. You don't have, you know, itchy nipples. And, you know, the things of that nature, you don't cry when you watch blue bloods. I'm stuck on blue bloods right now. How I did not find this show before I don't know. But anyway, well, let's take your, let's say, most guys get around 3000 nanograms for deceler with an healthy cycle using that 21 ratio. That would put the E2 at 150 to be, I think most guys are going to see some side effects at 150 just in my experience. So I mean, the main thing is, I guess I'm not completely sold on that 21 ratio. I mean, it was a, maybe even, even, meaning like a T or T or high, because you could talk about, it's not going to get as high then, right? You know, if you're, if your test is a thousand, then the 21 ratio is going to be pretty manageable. Yeah. If your test is 900, that means that your E2 should be around 45 for that 21 ratio, which is completely normal and with in range. And I don't think 99% of guys are going to have side effects or issues at an E2 level at 45. I'm most people getting a read of 5000 or 6, I know we've seen it. I've seen it. You've seen it. Oh, yeah, I have plenty of times. I mean, well, I remember I'm thinking back to Dallas, Macarver. Do you guys remember seeing his labs? His test last row was 45,000. Yeah, I remember that was ridiculous. It was ridiculous. I mean, that that puts his E2 in the thousands. Okay, there are outliers. I'm not talking about none. I'm sorry, it puts it at 2500. Like, I think you're going to be symptomatic at 2500 with your E2. Well, you said argue that you'd be symptomatic at 45,000 for tests out, or you could just take the, you know, the estrogen out of the equation. You're going to have a lot of bad signal in some of that bad shit is insane muscle growth. That's the side effect you got. Question for the next podcast for all of you. This could be a fun one. If you knew that you were going to have to do your last cycle, say 16 to 20 weeks, and then you'd never return to it again. You'd go off cycle or go to TRT. But you could do your last cycle of your life in fulfill your fantasy, taking your favorite compounds, a combination that you were afraid to try, or whatever. But now you can do it with no regrets. What would that last cycle look like? I mean, the question doesn't make sense to me because I wouldn't have any regrets with the cycle I would do. I think we already kind of did those cycles. You know, yeah. Yeah, I don't really, I don't know if I mean, I could stay where I'm at right now, never do a cycle again or real cycle. You know, I could stay at 100 ms a test a week. You think that maybe it's a the kind of thought that would be geared towards somebody who was like, still in it deep with gear. You know, I remember what I was going to say actually, is that I already know that my dream cycle isn't going to give me the effects of my dreams. So, you know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, there's no cycle I could put together that would make me the bodybuilder I wanted to be. And I think I learned fairly young, you know? You know, you get what I'm saying? Like there's no amount of gear I could take. So, okay, I got one for you. So, I can't really run any queue now at this point. Like, I couldn't do a massive cycle with it. I know that my hematocrit would get high. Now, me actually following through with this, can we also have something where I don't have to take all the shots? Because I'm kind of overtaking all the shots. Otherwise, if we've got like no health things whatsoever, I'll take like maybe we'll go with like 1.5 grams of test, 1000 EQ, and we'll go with 20 units of growth for the next 20 weeks. Maybe you will layer some orals into that on and off as long as I don't get a sex from them either. Injectable deep all. Oh, that's that's mine. I'll do that anyway. I see I won't. I won't. I think the only way I can answer that is I would take a massive amount of growth hormone, just to see what would happen. What's massive? I when I say massive, yeah. Like, can two bottles of cereals a day? Yeah, I'm 30 seconds. Yeah, even I mean, we said there was no, you know, there are no consequences at fantasy. It's having a assume that part of that is I don't have to pay for my cereals stem. Natural, maybe I'll take three bottles. Yeah. But here's why the question isn't very fair. And I know this you know, may irritate the person in acid, but the reality is there are consequences. So it's, I understand you're saying okay, there are no consequences, but okay, I would take as much as I could possibly get in me if there was no consequence. But just like Anderson, I wouldn't expect these ridiculous, it's like we were just talking about Dallas Macarver. We can all take, we'll get our blood levels to 45,000, but are we going to benefit from it? Are we going to get big like Dallas? The chances are I don't think I'm going to because I've done some what most people would see as a grieges cycles with ridiculous, I mean, if I even mentioned the amount of trying I took this last prep, I would get blasted because you're going to die and your physique sucks and it's crap anywhere. I don't know why you would do that. I've already gotten that from a few people for the cereostin dose. So you know, like we all want to throw our cell, our neck under the guillotine here and open ourselves up. But there are consequences. That's just the reality of it. I look a lot better on that cycle though, in 20 weeks, guys like just flat out. I would, if I could handle all that, I would definitely look a lot better. I wouldn't be pro. Yeah, but the point I'm trying to convey to the listeners is that if you could drop your dream cycle, it's probably not, it's going to fall short of your dream expectations of what you're going to get out of it. It's one of those. Because if you were meant to be a top by a BB pro, muscalarity wise, you would know at a very young age. You know, by 2324, you'd be 260 with arms that are 20 inches, calves that are 21 inches, next 20 inches, rear delts that skip likes to say are the last thing that leave the room. You know, am I right? I mean, it's it's good pros or bores. They're not built and I hate to make it sound like there's not hard work involved in it. But it's, it's skip likes also say good luck picking your parents. You know, it's, it's it's a genetic game. And that's why in the last episode we talked about the Olympians, you know, we did an Olympia preview. These guys are all, they were born to be decides this shape, this symmetry, this conditioning on stage, you know, not taking away from their hard work, but I don't want people to think that they work any harder than your average local competitor that gets into great condition on stage. And what about the inflammation? I mean, I know the information I deal with when I go higher on doses. And if I were to go higher, it would just be that much worse. So they had no information. You get no information. I was that's what I said. So the next question would be well if there was no information. Thanks, MNAC. I guess we probably would, but what those doses would be, I mean, I don't know. There are Richard just a ton of shit. Let's just say this. What if you could just grow the more you took the more you got, then we would probably all take a, take a, take a time. We would take a time. But we'd already done that where there was fantasy or not. Why do you have this would gamble with that? What do you have to have gamble? That's so yeah. But first time on that list. I said about Dallas. She said, do you guys think that he was was genuinely 45K testosterone in his plasma or a misread of Andrew Jins due to the total derivatives that he was using. She said that she would have been showing it like she'd seen 800 while she was obviously nowhere close to that. Well, so that's a good question because it comes down to the testing right? And I can't remember whether it's Max-Bert's aspect versus the other testing method when it comes to like E2, if you're using tremble loan for instance, that can show up as a high E2. And I don't know, I'm not knowledgeable on which Andrew Jins and your system would come back as testosterone with different testing methods. And then we had another comments from Big Yo. He says, um, I think that the 20 to one ratio is a very real thing. I would say most people need to be between 15 to 30 to one. My estrogen is near 500 pgml, but my test level is near 10,000. And I mean, bone or city. I mean, when you're test, when your estrogen's that high, you can just suck on your own titties and you're going to get a heart attack. So I mean, he's got no issues apparently. Other than that. That's awesome. I mean, there's always outliers. There's always outliers in every situation. You know, there's some people that are fine with, uh, you know, uh, E2 of 8 and they feel great. And they feel 100%. And then there's others that, you know, you put them anything below 30. And they feel like they're lethargic and very, um, apathetic to the world, you know. So there's a big wide range. So what it be, if this is news, there's some news in the stream right now, or potential news, it could be a total rumor. If we were to put this news as the title of the show, would that be clickbait? Somebody said, guys, it seems how he doesn't have his visa for the Mr. Olympia. Just saw that on the title of some bodybuilding channels. Can someone please confirm? We looked so. Yeah. And if we find out, and this is true, can I close to this show tomorrow, where 58 minutes in, we briefly mentioned it. Well, then it kind of derails our previous episode. Yeah, that's right. I better post that now, right? Kind of. I mean, we still had what 17 other guys that were great. Also this, if hoties out of the Olympia, I feel like that boes really, really well for Nick, because he's the other guy that I was thinking about that is going that has that hard, grainy conditions look. And if you're the only guy that has that look out of the other two guys, you might stand out in a more positive way. There's that. I think our phones would be blowing up if hotie was out of the Olympia. Yeah. Let me see if someone I know knows. I don't think that's something that we would just not be aware of. And I'm not saying it's just happening right now. Exactly. And I think that's what he said. Yeah. Where did he see this? Yeah, he didn't tell us. He's told us though. He's so next strength and power. Which everybody in our live stream just left us for Nick. I don't, I don't fall like I do guys home. And it's not my style, honestly, of content. Yes, I kind of find it boring. I kind of find it boring. And I also, um, I have a hard time listening people that have never bought he built it or never competed. Talk about body builders. You know what I mean? Like I feel like I wouldn't go to. I'll explain this. I've got a couple of interesting stories where you guys are in the first story that I've got for you guys today. The breaking news that I've been seeing all over Instagram today is that hotie chupin got his visa. And also, I've seen some people report that hotie chupin is actually here in the states. Oh, that's not that he didn't get a visa. Oh wait. I just got off the phone with honey rambon who was obviously the one helping to facilitate and has been the one that facilitates this visa process with hotie. And so basically what honey told me is that no, he can confirm the visa has not been issued yet. And also, yeah, obviously that means that hotie is not here in the United States. So I've seen a couple of videos going around. So that doesn't mean he's not getting it. No, it doesn't. But you know, I think at this point in his career, hotie should apply for residency in the United States and be here year round during his body building career. You know, I mean, if you're going after the best body building title in the world, it's going to carry what is $750,000 or something like that. I think it's worth it to, you know, it's a career move to make sure that you, because he's put, let's just say he can't get in. And or even just the stress of waiting to the last minute, like three and a half weeks out, I want that visa and hand out. I want to be over here in the states acclimating to the climate, getting my sleep schedule down on Vegas time because it's probably complete opposite from where he lives. I would just have this stuff planned earlier and I know they probably work on it with the reasonable amount of time. But it's like I would apply for permanent citizenship in the United States, pay taxes in the US, you know, contribute to society and you know, have dual citizenship. What do you have any limitations coming from? Come in from? Enter these coming from? When they... No, yeah, probably, but it's like you let him in every year at the 11th hour to make it to the Olympia. And it's like, if you're going to do that every year, why don't just give the guy a six month visa so he can come over here, prepare here, and work pay taxes, and eventually maybe get full citizenship, you know? Maybe he doesn't want to because he's looking like a baller of it there, it's like an ultimate celebrity in Iran. He doesn't even. You know, he's celebrity when you go home, you know? I mean, it's to me it's just why do you play this game every year? Or maybe it's for the fans so we can speculate and have these conversations. But if I'm as coach for one thing, I want to be like dude, I want you over here three months earlier. I want us to be looking at you. I want to... You can live in my house. Will eat meals together. I'll drive you to the gym. I'll train you every day. Whatever it is, you know? That's what makes me think there are obstacles so that we may not be privy to. They only let him come over for one week after the year kind of think. There's something like that. There may, may won't be. I mean, at that point. Again, I'm guessing. I don't know. You'd be a bigger celebrity if you win versus take second and that would increase the likelihood that you, you know, if you were over here longer. I mean, I hate to sound like a, you know, Dick when I say it, but I'm pretty sure this is the card to them or the top. I mean, you know, I'm more than a top. So, kind of like when you look at it, you're like, you need more legs to a pro. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's like, oh, I didn't think of that. Yeah. Yeah. Over there. So you know what I mean? I guess I would be trying to get the minute the Olympia 2024 is over. I would get on it that next day so that I got my visa six months in advance. I know my flight date. I'm going to be in the States a month out. Yeah. I mean, if I'm hiring, I've renowned my Iranian citizenship for the time being that he's going to be in Olympia, champion, or Olympia competitor. And then just go back over there or maybe before the 2024 elections, he should have just gone to Mexico and crossed the freakin border. And because I'm sure I ran would be totally cool with him or not seeing his citizenship. Yeah. Think if they saw the bigger picture of it. I come into the United States. I know what you're saying, but I think if they saw the bigger picture of like, oh, you're going to come back. You love obviously loves Iran and that's great. You know, he should. But like why play this headache game every year? Because what if he doesn't get it? So he just spent another 18, 20 week prep. There was something that he didn't. Wasn't there? But yeah, there wasn't a year they didn't get it. So like 2019 or something or yeah. I don't remember. I mean, I mean, it's incumbent on the I at BB to be doing everything they possibly can to get them over here to work with the State Department and everything. You know, you would think that the manions would have some ends with some of the people in the high state level, you know, powerful individuals. I mean, people in big business, like, you know, they work with people. Hey, real quick. Check this out. I know those people. Yeah. Why are they? Okay. Starting left to right. We got Joe Richie. Now, Joe is a veteran and he's a guy. He had a shoulder blown off in the service and he's still been able to bodybuild. If you can tell him he's a very shoulder is right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I see it. Oh, yeah. And so, Joe, it's a class. Thank you for your service. Yeah. Thank you for your service, Joe. So Joe did something funny this year. This guy's always on top of it. But he had a son that graduated high school and was going to college and they were moving to be close to his college. And somewhere in all that process, he, he forgot that his show was four weeks earlier than it was. Also, we had to crash die at him to get him into into pretty good condition. He, he got into decent condition. This is not his normal condition. Normally, Joe is bone dry, like the most shredded guy in the show. But it was enough for class win. Yeah. And then next to her is Sierra Weekly. I coach her and both her husband. She wanted the rising Phoenix amateur wellness overall. Nice. Yeah. She did great. And this woman did she had a tip-fit fracture, not even 11 months ago, 10 months ago. And had a hard time walking and eventually, you know, wanted to prep. She's qualified for national. So we were just doing this show and then she's going to be doing national in 11 weeks. And then next to hers, Merissa Wu, who's on her fourth show with the season, she plays fifth in Probecini at the rising Phoenix slash Arizona Pro. She's got a great shape. And our feedback right now is just don't change anything about the physique. Just change the posing just a little bit. And that's the thing about the kidney man. It's so nuanced. And trying to peek these girls the exact right way. They want him, how to pose them exactly the way the judges want him. It's, it's honestly the hardest division to prepare for not in the exes and owes of drawing as fullness. But more so conditioning level and imposing. I would agree with that man. It's, it's a different animal. And it, uh, it's, I like it personally. A lot, I, I, it's funny man because I can sit there like when we were at the Arnold, everybody was like losing their attention. I was like, oh my god. Because you, there's some freaking stiff competition in that class. Oh, it's crazy. And anyone know what to say? Or wants to think that it's a not a muscular division at this point. Oh, no. They, they, they haven't been a pro bikini. Yeah. And they, they have no idea what they're, what they're talking about. And then lastly, Yulibeth Avila, She's from Kentucky, She won the Kentucky State Overall Wellness Interfer Show. So nice work, man. Thank you. It was good weekend. Nice work. I had, uh, you see Suma. We, we've talked about him. We'll say this is the, uh, this is the look, the DHB, we'll call it the DHB look. I mean, granted it was just like just peeled condition. Because you guys remember we're having that conversation like, can you get, you know, peeled without trend? That's what you don't want to tell the winners. Well, I want to tell the listeners too that the, what you're seeing on your screen doesn't capture the actual crazy condition quality that on the picture that Scott sent us when he sent us this picture. Like, it doesn't show. It doesn't show the, it doesn't show the 100%. Like, but, but even then it's still more condition than most people will ever go to the DH. So crazy, trust, just relations. Yeah. He looked on his face, uh, adds to it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's just almost like a, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This isn't it. I heard this. Yeah. He was very happy too. So he looked incredible. It was a huge, we compared to from two years ago and he's made a lot of improvements in the same show two years ago. It really nice improvements. And so we're going to try to continue to improve and bring it back next year to do it again. He's like 100%. The reason that he looks like that, you know, is because he never misses anything. It's not hard for him because he just wants to do it. You know what I mean? I want to point out to if you look at his arm. Okay. That is what Dick skin is people. Yeah. I see a lot of people tagging things on stories and like true, in Dick's skin condition. And I'm like, you got a tiny baby veins sticking out. That's cute. And this guy right here, like that is a roadmap. And those things are submerging from like they want to jump from his skin. Yeah. Yeah. He, he said I posted my state shots on Monday on Instagram and he also added, fucking late at posted the before and the after tonight. So yeah, guys, go over and follow UC summa over on Instagram to check him out. And hey, one more thing. We had that physique critique. See if I can pull that up. It's going to take me just a minute. So skip you should probably say something, you know, like, I would. But my eyes driving me nuts. You know, if I say in our team, tell us about your eye. It was a lie. I have a style in my. Just still isn't, isn't fixed yet. What was that song? It, it comes down and then I go back to the gym and it comes right back. It's almost like the pressure. Um, what a blood pressure. But you know, what, what's that? What ever listeners said it was pink eye. Is it if your eyes sticking together, skip in the comments. They said you have pink eyes. Yeah. Now I've had pink eye before, but this is definitely a style. I mean, it took up a third of my eye three weeks ago. Yeah. It was like, like, I was like, what, what is going on? Like, what the hell? But then it would, it's going down. And then it was almost gone. It went back and trained legs yesterday after three or four days off. And it wants to come back again. I don't know, God. But that's that, you know, you wake up in the morning and you open your eye. And it's like, it's not. It was like, I was like, entertain us. You know, tell it. You were like, well, I'm rubbing my eye. I was like, well, tell us about your eye. I was trying to get fill. And you actually, you did it. But you actually managed to fill two for us. You're going in. All right. I got these pictures. So this is one of our listeners' wives. And I'm going to grab the information about her once I get the pictures up. So I'll start here and I'll just go to run through them real quick. So there's a side shot. And I think she has some better shots here. And I think she had won her class in wellness. Let me see if I can pull the email up. See, yeah, here it is. So Brian says as we had discussed, here are the attached pictures or touches first show in Alberta where she won her class. Now overall, as they only had the one class small show. And then the latest show, the following weekend in Saskatchewan, where she took the overall in wellness. She's 37 and has been working with her coach for just under seven months. Hoping the, for you guys to do a physique critique as she moves forward in her journey, possible goal would be competing at nationals in the fall of 2026 in Toronto as she is now qualified. Thank you. So the pictures in the blue are the second show. Do they're all the same show? No, they're the one, I think that the pictures in the blue backdrop. I got you. Yeah, are the, are the, the second show that she did. Got so I see if I can. There's yeah. So this is the later picture where she, but I mean, they're all the same season, right? Yeah, go to that picture again. Yep. So the biggest thing is to get out to me, one is conditioning. To go to national, we've got to be a few layers tighter. Like you want to see a little bit more on the tie-ins in the hamstring and adductors just a little bit from that back shot. Next thing I would do is I would get hair extensions and I would cover up the back. That's a big thing. And you can actually use it to enhance your taper. Okay, and make your glutes look bigger because that leads to my next thing is she needs a good deal more upper outer glutes in wellness. Okay. I just more, more glute development overall. So I would really be hammering. I mean, she's probably working the coach and she's probably trainer like in glutes three, three days a week at least. But the glutes definitely need to come up a good deal more. Let's go with a front shot. Yeah, I mean, I would just say more conditioning would definitely help. See, I like you don't want to see like striations in the quads, but you do want to see lines of the sweep in the wellness division. Yeah. And like some slight, I'm not going to say cuts, but slight lines through the legs. So just again, conditioning. Maybe they just overcarved her a little bit too. But the pose looks pretty good. I think overall, let's see that side shot. She got a side shot. Is there a different side shot? There is this one. Yeah. Oh, there we go. There we go. There's a better one. Still, I wish the angle. You know, it's good. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you where I see the conditioning. And this is a difficult thing to do because I don't like these critiques as much as we're critiquing someone's wife. So she didn't ask for it. Yeah, there's that. You know what I mean? So it's a difficult, it's a difficult position. But I would say this, go back a couple pictures to where the right leg is facing the camera right there. I don't want her to hear this. So her husband is asking, and I say this, with women, I'm going to notice it was the first thing it stood out to me is the knee, the bottom of the quad, the top of the calf, the knee, to me, clearly implies my eyes are watering horribly from me putting my finger and rubbing my eye. So I apologize. I'm not crying based on what I'm going to say. But it implies that she has to be significantly leaner. There is, do you see what I'm saying? And Andrew and Scott, do you get what I'm saying? No, I'm saying. No, I'm saying. There's no other way to say it. The knee is just too big. And that is the giveaway and that pose that says she has to be leaner to me. I agree with you about lines in the quads, but that comes with that knee getting that knee area being significantly leaner. That's what stood out really more than anything I agree with you, Andrew. Wellness is not my, what's the answer to my will house? But I don't do the amount of wellness prep that you do, Andrew. And Scott, I'm not sure if you do not, but I'm just being more bikinis in all of the way. I don't do a lot of them. Okay. Fair enough. So I mean, I agree with your assessment and Andrew, but this is what I noticed right away. And look, I could put up 10 pictures and not be happy with 10 of them that I put up based on an angle. We can always out angle and get better pictures. I can see the potential there that when she is leaner, the other part is is she's natural. I assume based on the fact that the name of the show is the classic natural is open. So you're working with limited options. So at least out of the gates. This is the first year she's competed. Is that? It's been like seven months. I think so. Yeah. It's a good, it's a good, it's a damn good start. Yeah, first thing. Oh yeah. If she made no other changes, other just conditioning got the conditioning down. She would, she would jump up considerably. Oh, that would be huge. That would be huge. So let's say this. So we covered conditioning and Andrew, you said glutes would, if she were to say, what's realistic within between now and 2026 fall? I'm going to be honest, I wouldn't do 2026 national show. Okay. And then that's not to be a downer. It just takes the time that it takes to build a development. Because I mean Canada only has a few pro qualifiers and they're ultra competitive. Right. Yeah. And I just know what, and let's say she's doing the 35 plus class. I know what the 35 plus class leads. Look at it. Look like in the master's classes. And the development is on another level. You know what I'm saying? So it's not to be a downer, but it's like I would make the goal of being an international level show by the time you're it's the same thing I would tell at 19 year old kid who says I want to do nationals, look, well, we need to build some muscle first. We need to build a physique that's ready to go to national. So maybe by the time you're 23 24, we'll take a stab at it, but it takes that discipline in the time to build that muscle. And especially naturally. So I was out of curious to share like a year ago, just for a comparison. Yeah. Because if she hasn't been at it that long, yeah, but it's like no one naturals and no one how fast you can build muscle. You know, okay, let's look at it this way. She's got a she's going to have a health phase right now, you know, and not talking PD health phase. I'm talking about a hormone recovery phase. Because even if you're natural, you need to spend some time with that if you're female. And then she's got to have an offseason. And that offseason doesn't seem like it's going to be that long. See, and as we're already, basically an october. So yeah, no one went the Toronto show is. That's in, um, is it June? That's a really, she said fall. But maybe it's a fall. But yeah, I thought it was like middle of summer. Yeah, it's hard to hit. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know what, maybe it's a natural. I don't know. Maybe is there a natural, quite possibly. Yeah, it's a very similar. It's a same, though. I might advice myself because there's some freaks and there's also this of the South American variety that just genetically are built exactly for wellness. And I guess I'm at the point where I try to save people time and money from having expensive vacations that, you know, I'm going to do a national show. It's like, oh, hold on. Like, let's make sure you're prepared to do the national show. You look the part. And it actually no one looking at it. I would not spend time on her upper body. I would pull back on the arm training completely. I want to see the same. Yes, you don't try to. I'm a shot that's good. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's a great physical development than the upper body. But I would, I would be doing zero upper body training. All right. Yeah, I was just looking. I couldn't see anything about it like a natural. Let me see. I mean, a natural federation. No, it'd be, it'd be NPC, but it'd be the CPA. Yeah. Let me see. Or is it the, um, not the Ben Weeder? The 2025 CPA can fit pro natural, natural championships is August 16th of this year. So assuming it's okay. Show. Maybe that's what she's looking at. Yeah, still just don't think there's enough time. Well, I'll say this. I think you make the a very strong argument. And I think that ultimately to build the physique that she's ultimately going to want that is going to be the most competitive possible. I think you're probably right. So for now, whether it was for that show or not, what would be you, so you're saying don't train upper body, bring up the glutes, and bring better condition. Those would be your, I guess, three take home points. I, yeah, I think that's fantastic. Yeah. All right. Great job, though. It's not good. Yeah. It's reasonable. I mean, looks arguably better than probably any of us at our first shows in comparison, right? Yeah. So all right. Need to admit it. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in. Leave us questions for the next show. Go over to bodybarry.com. Reach out to Andrew. So you can tell you that you should compete next year. Go to chiefskip.com, reach out to skip. Hit me on the knallie diesage.mell.com. And of course, thank you to turnutrishin.com. Code, think supplement source.ca for Canadians. And thank you to everybody from Patreon. We got through some Patreon questions today. We'll cover some more next time in front of the episode of What's What and Gear. We will see you soon. Thank you to everybody who's hanging with us. Thank you for liking, sharing, subscribing, all that stuff. We've got lots more to come. Okay. So every now and then do you just think I just want to rub a cup of coffee. Yeah. I do too. Southern blend, man. Southern blend. Like I'll get one then I'm like they're like 10 or 12 bucks. I know. So this stuff is like four bucks a 10 when you buy 10 of it a time. Really? Yeah. What was your height? Like how much did you chew at your height? What did you chew at your height? Yeah. I mean, I mean, 10 a day. I'll tell you what I think. Sometimes if I was on the road or I was doing sports game, like, 10 a half. I say, if I got to drive along distance, that's one thing. And when I was prepping, I would go through two cans of codiac. But I mean, that was arguably the worst one ever made anyway. I agree. I like school primarily. And then if I if I was out, my buddy had grizzly, I guess I would throw it in. And then I regretted and then I threw down like, it's that. What the fuck? I might just get up and go to the store and pick up a new 10. You know, when Copenhagen came out along kind of a whole lot. Yeah. Light shone down, sunlight shone down on me. Like I was in a spotlight. It was the best thing ever. Yeah. I love the Copenhagen Southern blend. That was like my treat one, I guess. You know what I mean? Because copes like a dollar more than school back then. So and I was poor when I when I really started. But I've mainly do school in member of Costco. You could buy sleeves for like $3.10. When I first started, I paid one, I think it was 141, a can of Cody Acre Copa. So that's that'll tell you how long it was. But it was on military depot. No. Oh, let me it was like, oh God 10 12 bucks. I it's I believe it ridiculous. I can't even I see it every now and then I just go, I got a shot or I'm I and understand. I mean, I was you know, we were raising young kids. I didn't have the money for that. Look at my, but I had to have it. I just I had to have it. Did you do what I know I did and what most people do over the time? Man, no brother to get so big. Like there's almost like you had a like you had a power to have red man or something. But it was actually on that note. I don't know if you ever did this, but I would leave a little bit of a fucking of a school or something in there and then I would throw Levi Garrett or red man in. Oh, no, I guess you have a problem. It would that be considered a problem. Do you think it is? I think it's ranks up there with your your mouth is raw down here. Please start putting them up here. Yeah. And they burn like fire for like three minutes and you're like, yeah, I'm just waiting for it to get to pass and then once the pass is you're like, oh yeah, back then I would sleep with it and I would do I would I would I would go anything but like training I would keep on it actually. Why are you trained? Yeah, like I remember I remember one prep I was going to the UVM gym every day and people were amazed that I'd had two jugs one to drink water out of the one to spit into. Yeah. And I'm like, how do you do that? I'm like, as long as it's not like day, you know, because for class white track exactly. I love I love that song too. It brings back fine memories. Anyway.