You know, the antivar I think is relatively innocuous and it is gold. I just can't think of a better. It's one of those things like I said a couple shows ago. It's thinking gosh, you know, I just started this 4DMA man. These contractions are really crazy. And I'm like, oh, it switched antivar. And within a day of doing that and increasing the dose, it was that obvious. I was training back and I'm just like, holy, rap. Like this is crazy. So it would be a quick noticeable obvious change, I think, for someone who was on TRT to add something like animal or, you know, or wind straw. Hey, what's up, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Barry and myself Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support over there. We've got some Patreon questions today. In fact, load us up. I'm going to post a new thread at Patreon for all you Patreon subscribers. Let's get some more questions going for the shows. All of them, just let me know what show you want your question on. We're also brought to you. Of course, by true nutrition.com, use our code think over there to get some additional savings on your creatin or your creatin, depending on how you want to say it. Your team skip blend, your everything else. They literally have all of the basic supplements that you need for body building. So definitely check them out. Use code think and supplement source.ca for our Canadians. We had a question about it's basically like a TRT plus question. This is a question that we've covered on drugs and stuff aton. Basically, guys that are running TRT and they're asking like, you know, what can I add to this? To get a little bit more, you know, out of what I'm doing. So that's going to be our main topic of the day. Of course, we've got a bunch of listener questions. We've got a couple of physique critiques that we want to do. Well, one of them is just like a physique shout out from somebody at the Facebook group. And we're going to lead though by talking a little bit about the Pittsburgh pro. If for no other reason, because skip actually watched a modern show. Take it, guys. Skip what do you think? Who do you like in that show? Well, here's the part I have. Obviously, I have, I was biased. You know, I was pulling for Nick. So now as long as I've been in the industry, you know, I was friends with Phil. He's back in the day because he was from Colorado. So I wanted him to win too, but I think I called it pretty fairly. You know, I try not to have those biases. This time I don't know because I don't watch modern shows. And people might think that's a little strange. Well, you just don't love the sport I got to do. Okay, maybe maybe it's just I attack climactic to me because I've been watching shows for 40 years. So unless I know somebody or have some type of best-adent interest there, friend, like Nick, I was born for him. Yeah. And to see the condition that he was in and him kind of, I hate to say this because I don't want this to sound, but almost needing to make a statement. Like, we wanted him to be able to be like, like, look like damn he's back. Like, thank you. You just shut up a lot of people. And quite frankly, he did. I think so there's going to be a lot of hype around the O. I could see it going both ways if I'm being honest. I just wanted him to win it. I wasn't disciplined. I understand his disappointment because he killed it. I think he could have gone either. Wasn't it tied or something? I think that hurt this sport. It was a tough time. He could have joined Derek one finals and then they went to a, they called a sudden death where they brought him back out. After the confirmation, after the routines to do more roundupos and go through more roundupos and do it. Okay, don't know how I missed that. What could you ask for tuning back into bodybuilding, skip? I don't need that. That was a good show. But like I said, I think it could have gone either. I didn't think I thought Derek could have been better. And I think that he will be better now because he was like, he had to come out stage and be like, you know, you can, you can do your thing in front of the number one in it. But when he came off the stage and he was just having dinner with his friends, he had to be like, okay, that was a little too close. I could have lost that. So I think it's great for the O. It's great for Nick. Derek's going to up his game. I think it's going to be a fun ride. And I'm glad I'm going to be there because for once in a long time, I want to see the show. I was just going for the X-bone business. My wife were going to hang out for four days prior. You know, I'm going to be there for the amateur portion because I have a client who is potentially, I won't say likely because you never know who shows up, but should get a pro card. If everything goes away, it's supposed to. So it'll be a fun week. But I'm looking forward to seeing that show and I will make sure that I'm that I'm at that show. I will be watching. Okay. What do you think, Derek? I think, and I think, I don't think Derek walked away thinking, wow, that was close. I think he thought he was winning all everything I've seen from his camp and everything I've seen from people that know him and know his coach and all that kind of stuff. They thought he won all three rounds easily and that was his own close. Yeah. But I want to touch back on your point about because I've never seen an athlete in our division or our sport. Get so much love and so much hate and so much love again all of a sudden and then Nick Walker, you know, and some people think he's cocky, some people think he's overconfident, but what you said through your points, skip, we were all waiting for him to come out because he's been gone for two years off the stage to make a statement and I think he did that and then some by mile because he was bigger, he was as lean as he's ever been and he was peaked to perfection. And it's not easy to do when you have a new coach, you know, Kyle Wilkes, one of my friends. Good point. Kyle Wilkes nailed his peak to a tee. Like, yeah, I would love to have been in the war room with them and hear the conversations and decisions being made. But big shout out to Kyle Wilkes, he nailed Nick's peak. You know, some people were saying, oh, you know, Nick's glue's could have been a little bit drier, it's like, maybe he was literally owned dry head to toe everywhere else. And that's also comparing him. Yeah, exactly full and dry. And that's compared to Derek whose glutes are always like, yeah, every shoulder rubber seen Derek and he's had those those razor sharp glutes. So, you know, but again, and talking about Derek for a second, I felt this was a Derek that was more like the Derek from the Olympia where his legs were very downsized. His upper body was good. His full back was nice and round. He was good condition, but I don't think he was lights out condition. Right. He was like, it was a good version of Derek, but it was more like the Olympia versus the Arnold, where we saw him just dominate. Yeah, it was not the Arnold look. I, that look is burned in my brain. It may have been that Arnold look may have been the literal best bodybuilder. I have ever seen on stage in person in my life. Like it was aesthetics or so good. His aesthetic, his aesthetics are so good. And when he's dialed in, you're like, that's the best bodybuilder in the world. Right. And it wasn't that, you know, it wasn't that. No, it wasn't that. But Saturday. And I think Nick was the best athlete. I mean, put it this way. A lot of us, if you look online, just after pre-judging and after the confirmation rounds, it was like, and I know we're all armchair quarterbacks, but it was like 95 to 5% people pulling for Nick. And I don't think it's because there's huge fans of his physique, because I saw a lot of comments were like, I'm a Derek guy, but man, Nick's out of today. I saw Nick's general consensus was Nick was the athlete that was on fire. He was peaked. He looked perfect to the best of his possible ability. And I'll say one more thing, when they turn around to the back, Derek arguably has the best back in the world right now. Right. Yep. Yeah, that rear double is, I think, unbeatable, honestly. It's a good shot. But here's the thing. So it's such a good shot. There were a lot of times when they turned around, I'm like, I think I'd like Nick and he's back shots, both the rear spread and the rear double. And I'm not the only one with that opinion. So I didn't see that. I felt like it was close. Like it could have gone either way, but as far as shots go, I would have given the rear double to Derek. My opinion person. Sure. You know, that's great. That's what I'm saying. With that being said, you know, he's nice to come back on the show, but whatever, yes. Yeah. It's one shot. You know, it's one shot. No, I know. I know. You know, with all that said, though, because we said, like, what a great idea for the Olympia. It's going to be a great Olympia. What had been better? If Nick would have won this one. Yeah. Because now you have someone. Everyone is beaten each other. All the good guys, Samson, Nick. Derek would have all beaten each other different points in the last two to three years. Wouldn't that have set up the final showdown for 2025 for the Olympia? That'd be what? But that being said, though, I think Nick's going to, you know, I think he's going to be even better this week. I think, you know, what is it? Wednesday right now. And three to four days, I think he's going to be even better. He's going to be better at least. He's going to be better at least. What's that? People will see this on Friday. So tomorrow. Yes, tomorrow. Nick is going to shock the world again and come in at his all-time best, even better than he was last week. And I'm happy to say that I'm going to be there to see him person. That's nice. Hell yeah, man. I'm happy you're going. You'll have to get some pictures for us and stuff. Tell us all about it. What do? Well, I'm certain that it wasn't much of a consolation to take second. No question. I mean, he clearly was disappointed. I just, I hope that when the dust settles, or number one, I hope that he, you know, he pulls this this went off, you know, New York. But when the dust settles, the statement that he, I mean, it's just not just your back. Like it was holy shit. Yeah. Like he won so many people, like he said, that any doubters or any haters, I mean, he just, he just railed them in like they were fish, not even fighting in line. Yeah. It's just, it's crazy. And you know, there is that doubt. Let's be fair. I had it. I'm just, I'm being honest. I had that doubt. I'm like, man, he's had a lot of options. He's had a lot of ups and downs. Maybe. I, across my mind, maybe it's just, it's a psychological thing that he isn't sure if he can do it. But I think after talking to me, right? I was like, dude, you gotta, you know, you gotta be a little stressful for your child. It's like I'm not stressed at all. He's called, I was like, oh shit. That's not it. This might, this might be good. I expected him, I put my, and it's hard to do because I can't relate. But I try to put myself in that after taking the hit so for the last couple of years. And he takes it, and stride so well, better than I would ever be able to take it. And that's why he, you know, it's one more reason. It's not why he's there. But it's one more reason why he's there. And I'm not because he can know what that shit. Huge huge statement. I'm just really excited for, I like him. I know some people don't, whether it be cocky air, he said the same shit about feels. You just don't know him. Exactly. Yeah. Then you have one interaction with some, I'm guilty of it. It had bad interaction with Leela Brottie years ago. Thought he was a dick for 20 years. That's not fair. You've had people run into me and I've been a dick to him for five seconds and they think I'm a dick for 20 years. I don't know if that's fair. So, you know, you're going to have those interactions. You're going to, unfortunately, you know, we judge people that way. But I think you want a lot of people. I'm excited. I'm excited for him. And I'm actually really looking forward to seeing, seeing this battle. Not just, you know, obviously New York, but in the fall. It's a cool. And the heart leading up to it. Well, we've got our main topic and I will add to just to say one thing on this topic. Was it? It's just bodybuilding. We had a segment. You know, it just should Nick Walker retire. I think I titled it. Because, and this was, you know, two episodes ago, right? Because people have been giving him so much crap and that you hear that. Like, oh, Nick needs to retire. And like, Arc argument was like, on Nick's worst day, he's what? On his worst day, the eighth best bodybuilder of the world. Yeah. Meaning like out of everybody competing at every show, everywhere in the entire world, the eighth best on his worst day. Why should he retire? And we put that out as a clip. And we got a lot of people that were like, no, yeah, he needs to quit. He's washed up, blah, blah, blah. And then now we put out this new clip about, you know, the way the show went. And there were so many people in some of those people that were like you said, Andrew, I'm not a Nick fan, but, you know, man, I think he had that show. I think that he got robbed. So I think it's incredible. That's the word turnaround. I know. Robbed. Yeah. That's the word. And it's, yeah, worse. Nick is, at one thing, from top four, the better. That worse, he's a top four bodybuilder, which is just going to make a great show down at the Olympia this year. Yeah. So many wins this next show. I backed off on the rab part of all, I'll tell you why. I think it goes back to the, got a knock him out. Yeah, that's fair, knock him out. I look at it this way though, every show no matter what division. It's, when it's down to two people, or three, who, can you, who do you look to? And you just can't take your eyes off during the post. You might glance at the other guy, you're like, and then you look back at the guy, who's just on. And that was Nick for me. And I think a lot of other people to watch the live stream and that were there in person. So. And I think a lot of us knew that was the best version of Nick. And it wasn't the best version of Derek. And I think that's hard to remove from the judging, when in reality, you can't judge it that way. Yeah, I mean, we'll be fair, you know, one of the judges Tyler, has he said he by Slim Margin, I think he said he had Nick overdiric, but the other judges by committee did not. Sure. All right, so main topic of the day is what can I add to my TRT? Somebody had asked us that this week, you know, he was like, hey, I'm on just basic TRT. What would be the route to go? Into, you know, either TRT adding more test or TRT plus something else. Perhaps Proviron, Lodos, Masteron, even microdosing a Lodos of trend ace. You know, there are a lot of people out there now. It's a different climate, right? You know, 20 years ago, if you were using gear, you were one of the hardcore, right? And now, testosterone is pretty mainstream. And some of the people who will tune into the show aren't even watching competitive bodybuilding. They're just guys that are going to the gym. They happen to be on TRT and now they're wondering, hey, you know what, the last eight months on TRT. I've been feeling my best. I've been making my best gains. I'm kind of already on. What else can I do without really pushing the boundaries without, you know, risking my health without skewing my numbers. And, you know, maybe they do have to go and see their TRT doctor to do blood work again in another few months. And they don't want it to look too wild when he gets there. You know, what are your guys' thoughts? I guess, you know, if you want to go with the absolute safest route, I would stay under TRT and then I would introduce, you know, a lower decent dose of growth hormone. I think that would be the safest compound you could possibly do. But if we're talking about other PDs, you know, I like to do something with a lot of people that are getting into the PD realm or the TRT plus realm of, all right, we've got your baseline of test-off-strong figured out. We know where that puts you somewhere in the 900s or so. Maybe a little bit higher. Your lab markers are good. So why don't we do like a six-week experiment with something that we will be able to see noticeable gains, whether it's, you know, 40 milligrams of anovar for that six weeks. Or, you know, 40 milligrams of wind straw or, you know, if we're doing say, like, you know, 75 milligrams of test-off-strong, you know, every other day or every third day, let's add 25 to 50 milligrams of master on. And I like to do these little six-week or so experiments and then we can kind of gave it okay. How do you feel? Are you sleeping well? Did it affect your labs? When we look at your labs next, are you, are you seeing muscular gains, better performance than the gym? All those different things. And then we come up with a consensus or an idea of which would be the good compound for you. Because, and I say for you because, you know, my pre-mo might not be as good as a master on for someone else or might not be as good as adding an oral in for something that someone else. Everyone has different individuality and as you see on the podcast we did with Scott Stevenson, you know, we all have individuality with how we respond to different things based off or different enzymatic and genetic makeup. So, I think it's best in this situation to do low dose of something, experiment with it, and, you know, keep it to like a short cycle and then take some time off and then introduce something else and then over, you know, the series of a year or two you can figure out what compound is going to work the best for you. Did an addition. Yeah, I'm 100% on board with that. I would, I would probably go this simple route. The most obvious route and arguably the first, like, kind of first step. We just take the test out strong from 2, 250 to 400, 500. The main reason being, yeah, at first I thought first thing, popped in my head was I was like, eh, Primo. And you make a good point. Maybe you don't have good Primo. True. You know, there's that. And you could, it would be a bad experiment out of the gates if you crash your estrogen. And then all of a sudden your libido is in the, in the, in the, and people who are not familiar with cycling and low estrogen may not know what, they may not realize that without any, any blood work they do. So I think it's high estrogen. True. And they've started adding an AI or something like that. Yeah, exactly. Or, you know, it should be a dead giveaway if you're, you know, I mean, if high estrogen is when you cry, when you watch Titanic for the night time and you can't figure out why she won't let him up on the panel in the other room. And then what there was, it very clearly was they've gone over this for years. It's just so obvious. Anyway, yeah, I like the idea of an oral. I, you know, the antivar, I think is relatively innocuous and it is gold. I just can't think of a better. It's one of those things like I said a couple shows ago. I was thinking, gosh, and I just started this 4DMA man, these contractions are really crazy. And I'm like, oh, it's which Dan and I. And within a day of doing that and increasing the dose, it was that obvious. I was training back and I'm just like, holy crap, like this is crazy. So it would be a quick, noticeable obvious change, I think, for someone who was on TRT, to add something like animal or, you know, oral wind straw. So yeah, I can certainly say, I like your idea of experimenting. You have the TRT as a baseline. So yeah, you could play around for a year. You could run your antivar 68 and weeks come off, do something another, you know, 6, 12 weeks later, kind of experiment with these lower dosages, adding in a little bit. It could maybe a little bit of master on at some point and see and assess how you feel. I'm just going to end then come back to the ones that you like. The ones that you don't out. That's why I had one more point that typically, you know, the guys that we're talking about that are into TRT plus are usually, let's say, at least in the 30s. Usually, I mean, in your 20s, you're like, oh, you know, test, deck of debol, you know, trend, you know, give me all the. But guys in the 30s and 40s, I think a lot of the ones that I've worked with, they're usually in a better place in life where they have financial stability to where you're like, hey, we can do labs every 60 weeks and really see what's going on and see, hey, is this hurting you? We can check things like Estradile and see if, you know, Master on the pre-mo is affecting that or we can see about liver markers. We can see about all these different variables and see if, you know, is this a sustainable compound for you to keep in longer term? I think that's a big thing, you know, when you're working with competitive body builders, we're not doing TRT plus 95% of the time. We're doing TRT plus plus plus times 100, you know, subtract the one, right? Yeah. I add the one. That's not subtract. You know what I mean? So it's, it's a kind of a different ball game, but in my mind, guys I want to do TRT plus want to make sure that their health is first and foremost, but then, and then the gains are just like two way, like secondarily, but they're like two way. They're not like, it's not the number one driver in your life when you're in your young 20s, early 30s competing for pro cards or you're trying to rise up the ranks, that kind of thing. Yeah, and I think you can do a lot with a little in that kind of scenario. If you have somebody who, let's take that picture that guy who's in his 30s, he's, you know, maybe financially, he's got a job now where like things are settled. Like life is pretty consistent, right? You know, he can get to the gym when he needs to afford his food. You know, has the maturity to be able to really lock into a plan, even if he hadn't done that before, add in even a small amount of gear, and I think that, you know, guy like that could probably do a lot. And I'm seeing more and more people like that nowadays, you know, there's more and more of them. I'd say more people are doing that than there are like the hardcore guys, you know, just because it is hitting the mainstream and people are starting to see like, hey, testosterone isn't this terrible thing. In fact, I've got to like it, you know, I'm being the best I have in 20 years, you know? Yeah, I'll tell you what, you know, right now I'm, I guess I would say TRT minus, okay. You know, I've been about five weeks of 15 milligrams of testosterone a day and so was that 105, I think milligrams a week, which is probably the lowest I've taken it. Why I did about the same thing last year, actually, but, but, no, my strength is exactly the same. No, and that's something I want to touch on is the training, you know, maybe I'm not doing as much volume purposely, but my top sets are still right there, you know. My, now my diet is, I would say perfect as if I was in a contest prep, it's the same grams of everything to a T every day. You know, cardio is being done, all those other things are being done, supplements are being taken. So you can get a lot out of a little testosterone, but if you want to grow like big voice status, you know, TRT plus plus plus times 10. Yeah, one. Yeah. All of it. Taking a little more than 105. Bet you are. Guys, I got to take a break through the whole lecture, subscribe thing, but I also want to say thank you to you. The internet's kind of a weird place, in case you didn't know, and I'm glad that we've put the community together that we have. I'm grateful to read your comments in fact. I know a lot of YouTubers that don't read comments. I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody. So if you comment, I will see it and I'll try to get back to you. Also, the like button is absolutely free of charge. You don't have to pay anything to hit it and it does help us out of ton. It's not going to like push us into your algorithm, but it will help other people to hopefully find the show. So if you like our stuff, please try to help us out. Here we go. So it was this guy. Jordan Jordan and I'm just going to go to very click him. There we go. We can see all of the pictures he's posted. So here are the pictures he posted before he competed. And Andrew and I were both talked about him. I think incredible physique. Well, I think my point when I saw these pictures, I think he was like a week or two weeks out at this point in 10 days or something. I was like he's in the kind of condition that no matter what he does, he's not going to mess it up. Right. Yeah. That's what you guys want to get to. You want to get to that kind of condition that maybe he's not as full as he could be. He's going to be full enough and he's going to be just so shredded that that's going to be the keynote of his physique or maybe he overfills and he loses a little bit of that detail which isn't going to make it. He's just going to look massive compared to his in his structure. So I think him and his coach, I don't know who's coaches, but excellent job nailed it, head to toe, greatest thatics, great conditioning. Yeah. And he ended up winning his nap a pro card here. Look at the conditioning in that shot. That's excellent. It's just so crazy. He looks good. Yeah. And I would say he did fill out. Yeah. I was going to say the same thing. Yeah. It's a real good balance between the fullness and the dryness. It's it's pretty damn good. Yeah. Great. That's much better. Then also too, we wanted to do a physique critique Connor asked us. So Connor just won the Emerald Cup. He's a listener of the show and talking to him on email. He works with Stu Sutherland. So Stu brought him in into some pretty respectable shape here. Yeah. He has to say if we could do a physique critique forum. Now he's probably what six to so he had a picture here. Look at so he's like a half a head higher than the other guys and suit me. Yeah. Tall days. So first thing that jumps out of me is that I think he needs to bring his backup. But I also don't think he's he's opening his his backup as much as he possibly could in this pose. But if you look at his hamstrings like they're just so big and overpowering. And I mean that in a good way. Like he's he's built a nice set of wheels. He's got huge glutes. But it does make his back a little bit small. So my critique would be I think you can open up that back a little bit more. But be I think a lot of your time should be spent on you know focused on your back region in terms of this offseason. The legs are great. This one he's just not maybe someone snapped the picture. Yeah. You know before he actually finished hitting the shot. Yeah. Well I feel like he can bring his elbows around more and then he's got a lean back and and arch is chest a little bit. Yeah. To complete the shot. Sometimes when your mom's taking the picture you know it's it's like you in half way into the pose and you're like my I'm like yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Sometimes guys aren't hitting it as like they aren't full blowing it. You know what I mean sometimes guys are like oh well maybe I want to do it this way so that I show more detail in my back. Have you heard people laugh that? Yeah. He's got the shot out there on the last spread. I'd be hard. I'd be surprised if if he were open on that real double buys. Yeah. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. Yeah. But I want to point out the last part is not a detail shot. It is with and size shot. When you're in contest condition like you see his lower back right here that lower back is going to stand out when he's fully opened up. You're going to see he's in great shape but it's a width and spread shot. You want to take up as much space on stage as you can in that shot. Real double it's kind of a cross where you want to bring that deep. Yeah. You want to see that grainy and detail but he could definitely spread the scap a little bit more. He's got a sense of arms too. Yeah. He does. He's got overall just really nicely built physique. You know and he said I think he's going to do a national show next year. So he's going to continue working on growing. Do we see the front shot? There we go. I mean again just a little bit more back I think like solid physique you know. Yeah. Just looking at nationals for my last year if he was on stage I don't see in place and I'll side of the top five. So I mean infernus. Can you be drier? It's always mean. Yeah. I do things and that's me being a little bit more critical because the balance is very good. He's got young skin. Some a little of a little jealous of that but it probably could be. Yeah. You know a little bit drier. Five pound or two. Yeah. I like how the adductors are touching right there. Oh yeah. Yeah. Just another year body building I'd be really impressed looking forward to see what he looks like when he does get on stage in the national next year. Yeah. Do you have any type of idea of the background of the amount of time he has invested so far? He's done six shows I believe so far. Yeah. I didn't look like that after six shows. Yeah. I think that's what he had said. Yeah. So good for him though. He looked fantastic and great overall season. Emerald Cup is an awesome show too. Yeah it's a very good job he's has been. Yeah. Let me see what else we have here because I know we had a bunch of listener questions and by the way I should tell you guys if you are watching the show and enjoying it then do us a favor and hit the like button. The like button does help more than you know all that stuff helps us to get pumped out to see more people. We're trying to get the show as popular as we can and you guys are literally you can directly help with that. So thank you and comment with let us know what you think of this show. Let us know what you think of the placing. So when we talked about the Pittsburgh pro at the beginning and let us know any questions you have. Comment on the show with questions and then we'll use those questions to make the next show. So I'm grabbing questions from the previous program. Someone had a comment about they said last time like a van Gogh would stop snorting so much coke all show. What? What? And then I'm like I mean it's kind of out. It was like two weeks ago or maybe four weeks ago. I'm like it's kind of allergy season down here maybe I'm a little sniffly but like I didn't notice that was the most far out comment I'd seen in a while. Well don't comment stuff you can comment stuff like that if we get the comment we'll just have to take the Korea yeah we'll take the comment to help boost us in the show in the out. Right. They would you want it? Yeah. Okay so this was just a comment it wasn't a question it was from Dan Smith I believe he might be all Australian he's been a long time listener we talked about it was I think the topic was doing a contest prep with no training last episode or the show before that and he said you know before trying was huge it was Dan as Danas law seemed to be the absolute must for contest prep. That was before my time I can say that flat out. Skip did you compete back in those days? Yeah I mean when straw was a mainstay it always but is it not now? Yeah I think it still is but I think also like it's what's readily available to you in your time period is what people use like an Arnold's time they use test and deck up till show right and they drank milk you know because they didn't have 18 different types of way isolate hydrocelling all different protein patterns they didn't have a lot of these things that we have available to us today never in time we had more access to different compounds to use to create you know the perfect physique that we see on stage that we're trying to create so but yeah windshield's always been you know stable you know yeah what about this one from tri star armory he says question for the next blood sweat and gear what are your thoughts on test to DHT ratio running test pre-mo and mast in a cut phase test is at 750 where would you put the pre-mo and mast 46 years old 300 of each no I get no I mean are there specific you know really have specific numbers this is kind of like a healer you know kind of a gut feeling I guess I don't know about you guys but I don't I rarely ask someone to get DHT checked on their labs I don't it's seeing yeah it's not really I don't know a lot of guys are really interested in ratios test to estrogen test DHT all those I'm not a ratio guy with that stuff you because you know someone might look look look look a certain way with perfect ratios whatever those might be but other people like if we don't know the ratios and we're creating a really good look out of them what does it matter you know yeah and I think sometimes like as an example if I go if I'm in prep and I go in to the bathroom to pee and I have to reach down and squeeze my prostate to get the urine out then then I might cut back a little bit on DHT but outside of that I don't see an issue I feel like a lot of the stuff comes from I feel like a lot of these people and ask these questions have done like the J3 University stuff that that sounds like a J3 University talking around to or thing I guess yeah Diego says one to one test to Primo messes me up so that's the thing that's it that's for him and he knows that and so he knows not to do that yeah your experimentation trial and error it wouldn't go over well for me either yeah new listener so happy to have found the Tant the channel and the team I have two questions as a 47 year old looking to add mass but not compete what is a recommended macro percentage breakdown and what is a preferred and a ballic to test ratio another ratio question I didn't even realize it was another ratio question all ratios yeah yeah I mean here's the thing so which you'll find with the with a competitor is there there it might start out like I'll go protein carbs fat it might start out like 30 50 20 right but by the end of the contest prep it might be like 45 for 45% protein 30% carbs and what 25% fat so it's hard to say what the perfect thing is it's kind of like what's perfect for you right now and what you do is you write yourself a diet or you have a coach write yourself a diet one of us and from there you just manipulate it you know like I would say make a change in monitor over 10 to 14 days and if it's getting positive then you know you're on the right track and and again it's not going to work forever you know note no change you make in your diet it's going to work for adding finium but you know that's a great place to start start with something that you can stick to monitor results with pictures performance in the gym etc you know scale and then from there you can adjust things typically most people will find holy carbohydrates first when they're trying to get leaner is usually the way to go not always but usually yeah I don't have too much to add to that other than you know if you go to a coach you know there isn't going to be a formula we're going to typically take into consideration what you've been doing whether you're eating frequently whether you're eating once or twice a day you know nine out of ten times I typically will start the calories higher than what they're already taking in because I don't want to go into a cut phase with a client if they're already squashing their metabolism I want to make sure that they're taking in enough calories to start with so I tend to start a little higher and then I want to come down from from there if I can but that's just a me as a coach and a method that I use you could go to five other coaches and they may have six different methods so maybe different little different thing you know it might be different with like the same coach might do use that method for some people like someone who's already fairly lean and we have 20 weeks we might for the first four weeks add calories right I'm up every week maybe 200 calories 150 hundred etc but then someone who's really really you know has a lot of body fat to lose we might go right into a really hard fast for the first four to six weeks and then reintroduce some calories as as we go so there's there's so many ways to you know slice the onion that it's just so hard to say like what's the protocol there is no protocols it's coaching it's it's seeing the information and reacting to it and then someone up with a plan week the week or every other week yeah all right and then the other topic the the anabolic topic I think that for him our opening topic we did about TRT plus is really kind of a good guideline on where he could get into you know using gears so we just had to leave it at that question for the next show managing fatigue on a cut or prep I'm about six weeks into a cut performance is still good however the associated fatigue later in the day seems counter-productive I have to train in the am as I work in the evening what are your thoughts thanks what he says counter-productive like in terms of I mean here's the thing like there's no way around it like when you're in a serious cut and you're I don't care if you how much food you're eating at two weeks out of your inshoshap already you're exhausted whether eaten three thousand calories or 4,000 calories or 1500 calories you know what I mean like the feeling is roughly the same for every athlete agree because you're just emptying the tank emptying the tank but the manage fatigue I think you need to plan whether it's a skip load or a refeed or you know a lot of times that what I do with people is we'll be eating more calories on the days off you know let's say they're on a five two training split those two days off are actually you know much higher or recently higher calorie days than the then the training days so I kind of look at the training days is like a push and then the the non-training days is a pullback and that doesn't just mean you stick to that and within the confines of a seven day week someone might need like three four six days and pulling back whether it's pulling cardio adding more food pulling training out for few days you know when you're coaching or when you're working people like everything is fair game and every variable and I'm sure we've all utilized every technique every tool in the book individually with different clients yeah I'll let a couple things that you know I think that so when we do reach that point where we are more fatigue we tend to do less we tend to like like say like he's not at work you know we tend to be more sedentary we're like yeah I'm not going to do extra projects so you know I'm not going to walk around as much and I do think that that will hurt you if you go from say having a very active life you're cooking along we still have some fat loss to make happen in the last say six weeks but you know every minute that you have you're just like trying to land the couch because you're tired I think that that is not going to be to our advantage you know Scott Stevenson who we have on the the next episode he would improve his meat cardio by doing a project when he died at meaning like he would like do something like to his RV or he would add like these new struts or whatever to his truck and so he looks like I'd be out in my garage for two hours and night just tinker and on this stuff and you know we went into an episode where I just how many calories you burn standing versus sitting so if you you know and I think our bodies I think that we want to conserve calories as we're in that position like I think that we're we're purposely like our bodies are shutting down all of our function to try to sustain ourselves you know what I mean to try to fight off the fact that we are getting leaner so I just want to throw that one thing out there and all throw out there you know a couple of things that are not necessarily stimulants but things that I think have helped I think that you nailed it Andrew with food being the number one thing um uh L tyrosine is really good L tyrosine it I believe it helps with thyroid regulation so especially if you're not using T3 it can help with that but it also helps to sensitize the same receptors that that natural stimulants and exogenous stimulants would attach to so you know it would help you to but make better use out of noropinuffin and dopamine as well as caffeine and clen all that stuff so I had gotten into a habit of making a cup of green tea in the afternoon because it was also kind of like a little bit of appetite suppressant for me and I would mix in some true nutrition I don't even know it was like a gram and a half of altirisine just dump it in there flavorless mix it up and it would suppress my appetite some and an altirisine does have a mild appetite suppressant effect but that little bit of caffeine plus the altirisine would lift me up and give me a boost I believe there is even uh studies done or excuse me the military had done research with uh altirisine as an anti fatigue agent for the troops so I you know I think that that's a direction I would go before I just started laying into more actual stems you know what I mean because I think that it is common to get like super stemmed out towards the end of a prep I remember I told a guy he could drink he said well can I drink black coffee and I said yeah you know if you it's black it's not going to be a problem you know it's not going to have cream and sugar you could drink as much as you want and then we get to the show and he is complaining a stomach issues and he's got all the stomach acid and you know it's coming out of nowhere and I was like well how much coffee are you drinking we get to that and he's like oh I'm drinking three pots a day the other thing though the reason why stems aren't great that's actually time I want to pull back on the stems is because you're you're in sympathetic overdrive yeah I mean everything you're already doing cardio training but then you're adding stems to the mix like your adrenal glands are spit firing nonstop and they want they need a break you need to have a balance of sympathetic comparison pathetic and that's what I was getting you know of referring to in terms of taking away time away from the gym three or four days adding more food especially on your rest days yeah adding in things like KSM 66 and Ashraf Gonda and Lions main things that are going to help regenerate in that way but overall yeah the the last thing I want is for people to be taking more stems and bring relying on DMA or DHA what else you know caffeine in general all those different things because you'll see someone when they're at the last two three weeks of the prep and they're mixing like three or four pre-workouts together and you're like okay you're getting 600 milligrams of caffeine in this plus 25 mx of DMA a plus you know whatever 100 questions you know yeah on top of the on top of the fabric and you know stems you're taking that's when your the problem is is you know you get the sympathetic overreach and then you get a adrenal insufficiency where you're not producing any quarters all you're not producing any adrenal quarter-coids and that's when your body shuts down when the person's really starts to look flat they have a very um their effect is like just very kind of emotionless it's the same way as if you tank someone's estrogen if you're for many many days and weeks in a row and you're not going to make progress at that point so managing that's a great point to us got managing the stem load is a big one yeah i get another great opportunity if it's brief and it's a it's kind of a push that's different in that phase right now and it is the fatigue is starting to get but the issue is is comparing that to where my fatigue level typically is oh man this is a this is a cakewalk i mean i hit PR's yesterday on the hack i haven't hit in the offseason at nine weeks out so but i get out of there and it's not a double cardio you know i have double cardio and training and if i'm not doing cardio training my ass is sitting on the couch but i'm not i'm a i'm a very very sedentary yeah you're not changing for him yeah yeah i mean i i'd never go to get my groceries everything's delivered you know i don't i live in a high rise so it's not big you know we had a big house in Colorado but this is what 13-1400 square feet i'm not and the gym i train in is tiny so it's not like I'm walking around with all these steps even while i'm training yeah it's very very limiting there so i'm not necessarily i'm kind of the exception i'm not losing meat because i never had it anyone i'm with you i used to you know my other step stuff goals for yourself i don't because i just don't get the here's what i do i have steps that i have to maintain every day from my prep guy and i do that on a treadmill because i will not get those steps so that is one of my i have a step cardio session if you will it is very low intensity it's i always laughing say i get on it and i don't want to think about the time because i just tell myself it's it's just time it's not exhausting it's not physically demanding you know my heart rate might be the high 90s hundred tops but then i have my cardio fasted that could be hit or it could be less it you know with a little bit higher you know heart rate then of course i have my training so i can't get them all but no need i have but i'm not now now i'm just doing like a lot of hard cardio so i stopped because i'll end up if i don't tell my watch that i'm doing an indoor cardio session i don't think that it actually is tracking those steps and i don't get enough steps otherwise that outside of the two dog walks we do the in my cardio like my steps are super low okay so then you do have a base form and need though because you're going for two dog walks a day right roughly the same every day yeah yeah and and i was for a while trying to push it higher and you but then now i'm actually just saying like screw it i'm going to hard cardio and i'm doing like high-end climb uh treadmill as fast as i can go getting my heart rate till like at times i mean i'm at like one 30s one 40s cranking for 50 minutes and it feels good so oh really yeah oh yeah i'm pushing it man and i was never a fan of hit i hate it it's not hit it it's just high intensity but i'm doing i'm doing i'm doing hit you doing hit and i think that's what's helping my legs in the whole yeah i'm like how could i be doing hit and it's you know it's an interval it's and it's not of this long duration but that heart rate gets up there faster it's funny because i'm like okay i have a couple old school stems in me yeah i'm 55 i'm doing this fasted if i go down i'm DNR i'm going to wear a t-shirt that says DNR just let me go we'll be going to leave my rib gauge alone um but i'm responding very very well to and feel healthy and energy i actually prefer the hit over and we're pulling it back you know a little bit guys we get in deeper and i'm like ah you and i can i just keep wanting to in there yeah i prefer it i prefer it my favorite cardio for prep was when i'd access to an Olympic size pool yeah and i would do hit cardio in the pool i think the most i'd do was four 15 minutes sessions and i would i would freestyle it for 10 seconds and then i'd walk the rest and on the next minute so i'd have about 50 seconds of recovery pace and then on the next minute i'd go again and i'll tell you what my legs never look better that year than that year the fullness was just always there because i wasn't pounding you want to cardio sessions for 45 minutes a day so i always asked clients like do you have access to a decent size pool like first thing i always ask them um that thing good but it's very very effective we always got the real swimmers that are like hey um do i want me to show you how to do that right now i'm just trying to get locomotion and burn as many calories in these 10 seconds as i possibly can because it's less cardio i have to do and i'm just oh i got some unsolicited advice from a some a guy at the apartment gym the other day oh yeah what do you say yeah he let me know that i um i should not be hanging on the rails oh wow i'm doing fine we're trying to show us there i wish we were there to see that it was nice that was a little snarky because he has no business it it's a little bit sound shitty but it's like you're you're not the same so out of your like out of your wheelhouse right now he was like that i gave him the quick you know how like when you get looked up and down yeah i looked him up and down and i'm like i think i'm good yeah and i literally turned away and he stood there for a second and he walked away and we haven't had any way he's the type of guy that when i go into the gym i tried to acknowledge him because i see him every morning at 5am i do my cardio before i go to bed he does his or before my last meal he does his in the morning and i always tried to acknowledge him give him a nut he doesn't want he he doesn't see me i don't really i'm there in his gym it's a weird airt he his eyes are when you're not looking or falling you airt it yeah well and over the weeks as i'm getting leaner i know he's got to be like he just coming in here walking like what else does he do but i can the more it was bizarre that he would offer that after so many weeks of not acknowledging me not saying anything but he's gonna offer offer advice and i think i will not i don't think he's going to give me any more advice let's get him on the show see what else he does for exactly i never mind it would like people like oh you know your client solace holding on to the railings and whatever it's like oh yeah okay when i'm on a treadmill i put my hands low lightly on the side too because i'm afraid i'm going to fall off on this moving belt if i'm on the treadmill you know same thing with the niliptical so you know i've been wearing some wearing my plate carrier with three loaded mags to add three more pounds to it your heart rate gets up fast when you got to be fast all right speaking of advice we got this comment maybe i should put an effect on my voice if i remember when i read it hey Paul it's called lipolidic not lipolidic not lipolidic i think you did yeah you know it and my i think my point was like look we say these words a hundred times a week yeah okay sometimes you get slipped up it's a simple 40 and sleeper it's just a slip of the tongue like okay and i'm pedantic like that but the point is the reality is everybody knows what he's yeah yeah and at that at its core language is communicating clearly and effectively and we all knew what he was saying so is he right in the sense that it's not okay technically it is he is right um if i remember correctly he had to edit his comment before we all saw it which comments yeah okay so my which proves my point like okay you slip up when you write or you say things perfectly especially online when you're when you're you know off the cuff so my free is law and you know that right yeah it's not Murphy's law it's my free is law when you make a mistake you've corrected someone you make a mistake and then you put that up and the cool thing about it is nine out of ten times they'll try to bust you because they think that you didn't spell Murphy's law correct and it's so oddly ironic it's just gorgeous and then people will laugh and they don't get it yeah it's set them up you know just set the pins up and let them knock them down it's it's all right Casey for Patreon has won for us when is it good time to add and a draw considering it might crush appetite in a bulk that's different for everyone i mean some people it's never it's better than I mean yeah well i mean if they're at their wits end with food as it is it's like don't add it in because you're gonna be pulling back to if you're on six meals you're only gonna want to eat three um when's a good time i mean i mean i mean there's a couple different things i like to do like okay for at a sticking point with weight and we have tried adding more food and that's not becoming the answer because they're just getting kind of pattern flatter appearing mice and maybe performance is going down a little bit or they're losing sleep then i would probably add in like fifty to a hundred makes of anodrol for like two weeks before really kills their appetite and you'll see their weight jumps six seven pounds they look rounder fuller they're hitting some strength plateau they're beating some strength pattoes um that might be a situation another situation is you might want to use it intermittently on certain days like and and and oh someone's going to beat us up in a comment that you can't use an oral to the fix of body part and it's like well guess what if you can get more training volume more training force and be some strength plateau by using a compound you're going to build some more muscle and if that's your weak body part you're going to improve that body part over time even if it's you know let's say you're training back twice a week and you're trying to generate more force because you're trying to beat a 405 deadlift for 10 reps you're trying to get it to 455 for 10 and you do that over four to five weeks using help of anodrol guess what you just put 50 pounds on your 10 rep max on a deadlift which is going to equate the muscle mass being yeah i agree with that taking anodrol or a week at only a week at a time during a deal and and it's worked really well not a bad idea so just something to consider do you talk to john medows does he do the same shit for real he was kind of you mean he he was always to like even contest for people will be like oh bullshit 250 mc test a week off season contest prep okay and then he would just lay your in some lodoces of other compounds to get into the kind of the kind of look that he brought to stage right so he's a very low dose guy jeech maybe a little different story but the deities the antivolics or the antigen's very low dose but what we would like to do a lot of times was he would just cruise a 250 week and then like 10 15 days out before he had to go to like the Arnold's to make an appearance or yeah and be a he would add in like you know 50 to 100 mc of anodrol and he would blow up he would send a picture from like day one to like right before day the show and it's like dude you look like you put on 25 pounds of tissue yeah and he's like yeah I'm still only eating like 1800 calories too i've done an on vacation where i know i'm not going to be eating as much and i mean i'd be training as much and just to maximize that recovery for a short period of time it's good idea it's just kind of i always looked at it is it do other people do it probably not is it out of the box thinking just to experiment see what happens and actually it's a good response from so when you come up with a great your great discoveries that you can then share with clients because no one else is thought of it no one else is doing it it might not work for 100% of people but if it works for half of them that works and i've done should that hasn't worked and i'm like well okay i'll solve that yeah that too if you just don't talk about the things a different not it stuff on a asked us is pre-most something in the stream is pre-most something that you'll pull out a few weeks out of a contest or would you run it all the way in are you sure it's real pre-mo and it's war that i wouldn't you're gonna look really good already right Andrew like if it's real pre-mo you should be the better you know but but if you think it's just more test-propped then just be put out because you're probably already taking test-propped and if you really want to you know if you want to bring that that estrogen down a little bit then you probably want to lower your test dose so yeah i would leave i i leave pre-mo in right through like the Tuesday before show i think good thing about being a veteran with gear is even if you're taking seven different things you're gonna know if something is not what it's supposed to be you know what i mean i think the only way you wouldn't is if you added three or four of those compounds at one time you know say time then you might not know all right i think that was about uh all we had skip to do you have a word of the day i did did you what you got for us sesco padallion i'll say that word all the time do you yes could but sesco padallion what it and it's it's a great word because even just hearing the word tells you it's a person who uses words that are way too big or you know they're not necessary you're you're using a list words and you're a be-list word kind of yeah i can't even say that sesco padallion i did double check i did sesco padallion padallion you got it it's a little bit for a time i didn't find it usually i i come cry out here's something on tv and i'll stop i drive my wife nuts and i'll google it and then i take a screenshot i have an album on my phone of words that i have come across just just because i've not heard the word before but it was a uh buddy of mine from the old or from the small town in Michigan where my wife is from that we lived in for a couple years after we met and we moved uh you know from there to calerado and uh he he called me and sesco padallion i thought i don't know what that is but i bet it has something to do with grammar or verbridge yeah so i had to google it yeah you're you're how far out now uh to the day nine weeks nine weeks out nine and potentially 14 so things are all right things are rolling the high carb days need to go up i had a big droughts one of those weeks where visually even as the client or the foot you look at your pictures when you go oh i'm good with that oh yeah those are good that was a good way you know that sort of thing so um it's good it's it you know and hit those numbers in the gym on the hacks um there's just a lot of it's really enjoyable i'd say it every time you ask me i said and people are like you know i wrote that's cool but just keep in mind when i say that that you know i i had a lot of hops man so when i when things are going well and i'm injury free and you never know how long it's gonna last you just really try to enjoy the process and i'm loving it wow i went out though because like i was like talking to the other day i think maybe three or four of us were talking about you know when people you come to the gym you're like hey how's your prep gone it's like oh you know it's like it's hard and they're just kind of dragging out and you're like well then don't do it yeah and this is the exact opposite you know things are going great and even if they weren't if even if you're having a hard time you would say i'm having hard time but i'm loving every minute of this yeah i can do this and that's the kind of stuff i appreciate because not everyone gets to do this it is a conscious choice to do it when you do do it and you're going to do it to the fullest and no matter what you're going to have our respect no matter what happens you're going to have our respect because you're doing it to the fullest but it's great that you're having a good time doing it all right i gotta clean up the enjoyable next week i'm going down i'm going down guys go to bodybarry dot com to reach out to Andrew and team skip dot com to reach out to skip back now a diet set jmail dot com to hit me up of course trunutrition dot com user code think over there supplement source dot c a for arcaneidians and thank you to everybody from patreon i'll be posting up a new patreon thread you can comment with questions over there you get priority and everybody here if you're still here and you still haven't hit the like button yet then please do because it does help us out a ton uh it's not going to change anything in your algorithm but it will help us to get seen by more people and of course leave us comments comments are huge we'd love to have you along for everything so if you haven't subscribed then hit the subscribe button and hit the bell the bell is the only way that you're going to find out that you you know we're putting out a new show because believe me youtube does not like gear content it is not going to let you know otherwise for another episode of blood sweat and gear guys we will see you soon and thank you to everybody in the live stream and thank you to you guys too