I'm like, Joe, you know what, it always can be worse. You know, somebody always has it worse than you. And I tell people when things like this happen to you and life does not fare a lot of times. You can make two choices. You can hide in a corner and let life pass you by. Or you can get out there and do as much as you can do. And I made that choice right then, right there, then I was going to do as much as I can do. Blind is, you know, hopefully as much as when I could see. I didn't know how that was going to look, but I made that commitment. And it's tough. And I'd be lying if I said it was easy. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Ron Parlo and of course I'm here with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes, and remember, I am mutant dot com, go to I am mutant dot com, get your all in, get your ISO surgeon. Everyone should get on the gear. And I'm wearing the new lift to kill shirt. You can get that too and Dusty's Dusty shirt is back up on the site. He's got a new version of that. So the the the the the the F attention earned respect. One we're in the sea Scott. I'm watching the F bombs in the first two minutes. Wow. Wow. There you go. It's good. Watching those F bombs. And today we got a special guest. We have the world's first blind. IFB be men's open pro Joe Pira Santé. Welcome to the show. It's a pleasure to be on the show. I appreciate you guys having me on today. Yeah, no Dusty knows you best. I believe you've you've been dusty client for a while. What's it deal? Drany partner for years. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Way back in the day. I'm going to give a little brief breakdown. So I trained with Joe. Joe, what years were we training like when when did you compete at that show? I mean, um, I did the Arizona in 2007. So I think we started probably in 2006. Yeah. We trained together forever ago. So that was very early dusty. Yes. Yes. And Joe. What's interesting is Joe is lunatic. Completely insane. And will train through absolutely anything. Um, I've seen him do preps that you wouldn't wish on someone that you were torturing. And enjoy every step of the way. He's just one of the guys that just loves that grind. And when I heard that Joe was going to do going to be trying out for the fast team, which I'm going to have Joe kind of break down with that is briefly. Um, but from what I understood, it is basically a team of very, very highly, highly decorated. People in the military, but to the give you an idea when when they try out for it, you've got Rangers who fail, maybe seals who fail, like they can't get on the can't go through what they go through to even get on. And I remember somebody asked me they said, well, Joe, make it. And I said, well, there's only two options. He will make it or he will die because he will not go. Joe does the stuff that I pretend to do. When you go to the right, you can set your camera up all nicely. Yeah. So Joe, can you give us a brief version of what it was they kind of put you guys through just to see if you were able to be on with that fast team and also what it is. Yes, the fast team stands for foreign deployed advisory and support team. We were like D.E.A.s overseas slot team. And how it came about after 9.11, the US military went over to Afghanistan. You know, we had some of the idea of what was going on. We know Ben Lada was running his training camps, but as soon as they got over there, they soon saw that the Taliban and the Syrian groups were getting their money for their terror activities by the production and sale of heroin. And lot of people don't know if Afghanistan is the biggest producer of heroin in the world. So the military not being subject matter experts on drugs went to the DEA and asked for help. So we ended up standing up this team, fast team and had try outs, but you had to be able to work with the our US and coalition special ops teams with an Afghan partner for us. So even if you did that, Ben Lada in the past, can you still do it. So they got together this selection course. It was made up of various US and coalition special forces, selections where, you know, not only you got to be able to be physical, you got to be able to be smart, they gave you an IQ test, a mental test, test you when you're stressed and everything else. And it was just the first week is kind of like the guys called Hell Week, where you're just doing these events after event and just being tortured and to see if you can hang and you're getting very little sleep, but they feed you pretty good. So that's good. And just to give you an idea, the washout rate of this, I think we started with 36 individuals and only 11 made it through to the end. And I remember when I flew home after the first phase, flew back to Sky Harbor and the friend of mine picked me up, and you know what, what the hell happened to you. You don't want to know, in fact, they were so glad the next morning, I had to go to the hospital, because my foot was infected and everything I lost. Every toenail on both feet, at blisters all over, in here, I'm in the ER at Arrowhead Hospital. It's trying to explain what happened to me and I'm, here are the doctors was thinking, okay, Joe, why don't you just tell me that truth would really happen to you. So it was, it was crazy. But like anything that you do, that's hard in that you do, that a lot of people can do, you just get a feeling of accomplishment that, hey, look man, I did this. What a lot of people couldn't do it. And then before it, I had a shoulder, another soldier, surgery on my left shoulder, because after that, I did the Arizona, my shoulder was all tore up again. And I'm just glad that I made it through. I got that. I will say, although impressive, I was not surprised. So for those who don't know, also explain, because I hadn't said this yet, but we'll leave this in. When Joe and I were training together, he still had a site, obviously he had a site when he went in the fast team. What went down and, and how did you lose your site? Okay, it was on my second turn, Afghanistan. We were working with the Australian commandos, which is a very good special forces unit from Australia. And we were hitting a bizarre, which is like an outdoor flea market. And in his, his hours, they saw everything from different sundry items, soap, shampoo, live chickens, water, but they also sell chemicals in equipment to manufacture heroin, small arms, weapons, rifles, machine guns, and also IED by making material. How do you, how do you get there? Was there, did I miss the directions on this? I just scared, I just heard all these things that I needed to, Scotland's go shopping. Sorry, never mind, never mind. Well, we can send you on a special helicopter over there. No, I'm good man, I'm good. I was, I was good man, unless you had a whole gang of folks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, don't travel alone. Yeah, yeah, so, so this bizarre came up hot, and our team that was there before us, they hit the same bizarre with Australian commandos, found quite a bit of evidence items and gotten a pretty big firefight. In fact, the team leader of the team, a guy named Brett, him and I were there, two oldest guys in our selection. They were fighting their way back to the helicopter, and he got the forest gump, when we got shot in the ass. Be jump up and stung him, so hard to, hard to, form a marine, recon marine, airborne, scuba-coil, the whole nine. So we, this was, like I said, just bizarre popped up hot again. So we, we're going to hit it. So we usually like to go in at night to use our technology, what our night vision and lasers was the enemy. Usually does not have that, but if you was, that's, we couldn't find an air wing to fly us at the time, they could fly us at night, where the time frame the Australians at us and our partner for us could hit it. So we had to shift fire to another unit, which was training the Afghan pilots to fly for when we left, and we had to hit it during the day. We weren't real happy about that, because we knew we were going into the hornet's nest. So we decided to go anyways, we got, I would say a little too big fire bridges. And so the plan was, we flying in four helicopters, MI-17's, their old Russian troop transport helicopters, and they hold quite a few people, and they're pretty armed. One side to have a peacam belt fed machine gun, then a gal mini gun on the other. So we had the Aussies in one, our Afghans and another, and fast team members, and some Australian commandos, and the other bird. And so we landed, this after first lights, Halloween Day 2011, and I was in charge of one element, sweeping through one side of the bizarre, and another one of our past guys was in charge of another element. So we're sweeping through, we start receiving some incoming fire, not very effective fire. And then I'm standing outside of one of the stalls in the bizarre, behind us old beat up car, and I hear around being fired. I hear it hit the back of the car, and then I feel the back of my neck burn. I'm like, oh shit. So I dive into the stall, the bizarre, they were searching. I put my hand in the back of my neck. See I have a honey blood, no blood. I had one of the Afghans look at it, the speak decent English. And he said, oh no, so it is okay. So I tell you what, man, that bullet got so close to my neck. I could feel the heat off of that son of a gun. Believe me, I had my guard off after that. So yeah. We were finding some poppy seed and some other things, and then shortly after that, the Taliban did this call the arms over their little loudspeaker PA system. And things said, today's your day to die. We must rise up, we must get the impedals out of our land. And then the incoming fire drastically increased on us. So the Australians were out of the perimeter trying to provide an outer cordon for us to keep the enemy from moving in. But the problem was the bizarre was in a valley, so the enemy had the high ground, and anybody who knows anything about tactics. If you have the high ground, you have the advantage. So we hear them getting into it. We have the marine air wing, the mall with helicopter gunships, providing close air support, they're rocking and rolling. And we're finishing up what we need to do. And then we're almost done, so we get in position to call for our helicopters to come back to get us. So they're inbound to get us. We've got to probably go about 400 meters or so to get to our extraction location, which is not far. But then we got bogged down in the gunfight, and we were stalled, and we couldn't really move. And I remember so much so that we have to wave the helicopters off and say, hey, don't land yet. We're not in position, just stay somewhere nearby, which are rotors spinning and we'll give you the thumbs up when we're ready for you to come get us. So I just remember thinking to myself, you know, I know we can't stay here. The longer we stay here, the more the NMS time to advance, not us. And you start freaking out, but in combat you can't freak out. And you want to stay calm and think rationally. As I've been saying to myself, Joe, you need to get your ship together right now. You need to get the help out of here. So I kind of like kick my own self in the ass. So we began making some progress, like leapfrogging from building the building and finally get in position to where the helicopters can come grab us. So we call them in. They come in three land, one dozen, one that didn't land was Afghan crew and piloted. But their pilots aren't as skilled as ours. We'll say, and they said, because there was a lot of incoming gunfire on us to include the belt fed machine gunfire. And you get a condition where you get big brother helicopter like that. They kick up dust so you get a brownout condition in its heart to see. So they didn't land. So we run out to our helicopter. We're supposed to get on in low and behold, the halfgans are already on ours. Our halfgans. Our helicopter. But like, you know, you need to get the help off. You know, this is our ride. You know, it's just not like Uber. You can take any damn one. But they're not moving. I don't blame him. I wouldn't want to go back into that hell. You know, getting shot and open field. We said, OK, just go. So the three helicopters lived off. We got us just think. Seven fasting members in two Australian commandos at the time. So we take cover and a ditch. So all the gunfire is focused on us now. Yeah. So it was it was pretty crazy. And then lo and behold, short time later, here comes the Afghan crew and pilot helicopter lands. A couple hundred yards for us. And once again, I said, you know, to myself, the can stay here. We need to get out of here. I said, this is going to be a very shitty run. So I'm getting my big ass up and just bringing for my life towards the helicopter. And I remember firing a couple shots on the run. Towards the insurgents that were shooting at us. And everything else is going to be second hand information, which was told me after the fact. I guess I got to the helicopter near the front of the pack. I started laying down covering fire. So my teammates get on or near the helicopter. And once that happened, I guess my team leader tapped me on my shoulder. And said, let's roll. And I turned left to run on the helicopter. And that was when I was hit in the head. We leave. It was a armor piercing round from my belt. That P.K.M. machine done. The round went through the right side of my ballistic helmet through my right temple through the frontal lobe of my brain and out my left temple. So of course, I fall like a ton of bricks face first. And a lot of people asked me, oh, do you get one of those head moons? Where, you know, the bullet kind of hits your skull and kind of like just traces around it. I go, nope. Yeah, I went right through my frontal lobe of my brain. So the Afghan has some sushi out there, I guess. I'm dead. Holy crap. Yeah. So my team mates thinking I'm dead. My team leader goes, I mean, you know, face down, butt up. And he's trying to rouse me. I'm not moving. He rolls me over and he sees my ballistic glasses. I was wearing pretty much shatter and there's a hole in my head. So I think I'm dead. Throw me on the bird. Take off. And then they just check me out just to make sure I'm dead. Like they think I'm dead. No, he's breathing. So they start working on me and start doing some things and during the process of that, I came to, which I don't remember. I guess I set up like Frankenstein and started to become in combat. But they haven't got me calm down. They treated my head wound, treated me for shock. Got me to the base. We were staying at Terran Kyle with the Aussies. And this is kind of a funny story. This is typical me though. So the ambulance comes out to our helicopter. They think my team mates have me on a stretcher. We had them, but they didn't. So I hear this commotion going on. And so what is Joe do shot through the head? I stand up to walk off the freaking helicopter. I guess my team mates, I don't know we got you, Joe. They carried me to the ambulance, got me to the medical facility there. And then they did what they could do for me. And then they transferred me to another base, to the candor airfield where they had a neurosurgeon and I served it stand and buy it to treat me. Wow. And some people think training to failure is going to kill me. Jesus. Wow. It's wild, Joe, I've obviously heard the story, but as I see it in my brain. I just watch the movie. I just watch the movie. You're telling your see the whole thing go down. And so you get out. Obviously now for the first time in your life, you don't have vision. You have to relearn how to live. You are a very, very independent person. You've always been that way. You do your own thing. You handle your own stuff. Was that a hard adjustment to need to rely on people to kind of help you through this process? Oh, my God. Yes. And you hit the nail right on the head with that. You know, I've always been a person. You know, you want it done right. You do it yourself. You can't rely on people blah, blah, blah. But it actually was good for me because I had to learn to trust people. And I had to relearn to rely on people that being blind and being a situation that I'm in now. I need help. And I just can't just do it all myself. And there's times where I thought I could or I'd be in a rush to do something to move it too fast. Then bust my head open and get stitches. But it really helped me to slow down. I appreciate things. I appreciate life. I appreciate people. And you know, just learn to rely on them. So it was actually good for me in that point. Right. The fact that you can find any, you know, that your attitude right off the bat just finding good in any of it. Yeah. I mean, that would be, you know, that would be the point where most most people wouldn't be able to come back and find any good. And you've, you've, you've, you've turned yourself into something else now. Something even more inspirational that is, you know, do you think about that? Do you think about it that way at all? Are you just doing your thing? Yeah. You know, here's the deal. Well, when I was in the hospital recovering, you know, I hear my parents and my teammates talk about all these young kids coming back from overseas. Tows ahead snored us into a pallet. Children writing for a minute give a straight conversation back in front of a large ten-legged kid, just like never know what was just ignore what shows up or whatever. When that happened to me, I was 41 years old, lived to damn good life. My daughter was getting very antioxidant. High school, when I would have a petty party for myself and like, Joe, you know what it always can be worse. You know, somebody always hasn't worse than you. And I tell people, when things like this happened to you tonight there's not fair a lot of times. in high-end and high-end corner and let life pass you by, or you can get out there and do as much as you can do. And I made that choice right then, right there, then I was gonna do as much as I can do. Blind is, you know, hopefully as much as when I could see. I didn't know how that was gonna look, but I made that commitment and it's tough. And I'd be lying if I said it was easy. It's hard every day. I have to deal with this, be in blind. I have to deal with some pretty bad post-traumatic stress disorder syndrome, you know, and bodybuilding helps save my life, family, and loved ones help save my life. And it just, I wasn't gonna let this beat me. I was gonna, you know, get out there and show people, and you know, that just because you have a disability or you're blind, that your life doesn't end. You know, it only ends when you say it does. You know, it's cliche, but people say, there's a will, there's a way. It's true, you know, I may not be able to do things the same way I used to do things or do a mess. Fast as I used to do a, but if you wanna do something, you can figure it out and blind school really helped with that and everything and, you know, I'm glad that I got back into competing, because that's something I could control. And, you know, I was, you know, I got talked into competing by an old coach, and I got a blind show, it'll be stars. And he says, Joe, let's try to do this. I'm like, I don't know, Shelby, I don't know if I can do this blind. He's like, let's put you on a cutting diet for free here and see how you look. And we did that and he said, oh no, Joe, you need to get back on stage. He hooked me up with a posing coach at the time, Kenny Wallett, because so let's do this. We chose the Virginia Grand Prix show. And this is now 2015. And North folk Virginia, I did the old people's class and the young people's class, and I won it all. They're like, who the hell is this? That's it. Who the hell is this guy? And I remember being backstage after just crying, just like, I'm still freaking doing this, man. And also, it was crazy. And you had to rebuild a lot too. We talked a little bit before the show. You said you were all the way down to 160 after your injury, right? So I mean, this wasn't in an overnight process. When did that happen? You said 2015 is when you started competing, when was the injury? How long ago was that? It was Halloween day 2011. Yeah. We're not talking like a decade later. It was about two years. Yeah. Yeah, it was. It's it. Most of the memories of hell over thing. And it's a hell over thing. I'll tell you a kind of funny story. My ex-wife, she was with me at the hospital. And they're like, OK, Joe, we're going to bring you now until the gym. And we're going to have you work out a little bit. Like, OK, cool. So we go down there. And I think we're doing something like lateral raises. And you're like, tell me if it's too heavy or it's good. No, too heavy, too heavy. OK, it's good. So I'm knocking out my sets and reps, whatever you want me to do. And then we're leaving. I'll go like, Joe, you know, those were the pink dumbbells. I'm like, OK, if you got to start somewhere. I love it. So you do that. Now you absolutely know, once again, you can do this. I mean, honestly, as well as you ever could without vision, which as a bodybuilder, I try to imagine, even just putting me on the machine. And then telling me to, like, put my hands up and do everything with my eyes open. And then telling me to close my eyes and do it. And I'm like, I don't know. Like, how different was that to just learn to feel your body moving through the range that you used to feel antsy? It was weird at first. You know, I felt awkward a little bit. But I learned to trust the people around me. And actually, I think it ended up being better for me. Because I'm not distracted into Jim. I'm not worried about looking at everybody else's doing. I'm getting that mine muscle connection just locked in. So I'm really feeling it better. And I think even in posing, I have to, you know, I'll show you up to trust your posing coach. But a lot of people will just go in the mirror and hit poses. But there's no mirror on stage. So I have to learn everything by feel and ended up really, you know, improving my posing. And in shows as long as the extra, but I get to me on stage and puts me in the right direction and just make sure my quarter turns. All right. I'm good to go. A lot of people, unless they saw the expediter be holding his or her arm, don't even know I'm blind when I'm on the stage. Right. That's freaking awesome. So when did you turn pro? And what show was that? 2021 at the Master's Nationals in the 50 to 59 year old class as a super heavy weight. You know, we always played this game in the past. I had the coaches, you know, some coaches where I've been 220 pounds as I've been 19 years old. You know, it'll die me down and play the glue game and get down to a white heavy weight sometimes. And that's just, that's not my natural weight. So at that point, I finally had a coach and he's like Joe, you're a super heavy weight. You know, I don't know why, you know, these people die as you go and lay down. Like that. And I did good, you know, some of those weights and I almost turned pro at the universe in 17. I got second and just missed out and getting my card. So we decided to go in. We went and did the, I had to recall. So I did the Michigan. I moved ahead, moved back to Michigan at the time. I just did the masters to get my call and I did that. And it was kind of crazy because when we was traveling to Pittsburgh that morning, I weighed myself at home and I was in the low two 30s and, you know, the last day or two before, you know, you're eating up. You're keeping the water down with you. You're not by easy game weight back. So we get there, we're weighing in and I am, in weigh in with my buddy who is from Michigan also who was in pro David Reed. He would help me. Oh, yeah. And I stopped on the scale and they're like, oh, you're too 24. Or something. Yes, you signed up for supers and I go, damn, I just weighed 230 something at home. Not too long ago. And you're like, what do you want to do? Do you want to do super heavyweight? Or you want to do heavy and on my day, man, what should I do, bro? I don't know, man. He goes, Joe, do supers. You're going to be the widest. But you're probably going to be the shortest because on a good day I'm five nine on my tipped toes and you're complete. So I ended up doing that, which was the best decision I did. And we went out there and I remember Brontos Harper pre-judging and one of the expediters that has helped me before it was helping me. And they're moving me. And everybody in body, Billy knows if they're moving you to the center, looks like you're going to probably be doing pretty good. So I'm like, dude, I said, man, are they moving me towards the middle? He goes, Joe, they're putting you right in the center. And I just, I'm like, you're trying to win or lose this right now, Joe, you're going to get your shit right. And out there knocked all the stuff out, went back and, you know, we had a good feeling that I was going to get first placed. And we went back for the night show. But you never know. You can't put the cart before the horse. So if we go back there and I went first place and I remember this, yes. I got this, but I still have to go in the overall of all the other way classes in my age. And I think you had to get at least second. And so we went down there and had a tough battle with the heavyweight. And I ended up getting second and overall. So I ended up getting my pro-carth. And I had told David, I said, if I win my pro-carth, dude, I'm going to cry like a little bitch backstage. And remember, you know, you get that big life-size, you know, pro-car, you know, like you want to be million dollar check and you get your belly button. And you guys know how body builders are like, you know, you know, Mr. Macho, this and that, I remember going back stage and everybody stood up and started clapping. Oh, shit. And I just, the water works. Oh, I started crying. David started crying. And it was probably the best day of my life, other than my daughter being born. So it was crazy. You know, after coming through all that, you know, I knew, you know, starting body building back in the day after playing football and college, that, you know, look at magazines. Oh, my god, it'd be so awesome to be a pro-bodybuilder, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then after I was hurt, I never thought it was possible. But, you know, I freaking did it. And then went on and did this Chicago pro-master's twice, got second the first time. Then went back in 2000 now, as is 23. And ended up winning first place. So not only became a pro, I actually won a pro show. So it's a pretty damn good accomplishment. And I just like the show people, like I said earlier, you know, just because you're blind, you have a disability, life doesn't end, man. You gotta keep going. You gotta fight. Oh, you gotta keep going. You can't quit. You can't give up. You know, life's one of these things. It seems like you climb one hill and you get knocked down. You gotta climb another one. You just don't, you can't give up and you can't quit, man. That's unbelievable. It's, I mean, the tenacity of what you were already trained for with the military and the DEA and the fast training and all that stuff. And you were able to take that mentality and put it into something else. And I mean, I feel like running through a wall after hearing your story. You know, I'm not gonna complain about a sore elbow for a long time. What was it like, you were on the Jocco-Willnik podcast. And I got to ask you about that because I love Jocco. I think he's just such a cool dude. What did you had you met him before? I mean, I'd be in an amuletary to Jocco or anything like that. I had briefly met him in 2010 because prior to my first deployment to Afghanistan in 2010, we were doing training with the Navy SEALs West Coast team. One other team, SEAL team five. And we went to Camp Billy Maken in Nyling, California to do their land warfare course with them and they have to do it before they pre-deploy all the time. It's three weeks, day and night, just getting kicked in the balls and Jocco was running camp building making at the time. So I got him met him briefly. We didn't, you know, didn't get to know each other or anything. And then one of the guys who helped set up that training in another SEAL, Jocco started the podcast and he was like, you know, knew what happened to me and he's like, you know, I'm going to try to get Joe on the Jocco podcast. So he called me and he's like, Joe, would you be willing to go on? I said, hell yeah, I would. I thought, you know, got all it ranged flew out to San Diego and did the podcast. He was at his, his MMA gym he has there was upstairs and like a soundproof room and we went in there and knocked it out. Now, tell you what, Jocco, you know, he's the real deal. You know, he's, he's, he's serious dude, a real deal guy. And I remember afterwards after doing the podcast where like, posing for pictures and like, Jocco, I said, don't try to out angle me, man. He was like, yo, there's nothing like and do to out angle you. What you're, was that what you're, did you do his podcast? Who, who, man, make you, make me think now. Um, we're in 25. I think, 20. I think, 21, 22. Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's, that's amazing. I mean, what, I'm just thinking like, how? What, what other things? I mean, the frontal lobe does a lot. I'm just amazed like you lost your vision, but you've been able to do all this other stuff and I mean, did you get a little lucky? Like, what did they tell you statistically with how, how functional and how everything has gone for you? Get hit in the head with an arbor piercing round. Yeah. It's tickling your dawn. Just you already a million to one when you stood up to get back off the bird. Yeah, no, it's crazy. After they brought me back to the states, they had me in a news call. They're getting ready to bring me out of the coma. And your frontal lobe controls your decision making and it controls the more. It's crazy. Yeah, yeah. Whether you get real sad or real happy and the doctors told my parents, he's like, Joaquin never be trusted with a credit card again. He'd just might spend a bunch of money. He might just be at work and take, oh, it's close off. I said, yeah, probably because I was hot, that's why I took them off. It's done by the doctors. Like he didn't make good decisions anyways. He's not going to lose much. Yeah. I said, yeah. Yeah. I got, I got, answer a question. I got very blessed and lucky. You know, it affected me to, you know, a point. But not as great as they had thought that it would, you know. So it's, you know, it's, it's a process. We'll say that, you know. Wow. There's anything that you're able to look back on and laugh at now as part of the recovery process. I mean, I'm sure you've had to find humor in some of the agony you went through. Oh, oh, yeah. So, okay, this is, when I got shot, I was 230 pretty lean. Like I mentioned earlier, I got down to like in the 160s, but they wouldn't tell me what I weighed, but they'd knew I thought his he fit. So when I'm sitting there with my ex and the physical therapist and like okay, today they go, you're going to put your shorts in T-shirt on like how much time you need. Well, five minutes, whatever. So I'm grabbing the clothes and then I get to the shorts and I'm feeling the shorts. And I'm like, man, these don't feel like my size. I'm like, what size is? And my ex was like a church mouse not saying a word. Therapist is like, I tell you, hand it to me. So I give him to her. She's like, they're a medium. When I took those medium and threw him across the room, I said, I'm a big fuck. I were extra large. If I was on a floor, I'd say, then they would have felt straight to the floor on my physical and his own. Wow. I love it. I love the things he's worried about with all that. He's worried he's a medium short. Yeah. I hate a question. Kind of a, this is a selfish question. And also too, I want to make sure that I say Joe, thank you. Thank you for your service, man. First of all. I want to thank you for everything that you've done for our country. And thank you for not only coming on here, but sharing your story as much as you do. I feel like our world right now needs hope. And I am very grateful that you, you know, you're taking the tragedy that happened to you and you're turning in into something that is so positive. Like Ron said, I feel like I'm ready to like freaking get out and do something right now and after listening to you. But listen, so you're my selfish question. I like to do a lot of shooting and training in what I've realized with the tactical training is all that stuff, you're under kind of like a false pressure. It's not real pressure. You're not in a real gunfight. But under that pressure, like it's hard to do like small mechanical things and reload magazines, all that. I can only imagine and I know that at your level and the stuff you're doing, you would have to be so freaking cool as a cucumber. I know you said like you guys had to do like all sorts of mental evaluations. You are the guy that can stay calm in a real active life situation like that. You got to tell me man, what? It's something that I train for. I'll probably and hopefully never have to ever draw my gun in my life and use it. But it's an experience. If that, you know, never have, I hopefully will never have to experience what you've experienced on any level. But what is it like to be in combat man, having these bullets fly by you and still know to yourself like dude, I got to stay calm? Well, it's crazy. You know, it's like I've just taken it myself. I was over there and bolted flying over my head and bolts make no eyes on it. Joe, what the hell are you doing here? You volunteer. I could've been a scottled. I could've been a scottled. Oh, you could've been a scottled. Oh, yeah. The thing is, you have to rely on your training and you want to make training as most realistic as possible and you want to push yourself from your training and you want to train like you fight, you know, or practice like you play a game. So you need to wear all your gear. You need to put yourself under stress. You know, we simulate that by doing stress suits where you do a bunch of physical stuff, your tired or run and do sprints and just try to get used to doing that, you know, under pressure when you're tired. When you're breathing hard, so it gets to a point where it's just muscle memory that you don't even think, you know, you just react and you just do it. But it takes thousands and thousands of reps to be able to do that. And you know, and some people, some people can't, you know, I've worked. I was on the swat team and Detroit, the full-time swat team and even on the fast team and as a de-age and a Detroit police officer, you know, there's some guys you think are all squared away and I call them Chrome engines all showing no go. When they go down with the rubber hits the road to real combat, you know, they might shoot great on a flat range and do this, but they can't hit the broad side of the barn when bullets are flying back. So it's intense. Yeah. I can only imagine, man. Yeah. It's curious because yeah, like I said, in my experience, which is, you know, next to nothing, it is all for pretend and it is any any stress we have. We're putting it on ourselves, but yeah, I could only imagine the level that you guys would have have to have. What about, uh, did you guys do any kind of like breathing exercises? Because I've heard of that and I've heard of like box breathing has been used in special forces and stuff. And I found I used box breathing in just everyday life if I need to reset myself. And I could only imagine how beneficial it could be in a situation like that. Well, and I even learned this when I was trying out for the SWAT team to try way back in the day in 1992, like before, you know, you get your breathing, you get excited and you start breathing hard. Like before, like we would enter a room like say we're doing a room clearing or building clearing. Before you enter that room, they would have you take a couple deep breaths in through your nose out through your mouth to try to get your heart rate down and your blood pressure down. But like you said, you get in that when you're in a fight or flight situation, you get what's called perceptual narrowing where your eyesight increases, your hearing decreases. And a lot of the blood it flows to your vital organs for protection. So it goes to your core. So you start losing that defined dexterity, that fine motor skills. And that's why we went back more to like a softly shooting where you're facing your opponent as opposed to like a blade and weaver stands because you get in that situation, you're going to face your target. So we started learning to shoot that way and shooting with both eyes open and doing different things like that. So you do do some of the breathing and also a big thing too, which I even started doing when I was playing college football as doing, was going over scenarios in your head. This happens. This is what I'm going to do with that happens. So you have a plan before something happens. So you're just going over different scenarios in your head and your body, brain doesn't know what's real, what's not, you just run these scenarios in your head and that seems to help too. Yeah, thank you. Just like I said, it was a selfish question, but I really wanted to hear what you had to say in that. Cliffs notes version is if you are born about as you're about to. Yeah. I mean, I got to be honest, Joe, you tell me all that stuff and I understand, but I'm also very aware that like you said, I imagine if bolts were flying back at me, it's I'm not hitting the broadside of the barn. No. That's just another level and it's why people are special and I think it's also why your story is so great because we've excelled in a ton. Yeah. But I think that the true tell is you took on a situation after your accident that you rose honestly higher than you ever had before. I mean, you had a lot of advantages genetically, physically, mentally, all these things when you had all of your health and everything else, which would make it easier for people to downplay. Well, Joe is special. Joe is a badass. That is what he is. When you take away something like vision, yeah, for me, I realized I did not realize how bad as you were because, I mean, come on, it's a four year time between your accident, losing your sight, your whole life being flips upside down to winning a bodybuilding show. That's beyond special. And I think that that's the part we talk about on the show is mental strength and there's no stronger case I've ever heard of. So, you know, I hope that those are listening and watching this can really grab that up is your physical strength disappeared in an instant and you use your mental strength to get more back. Yeah, yeah, and that's crazy. And that's what I'm glad that I had that good mental and inner strength before that, you know, doing sports and growing up and doing different things. And, you know, just I've always wanted to push myself and be the best of whatever I did, you know, and people listeners are probably think this is crazy too. You know, I'm legally blown. Can't see. Crap. I can't shoot with special optics. And, yep, since I've been blind, I've shot nine deer. I got two with one shot. It's Alan Vidio. You got two with one shot. Is that what you just said? Yes. Two with one shot. It's Alan Vidio. I've killed a black bear in West Virginia, two emigators in Louisiana, a while for Florida. I've been a tangle skydive, jumping blind, snow skiing blind three times, play golf blind, um, Brad, a five-cate blind, all kind of crazy shit. I'm tapping out. Hell. Yeah. Yeah. It can go to the press. You appreciate this one. They do have blind hockey too, which I've considering. There we go. Oh, now you're talking my man. Wow. I got one more question for you. And it might be a little bit like, you know, a little bit surface. But, um, you lost your sight in 2011, correct? Yes. Okay. So, what would you say, because you were a guy who's been like in the real shit, the realist of real shit as a cop, as a SWAT team, and as military? What would you say are a couple of maybe the most realistic movies? Because I'm a real movie guy. And sometimes I see stuff, and I'm like, this isn't military guys must hate this. And then there's the odd movie I see, I think. I wonder if they love this one. Well, I kind of, I would have said, um, Rome survivor. What? I learned a lot of the stuff that one of the gentlemen that survived said was not true. Oh. So that kind of like, you know, crushed my hopes. I know, American, American sniper. I think was pretty realistic. Okay. But I understand that a lot of that stuff wasn't true either. But you're talking like, maybe the story was altered, but the actual like combat scenes and how to put it out. Yeah. Yes. Yes. You know, in the movies, you see, you know, there'll be shooting, so maybe shooting on full lot of mad for two minutes. Yeah. And what doesn't last that fast, you know, I'm magazine. You can dump it in like a second or two. Yeah. Right. So this and this like, you know, not reloading. It is kind of crazy. But yeah, you know, there's, there's a crazy movie I just saw that really brought me back. And then combat was that movie warfare this out in the theater now. About to do backup for a second. The movie you just saw. Yeah. How does that work? Oh, I'll listen to. Okay. I was like, hold on. You just. Right. So that fascinates me. You're still taking in cinema through the fact that you're hyper aware of the sounds and what you're listening to. Yes, and sometimes it's like not a lot of action and not a lot of, I'm like, okay, what's going on now? So sometimes I get asked some questions, but for the most part, I get the gist of what's going on. That's so awesome. Wow. That's amazing. Okay. And Joe, I was excited to have you on. And I hope that the listeners are as blown away as I'm because I'm sitting there going, I can go for hours. I mean, the amount of stuff that you've done and the pieces of tossing and the hunting currently and all that, it's mind boggling. Where can people find you or where can they see more of your interviews or when you're, I know you do some speakings. Is there a place they can go to see all of that to kind of, if they want to grab more information and get more inspiration from you? Yes, sure. I actually have a website for my speaking. It's jopjop.us and it has information on me there. And you can just Google me too, on the internet now, and a bunch of stuff pops up. So, you know, it's like, I like spreading the word and talking to people doing this motivational speaking because, you know, when we're out there thinking, you know, we're having a bad day, bad month, bad year. It always could be worse, believe me. And it's good for me to tell my story and speak to and it's helping other people. It's awesome, man. I'll be sure to put the website to down below. So guys, go down to the description, check it out. Oh, yeah. Thanks very much. We appreciate you having on, Joe. You've been fantastic. Thanks for having me, fellas. I still want to find out how to get a PKM from one of those bizarre stuff. You guys figured out, let me know. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If PKM does, God's going to be sending me pictures of exactly which one that is now. Yeah. It's kind of the Russians version of our belt-fed machine gun, like our M6D, or we now have the 240. Oh. And you know, I can't imagine that you took one of those. That's amazing. That, you know, I'll hear like, Officer gets shot in the head or this and I'm like, oh, my God. I'm like, Joe, you got shot in the dam, man. Yeah. I'm a big guy. So good. That guy's for sure dead, man. I'm amazed that you can shoot in there. There's optics that you can use. I love that. Because I would have thought that would have been taken away from, yeah. I think that's so cool. Yeah. It's great. And I go on these wounded warrior hunts and with these other guys, and you know, the biggest thing, we just want to feel normal again. You know, it's normal for us to have a gun in our hand. It's normal for me to be in the gym. You know, you just want to be normal. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. Thank you very much. Joe Prasante, appreciate you. Appreciate your story. And everyone appreciate your service. I'm sure. So thank you for humbling all of us on Monday morning here. Exactly. Yeah. Thank you, Joe. Joe, I'll catch up with you this week. I'll give you a call too. I appreciate it, Dusty. Okay. Cheers. I feel like a bit of a pussy after having to go on. I did before the accident and now I double. I try not to complain about my aches and pains, and then I find myself doing it occasionally. And I will keep my mouth shut for at least three weeks. I think. Yeah. Right. Well, right. Yeah. Yeah. So I love your comment. You're like anybody who's scared to go to failure. Yeah. We're a good cover training to failures. You're going to kill them. And listen, I, you know, another thing I was thinking is, you know how you hear sometimes people are like body building. It's just about a plastic trophy. It's not worth. Dude, he said the words, you know, body building was part of body building family, saved my life, you know. Yeah. And I think that is such a cool example to see how body building could be such a positive, freaking force in somebody's life. Yeah. Guy like that, who's, you know, spent his whole life like extraordinarily gold driven and always having to create things to overcome. Like I'm going to, you know, join the police force and then like I'm going to go for the SWAT team. And then I'm going to, you know what I mean? Yeah. Also, yeah. And then going to go into DA and then all that's, you know, let's, let's step it up and not just be DA, but we're going to do this new fast team. And we're going to, like, always trying to step up levels in life. Yeah. And body building is essentially about like endlessly chasing small goals and elevating, elevating, elevating every single thing about what you're doing. So it just to put it in perspective run, like when he talks about the fast team. So like in the gun world and the two-way community, that would be like the equivalent of not only the Olympia, but like the top, like for all the guys that are out there shooting and stuff and and for everybody who thinks that that stuff is cool, like those guys are like the top five of the Olympia. That's who the first team was, you know? Right. Right. Yeah. I think that's what I think is, you know, the first team to make it and there's, you know, guys trying out that don't qualify 30, 38 guys go that are all extraordinarily trained and only 11 make it. Yeah. You know what I mean? And yeah. When's the last time somebody did a body building prop and lost all their toenails? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So great stuff. And yeah. I needed that. I'm going to, I'm going to put that to work this week. Yeah. And I hope that everybody listening puts that to work this week. You know? Yeah. I mean, just hearing them sat up in the helicopter. Yeah. Like, you know, you think you're dragging a dead body on the chopper and then the guy sits up and starts talking. Just crazy stuff that, you know, that you only see in movies. Well, I think too that the big takeaway I hope you grab is the gratitude. Yeah. Yeah. I knew him during all of this. And yeah, I mean, obviously at hard days. But overall, he's not dwelling on them. No. And never really did. I mean, obviously you have moments. But I mean, overall, just nothing. And I hope more people will realize like, and even him, what's he saying as he's going through us, there's people that haven't worse than me. Instead of, I got to get out of the head and him blind. I mean, that's a list of me honestly. Yeah, it's a free page to me if you want to be mad at life for a minute. But he just opts to go the other way. And I think we need to do that more often. Just like, yeah, 100%. Yeah. And I don't know a lot about I'm still can't, it's can't get over what he was shot with. He didn't take a nine mill to the shoulder. No. It took a little bit of right fall round right through his head in and out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, through the helmet. Yeah. So the helmet probably saved his life because it slowed the bullet down just enough. Maybe it had to have been, I mean, still can't get on this side. Realistically, it's one of those cases where if he was differently positioned by a. Anything. Yeah. Right. He's got. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it is one of those cases where it's weird to say, you were really lucky. You're shot in the head and lost your eyes and you're very lucky. Your eyesight. Yeah. Because any movement at all and you're just gone, you wouldn't even know what happened. No. I had a freaky story. My brother when he was doing his early days of medicine, he had to do some emergency room stuff. Yeah. You know, he's infectious disease, but he had to work in like the ER and he actually worked in the ER in Chicago at one point. That'll keep your business. And he saw a guy, when he was in Calgary, he saw a guy come in who fell on a construction site. He had a piece of rebargle right through his head. Oh. And they cut the rebar off and put him on the ambulance, left it in his head, sent me to the ER and they had to like figure out how to remove it. Wow. And they removed it and the guy lived. And I guess he had like issues where he didn't remember like a whole bunch of grades. Okay. Like there were periods of his life. He couldn't remember, but he was still like completely functional. I'm surprised Joe could remember any of that day. Yeah, all those details. Remember running to the helicopter. And you're like, down to the details. Crazy. Yeah. I can't remember yesterday. You know, nothing happened to me. I just, yeah. No, man. Okay. Well, thanks everybody. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and yes, and remember I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Use dusty or big round of your codes. Get your ice of search, get your all in, and everyone. Get on the gear. Thank you for everyone that shops on mutant. We appreciate your code usage. Yes. Yes. Okay. And remember everybody is just bodybuilding. Thanks to the Patriot people. You guys are awesome. Yes. That's how I'm in a crew. I was blanched. Why are we whispering? I don't know. I don't know.