Everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. Of course, Big Ron Parlo, Dusty Han Shah, Scumming Nalli. Got all the guys here. Remember, mutant supporting us big times to go to imuton.com and use your code Dusty20 or Big Ron20. And also, the Patreon, for think, big body building network, much appreciated for everyone and the hits of Patreon. So go to the Patreon link, support think, big, and we appreciate it everyone. And remember, like share, subscribe, comment, and bring them out. There we go. Yeah, well, it's a lot of traffic. Boom, the graphics always there, but now I can integrate it. I don't have to put it in post production. So as we go. I didn't know it was there because I don't know if it's a show. So that's what I do right now. I just want to say to, like, look at our fancy little, kind of makes us look a little different than the other podcast. I like that. Maybe this got a little nuts and box. I also have to point out Ron's amazing new camera. Look at this skin. It's good. It looks a little flawless. Yeah, you look good. Yeah, you look good. I've got a logic tech. It's got 4K. Yeah, that's a good one. I don't know if I need that, but if I want to zoom in on something, I can. Yeah. I don't want to zoom on. I'm pouring it. I'm pouring it. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to want to see the screen. You're going to want to zoom in. Yeah. I don't use it for the show, but for home board, I definitely have that. I've got three of them. Yeah. You already knew this guy told you that story. Interesting. Because your live streaming every night. It's all about the angles. It's angles or everything. Come hang out with us. Okay. Dusty's like nervously laughing because I'm a little too close to home. You're going to actually have a link up. You shut your mouth. Yeah. I need to go on my three games. Okay. So what are we starting off the show with guys? We're talking about, are we talking about bodybuilding myths? What are we talking about? Scott. Yeah. I think that was it. We were all going to try to come up with one bodybuilding myth. Something that we maybe believed in the past or something that people generally believe. Maybe something that, because I know that there's even things like a decade ago that I would have held true to. Like a simple one might be like you got to have way protein isolate after you train. You got it because it's got to get in there quick. And then from there we got like the hydrolyzed way, which was even faster and more expensive. You know, and fast. Yeah. And now we realize that as long as you get the protein in, there's no like one hour window. And after that, you know, you're all like window. Yeah. So that was one. Not too huge. That's a huge, that's a huge thing. Scott is over thinking that timing of proteins. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, I thought that would be just a place to get started. But I was curious to hear what you guys might have to add to this topic. And who knows, we might even educate somebody who still thinks of one of these things as true, right? Well, the thing with the protein one is people have to remember that, you know, like let's say you eat eight ounces of steak. Yeah. That steak takes like, you know, what? I mean, eight to 12 hours to actually fully completely digested and absorbed. So you have amino acids dripping into your bloodstream from that steak for hours and hours and hours. So let's say you eat a steak at four o'clock pm and then you go train chest at six. And you're done your chest record at seven. You weren't like without amino's in your blood. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's a lot of proteins still in your blood. You ate a steak like three or four hours before that. It's still absorbing. Obviously you want to put some more it. Aminos in because you want to, you know, keep feeding the machine. But this urgency, like there's some kind of emergency that your bloodstream has no protein in it. Isn't exactly how your body works. There's a lot more overlap than that. And people people forget about all that that overlap. And it's in everything. There's a lot of overlap that people don't think of. They want to define things and put them in rigid categories like post-workout meal, Permacut meal. These meals have to be this way. But it's, it's really a lot. It's a lot more blended than that. You know what, if I can add one thing to the, it got me like instantly as you're saying that. And maybe it's because I'm on my third cup of coffee. But my brain's moving real quick, you know? And I started thinking that we went to the extreme or people went to the extreme and then they're like, Well, it, you know, it doesn't matter. So you don't, it's a myth that you need six, seven meals a day. You can really do it in two or three. But the reality is, is that for me to grow muscle, I'm like, you know, if we're looking at like some additives, I'm like an actomorph. And for me to get all the food in, I would need in three muscles. It would be like a mega feast. So, you know, could you get away with doing three meals? You know, and still be able to grow muscle. I think you could if it makes sense. Like, does it logically make sense to eat that much at once? And I eaten, you know, 14 ounces of chicken, 16 ounces of chicken per meal. You know, four cups of rice and whatever else. Yeah. The meal frequency thing for a lot of people just comes down to like volume of food. You're just trying to manage volume of food. You know, the really big guys that are eating six, seven meals. That's just, they're just trying to manage meals. Yeah. But, you know, I mean, I've lots of people that I have them on five meals. And like, I've given people a five meal diet. And they're like, oh, I thought they'd be six. They don't have these six. And I'm like, well, you know, maybe it's 140 pound of female. Right. And if I break her food into six meals, her meals are just tiny. Two ounces. Right. Yeah. So maybe she has four meals in a shake. And then she's got a little bit more substance to her. You know, she's actually having like, you know, one and a half chicken breast with a cup of rice and some veggies for a meal. And instead of like some little fractional little feeding of the meat. Right. And it's not going to be the satisfying anybody. Right. So size of meals makes a difference. Like you have to be satiated after your meal. You know, you can't have a meal that's so small that there's no end to the hunger trigger. You know, there's just being enough food there to like do something. Yeah. I feel like the the majority of the myths that I've run into. It's, I mean, like, for example, I think another myth is is the giant fear. Like there's a line between overtraining and, you know, and what I find like, and I find under stimulating. You know, in the gym. So it's like, I know like when I was a kid and I got started. I know we've had this conversation before. I used to go to the gym and I'd be like, I'm not going to leave until I puked. Right. Like or, or you know what I mean? Like there was, there was no rhyme or reason. It just went into the gym and I was like, I don't know how to train like, I didn't know how to train intensely yet. So I trained hard. Yeah. That makes sense. So it was like just balls to the wall on as many things I could and I would leave because there wasn't enough intensity to, you know, to make that overtraining. So to speak. So I think actually, you mean actual, you inside the muscle intensity. Yes. And that's where people don't get it. It's like, I write programs every day that I would never have done in my prime. Because it would have been too much. No, so I find that overtraining is something that's, that's, it's not a myth, but it's just overused because most guys don't train hard enough in their individual sets for overtraining to ever be a problem. Yeah. Or as Lee Priest used to say, you can't overtrain unless you under eat. Right. Right. I also think people forget that overtraining is not like a thing that just happens to you today. Yeah. Oh, I did too many sets of quads. So therefore they're not going to grow. That's not how your body works. It's like a systemic thing over time. You know, you slowly get behind on recovery. You slowly get a little more, you know, back to up, I guess, on the amount of workload you're pumping in and then you eventually get to a point where in a state of overtraining. Right. But it's not something that like happens today. Yeah. If you're like overdo it for a while to get into that true state of overtraining and, you know, obviously as someone's dieting really hard, they're overtraining threshold is going to be different because their calories are so much lower and their recovery is going to be slower and there's so many factors, but yeah, you don't have to worry about it today. You're not going to like shrink if you do one extra set of squats, like you'll be fine. Let's find this. It's something we all have to learn and I remember. So when Brandon Curry was really coming up, I mean, he'd always been around always doing well. Like he'd one, you know, like Arnold, South America or something before that, but you know, when he won the Arnold USA and then he won the Olympia, like he was on fire at that time, right? And when I had talked to him, we asked him, I was like, man, what really changed? You know, what changed to help you get so good because you're good before, but now you're really good. And he said, you know, I, I had always listened to the podcast and listened to a lot of education and I was always afraid of overtraining. And it was like, then, and I said, what was different about oxygen? That was a big part of it. He said, and then I, you know, trained at oxygen, I realized that with my genetics, I don't have to worry about that. There's the key with my genetics. Yeah, that's a key line that I don't know that some of them, I don't think the elite understand Scott. Yeah. So like I was talking to Dre at one time, okay? And she was saying, you know, we were talking about the drugs in female vibe, I should say, let me refresh. I was talking about, right? Yeah, I mean, I'm like, of course. And she's, but it was funny because she said, I don't know why they, why so many women do that. And I thought, in the back of my head, because they're trying to catch you who doesn't have to. Yeah, you know, it's a tricky spot that people don't think of the genetics. Like, of course, the assumption is that, well, if, if this guy is this big and Ronnie Coleman is one and a half is times he must be taking more drugs. I'm not saying he doesn't, I don't know, but I wouldn't bet on it. Like, I bet you. He's taken the same or less and he just responds better. Yeah. That's where we know that have really good genetics. And we personally know what they've done. It would hurt people's feelings. There are a lot of hurt feelings with some of the ghosties that we are privy to and actually aware of. Yeah. Yeah. And that's where I think then that doesn't mean that, you know, other people people with less genetics. You guys are definitely genetics appear genetically superior to me. I'm obviously, I'm better than other people in the world. There's, you know, there's all sorts of love on your right or steps. Yeah. But that doesn't mean that I can't still grow. You know what I mean? And that's where I really started coming in to figuring out, um, frequency, you know, getting as much as I can out of a smaller amount of training. So that I could get out recover and then get that trigger again, you know, and it's so basic. But it all goes back to me now. At this point, it's like my whole world of bodybuilding has come full circle. Like initially it was about training and then it was about the food and then it was about the drugs. And now it's, and then it went really hard into the food and now I'm back to the training because I realize like that is the foundation of it all. You put the trigger that you get, that's what allows you to grow. And more frequently you can get that trigger and recover, you know, the better you're going to be able to do. So yeah, there's people who have failed something that our thing is key is the very rarely in my entire career of helping people watching people is volume increasing the answer. Hmm, but on the same sentence, in many, many times frequency increasing has been the answer. Oh yeah, I could see that. I see you're not, you know, it's, you're making sure there's enough time to rest on low sets. But you're trying to get back to doing it again as soon as possible. The idea, you know, the principle behind DC training is if most people are training everything. Fifty two times a year. Well, what if you're training it x amount more that means you're having more chances to grow on paper like in the most simple mindset it makes sense. And I feel like that's where things work the best is in general. If you can step back being a newbie is sometimes safe because you just make it really basic. Well, if I do it more often. With a little less fine wouldn't that mean I have more chances. Yeah, possibly even that's how Kobe Bryant Bryant made a career. He did the simple math. If I do my first workout at four in the morning and my last one at 10 p.m. I will get two more workouts per day than everyone I could compete against. And over time I will be better than them. Right, right. It was. Yeah, yeah. No, that's a frequency. It's always been like the thing that I wrestled with because I lacked the skill of being good at backing off my volume enough to make frequency increases work properly. Does that make sense? Yes. Absolutely. I tried to train things twice a week a few times and I didn't like I didn't get better. I managed to like, you know, keep my strength through a prep and like look good. But after I analyzed the amount of extra work I did training everything twice a week, I didn't look better. And it's just wasted. Yeah, and I didn't, but I didn't approach it from the point of view like, oh, well, that doesn't work. I, I approach it from the point of view as, I didn't quite get that right and then figure out out. Yeah, I was doing, I was still doing too many sets for each workout and you know, so it didn't make it didn't make me better. I could have trained everything once a week and been just as good at that show because, you know, how I looked here before versus how I looked that year. It wasn't, it wasn't better. I didn't improve anybody parts or anything like it was, it was one of those things. So I just felt like I never really figured out the volume thing. And I think about this program I did when I was in high school once was called like the Bulgarian power burst. It was like got a muscle mag. You know, it was one of those programs you were got a muscle mag. Leo, Leo, costus and Tom Plats were involved, you know. And, and, and, and I remember the volume, the frequency was high. It was like everything three times a week. But the volume was literally like two worksets. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And I, I, I look back to that program I did in high school and I'm like, What if I, what if that program would, would work better for me, had I understood like, How to get the most out of a set and understood everything a little bit better. You know what I mean? Like, you know, my, my two working sets in high school were probably a little sloppy or a more reckless and, you know, that sort of thing. So I, I sometimes think about that program and maybe, you know, maybe, maybe I should have tried that. And then I listened to, you know, listen to, um, it's got talk about fortitude training. Yeah. Right. And, and his frequencies fairly high on that stuff, isn't it? Yeah. It's like full body, you know, like, it'll be like a heavy upper body pump lower body in the same way. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. And I, I think that's kind of interesting to me, but I never tried it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'm still open to like, you know, some people think, Oh, you and us, you're a progressive overload zealance. Right. I put that. Well, like, no, no, it's just I tried everything. Yeah. That's the only thing that, like, like, progressive overload worked for me. Like, I, I, and whether or not you think it worked well or not is up for argument, but like, When I trained that way, I saw a strength increases. When I trained that way, the scale moved. When I trained that way, people told me I was looking huge. When I trained out, you know what I mean? Like, there's a reason why I kept gravitating back to that Dorian style training. Because every time I settled into a good groove, I would be like, this is, this is working. To a degree. I mean, right. Maybe there would have been something that worked better, but I just never figured out another way to train. I tried and didn't, you know, as I did high volume for like two years straight at one point in the middle of all this and it's not like everyone was like, what's going on? Dude, you're way bigger. Nothing. That didn't happen. So, you know, I don't know what the answer is, you know? Yeah. The answer is, is person a person, right? Like, I feel like that's where things get tricky and bodybuilding. Like you said, especially when people assume your, your focus is one way. I gravitated towards DC because I saw people who were built like me doing it. I mean, structurally and really changing. And I was like, okay, structurally, I look like them. So if I train like that, and I'm mentally, I have the ability to do that. This is good. And all kidding aside, you know what's going to sound like a joke. I needed a scoreboard. Like when I played sports, there was a scoreboard. You ended the day with a winner, a loss and the logbook was my scoreboard. I've always hated anything that is up in the air. Like if I said, oh, how is X? They're like, it's good. What is that means, sorry? Yeah. Like, how good? What does it mean good? Whereas if somebody said, how was your work at this, it was the best chess work I've ever had my entire life today. Yeah. Because it's on paper. I got two more than four. Two these numbers. And my, you know, and the way I perform the reps. Yeah. This is literally my best workout of my entire life. That was good for me. And on the flip, if I didn't have a good day, you could never go like, well, but I think I thought a good palm. You know, bro, I think it was pretty solid. Okay. Today's salt. So listen, we've got so much stuff here, guys. I have to tell you, Dusty came prepared today. This is my, you guys can't see this, but there's this list. Ron hands the list. We have a list. Like Dusty, a list of objectives for us. Ron, did you know that? I did. It was the best artist. You credited me for 430 in the morning. Yeah. Actually did them and hit send. What was e-mail? So, you asked Dusty, message to it. 430 in the morning. I wake up. I look at my phone and our group text. So do we have any topics? So you guys are thinking of, yeah, 430 in the morning. And this is on his mind. What about this one, though? I like this with all the information at our fingertips. Do you think that some, especially beginners, are over-complicating the process? And that, I think, especially goes for like our followers. Because if you're watching these shows, like you just look, part of it is that we love learning. You know what I mean? And there's so much you can learn. Yeah, which is great, right? That's in itself. It's cool. I think that that's the basis of a lot of what we talk about on this show is, you know, there's so many fancy words out there and so many fancy principles to grasp. And there's so many posts coming through our feeds saying, you know, optimal sleep patterns are found when, you know, this happens. And this happens. And so you get people that are like, you know, just, you know, obviously joking, but you know, they're taking out their digital blood amino acid tester and, you know, and, you know, giving himself liver biopsies before bed to make sure that they're in the reverse hour performing optimally and hooking themselves up to, you know, heart monitors, you know, every night to make sure they're sleeping is perfect and, you know what I'm saying. And I just, I feel like it really does come down to like that joke we made on the air a little while ago about the bottle of tests on the Costco membership. So yeah, and, and like I really also to. I'm a big believer in like, you know, there's, there's, there's, there's what's perfect and optimal and all that, but there's also something to be said as an athlete or anyone who's just trying to like build a business or you're just trying to accomplish a goal. There's something to be said about keeping your mind clutter free. Like, like, the more cluttered you are, the more like just think of it as like being in like a cluttered room that has toys all over the floor and stuff in the doorbell rings. And you got to get to the door, you have step around all this stuff, you know, I feel like that's how people get through their day is just stepping around toys and over garbage and moving stuff out of the way. And it might be a pile of books there that are really good books, but they're in the way you got to move them out of the way to get, you know what I mean like it doesn't the knowledge might be fantastic stuff, but it's clutter. For you, for you specifically like it's clutter, it's clutter. It's not necessary at this point in time and I just feel like that that's where a lot of people are right now. There's just so much clutter in their head and then that this doesn't doesn't just go for body building. It's like we're talking about anxiety levels and people now and how everyone's so stressed out because they're being bombarded with too much stuff on their phone and all that that's all clutter to like we're doing this. We're doing this in a really big way to ourselves and and it's this is just one of the the results is people just having too much going on in their heads. What do you think Scott? Yeah, I totally agree with that and you know and sometimes I see it and sometimes you know it's I see well I see it in the education because there are there's a lot of fun stuff you can learn that you don't necessarily need and that's okay like that's great. But just you have to also know how to put that in into perspective and you know I used to think that training had to be the certain way and I remember somebody asked me like hey how do I really get focused to go in the gym and train that I really thought about it and I kind of wrote up this little script almost of like what my experience is like getting into the gym you know getting ready for work out. And I thought it was so beautiful and I you know because yes, you could imagine like I really got into it the little details you know and and I showed it to Scott Stevenson and I was like hey I was thinking I could save this and send it to other clients that you don't want it to figure out how to get their intensity up and stuff and and how to focus and he said well you know yeah it's okay. I was like it's okay you know it's perfect. Yeah this is what you do this is what you do. He said it's step three turn the music. He's like it's good if that's the way you like to train. I was like okay yeah so so I guess the thing is is that this you know if you don't like training that way then it's not going to be fun and if it's not going to be fun that it's not going to be the workout for you like it's awesome as a DC training is awesome as progressive overload is. If it absolutely terrifies you and you're not going to have fun with your workout and you can't get your head around it it's not the workout for you right now doesn't mean that's always going to be the case and I could remember having pre workout ceremonies that would take an hour and I just get overwhelmed with it like well shit okay so I got to take I got to eat this meal and then I got to take the insulin and then after that I have to get these shakes together and put these two powders in and then okay and I got to get that shaking up and then I got to get the growth hormone you know all this stuff it would become over. We become overwhelming and it no longer is fun and that kind of thing that it was clutter at that point was it going to be better you know optimal if I were to have all those things lined up absolutely could I have done probably almost just as well without it absolutely. What do you call that run like does it move the needle like that that's the big question mark with things you do because. I get asked that all the time and I and I multiply that by a hundred when I'm thinking of people who are more well known for their for. schooling side of bodybuilding because I was laughing because people be like when do I when you take your growth hormone and my interest when you won't forget. Right that's when I would take it like when you will never forget it is fine like and I know that is at the correct answer scientifically no and there's a full breakdown. It's funny because I used to tell people to take it at night because John drew it right whole thing up and he was like he was well that's true he actually messed with you because that's true as long as we're taking four I use your last. And I would John will be honest to actually want people to get it in I don't really give a shit when they take it. They just they need to take it like it's not that big a deal and I know that we're teaching them. Like perfection but I feel like it's important to go back to but are you going to the gym and slang and bang because that's the magic. Like I see kids in our gym right now and it's funny I guess I'm just getting old but I'm not getting old and grumpy now with all the crap going on my life. I'm getting old and like looking back and being like yeah I remember that because these kids are coming in there and they're just blasting and they have no idea what they're doing. And I'm like good that's how you do it. Yeah do that blast your ass off work as hard as you can and eventually you'll learn the other stuff but you've got the important part now which is going here and have fun and kick the crap out of yourself. That's the magic you know what I mean yeah I literally had a kid the other day you'll love this run out of kid the other day and he almost missed on a bench. So I came over and grabbed it I said hey if I'm here like grab me for a set I can spot you two seconds there he's like kind of gave her spots was like sure. He gets a couple extra reps you know and I was like man I get a good vibe from this kid. He's nine in the morning I'm like he's got to be 19 or 20 years old because it's like middle of the week and he shoots me at an email that day. Yeah and he's like hey I'm the kid from the gym I wanted to see if there's any way I could hire you to train me for a session. Oh nice and I was like I can't charge this kid like he's in there killing himself and I can't train him in the gym either. So I was like how do you just meet me for a workout this week? Cool man and he was like all right so we trained back. I told him I was like I've been watching for a minute because he trains hard as like how would I make a couple adjustments to a train because he was going in there and like warming up and he got whatever 135 on a go to failure. And then go up and wait and I'm like oh right the effort is there but the thought process isn't you know so we go through the whole thing. Getting awesome workout but then the big bonus that I loved was I have I feel like De Niro I've got a neck for picking the right guy because I was like how old are you anyways and he was 17 I'm like. 17 wow why are you like the gym at nine in the morning just. I graduated earlier things to do in life because I moved out I live on my own. I have a job I'm like wow oh yeah he's like I'm never charging you for anything. You want to know you are the kid from like 1980 that somehow is pulling this off in 2023 you know but it was awesome because again the thing that drew my attention was he was killing himself and he was in there by himself. I'm going to go to failure on a bench press and not asking anyone for help but I'm like that's some dumb shit I would have done. Yeah it's good topic though there's because that is something I think that we all need to reevaluate even guys like us who have been doing it for a long time I think it's important and so it's ever since I had that conversation with Dr. Mike Miltech about dopamine and about overtraining and it really does come down to us having fun are you having fun focused on this moment. Or are you worried if you're worried you're thinking about the future you're thinking about what needs to happen or you're worried about the past and how things went. You access a completely different sort of brain chemicals and it's not going to they're not the ones that are going to help you grow you know and that's honor off gear you know. Stress makes such a big negative impact on us. Yeah it's what I don't believe it. Yeah it's amazing what having a good time does. Yeah yeah we don't have a mean. Yeah what the one of the the one more myth I was going to bring up. Oh yeah see what you guys think and it drives me insane don't you learn people say. Oh yeah it's nice and hot. We get. We're going to go say that. He's out about that. He's doing he's doing step mill with a sweat suit on he's going to be. And I'm like people. I try to get crazy. We have a lot of that around here there there's always been a lot of that around here. I tell people I'm like if you want to get lean faster you should actually train in a freezer. We're going to actually do your cardio in a freezer with no shirt on. Right you'd be shivering like crazy. I don't know how do you guys does that bother you and people say that. Or do you guys. Doesn't you get to the read but it makes you laugh. No I don't I don't agree but it's. I think it's one of those things where some. I try to file it under effort and say okay. You're trying to make it harder which I back. Right I respect that. But other than that like you know if you get into it like. I used to train in long sleeves but it was because I didn't want to look at myself. I learned that that was a best way for me to go to the gym and just train. And I've talked about this on the show before it started out because of JJ Marsh. I came to the gym the first time a train with him. And I typed up on shorts. And he goes tank top. I'm like. Yeah. Yeah. The thing is is if you have to wear a tank top to look huge or not. I was like. Oh he goes. See I cover up and when you get huge you can't hide it. Yeah. It's stuck in my mind. So I started buying like long sleeves shirts of train. But then I also noticed because when you're when you're getting into body building I think what people don't realize is when I was young I looked in the mirror more. But you weren't saying you looked good you're like oh he's dealt suck. I got to work on my notes. You're like everything you look at is how terrible you are. So I started doing that to stay covered up. But then in the summer and Arizona wasn't an option. It was too hot. I was like I can't. We're right. I'm going to die. So you know the hardcore was gone. But no I agree with you. That is one of those things that you see regularly. I'd be the guy up there with a fan on the stepmail if I could. I'd like really flip on one's on. Yeah. Yeah. He and hot doesn't burn more fat guys. No. That's hot. He's going to sweat more. And it could just take away from your performance. You know. Yeah. You know. You know. You might. You might. You might. Look. Crazy when you get off the stepmail and drop your pants because you've. You've sweat all the you've sweat so much and you've got the blood pump and your legs might look all crazy. But that doesn't mean that they're going to look exact like an hour later after you've drank. You know, two years of water to rehydrate and everything. You're just going to be back to where you were before I get as nothing to do with fat loss. Yeah. I just love about the journey bed. You know how you do that. You got a tending bed. Good. You get out in your veins. You're just everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. I had done it before. My first coach told me, you know, put a hoodie on. When you get on the treadmill and put another hoodie on over there. Yeah. Yeah. It was like so. Yeah. Yeah. And this so farming tend to hell's powerhouse. It was. It was that that building was so garbage by the end. There were so many leaks in the ceilings. You would think you were in like a some sort of like poke post apocalyptic movie. There's these puddles all over the floor. Literally like that place is falling apart. And it was World Headquarters at the time. Anyway, they didn't have AC. The AC broke didn't get it fixed. And the whole front wall was all windows. So in the middle of summer in Michigan, the humidity is just crazy. And it might have rained yesterday. So now there's puddles on the floor too. And they're like rust puddles. They're just it was the worst. And I mean, they're in like a stutmille right in the window. Just like with my hoodie on and my hoodie on over that. Just walk on my walking sweating, sweating, sweating. Oh. Yeah. Well, mentally you knew you were beast mode. So that's fine. Yeah, you know what? It's the before it was beast mode. There's something there is something to making something harder. You know what I mean? There's something to that. So yeah, I get that. Yeah. But you know, it could have get the way performance. Absolutely. And then then you go on. You want cramping and. It basically cramped up in the car. The way home. Yeah. Yeah. Pulling muscles out. I, I get it. It might mentally make you think I can get. I'm getting shredded. Yeah. Like no one's going to beat me. I'm on that step. No, with my three sweatsuits on and my garbage bags. And I'm just getting shredded. And yeah. Maybe mentally that's that's. That's like, I'm, you know, I don't want to like, hey, I'm not going to come and disturb your zen. You know, I'm not going to come and go. Excuse me. Did you know that you're actually not making it. You're right. You're just hotter. Like, you know, I'm not going to come and tell them that, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's just, it's just not how the body works. If you want to really go sit on your back step and minus in below zero weather. Great. I'm really glad that you pointed this all out. Like, you're, you're the last few sentences wrong because in this day and age, if we say anything, they disagree or they're getting canceled completely. They're immediately hit us because Ron hates sandwiches and hoodies. That's what I said. That's what I said. Ron said you should sweat when you work out. Yeah, you're supposed to be cold. You're cold when you're workout. You're never going to shredded. Yeah. It's not what I said. So I can't remember when he called me as wrong. Yeah. Ronny knows more around parlor. It's a little obvious. We had a really good question. I agree. More Ron. Yes. We had a really good listener question that I can't remember where I found it from. It might have been from Patreon. But it was somebody who I think hasn't competed because he had asked us. He said, hey, what happens between prejudging and the night show? Like, what do the guys do? What is that like? Well, at, um, it's a 2013 North Americans. Um, I had sex between the morning show and the night show. Yes. I always should do that. Did you have to put your knee in touch, stop? No, it's pretty good. Everything around the hips was all right. It was, it was all standing. Don't worry. I didn't like, you know, I got a story. I got a story behind me. I got a story. I got a story. Yeah. Well, back to the night show. Look pretty good at the evening show. Think I would have done better if I would have looked that way at the morning show. But that's just, you know, because it's just one of that sex before morning is what he's saying. Yeah. Yeah. I just started before the morning show. I know. That's one thing I made an adjustment in the notes after that show. I said, you know, note should move the sex to prejudging. But then did you ever wonder after the next show should it be prejudging and then also before the night show? Oh, well, this is probably where we're headed. Right? I mean, if one is good, isn't too better, wait a minute. This is bodybuilding after all. Yeah. That's okay. I got a job. Up the dose. Go ahead. I'm going to tell you story. Up the dose. I worked with a couple. And they were living in different cities at the time. This is it's get, Kanky. Um, I was a coach. I was not there. Okay. There's not so couple thing. It was it. No. They met up at, I think it was junior nationals. So they haven't seen each other for some time. They're both competing. This is, you know, hey, can you bang my wife scenario? Is it? No. Go ahead. They've clients. Let's be professional. I'll be quiet. I'll be quiet. So anyway, though, you know, I'm working with both of them. And the next morning, I can't remember where the hand prints were. But his hand, the his back was just, just right. That's amazing. Completely redo the tan after that. I don't know what happened that night. The next morning, I've teamed went to bed. So good. Next morning, there was hand prints all over it. She got a wrap. All the story correctly. She was in the bathroom. She slipped and started to fall backwards. So she grabbed onto him. And then he leaned back. So they kind of smudged down. That's where they were in the nail marks. Yes. Um, but he protected her head from hitting the ground. So it was not going to say. It was. But I had to recrope that. I appreciate your. It was 2013. And she was class A. Um, I think she was class A actually. Oh, yes. I'm helping Scott with his reputation of telling people's names. So my bad. There you go. That's a good one. That's a good one. I guess. Yeah. I don't know. Morning. Morning tonight show. It just depends. Some people. I have them. Just like just have clean meals. Yeah. You know what I mean? A couple of small clean meals. Maybe they have a leader of water from morning show tonight show. And I just tell them just like keep that water going in. And keep the meals clean. Not too much food. See where you look at, you know what I mean? And another people that's like, hey, you know, put a put a more food in. We got, you know, maybe maybe you think they're going to go to the overall and you're like, Damn, that's super was like, not, you know, he's not his condition. But he's really full. So maybe, you know, you're going to be going up against this super. So there's a little bit of strategy. Sometimes for the overall, you know, maybe it looks like you got an easy class win. But you know what the overall is going to look like. So you might go, oh, let's push the food into you or that sort of thing. But for the most part, you know, you hopefully nailed it for the morning and the Trient main thing that is ideally, you know, hopefully you didn't miss the morning and you're trying to fix things. But, you know, it's just kind of staying calm and and keeping things like, I have people watch their weight. I have people watch their weight because the scale doesn't lie. Like if you look phenomenal at 213. And then you check your weight at four in the afternoon and you're still 213. I'm going to be like, oh, you must still look pretty damn good because you were 213 this morning and you were on the button. But if they check the scale and they're like, oh, I'm 206 now. I might be like, oh, well, I have to have a look at you. Like, you know, what happened? 206 and drier than drier than you can possibly imagine or are you 206 and you look flat. You know, like, where did that wake go? Have you been pissing all day and didn't realize it or you know, like, there's there's some things that have to be thought of. For the most part, I think you're just trying to hold. You, you just reminded me of a, of a myth that I have to point out, which is the idea that guys weigh in and then they carb load and just get drastically heavier. Yeah, I always laugh at that because when I step on skit, like for example, I mean, I have drastic year why I dropped a bunch. But I would typically like the morning of prejaging on two day show. Let's say I weighed 240. By the next night finals, I'd be 230 something, 232. Like dry like and drier and nastier. But I used to laugh because people are man you carbon up man, fill it out getting heavy and I'm like, I'm eating a lot and I'm absolutely lighter. Like I would consistently, once I started dropping weight from pulling the water, it would just keep going. And we would just make sure that the look was fine, like you said, Ron, but like I would say that the answer to the question, if you're a good bodybuilder of what you do between the night and the morning, it's relax. Yep, to feed out sleep. Like I used to literally, it's crisp with laugh, but he would come over, wake me up because I'd go to sleep, he'd wake me up, I'd pose, he'd be like, all right, eat this and this and this and then I'd be like, okay, I'd eat to me, we chat for a little bit and then I'd go back, I don't want to go to bed. And I'd go to bed and then like three hours later he'd come back in, knock on the door, wake up, pose. That was for five days straight. Yeah, I was so relaxed because I owned a business and it was the only time that I would ever completely ignore my business for five days. I wanted to do a sleep and wake up and have conversations with Chris and E, I would even look at the pictures. He'd like, you look nuts, you want to see him, eh? So later. Before we got recording, we were talking about posing off stage when you're getting ready at North Americans. And that's where you turned pro. Do you remember that story between the morning? Because to me, they're all kind of a blur between the free judging of the night show. I don't have like very deep memories of those times, but do you remember that at all? Because that had to be a really cool one. Well, that was the only difference was for that show. It was 2014. And so I go, it's telling you Scott, the best lighting in the hotel. This is where you advance as a bodybuilder. When you first start, you don't want anyone to see. Well, I found that the best lighting in the hotel is right in front of the elevator doors on the first floor. They're down a hallway. And you had a hallway and there's like a little nuck where the elevator is, you know? But that was the best light. So I was doing all of my pictures right there. But I remember two things. Number one, I did my quarter turn pictures first. And I turned to the back and I hit the back, quarter turn. And everyone goes, oh shit. And I'm like, what? And she's like, look, I looked at the picture. And I said, send that one to Christmas to everyone's fucked. Yeah, because I knew. I mean, it was like, it was just perfect. And then from that on, I knew that everything was on point. And then it was funny because prejazzy and Ron, you know how this is. North American stage is really small. So they were like, I don't know how many supers, but over 20. And so they called out the first four guys. And I'm like, sometimes people in line. And I hear Steve go, where's Dusty? And finally they find my number and they call me. So I start walking, I walk to the side because you walk based on the order. Yeah, before I got there, he goes, go to the middle. And I was like, oh, we're done here. Like so that separation between the two, we're just relaxing. And if anything, what's stunk about it, I think Ron can understand this because he did the same. So once I won, it wasn't exciting because I already knew. And then you have years, four years of attempt to get a pro card. And then you win. And I mean, I did not as many as Ron, but I mean, I did eight attempts to get a pro card. Yeah. And the first attempt was fifth. So it wasn't like I was, you know, the guy that was coming his way up. It took that long. And I remember at dinner, Jose was like, you don't seem that excited. I was like, it was kind of time for this to happen. And now I'm the worst professional bodybuilder in the world. Yeah. It was kind of an interesting way of looking at it. But as far as the between shows, it was always the same. Just every few hours. That show, Christy, didn't even come. So we were just sending pictures. But I think the biggest thing is you relax. Yeah. If you stress this killing themselves, like stress cannot help you embody building the hand. I had one where I didn't. It was like an hour and a half away from home. Stay level show that I just went out there. Checked in in the morning. And then, no, I checked in the night before and then got a hotel. And then I had to check out of the hotel because I wasn't going to stay there that night. So between the shows, like, I had nowhere to go. And you see that. You see guys, it just like hang out at the venue, they're laying on the floor. And that was me that year. And I remember it was just me, nobody came with me. And I went to my car and I like just drove off. And I'm like, where can I go? And I found like a park. It was in the summer. So like I found some shade. And I just like turned the AC on and set my seat back as far as I could. And slept, you know, eight food and slept and just relaxed. That was it. I do have memories of that, you know. Those are some of the best memories, too, of competing, you know, or like the, that, that, that, that putting it all together or like, I mean, like, I, like I said, I'm not the genetically gifted guy. Like, I'm, I'm a state level competitor, but like I went to Los Angeles. And I like a week out. I just, I've said it like I'm going to, I'm going to go a week out to do this show in LA. See what it's like to compete there. And I signed up for the show and gotten Airbnb, like in Venice Beach. And then I got to go to Golds, you know, before everything closed down and all that. I think it was just awesome. Yeah, they had, they had, they had, I rented a car. They had like bicycles at the Airbnb. So I could like ride the Golds. Just spent the week doing that. Like Dave Calc came out for a day and hung out with me and we trained and my friend Andrea Watson lived out there. So we like shot some video and stuff and, you know, got to meet a whole bunch of cool people backstage in Los Angeles. And it was just such a fun experience. I hope that people do more of that. And that's a thing too is like when I say that like that, I'm not a pro level guy. I can still have a heck of a time. Like a lot of fun. You know what I mean? You can have a great time competing. You don't have to be like, you know, well, should I be shooting for the Olympia this year? You know, and I'm going to make the, I'm going to be an Olympia competitor. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. What do we have a next dusty? We have the go soon. But we did have another question here. Who in dusty wrote it? How do you know that? Well, it's on your list. Damn it. One reason. Who is the cutest dog in the world? And why is it Donna? I just, I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that. I just wrote that. Well, the Harvey's a man's man. That's well. Okay. You're trying to be cute. He's man. You know, I had to bleed my own word there because I'm up to the one on freaking wrong right now. I'm losing to Ron in the battles right now. But you know, the other words count. I was the, I were the S word, all those. I had one S and two F's. Ron's only had one F the entire episode. I'm a little heath. I'm trying to get him round up. I'm going to say something. Maybe this will help. Well, obviously Donna's way cute of the dead. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Nothing. He's still in swear. Dang it. It's too early. Not. I'm not going to let you trigger me. I'm going to show you. I've been working on my triggering. And I'm not going to react to this. Okay. It's good. Because I mean flat landing is not like freestyle. Oh, oh, oh, oh. It's coming out. We're like the nerds. Everything I can go back. I can't touch anything that also hurts me. So I'm like, no, nothing about an. I can't say that. Okay. Yeah. I did like your, I did like your is really that great in the grand scheme of things. Question. It's nice. Apparently. We have people in need to know. Yeah. I need to. I mean, in your vast experience, because I feel like Ron might have something to say about this, he'll lead this off with. Well, I don't really know a lot about it. And then he's going to roll out a 30 minute diatri. Hey. Put the effort into being prepared. That's all I'm going to say. It's true. It's a valid point. It's a valid point. It's a good. Yeah. It's doing as worth doing correctly dusty and clean. Right. Here's one thing where the amount of effort put in directly affects the amount of enjoyment taken out. That's not. Let's go with it. I like this. I like what we're doing. We're all very clean. Right. Yeah. A lot's being said without anything being said. This is phenomenal. Right under the reader of the. Yeah. There you go. I did have someone say, have you guys figured out this A. I think yet because I need you to return to full F bombs. Yeah. Yeah. That's how they do. I'm not sure exactly if we're going to ever get back to normal normal F. They've lightened up a little bit. Yeah. They've lightened up a little bit. This is on as you don't pull out your concealed carry. Oh, yeah. No concealed carry. Nothing like that. Okay. I want to why there's a sudden reason to push on that. Like I understand other things. But because as a company, like so if people understand with YouTube, when obviously big companies might say like if there's any swearing on this channel, I don't want my ad be put on their videos. So obviously if you're doing no swearing, no political talking or nothing, your channel will monetize better. But to just like basically ban the cross of board just because Ron has passion. You're baning passion right now. This is fascist. And I feel like if Ron was not a straight Canadian man with light skin, we might have some traction to get on, you know. Some sort of attack against him. If he had you know, he was missing a... Some days when he existed. Just isn't all the YouTube figure points. He's right instead of bought off. He's throw it every single little popsicle. I'm gonna cut the last 10 minutes. Right, right, right. The oppression of Ron because he's a white male. Yeah, yeah. This is where he's at. This is just... That's the only way. I'm sorry, my bad. Yeah, yeah, I love it. Anyway, it's not like I've ruined this episode. I'm gonna go get my hernius stabbed. Yeah. Yeah, what's going on? I'll throw a quick. You have a doctor's appointment. Yeah, I have a hernius, but it's just a read on one. But I'm hoping, one of two things going to happen. Either he's going to schedule me for next week or he's going to cut it real quick. Kurnies are not what they used to be. Like he's like, oh, I might go through the office. Dang. And I was like, that would be awesome. And you're awake. So he just like chill and watch. So he would just slice his skin and what, so the mash back together is the mesh just broken or what? Yeah, I don't know if he'll tell you, I assume he would take my mesh out and put it back in. But even the process of recovery is different. But if he can get me in next week, I'm going to tell him to wait even if he can't do it today because I want to go train likes with you. Um, alright. You know, I want to train like. Yeah, what's going on here? Can you tell us about that? I'm going on a quick road trip to capture three episodes of mute non-emission. Nice. So I'm flying to Vegas and train in Dennis Wolf's backyard. Awesome. Awesome. You're all in great. With Dennis Wolf. So I've got him all lined up. We're going to do some back. Okay, Dennis is he's got some cool pieces. And then I'm flying to Phoenix at night. And the next day I'm training with Dusty at the muscle factory. And I'm going to meet the owner there. And he's going to give me a tour of the gym. Dusty night, going to have a workout. And then I'm flying to Dallas. And I'm driving out to Longview, Texas to meet Mike, who owns Iron of Silam. And giant. I've got five of his shirts. Yeah, yeah, giant warehouse gym. He's got everything. And I'm going to fly out there. And I think we're training chest. I haven't heard back from him yet, but I think it's chest. Okay. And then I'm flying home on Sunday. Nice. So that's a wild trip. You got a lot going on there. And I'm trying to fit in like Saturday night. Well, Saturday morning. I'm training with Mike at Longview. Longview. And then we're heading back to Dallas in the afternoon. So I'm going to be in Dallas for the evening. Because I don't fly out till Sunday morning. Yeah. So I talked to Michael from gas. And he invited me over to the house for like a barbecue. He wanted to take me to see the new location of the gym and just like, you know, because I haven't been to the new one yet. Yeah. And he just he wants me to go hang out with with him and the gas crew. So I'm hoping that that's possible Saturday evening. You know, like, I know I'm going to be super tired from traveling and stuff, but hopefully there's there's some room for me to just kind of go visit Michael and see the gas crew and the new location and all that stuff. I'm not shooting there, but, you know, in the future, I could easily return to doing episode there and check it out. So yeah, it's going to be a great trip. That's awesome. And that's a hell of a trip. That's a lot going on. He's on the right now. Right now as we speak, Sean Clarita and and and Drea are at West Coast Iron shooting for mutant. No kid. Yes. So they're in town for the next three, four days getting content because they didn't come up with us when we were all up there. Yeah. And so I'm going to shoot down to the gym and make sure they're doing good and got everything they need and, you know, have some fun here. Just, you know, helping mutant to, you know, make sure I and Drea and Sean have everything they need. So we can we. Iron ball. Okay. That's all they need to do. We wrap in. That's it. Okay. Thanks, everyone. Thanks, Dusty. Thanks, Scott. Thanks to you guys. Thanks for the listener questions. Remember that they get preference. Listen, our questions get get preference. Hit the Patreon. Help out think big body building media. Hit up mutant. I am mutant.com. Remember our codes Dusty 20 and Bigron 20 for 20% off all mutant products. The ISO surge all in the gear. Are you in the gear? Right. I'm on gear. And you got to be on the gear. A lot of gear. A lot of gear. I might change when I went on the gear. I've both my kids on the gear. I was just in. Over the weekend. And I. It's up with you. We went to a supplement shop and I saw they had gear. They in Canada. They carried gear at the supplement shop. Oh, yeah. You better hold shelf of it. Oh, yeah. A lot of gear. Great. Red shelf of gear. Okay. Yes, you're screwed. You know. See, see. I think you're. Yeah, you're a such a great word. Yeah. I also loved how Australians used it to refer to like a girls underwear. Get something like a gear off. Yeah. I get you gear off. Yeah. You're that phenomenal. Well, maybe they were my older buddies. I don't know. Okay. Everyone like share, subscribe. Comment. Yes. And bring the bell. Great timing. I hit it right when you get it. Nice. Nice. Okay. We only have one episode this week because Dusty has emergency medical procedures. I do. And I'm traveling. And I'm traveling. So we will see you next week. And we have a guest next Monday. Don't we. We're working on that. Yeah. We're going to have. It'll be different. But I think you guys are going to enjoy this. I'm super excited. It's going to be. Can we say it's a. We're having a true. Goat. Yeah. That's true. Well, we can say who it is. He's going to be here. So. Well, that we can build some suspense. Yeah. Yeah. Let's leave it. People think it's going to be. He's is a goat like a great question of all time. He might not be a bodybuilder though. I want to throw that in. Because they're like, oh, crap. Get in Ronnie. Right. I'm in Ronnie. I still can't believe you. Ronnie, right? I still can't believe that, you know, we got a professional football player to come on and Tom Brady. That's wild. Yeah. Anyways. He's not. It's not Tom Brady. Guys. It's not Tom Brady. Is it my coach Jordan? It's me. That's a little hit against the brawn by the way. Did I agree with it? Okay. Okay. Thanks guys. Remember it's just bodybuilding. Thank you.