because I mean, that's phenomenal. The separation in the front. Nobody has conditioning like that right now. Bodybuilding nerds, you night! You are listening to bodybuilding nerds radio. Just a couple of nerds who love all things bodybuilding related. This show is brought to you by Think Big Patreon, your or the best. Mutant Nation, use code Big Ron or Dusty to save yourself on some mutant merch and some sweet supplements. Also, supplement source.ca, for listeners up north and true nutrition.com. Use code Think. I'm diggin the way isolate and my cellar case scene blend. It's like one of these or one of these. It's the perfect synergy. You wanna say it's got, it's got. It's got the technology. How you doin? Guys, I can't repeat. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, you've each. There it is. See that first. Yeah. I can't repeat the visual gesture. VJ just made when you said one of these or one of these. You don't get us demonetized instantly. I can't speak of that. But it's two things that go together very well. We'll say that. Yeah. Yeah. How's it going? How's it going? Let me ask you a question first of all. What's up? Are you still beating your meat? Oh, every day, every day, every day. I sure hope so. Man, dude, I gotta tell you, there is, here's the thing. I can even, so the Costco chicken. I think it's like 299, a pound. Right? Now, if I go to the regular grocery store and I get the Meyer chicken breast, it's all like hormone up and each breast is just gigantic and it's all, you talk about the fresh though. You're not talking about the frozen stuff. Oh, God knows. Yeah, yeah, yeah, the fresh stuff. It's just, it's like so fibrous tasting. You know what? I can't deal with it. I feel like the Costco chicken, the 299 stuff, it's not as good as the fancy I'm as chicken breast, it's like 699, 799, a pound. It's not as tender as that, but when you get the old mallet out, and I do, I gotta tell you man, I think I go, like a real chef would probably be disappointed in what it looks like when I tender. I literally like flat in the meat out to the point where you go to pick it up in its in pieces, you know? It's good, though. It's good. I've got a system man, I mean, it makes it so tender. Yeah, that's the best thing about it. I hate fibrous chicken. I just bought a ton of Walmart chicken, you know, just their brand. It was, it was like good prices, like 2.69 a pound. It's pretty dang good, you know? Okay. But it's that chicken with the rib meat, and I think that's the way the fibrous, the fibrous stuff comes from, that would be that's in it, you know? Yeah. But yeah, I just picked up a bunch of that because I'll be throwing that into the diet now. It's chicken time. So you haven't thrown it in yet, like you got that impropriation. I have here in there, but now it's gonna be like, this is gonna be like the majority of the protein intake now, you know? Are you beating your meat? I better start. You better start. Yeah. You better start because it's an old trick. You've got to keep up. Use it or lose it. You don't say that's what they say. They say. So that's the plan. How's the diet going otherwise? Man, I feel like I'm getting fuller. So I can't remember if, I think we last we spoke. I hate like just started a cycle. Man, I was gonna do like 800 tests and 600 EQ. And I said like tentatively, you know, we'll see how they're unfolded, but I need up not going with as much because like 10 days into that with this 400 milligrams per millimeter test, it was crippling, man. I thought it might. Yeah, I thought it might. I was like, I was hopeful in the first couple shots, but after that it went downhill. And then I realized I'd only ever bought one bottle of EQ so that was kind of last that long. I switched things up and I went to, so I'm definitely on 200 tests about three times a week. And I've taken a couple shots of trend ace with that. Now, I haven't committed to the trend ace because like I took one and then I didn't and then I took one and I think I'm gonna commit to the trend ace though. Why not? I don't know. I don't know, man. I've got a bunch of it. I could run and just at, you know, 150 milligrams a week, which is necessarily low dose, but it's enough. It's enough to make something. It's disappointing, man. Yeah. Yeah, so the diet's going good with that, but my point being is that the scale stopped going down, I think I'm putting some muscle on too. Sure. Yeah. Yeah, just holding more glycogen, more fluids and the muscle cells, you're probably your body fat still going on. I saw a picture. Yeah, pretty good. Yeah, thank you. I'm working on it, man. And I'm not comfortable with posting them. Yeah, you know what I mean? But down the road, I'll post something. But I, yeah, so I started eating more protein and with that and with the in a ballics and getting stronger. Like I said, the scale's not really going down. No, like 187, and I get to plea. And I lowered the redder for a little while, but I'm kind of pushing it back up. Now, just as an experiment, it was like, yeah, take a little bit less and see if I get just as good of fat loss. And now I boosted it back up. I know you'll have a lot to say on redder. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't just started it. So I'm just starting to hear in that and I'll chime in more. You know, that goes. But it's going good, man. Loading every Friday. And the loads are going pretty damn good, man. All righty. Yeah. Good. My load days today today. Today's my load day. Oh, being our load day. Yeah, it is being our load day. I got all kinds of energy for this podcast, right? Nice. What's the, what is the load consist of about 240 grams of carbs in the day? Protein stays the same. Okay. Maybe even a little less, you know, yeah, because I'm getting right anywhere between 295 to 320 grams of protein a day. Nice. So on on a day like today, when you're getting a whole lot more carbs, maybe up over protein a little bit back. Sure. And the fats come up a little bit too, like maybe 10 grams, nothing too much. Okay. I'm used to only getting like 20 to 30 grams of fat a day. So what are the, what are the, what are the sources for your these carbs? Rice. Oh, so you're not like doing a cheat meal or anything. No, I did have some like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. It's for breakfast. Okay. Oh, really. Yeah. So it's a good way to start the day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was great. Skin milk. So no fat. Yeah. You've good nerds. Yeah. It's a good nerd. It's a good one, Mark. Yeah. So like my Monday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. I get about 1700 calories. Okay. Okay. I'm between the 13th three days. And then Thursday, Friday, Saturday, I taper it down to like right around 1500 calories. Oh, so I drop it even further and make sure I'm pretty dang flat so that I can really respond on Sunday. Yeah. And I make sure I just set it up that way because those are like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, like kind of my heavier days in the gym. Those are going to be like the most tax and days in the gym. Yeah. And then the rest of the three four days are just more like a cruise active rest almost. You know, yeah. Like I was like, I'm day in there. It was a push poll day that's not too heavy. But it can be challenging here and there. But how are things going at that new gym? Things are great, man. Shout out to the crew out there. Yeah. Carbonations. Great gym man. My nephew wasn't town this past weekend. Okay. Logan Logan's getting ready for his first show. He's going to be doing men's physique. Yeah. Yeah, men's physique. He's a huge, yeah. My nephew. He's a big kid, man. He's a six foot three. Oh, wow. Wow. And men's physique. So he's one of the taller guys up there. He's got a lot of space to fill out in all. But he's getting, we're bringing him down. We're getting me. He's helping. I will say he should have got to hold him a lot sooner than seven weeks out. Oh, we're getting him down. We're getting them down. We're making him work. That's a first time or decision. Like, you know, we're getting in shape and then I'll reach out to my uncle, Vige. You know, when I've got a lot of time left, like seven weeks or two. Yeah. Yeah, he's only going to be doing this for 31 years. What the fuck does he know? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we took him up to the carbonations and his gal and I even brought my wife into the gym for like, no kidding. I mean, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's such a cool, cool gym, cool atmosphere, cool culture. Yeah. Everyone's real accepting and real friendly and everyone's looking to help out each other. You know, everyone's got each other's back. It's a great, great place, man. I like how Lisa's like that. Yeah. He'll have a community altogether. Yeah. You don't find that. You don't find that and then just any gym anymore. Yeah. You know, client of mine, Kevin, he just started going to RTB gym and Lincoln Park. And I told him. Oh, yeah. I really had, I don't remember where he said he was training before. But he mentioned have had been there once and he was like, yeah, you know, had been there once and I was like, oh man, if I had the chance to, if I was going to get a regular gym membership, that's the kind of place if it was close, I would go there every day. And like a week later, he was like, hey, so I went to RTB and I talked to Tina the owner and I'm going to start training there. And I was like, okay, cool. And I started telling him I was like, man, it will change your training being in a good gym with good people that are pushing hard. And he was like, really, okay, interesting. Next thing I know he messages me at like six at night one evening and he's like, dude, I just got done training and the place was packed and the energy was awesome. Man, I worked out so hard. You know, some people like you and I do week grew up. That's like the gyms we went to. Like everything was a powerhouse around here, you know, or yeah, gyms like that. And a lot of guys, unfortunately don't have that. They're like, hey, you know, I train at this L.A. fitness or, and not that you can't do good work out in there. You know what I mean? But yeah. It's not the same as like a hardcore gym. There's a certain inborn mentality that just, that just breeds itself in places like that. You know, yeah. It's, you know, with this whole market over the past 20 years have been saturated by places like planet fitness or crunch fitness or whatever it is. These are all great gyms. They're all well equipped and you can get a great workout in there. But the mentality, the mentality that people are attracted to, you could only find those in certain, certain gyms and certain communities. And yeah, that's the best kind of mentality that pushes your heart or pushes your front even when you don't feel like it. Yeah. Yeah. But when you're in crunch, no matter what stage of my contest prep or off season I was in, because I trained there for a couple of years as like a secondary gym, I always felt like I was at like 10 levels more like insane than anybody who trained there versus yeah. Our hardcore gym, you're just, it's average. And so you never slip lower, you know what I mean? Because your expectations of yourself become a lot higher. Like, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I totally, I hear you. Definitely. Yeah, that's how it is. So anyway, you're dieting. You've got, you went, you laid out the, like, the different calorie days you have the load on B&R day today. And, and I know I kind of spoiled your supplement, is it a supplement review? Yeah. Oh, it's just part of the diet or what is it? The shoot. I don't know. It's both, I guess, you know what, we'll just get into it. How about that? I don't want me to just talk about some redder. Sorry. I picked up, first of all, this is Skipsfall and you're, and you're full. So I've been doing a lot of research on GLPs. And I was just trying to figure out which would be like the best one for me to go with. And once I once I listen to Skip talk about it and you talk about it and how Skip was applying it, not just to him, to else but also to let's clients and things. I was like, well, fuck it. I'm in this deficit already. Why don't I just try to see what happens? Worst thing that happens, nothing at all. You know what I mean? Right. I mean, the calories are down. They're going to get me, get me lean anyways. So why not this extra push? Why not? Give it a shot. So I ordered some up. I started on Thursday and I'm going with the daily injections. I'm not going with the weekly thing. It makes more sense to me. And I know how my body responds to basically all P.E. these. It just just is the way this the way it is. And I'll give this a shot first. And, you know, if I don't see it's working, which I can tell you it already is. Yeah. I can switch over to something else. But for the time being, I'm using 0.6 milligrams every morning. 0.6. So what does that come out to? Comes about 4.2 through the week. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I recommended 2 to 4 dose, 2 to 4 milligrams. Okay. I'll be interested in your how far in now. This is my fourth day. Fifth day. Fourth day. Okay. I'll be interested to see what happens. It has that really. So I think you're going to get a build up effect. And yeah, I've found in my experience and this was kind of listening to some other people who've done a performing like vigorous Steve and Chase Irons. Right. I started out to really low. You know, I was like, well, I'm going to micro dose it and I'll be like 250 micro grams every other day. And over time, what I realized is that it so it doesn't have as strong of an appetite suppressing effect as semi-glutite. Like that's right. But if you just want to, and somebody commented in the Facebook group today, they're like, you know, some glutite's basically the same thing is just less, less expensive. It's like, no, there's a lot of other things going on. It's right at the side with the GIP and glucagon. But it does, I think semi-glutite does have a stronger appetite suppressing effect. That's what I've been reading to. And I found, so anyway, I got up to 1 milligram about every five days and then maybe 1 milligram every twice a week. And I liked, so I started out with the high frequency. And I felt like I wasn't getting as good of an effect as with the reduced frequency, taking a larger bowless. And I think there's some middle ground. I'm not down with that every day. I feel like you're miss out on the peak. There's kind of a sharp effect that I want to achieve. Gotcha. Versus it doesn't give it a chance to, I don't know. I don't know. And just talking to other people, that said, I think we could probably like, build our defenses on why we should do it every day versus two, totally so a week or once a week. And it's probably going to do a pretty much the same thing. You know what I mean? I would think so. Right now I'm not getting like any appetite suppression. But I never intended to. That was never one of the goals here. I just, I don't. First of all, appetite doesn't bother me. I don't. I'm not bothered being hungry. Not, you know. I mean, it would take many, many, many more weeks for me to be bothered by it. You know? Yeah. We're used to this. We're comfortable being hungry most of the time. You know, there's a comfort there and there's a certain mentality there that, oh, I'm pretty hungry. That means she had his happening. So let it roll. You know? So I'm not, I don't really care about the appetite suppression that was never the intended goal. I just was interested in all the other, like, the other, with a glucogont type of fix, the actual fat loss and using fat cells for energy expenditure, insulin control, blood sugar control. Heart control, even like heart, health markers, blood pressure health markers, all these things. There's a lot of extra benefits there, red, red, and shoot tide. Yeah. So those are the things that kind of attracted me to it. And I was like, well, like I said, you know, the best that could happen. There's a works like a miracle. The worst that happens, it does nothing at all. So yeah. And so far, it's, it's good, man. I want to say on Thursday, when I first started, I was right about, I want to say, oh, 1999. Okay. On that day, yeah. I started my diet about two, 13. And that was about four weeks ago. Okay. So I've been dieting in four weeks now. What did you weigh, like, at the Arnold, were you at that, like, two, 13 range, then? Yeah, just about. Okay. Yeah. And then, on that Thursday, when I started red, I was about 199 already. Okay. Yeah. And then, I started, you know, fourth day in, this is my fourth day in. And granted, it is on those days that I have a really low calories and 1,500 calories or whatever. Thursday Friday, Saturday. Yeah. This Sunday morning, I'm already down to 194.9. You know, geez. And I'm, I'm used to like quick drops and wait. Especially with, when you pull calories out hard, I'm used to that. But this is something a little different. Like, it's like, if, like, a pound more than I would, would have been expecting. Yeah. And there's a certain, um, I don't just, a certain quality, like, a look to the muscle almost. Or like, flatness or well, see, there's, it's like flat, there's definitely flatness, but it's still like halfway full. Okay. Yeah. It's the best way I can explain it. Because I'm used to being really flat on, like, things like, met form and flat me out. Oh, okay. There's a difference between met form and flatness and a red, a true-tied flatness for me at this point. Like, I still have like semi round packs and semi round delton arms and stuff. Yeah. On that form, and it would, if everything was flat, it was like a pancake, you know. Yeah. Within four days at 0.6 milligrams a day, it's been doing something for sure. I'm excited to keep, keep rolling with it and see how it goes. I'll check my weight tomorrow because today is a load day. You'll see how it goes. I know how, how you responded on your load day. It was kind of kind of tough for you to fill out. And that's not, no, I'm gonna warn you too, because you're dosing it at twice as much as me. I started at that low microdosing stuff. And then I went up to, it's still a low dose. I still, I don't know, it's still called it probably a microdose at, you know, about a little under two milligrams a week considering that it's, you know, researched at four, eight and 12. Yeah. But just from everybody I've talked to, I don't think that we need that much. Like we're talking people with major health issues, people with, like major obesity and stuff like that. And they're not eating the way we are or exercising the way we are. Yeah. I think a little goes a long way. So I am a little concerned for you that if you're, because it took about two weeks to really kind of get the build up of whatever dose I'm on. So if you're only four days in, like that's gonna keep compounding for the next couple weeks. So, you know, three weeks from now, I think that your experience, it will be different than it is right now. Talking to Keith from Parabolic, because I said, listen man, you know, at, one of the reasons I mentioned, I kind of pulled it back for a little while. When I had two milligrams, I felt like I was having a difficulty in filling out when I loaded. Yeah. And I was like, man, this is just two milligrams. And he said, yeah, for the people that he's, you know, consulted with, which is, you know, he says, being that he's the company owner, he talks to a lot of people, he talks to the, you know, hundreds he said, yeah. Like a hundred, he said, like one milligrams or under is like a good maintenance dose to be able to grow. But he was like, man, above that, it's hard to gain muscle on anything more than that he felt, you know. And I could kind of see where he's coming from, because yeah, I struggled to fill back out. But now I'm still good. By the way, I found a great bakery in Belville, man, that we went to, oh, my God. That's what we did for Friday. Is that what you got that cherry pie from? So, no, the cherry pie I got from the grocery store. Okay. I went to the, then we went to this bakery, the Victoria found and they had like all these homemade treats. And I bought this. It was like a giant chocolate cupcake. And it had this like cream frosting on the inside. It was like had a big cherry on the top. And then that like this just slight slight cherry cream frosting in the center that was frozen. Oh, my God. It was so good. I spent like 15, 20 bucks on all these different treats. I had already gotten the pie so that I gave the rest of, I ate the cupcake and gave the rest of my mom. But that was, it took a lot to load. That's my point. Yeah. My point of the story. Yeah. That's a lot of calories to load on. You know, like a whole cherry pie, shit. Yeah. And that's been what's working. So, yeah. Cherry pie, a little bit of insulin and then a meal, one meal too, like I did a burger and fries this week. Gotcha. So, yeah. Yeah. And all this experimentation for me. And that I am getting so flat that I can't refill on a daily for me. Those daily shots. These for me to just pull it back. True. Skip a few days or something. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be really easy to manage that way. That's another mentality behind who I wanted to do daily. And why I used daily for everything, really. I do things because of the longer half life. Once you stop it, you might have a week. And I mean, 10, 5 to 10 days, I think, before you get the relief. Because it is just kind of building, building, building each day. But you're not going to add to it, you know? Right. Yeah. And once I know that it's having those effects on me, I can always adjust the diet too. You know what I mean? I just up a carbs little bit too, take time off of that. Yeah. It's easier to figure it out as long as you know the game, you know what you're doing. Yeah. So, do you feel dieted now? Like are you feeling like lower and stuff on your own? Most of the week. Yeah. Especially during training. Yeah. Yeah. Like weights are heavy, you know? And yeah. And then like recovery in between sets is like a year just digging deep. Oh God. So are the guys cracking the whip then when you're training? Because they push you along. Yeah, they do. Yeah, they do. They're like, is your set? I'm like, I don't know. I don't know. Just give me a minute. Yeah. They're good dudes. They know I'm not getting no carbs ever. You know? So. Yeah. So they're good. They're good dudes man. All of them. All of them are good dudes. How's training going? Otherwise. It's good man. I, uh, the intermittent trend program I think maybe I added a little strength this past week. I always pumps. Probably pumps a pretty decent thin. They're on and off man. They're, you know, they're, they're sometimes okay. Never, never, never, never. Never was cherry pie pretty good probably. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But then as the week goes on, they kind of fade. You know what I mean? Sure. Yeah. I feel like I was actually like training's good. I felt like I was maybe slacking on my cardio a little bit because I didn't have a set plan where it's not like I'm just doing, you know, 45, like my coach is telling me to do 45. I'm just like, you know what? I trained really hard. I did 20 minutes of cardio before I trained and I'll do another 30. I've kind of done that kind of thing around like I just noticed still last week. I'll be honest man. I can't, I can unintentionally error on the side of less on more days than not, you know what I mean? Okay. So I'm going to bump that back up this week. Pump it back up. Yeah. Try to drive a little harder. Sure. I've been doing, I like to do 45 minutes in the, in the morning. Okay. Before I get to the gym and if I can't get that time in, I'll do like 30 minutes on the treadmill, get to the gym and then do my training and then do another 20 minutes after I train. Okay. So that's the first section. So I'll do another 45 minutes. Okay. Yeah. So that's my cardio schedule. About 190 minutes a day. Isn't that? That's a lot of cardio, man. You know, you're probably pretty excited. We're both 30 minutes a day. Pretty sedentary. Otherwise, you both of us, you know. Yeah. Otherwise, it's just naps on the couch and you know, playing on my phone. Yeah. I mean, down. A lot of vertical stuff going on. Yeah. Horizontal stuff going on. Yeah. Otherwise, training is good. Pumps are tough to get. Now seems like. Oh yeah. But just as the way it is. I'm trying to get ready for. I've got three weeks left because my wife is getting these pictures taken for us. Okay. For our for our anniversary. Yeah. Our 15 year anniversary. Oh, we go. And so she wants a nice picture. And she has a website. She wants to put them on to and. Do marketing with you. But she was like, I want you mostly naked for it. I was like, oh, great. We should have told you. We should have told me that. Yeah, I told weeks ago. Was this kind of only fans? Yeah. Is this. I didn't know you had one of those. So, so I wanted to be in good shape for that. So that's what all is dieting for anyway. But once this is over. Yeah. Once we get those pictures taken. And I've had some McDonald's and we're good. I'm going to keep going. I'm just I'm like, if things are clicking and I'm just not ready to stop, you know? Yeah. Once I feel like I'm getting burnt out and I just hit it. I'm right now. I'm just starting to hit that magic pocket. You know what I'm talking about? Yep. I can't let the magic pocket. I can feel it coming, man. I can feel it coming on. Like, I'm about to hit it. And this, this returitide, reddit true tide, is definitely helped me get there a whole lot faster. Nice. See, like, this makes a lot more sense to me now. Like, you know, initially, my thought was like, when you're telling me how much you're taking it, obviously, it kind of said it too. I felt like it was a little high. It was a bunch of. I was like, I got a new gold man. Yeah, yes, you know. Now I see where you're coming from where you're like. You're trying to push hard for these. And it is kind of, you know, what's nice to have those kind of those those those those goals to set. You know, like, yeah, little my goal. Yeah. I remember you talking about that years ago on bodybuilding nerves that you were going to get in shape by I think it was the Arnold classic or or no, no, it was the geared up gathering. You were okay. Yeah, you're flying out. I did both. Yeah. And you really dieted and you worked with Shelby and you got into good shape. And I remember Adam commenting, you remember Adam McVeil was like, oh, yeah. Why would you want to die it down going to an event where you're like keeping your clothes on you're now you're only going to look smaller, you know. But yeah, I think I get it in like retirement from competitive bodybuilding and make sense because you get a chance to you gives you a reason. You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, if somebody says like, oh, we're going on vacation and I want to be in good shape for that. It's not that they it's not that they are like their end goal is that I'm doing everything in the world so that I can have abs on vacation and be the best guy by the pool. More so it's like gives you the motivation to set that date, right? Yeah. Yeah. And you want to feel your best. You want to look your best, you know. Yeah. That's just what it is. Yeah. Goal setting. Goal setting is very good. Very good for yourself confidence. You know, achieving those goals but builds the best kind of self confidence in yourself, you know. Yeah. And a goal like that, it's short term. So it's not like, yeah. Okay. This is for the rest of your life. Until you get to your condition. It's like, no, it's you've got three weeks. Yeah. And then after that it would be something else. Yeah. It's not high commitment either. You know what I mean? It's not like I got I got a step on stage in eight weeks or whatever. That's very different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is shit. But yeah, this is good. This will be good. But once I get past that, I think I'm going to go for another eight weeks or so. It's summertime. Anyway, why not? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As long as my training isn't being affected and like my weights don't like the reps are going to go down a little bit. I know that. Just body weight wise. That's just what happens with me. But yeah. As long as it strength doesn't plummet too bad. I'll just keep going, man. I don't see why not. Yeah. Yeah. I say go for it, man. I'm going to keep dieting too. I don't think I'm going to drop too much more on the scale than about 190 now. I think I'm stuck around here. I mean, I think I'd have to push pretty damn hard like remove carbs again in order to drop down 100. But I am re-compagnowning in better shapes. Yeah. That's the best. I mean, you're close. You're probably right there in the magic pocket then. You know what I mean? Once you hit that weight where you're just like, you really got a dig to go weight past it. Or you could add a couple of cheese burgers and stay the same weight. You know, and then you look better too. Right. That's the magic pocket. Yeah. Yeah. And then the weights go up to and your body starts re-compensate. It's a great place to be. So I'll end up being about 190 also. By the time we get these pictures done. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to do a full like Thursday Wednesday Thursday carbub, Saturday Friday Saturday dry out. Yeah. I'm doing it. We're the fun, man. That'll be fun. You know, I'm trying to say, and then meet your face. It does look a little. It's a definitely your face is a little. Yeah. We're a little bit a little bit not quite there yet. But I bet you and another another. I give you 10 days from what I'm seeing right now because it did leaner than it was. I tend more days. That's what I get. Yeah. I'm going to get the sucked. So suck. Gotta be picture ready. Yeah. Gotta have more cheekbones sticking out. Exactly. Yeah. So. All right, man. You know, we don't have any shout outs from the show. What? So people didn't ask for shout outs this week. I just don't fucking care, I guess. We want to tell you what though. If you do want to shout out, put a, we'll put a link in the description. And you guys could just, if you want to shout out on the show, just comment. Just comment comment comment comment comment. Comment comment. Comment. Like, subscribe, share. All that stuff. All that stuff. But definitely do comment. Oh, and also, listen to questions. If you have any, listen to questions for the show. Just let us know in the comments below. We'll have you to have you to hit those for the next show. Yeah. All right, speaking of which, we have a couple of questions here. We do. We do. Yeah. Do you have one on your end over there? I do. I do. One of the, one of the listeners from the last show was talking about, I, I must have been talking about, you know, getting along with GH and I haven't found the right rhythm and it's been many years. I tried to figure out the right rhythm for myself. Yeah. And he, he, he, he chimed in on the comments. Actually, I can't remember who this listeners. I apologize who you are, but he was saying that he had similar problems. As I do. Yeah. Yeah. In regards to like, you know, getting, you know, kind of, kind of, a massive type of symptoms or whatever it is. It just, he doesn't seem to get along with it. And I answered him on the thread and I said, you know, what I've been doing is just like, I kind of just go eight to ten weeks as far as I can take it. And once the symptoms start to get too bad, I just pull it right back out, take another eight to ten weeks off or more. And then go back on. It's really a cycling thing. I got to cycle the HCH altogether. Yeah. But what I found is that I think I've just given up all together. What the H. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know what it's not going to be the end of the world if you give them on GH. You know what I mean? No. I mean, listen, some people are cut out for it. Some people are really cut out for it. Right. And some people are not cut out for it at all. You know, it's just, it is what it is. And I've been in this game a long time and tried a lot of different stuff, a lot of different protocols. And in the end, you got to figure out what works for you, what doesn't work for you. And as bad as I want GH to work for me, it just comes with too much baggage. You know, just the palms are gray to the anti aging stuff is great. You know, this is the nice skin. That's great. The palms, the the the mass and the strength that I can put on with GH is unmatched. Yeah. You know, and a ball. Like for me that matches the strength output that I can get from GH. And that has everything to do with the water attention. I'm sure. Oh, for sure. I mean, there's nothing that puts water attention on me like maybe debaul. But I'd imagine between debaul and GH if I took like 10 milligrams of debaul to I use GH, give me four hours. I will show you 10 pounds on the scale and I'll throw the 150s around for you. You know, pretty pretty quick. You know, it's just that quick. It's just, it's just that an anobog for me. But I don't want to put up with all of the gino symptoms and all the other symptoms. And the high blood sugars, the high blood sugars and the high blood pressure for me. So, you know, it's the blood sugar thing. That's the reason I'm not running it is like I could, but I'm like, I like the idea of keeping my blood sugar under really good control right now. You know, I think it's smart. No matter what, no matter where you are in your in your prep or in your in your cut and your off season, you have to keep that under control. Oh, yeah. You know, they say blood pressures and silent killer, but fucking blood glucose is a silent killer too. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's good to watch it. So, so my, my guess of my short answer for him is that if you're a person, if you can't find something that works for you, just forget it and move on to something else, you know, I hate this, I hate to be the bearer bad news or whatever, but if it's not going to work, it's just not going to work. And there's no meds you can take. There's no remadex you can take. There's no cable you can take. It's just nothing seems to work for it. I think it has something to do with the, I've been doing a lot of reading on it. Growth hormone, the somatic rope and the molecule that amino acid chain is very similar to the prolaxion. Or lack of acid. Yeah. Yeah. So, GHM itself might not raise prolaxion, so it won't show up on your blood, you know, you take your blood values. It'll be like a normal prolaxion, but that GH hormone is acting like prolaxion. You're relating the same sector, huh? Exactly. So, I think that's really what's happening. And I can see that that's the only that I could make sense of it, too, you know, based on what everyone else saying what research says. Yeah. That's all I can think of because no remadexion. No remadex, noOromousion, noLectero, noCabre, no lots of no other else say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a really rare response. But, it is rare. Yeah. You won't say that. For the most part, I find that people take GH and they get like a, and it's a little something. You know what I mean? It's not, for most people is not huge. I have worked with people who just like, they have like a super ability to, just like shallow, fluid to the right storage. You know what I mean? Yeah. I've seen, I got a couple of, couple of friends of the gym, the same way I've I don't know how you guys think. Fuck you guys. And it's like, go for it then. For you. Yeah. It's a great change. You know, that's a great response. That's a response you can hope for. And then I've seen people that like blow up on fluid, but it's just everywhere. You know, like, uh, UC Summa had gotten some farmage. And we had been using what we knew was like decent generics at a low dose. And then he got this firmest stuff. And it just like bloated a modicant role. Like all the sudden, I was like, dude, I can't even tell if you're dieting or for losing fat or gaining it or gaining muscle. I like, I don't even know what's happening anymore because there's no detail anywhere. If I could have said that. We couldn't diet it with it in. And then we had to like, do what I was like, okay, let's add in a half a unit per week. And see what we get out of that. And then he got like fullness out of it. And we were able to work our way up a little bit. But like I'm talking basically, first bodybuilding goes. It was like, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, that stuff, you know? Yeah. Where sometimes it's just, it's not going to be a huge benefit. I think you nailed it, man, that like, if it's, you're not working well with you, then maybe it's not worth it, we can with, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And that perk by attention up to the MK677 again because yeah. Yeah. Well, I was literally just watching muscle minds when we got online to start recording. All right. And the new one, Scott Scott's talking about MK677. Yeah. And I wrote that off a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah. But I wouldn't mind kickstarting a little bit of that. I mean, I had a very, really low dose, like at 5 milligrams, you know, it goes, because I will super respond to a very low dose of growth hormone. Yeah. Very low dose. Micro dosing it. I will respond heavily. But I haven't feeling it. Same thing would happen with MK677. In fact, I know for sure that back in the day, I was just back when we first started recording, you know? Yeah. It was, it came in 25 milligrams tablets or capsules. Yeah. I think it was. Or the liquid. Yeah. But it was always like 25 milligrams. Yep. And it was a lot like it put on growth hormone water on your like, deep, old fast, fast. Yeah. But if you get like 5 milligrams, you know, and have that kind of, those kind of, if some adetropen numbers in your blood, and IGF1 levels, it might not be a bad thing. And maybe that won't directly irritate the gynecromacia issues either, you know? Yeah. Maybe. So that research, at least, and you know, who knows of what the truth really is, that was only the study Scott was looking at and found, it showed that people who were obese had a better response than people who were healthy, non-geage deficient. People who were healthy, non-geage deficient stood the least to gain from MK677. Gotcha. Which is going to be like the majority of our listeners, you know what I mean? Yeah. And then, also, two, they were showing like, some people would get results in the start. And then a week later it was like, back down, you know? So there might be like a benefit to pulsing it, which is something we never really would have thought of, you know, back in 2015 or whatever one we used it before. I do like the sleep you can get from it. I wonder, so listening to that podcast, one of the things I thought of was like, well, what if you only dose it a couple times a week? Like, you have a really hard leg day and then you take that night. You know, you have a really hard back day and you take it that night. Would there be any benefit to getting that additional sleep, getting some additional fluid, maybe with their recovery from those extra high bursts of GH? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's something to think about. I would say so. Especially guys are age. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Although from what I've heard people say, MK is always notorious to be even worse on blood sugar than grow for a month. Yeah, see, that's why I gotta worry about you. Yeah. I don't want that. It's the one thing I don't want. I don't need it. So much, so much negative stuff happens with elevated blood sugars. He's starting getting fatter, you know, just out of nowhere, insulin resistant. You don't, and you don't even really know what's happening unless you're testing that shit, you know? Right. Yeah. I gotta be careful. Blood sugar's keep on a control. I got an envelope over here. Yeah. We got another one. All right. So it was kind of a question, and he kind of answered in himself, but I thought we could talk about it. He says, I feel like there's so many guys with lagging arms now, and I think it's because they're doing push-pull legs or some other split that isn't arm-focused. Why did all the guys in the 70s have huge arms and chests because they prioritized them? Yeah. I would say so. What do you say? Yeah. They did have huge chest, didn't they? Yeah. Arnold looked like he was, if you really break his physique apart, I feel like it was all peck. He didn't even. Peckin arms, you know, peck's biceps. Yeah. All those guys had huge peck's and biceps. If you look back in the 70s, man, not everybody had these cannonball doubts like you have today. Ah. And they didn't, I don't know, they didn't directly train them, or they just just buried like they've trained them as an afterthought or whatever, but. Yeah. Or maybe the Androgen load wasn't as high. I don't know, but they none of them had these ridiculous, huge shoulders like the guys and the 90s are even today have, you know. Yeah. But then again, the peck development isn't the same these days as it was back then either. Yeah. Or the bicep development even, you know. These days it seems like you really got to be genetically gifted to have really good arms these days. It seems like. Yeah. I don't know. Our people, like as a whole, do we have more people with like bad arms? I don't know, man. I don't know either. It's just when you, when you look at most bodybuilders that are competitive, you'll only remember the select few who do have really good arms. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, yeah. Off the top of your head, you know, Nick Walker, Michael Krizo. Um, well, you know, it's like, yeah. You only, you only have a handful of guys where you're like, oh, those are mind blowing on our. You're free. You know, this all, you know, but back then, I would say like 50% of them had great arms. Yeah. It's, you know, like a prioritizing thing back then. Yeah. I guess you could be right on that. I never had like really good arms. I never had good shape for arms, but they would look acceptable because they would get thick and just big enough. You know what I mean? They're big enough and they float well with the rest of your physique. Yeah. Yeah. So they always still work. But they were never, I was never the guy where you were like, oh my God. Look at that. Look at those arms. It arms are such a cool thing to have, too. You know what I mean? Everybody wants good arms. Well, that's bodybuilding was based around having good biceps. Hey, I remember one like a little breakthrough moment I had when it came to arms. Because like I said, arms are never a strong thing for me. You have great arms, by the way. You're like, hey, all great arms. Now, you do. They're okay. They're still good. You have great arms. Like, Vige is a guy who like his arms look good in a teacher. You know what I mean? And I remember you saying, you're like, yeah, you know, one of the keys, I don't train him hard. And I've heard other people with good arms say, you know, I don't go real heavy. And Vige says, oh, I don't go really heavy. And I'm thinking about myself, you know, none of these guys don't, you know, they none of them go real heavy. So I don't really go that heavy either. And then I look at Vige and for the audio listeners, I'm putting my hands up in air quotes. Vige doesn't go really heavy. His not real heavy was still heavier than I was curling. So I do think there is an element of being all the like, girl muscle by, you know, getting strong too, you know, even arms, you know, like you're curling the 55 or so, I remember one time and you really nice control with that. And I was like, oh, I'm into like the 40s. Yeah. Yeah. It's, um, shoot. I felt like there was a point definitely when I was training that I'm really hard training arms really hard. And they started to shrink up on me, I noticed. Oh, you know. So that's when I made the connection like, oh, maybe I got to pull back a whole bunch. And there was also a point where I started not training them at all and just relied on like, press day to do like, you know, stimulate triceps or a back day would stimulate biceps enough and I just wouldn't train arms anymore. Yeah. And they, they, I wouldn't say that they got smaller, but they didn't have the same pop, you know, the same roundness, the same look as if I were to train them just once a week. Yeah. But in, even then, not that hard. Like, even now, I don't go over like, you know, six or eight reps, for biceps stuff. I'll go higher reps for triceps, but for bicep stuff, I keep it really low reps still. Okay. Yeah. I found if I go too hard on arms, I start getting tennis elbow. You know, I'm like, you know what, I'm going to start growing my arms. I'll try them three times a week and then I can't lift anything anymore. You know, yeah, I get man. I get that elbow, my elbows are so, so I don't know if there is an osteoarthritis or both. Or what, but it's there. Yeah, they, I can't do a lockout on anything. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? That's like instant torture. Really? I got to rack the weight right away. Same for triceps, same way. Like I can only go push down so far. Yeah. I can't get like a very tight full contraction. And remember PJ Brown years ago said that if you can't get a lockout full contraction on like rope push downs or any push downs, he was like, you'll never grow your triceps. And anytime I train triceps now, that's all I ever think of here. I hear those fucking words every time. Like I damn it, every rep. I can't get that full contraction. But yeah. And I have noticed that they have receded a little bit. But I'm also, you know, 46 fucking years old. Yeah. I think things happen now. So you know what? My arms were the best. Remember we went through a phase in our back training where we were working deadlifts in like every week. There was a lot of deadlifts. And I had never been a real strong deadlifter. But I kept up and I'd deadlift to sure. And it was at the end of that off season that my my my traps and my biceps were the strongest they had ever been because deadlifts. There's no question. There's probably the thickest the thickest they had been to. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. That's what I'm like visually strongest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's something to it, man. Just grip in and rip in that bar. You know, it gives a nice thick thickness to everybody part. Yeah. You know, it's not the same by doing concentration girls. There's different different thickness to the muscle values. Really cool. Yeah. Yeah. I had one more thing I wanted to mention. And this is kind of kind of called even a supplement review. I don't know. So we'll call it supplement. It's not really. But we'll call it supplement review. All right. It's not going to review time again. So it just is just a random thought. I had this. I. Okay. So we're going to be a week or so back. A GH source had mentioned that they were not able to get GH right now. They're closing down. They should be good in two weeks. But it has to do with the tariffs in China. And I thought so this is all underground. You know what I mean? How are the tariffs affecting an underground product that's getting shipped in the black market? Anyway. So I'm not sure how that works. But I asked around and I spoke to a source about this. And this source I saw made a video about. So here's the thing that we spoke about how like pre-mo is off the market right now. Have you heard about that? Yeah. I've heard about that. Yeah. So it's a blown place. It's still carrying it. But I can't. It hasn't really hit yet. I guess. But there are places that don't have it. And master on now is the next one where there's a kind of like a little bit of a shortage. And I wonder if it's not more people are buying masks because the pre-mo isn't available to them. I don't know. I saw this source made a post saying in case you weren't aware, companies are closing their doors because of tariffs and these things are affecting the market. And there is no pre-mo available on the market now. And master on is limitably available. But thankfully, we foresaw this happening. So we stocked up on our supply. And if you act now, you can still get some. Amazing foresight. Yeah. So I saw that little marketing play. Got it. I thought, and I wondered, man, how much of this stuff sometimes is marketing? You know what I mean? Yeah. Take advantage. So that was my supplement review. Nothing special. Gotcha. All right. Maybe a supplement call out. Yeah. Well, you know what? I think that was the pre-mo altogether. I fucking hate pre-mo. Yeah. I hate it. We had people in the comments agree that it was very painful. Yeah. I just don't understand the point of it. I mean, I understand everyone's different. And you can, you know, there's a lot of people that don't get any pain at all, which is just mind-boggling to me. Yeah. Those are the same people that you can do, you know, test probe every day. And nope. No problems at all. You know, it's an amazing, amazing thing. But man, when you take one of those pre-mo shots, I don't know how anyone can train that week. You know? I don't know how you supposed to do anything. You know? Get in bed. Get in bed. You can't leg breaths. You know, it depends where you put it. I suppose. But still, it's like, I can't train this side of my body. I had a pre-mo shot over here. Yeah. And imagine like, you wouldn't have to have another week, you know, or show up. You know? Where's he, where did he put it all? It's not that's ridiculous. So, you know what? Johnny can have it. Keep it. Keep it. Yeah. Yeah. Johnny, you can keep it. You guys do it. I'm gonna see some top level body, but it's coming out of the shin. Yeah. All right, man. What do you say? We take a quick commercial break. And then when we get back, we've got some cool bodyvel and dirty stuff to go over. Let's do it. Put it no-vision finished until he lifts one ounce of the 47 vitamins, minerals, enzymes, carbohydrates, and amino acids that help make his workouts work. Dynamic muscle building. Get $10 in coupons on a free magazine with dynamic muscle builder from Weader, America's total fitness company. They say no one took me in a straight Olympia. And I said, watch me. I train hotter, eight-smotter, and use twin-lamps supplements. Here's the latest from the greatest. Mass fewer from twin-lamps. I have developed mass fewer. So you know it's totally awesome. Get my mass fewer drinks and bars. All my complete mass fewer kids. And show the world what you can do. And we are back from commercial break. And we've got some cool stuff to talk about. We're going to talk about some of the guys who went Pittsburgh Pro in a couple of weeks here because they are looking phenomenal. And this show is going to be just crazy. Olympia level, crazy. Right? But first, we have a couple of other videos. You know, we're nerds. We like to watch things that make us laugh and buy a little related stuff. And we've got a video of Lee Priest talking about peak week stuff. And I thought that was pretty appropriate in something that both Scott and I can relate. And probably our viewers would love to watch too. I'm a who doesn't love Lee Priest. Come on. So let's go ahead and roll that video here. You've got nerds. I can't think straight. But I don't even know how I got to the gym drawing here. I can't remember. Why go alone? Can't I just fucking eat it? People still do it. Body builders, the gurus, peak week. Dummas thing ever. And I'll show them to the day I die. Why do we care? How many times do we see it? On Instagram, Facebook, big week has people who got up their photos a week or two out looking fantastic. I mean, yeah. Absolutely. Might have a little bit of water, which if you're used sparingly. Some guys and girls go crazy. If the coldest he said laid out start. My later in his career too. No, I don't know. Another whole thing. And pulling my running out of muscle muscles, what 70% water pulled all out. They get flat. They try and carb up. Doesn't work. That's why I've always said, if you're looking good and you're full, you're hard, you're vascular. You're like a couple of percent away from getting on stage. Or you got to do is pump up, tene up. And if you need a diuretic, need it. I mean, like, if you really think you need it, maybe a quarter or a half than day or two before, then see how you look the day before. If you need a little bit more, only a quarter. Because you got to remember, you might have a film or water a tiny bit. But when you pump up, that water's going to go into the muscle. And even if you're a little bit flat sometimes, but you're harder, you're going to look bigger on stage. Yeah. Too many dryers and their gurus think I've been dieting 15 weeks. So you're going to 16 week diet 15 weeks, eating the same food, training, cardio, taking drugs. So your body becomes this fine tune machine. Eat at this time, this food. Take these drugs at this time. Do you cardio at this time for 15 weeks? You've been doing the same thing. But then the last week, I got a lot of work. My idea, let's stop training. Let's stop cardio. Let's add some different drugs in and add a lot more food in. We'll see how that goes. Yes, see how it goes. That's a 50-50 hit in mess. We're seeing 100 times. Yes. That's way if you're full and you're hard, I'll say it again. And you're almost stage ready. Don't do it. Why do you get it in your head that we need a peak week? You just can't rely on how good your look already and go, you know what? I look good. I'm not going to touch your thing. I'm going to go into the show like this. I never went load in 250 grams of carbs. People go, I'm going to go low and then jump back up high. Why not just stay high and stay full. If you have no problem losing weight and you're doing the cardio and she, you don't need to load your carbs down, your workouts are going to be better. You're still going to be strong. Your muscles will be full. All these people go out more and all 50 grams of carbs, zero carbs. I got no energy, I got no ideas, I can't think straight. But I don't even know how I got to the gym driver here. I can't remember. Why go low on carbs? If I can idiot. It's taking me, you're on party, you're doing everything else to burn body fat, you can clean. Unless you got some sort of problem where you're really can't lose weight. Why do it to yourself? I never did. That's why never had the carb up. I did carbing up once and I was hitting. Missed. I looked there. Okay, but I look way better when I just stayed on the same diet. My diet from week one to week 16 is the same. They only change like I said the last week slowly cut my water out and not completely. The last day or two before a show. I'm still having a leader or a little bit more just sitting on it and then I pump up and turn up. I don't go away to minute. I'm going to deplete on this and in the next three days, eat up. Some people do salt, add lots of salt to me and do it. It has like, yeah. There are so many weird things. Hocus, focus, they call it. But people try and do it the last week. Yeah. Good lady, head people, you don't need that. That's why, like I said, we see so many people. Looking fantastic two weeks out, we see their photos. They walk on the stage and we all sit there like, what happened? Yeah. You know what happened? Yeah, overthink it. You try and do it too much. Just that you say trust in the process. That's pretty good. Good. Yeah. We equal to our trust in that. Don't do your Hocus, focus, bullshit. Because, they had it 50, 50 and a lot of the times it goes more wrong than the right. So when you get ready for a show, train hard. Dumbelts. Diet hard. Cardio hard. Okay, so I'm going to do whatever. And that last week, if you're looking good, as they say, if it ain't broke, they're in train fixing. So like I say, train smart, train hard. Don't overthink it to get peak weeks. Every week. Every week. You're the same. Very cool. And I even find that until it's so, it's all too. If the show said they suck Friday, I still go to the gym just do it like thing. Because like I said, my body's used to it. And I can't sit still anyway. I'm just going to lay around around a hotel room. I just go really like that. Move the lights around so that's not too much. That's a lot around so mentally. I'm still doing stuff. Yeah. That's why when I compete, I'll be to expose. I don't want to see my room over thinking shit. So people, this is your worst enemy when you get ready for a show. Control that. Like that man. Yeah. It's good advice. I thought so too. Like, yeah. You know, it comes off as leap-reased. But yeah. Everything he says is true. I agree with all of it. As long as all things, you know, not all people are the same, you know, all bodies are a little bit different. Yeah. Some people might need a little tweaking here and there. But for the most part, if you are looking that really good all the way through, then don't you change? Change nothing. What are you changing for? You know what I didn't realize we were doing? I went live to the live channel. We were live right now. He had added. He's where it got. Yeah. I usually do go live to live channel. I just didn't turn, I did initially and then it got turned back on or something. So I just looked and I was like, we got a bunch of comments. What the hell are we live? Have we been live this whole time? We've been live this whole time. We've been live this whole time. We've been live this whole time. You're right, I thought it was just us. Here. Part of me feels embarrassed, but at the same time, I'm like, but we, you know, we're doing something new. We're doing that anyway, right? Exactly. We do a little bit editing here, a little bit editing there. Yeah. We put out a nice product. Yeah. Hey, we're live. So fuck it. We'll keep going. You can't go towards you. K's with us and there's another George and Tyler Miller in trend. We've got a bunch of people. No, right. A couple of bodyvilliners, cast members. That's great. This fantastic man. Anyway. Yeah. So I like that. That said, with Lee Priest, he's got a good point on everything he says. Right. It really does. Yeah. It's almost like he's he's so over, over simplifies it. But I feel like for Lee Priest, it probably was all pretty easy. Do you know what I mean? That's the thing. Like when you're a genetic mutant like he is like, you just go on the gym and you lift his whole concept is like, just go on the gym and you lift weights and you get a little bit. He's like, you're just fucking hot about it. And then you just lift some fat. You know, you're winning the entire, you know, country is show and all that. You become a pro three times. You're just going to get some weight again. Win every show you do. So what? Yeah. Yeah, dumb cons. Exactly. There is that part of the. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But he's right. I like, I, you know what I really like the part about what he was like, you know, if you're training every day and you used to training every day, don't stop training. And I think I think Metabolically that makes a thousand percent sense too. You know, you slow things way too down. You, you metabolically slowly nutrition down. Your absorption down. All these things. All those processes that you're, you've been on key with for 16 weeks in a row. You know, you take that away just for what? Potentially polishing a turd, you know, before. Yeah. It's, you know, go, go work out. Go train. Don't go train hard. No, but you should do something. There's the stress too. I think that masses people up. So not everybody, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. That last week, even if you don't change anything, I've seen people that like they get real things just like they start holding more water in there. They're just in things the same. And they, they kind of get locked up on themselves. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. The key to is like being relaxed. And I think that's a benefit too to doing more shows. Like a lot of guys do more shows now. You know, years ago, we just do one and everything dependent on that one hour that one day. Right. But now guys are like, oh, and then after this, I'm going to do another one in three weeks. And then I'm going to do nationals and then after that, there's another show. You know. Yeah. So much. Why not go for it? Yeah. You already in shape. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you got a fan, by the way. Hey, Trent. He says, uh, the guy in the red beany is so hot. Ah, get out of here. And what he says, he says, ah. That smile is so cute. And then he adds in great muscles too. Hey, I like him. We just become best friends, Trent. And he has more comment a little while later. His laugh is so hot and that physique is insane. I'm sure that you could get any guy you wanted. Wow. Trent's a sweetheart. And like I said, we're best friends now. So are you bless him right now? I might be. Yeah. Can't tell. Might be sunburn. Okay, tell if it's the beany or the. You know. I'm not used to hearing that sort of thing about myself. Yeah. Except for your wife, right? Yeah. Except for my wife. I'm just trying to get my pants. Oh, oh. Oh. All right. I know we had a bunch of other stuff. What else do we have? What do we want to go to next year? Do you want to show a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. I can't get that video of Terrence Ruffin. Oh, yeah, man. Let me go back to Instagram here. I mean, he's embodies everything about what classic physiques. And I honestly don't even know who else is competing against him. I think you'll sell him. You'll sell him a beast, I think, from Instagram. That's an I know is Instagram handle. And that's it. God, look at that, right? Whoops. Jesus, dude. Yeah. Look at that. Well, I think I froze it up. I froze everything up here when I zoomed it in. It's a good shot to freeze on. There we go. Look at the side. Yeah, dude. Look at the glutes are in. Yeah. You know what? Look at that little back man. I know what man he was saying. He was like, he's a little, little, little, slight in the hamstring. And I didn't know what he was talking about, but you can kind of see it a little bit from the rear only, but not from the sides and stuff. We're the quads in there. Yeah, okay. I can see that. Which is crazy because I never think of Terrence as being slight in the legs. Yeah. But he's a little Harrison. By comparison to those quads, which you can see the quads from the front, right? Yeah. You know what? I think that's his only knock then. Yeah. I really do. And it's not like got, you know, classic physique. You know, the only classic guy who had massive hamstrings has got them Tom Plats, you know, like, yeah, Mike Mike's got some sour felds. Mike's been. Oh, well, yeah, I'm talking about back in the seven. Oh, I see. I see. Actually, the real classic. The real classic guys. So I always compare to the, I always compare these guys to the guys back in the 70s and early 80s, 60s. Yeah. You know. Yeah, that makes sense. But that might not be the criteria that they're looking for. Right. Because yeah, Mike's on her field as a awesome lower body, all together. Nice, man. I just can't see anyone taking them out out of this show. I really like Tangerines this physique man. I've been rooting for him for so many years now. And I, yeah. I love seeing what he's become. And I know that he's kind of like he's he's out for he's out to prove something to himself this year, you know. Yeah, man. Let me tell you, we were at the Arnold Classic together. We walked around that entire expo and we seen enormous physique's man. Huge, huge, impressive human beings over and over and over again. Yeah. And the one guy that impressed me the most was seeing Terrence Ruffin and a tight black t-shirt. That was the most impressive thing I saw at that show, you know, and he was not the biggest, but man, the way the muscle laid on his frame. And you could seize abs through a shirt. Now I was just like, geez, this is this is the guy. This is the guy. Great. Wow. I mean, those abs sure you don't look lacking from this angle. They don't. You know what I mean? We're doing hand shring curls. No, not at all. Look at that. Oh, they're like Dorian. Yeah, do those are freaking nuts, man. They're steel cord. Steel cord strips. Yeah. They don't, you know what, that lighting that he was posing was really dark too. So, yeah. It wasn't, that's not wasn't really fair. Yeah. Yeah, those are freaking wild, man. Here's a more leg training here. Do you ever squat? I don't know that he ever squats. I don't know. Honestly. I mainly see him training upper body. I like that depth by the way. On this leg press. I, you know, I've been trying to encourage more my clients. I feel like when you can get depth like this. And you get those legs are a part a little bit more. You're going kind of down around the rib cage versus getting stopped on the rib cage and cutting yourself short. This is a full leg movement. This is like, oh, I'm targeting quads. I'm targeting this is everything, man. This is like every part of the leg, the front, the back, the inner and the outer. You got to go all the way down, man. Just like in the squat. You've got to get full range of motion. You've got to put your knees up at your head. You know, that's what you're doing. That's what you're doing. Look at your knees there. Yeah. You see as a block. So that we want to just go underneath the low back there. I do. Could that be for a good idea? This is a shorter guy. Could be. Could be or just help or just help some to keep his back from rounding out too much. I wonder. I don't know. But that's the proper range of motion. If you're going to leg press, you know. Forget about your safety bars or whatever. Get a lot of range of motion or they get that low and then their butt rolls up off of the pad. And I think that that's the limiting factors and that has more to do with flexibility, you know. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. If you got you got you got your back flat against the board. That's for sure. It looks like a monster right here, man. Good. He's looking full of that shot. Yeah. That's about what he looked like at the Arnold front double. Do a front double, Terrence. Come on. You know when he first started competing, I would knock. We would knock him on his arms, you know, but it's nothing. Nothing is out of balance now. He's got great arms all together. Nothing out of balance. I think even his hamstrings it look great. I could see more ham now that you mentioned it just simply because his quads are so ridiculous. But hey, listen, you know what, one of the problems is going to be is that if you do develop more hamstrings, he's already risked looking bottom heavy or he's struggled with being bottom. Heavy all his career. If you had anything more, it's only going to, you know, perpetuate that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is great, man. Let's go to one more. That's good. One more. Okay. Yeah, that's great. That was pretty incredible. Look, he's got Ronnie glutes. Remember how Ronnie glutes the insert and halfway down his legs? Yeah. I see that. Terrence has that same thing going on. Yeah, he does, man. It's pretty awesome. The separation in the front to like all that separation between the packs, shoulders, biceps, lats is really good, man. Yeah, and his waistline is just non-existent, especially in these back shots. Geez. That is literal what you call wasp waste. Yeah. The wasp waste. Yeah. Like barely connected. I don't really know. I'm kind of, I don't know, man. Because I'm trying to give that a fair shake of Tyler said his ham is a little bit more weak or lacking. I don't know if it's that is, yeah. I think we're splitting hairs to be honest with you when we say that if we say that. Well, also Tyler was comparing him to, you know, summer felt. Ah, and that's not exactly a fair comparison. But I guess the two might be standing total to at the Olympia. Sure. Maybe fair comparison after all, you know, so something to think about. Yeah. We're else we're going to go where you want to go next. You know what? Let's go to the open man. Alright. Go to, go to Cresda. I just want to see what Cresda looks like. I've seen some updates and I was just like, wow. I hope Scott sees these. Alright. I have not. Look at that. Look at the most muscular. Oh, my God. Geez. Nobody has conditioning like that right now. Nobody. That's incredible, man. Not Nick Walker, not Derek, not nobody. I mean, and we're still two weeks out, you know. George Ferris doing a great job with him, by the way. Yeah, that's like old school conditioning right there. You don't even. Yeah. And he's not flat. I mean, he might be flat for Cresda at this point. But he's not flat. Look at that. You know what Cresda made up, man. I remember my shoulder having this kind of masculinity. And I remember trying to do a lateral shot, lateral, delt shot. And my delt was just covered in all these veins. I was like, holy shit. Normally when I'm fat, I don't see all of these. Now we got a dodgum, you know. Yeah, you're probably just like, I don't wonder, I'm always bleeding. Oh, man. Exactly. Yeah, he's incredible looking, man. And just his shape, too. Geez. Look at this, most muscular. Wow. He's got some shots that are going to be really hard to beat. I personally, I think he'll crack top three. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's nobody going to be conditioned like him. And he's a monster. He's like two to 80. You know, he's not small. This is three weeks ago. So yeah. Yeah. He's come a long way in three weeks, man. Yeah. Dude, I feel like they really turned it up in three weeks. Like you don't have the smallest way, but it's not huge. Oh, excuse me. That was one month after surgery versus April. Oh, so that was a long while ago, then. This versus this. Yeah. Yeah. That's massive, man. Huge change. And you can't tell really what shoulder looks at this. Look at the density in those packs from here. To here. Yeah. Well, he could train again. Yeah, right. You could do some pressing though. Yeah. He's incredible looking, man. He's just a crazy sight to behold. You know, he's one of those guys you were going to root for because he's just. He just has all that bodybuilding aura about him. Yeah. And that throwback look from like the 90s. I think I mentioned this before. He just he's so freaky. I feel like if we were to ask AI to like make the freaky unrealistic bodybuilder. You know, if they bring up him, like something that exists in the real world. Yep. Here you go. It's Michael. Michael, please. Oh, this is what you're asking for. What is Nebia? I see a lot of guys overseas. I was the same thing. I thought you might know. No. Yeah. I think I mean, Curious. I don't know if it's a clothing brand or if it's a. They make equipment out there or something or what? Yeah, I don't know. It looks cool. Doesn't it? Like, it does. I don't mean something. We don't know. I don't know. I'm a little jealous because a lot of their tank tops are pretty cool looking. And they say that Nebia. Nebia. Maybe one of our live listeners knows what Nebia is. Yeah. Or are people in the, you know, comments on YouTube and John Rougas. Maybe you guys tell us, they don't they will know. Very nice. Let me see what else he's got in here. Oh, look at that. That's pretty old school contraption right there. Yeah, look at a Smith. I think it is, man. Where's the wait to go? Up top like that? Oh, wow. You're really? I don't know. I'm confused. This is definitely a European machine. You know what I mean? Yeah, it looks Western block. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, dude. Yeah, that's how it works. Dude, it is. I want to try this. I like that. No, we put weights on top, not the side. Ha ha ha. Put the down top is heavier. It's spacey thing, you know. You know. You're really, you're really, you're really. You're really, you're really nice. You know. Yeah, yeah, there's no ends on the bar. Look at that. Right. That's so weird. Really cool, though. I would love to try one of those. But why do we load? Like the only reason we load the outside Smith bars, you know, this because, you know, on the ends is because that's what we're used to with the traditional Yeah, right. In fact, this makes way more sense. And I guarantee it. I bet it's heavier. I mean, the entire bar control with the weight thing on it is got to be 50 50 pounds or more on its own. Yeah. It's like, you know, like the sled I'm when you're doing leg presses, that thing on its own is decently heavy. Yeah. I got some cool equipment out there in the Western block. Eastern, Eastern, Eastern block. Eastern block. Yes. Yeah. I like that multicolored. They have good AKs out there, too. In the Eastern block. Yeah. They do most of the area. They make the best, best AK stuff out there. Oh, yeah. I've got a CZPO 9 from from the Czech Republic, huh? Yeah. Eastern block. That's one of my favorites. It's double action. CZ is a great brand. I love that thing, man. I haven't shot it in a while, but I will definitely be shooting now. I have the CZ Scorpion. Yes. Shoot our CZs for Cresso. He might not have cared all, and does nothing to do, you know? What does that mean? We're like in the form of your area of the world. We support you. Your business is out there. Yeah. He's not known for having the best back, but his back double is still hard and gnarly. Yeah. You know, it's just to me, I like it. I like even though it's not like Derek Lundsford back or anything. Yeah. That his back double is like kind of astonishing still because he's got those giant arms and huge delts and everything is shredded peeled condition. Yeah. I like that gym all together. That's cool looking place. Yeah. I gotta try that Smith, but I don't know where they get that thing from. You ought to make a trip. Maybe it's a nebia product. Yeah. Maybe it is. It is. I'm not sure if this is 315 or if those yellow plates are different or the other way different. Yeah. Do they? Yeah. On ice control. It looks like a Smith machine with the control he has in that was very nice for us. Good for him. All different colored weights, different. One might be 90 pounds. One might be 35. You got one more here. You got a couple more, I think. No, this is no one more after this too. I'm just curious to see the machines he's trading on. These things are cool. They are cool. I like the maggriffs. Do you? Yeah. I like that. We've got a couple of those over at Carbon. We've got one that's close grip, one that's medium, one that's really wide like that. They're all them are really good grips, maggriffs. I like this movement for that mid-upper back area. Me too. I'm a fan of the long bar. Yeah, the row altogether. Are you? I like the close grip too, but it's a different feel altogether. For me to activate my lat in the pull down, I need a closer grip but for this. That's a different story. I do, I think Dorian was a fan of the long bar there too. Yeah. The row. He always said that it helped with his width. Okay. So it comes from good source there. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know if I believe that. That's like remember Joe Russo and he was like, well, you know, I twist my pinky this way and buy my bicep curls so that he can do it. He's like, you know, you were born on that beat. Yeah, that's right. That's funny. Yeah, he had great, great arms. I like this pack deck. She's. You could do just the, the, the used the pads with the handles even on that. I was thinking just like, you know, turn your, turn your elbows up and yeah. Just against the old school style. They should all be built like this, I think. Huh. Yeah. Just in case you want to do it, you know, old style. I like that. It's nice to have, uh, time to sell boat issues. You don't have to grip onto it. You know. Yep. Yep. Exactly. If you had many it workouts where I just working around time to sell boat. Yeah, man, me too. It's got such a big wingspan there, doesn't he? Yeah. If there's long arms as he has, they're huge, unbelievable. Yeah. It's why his fun double is so massive. Yeah. I look forward to seeing him, man. Go to that first one. The first, uh, yeah. I think he's setting up to do a side chest. Okay. Look how ripped his back is on, when he's as he twists. Oh, no. I see it. He starts again. Yes. Great conditioning. So watch his low back when he, when he re does this whole thing. Oh my god. He's going to pop. He's going to pop. Yeah. I mean, that's like, rolly freaky, isn't it? Yeah, it really is, isn't it? Yeah. I don't know. It froze up on us. Let's start that over and let's try that again. Yeah. Watch his low back. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You see, like his Christmas tree from the side. I think I saw one of his kidneys. Maybe it was his kidney. I'm not sure. Yeah. That's good. That's awesome. No, be it. I think I saw the third. I think I saw the third for him. Okay. So, Nabea is an overseas clothing brand that's been around for ever time. That's what that is. Lots of girls have worn it for a long time. Mostly international competitors really expensive. That's, thank you, Tania. That's great. They're old school and they don't seem to market much. No shit. I'm going to get them out. Sponsor for the program or something. Yeah, man. I would rock some Nabea stuff. It looks great. Yeah. Yeah. I am going to get back to over here. All right, who else do we want to see? Check out Nick Walker. He's looking really, really good. All right. Yeah, that was a little worried. You know, you see him on his offseason stuff. I know, man. I know. This means a lot to him right now, too. You know what I mean? Buddy, man. He's looking good. Wow. What is this? Three hours ago. This is today. This is today. Okay. Yeah. Just the one picture. Oh, okay. Look at that. That's one of his best shots, too. Yeah. He's got a great most most special. Yeah, he really does. He's looking big, right? Yep. Look at the delts. Looking good. We've got just the width, you know? You know, a lot of density there. Hey, that's a good shot, man. Jesus. Yeah. That's a monster shot for him. I will do. So he's going to be up against Cresso, huh? Then Lonesford, who's got that, you know, the back double and locked down. Wow. But if anyone can rival him, I got to say it's going to be Nick Walker, just because, I mean, that's phenomenal. Look, Nick Walker will beat him in the arms, he'll might beat him in detail. And it'll definitely beat him from the waist down in the back double. Nobody's got a lower posterior chain like Nick Walker does in that back double. Oh, man, though, I got to tell you that Lonesford, the Arnold, when he turned around, hit that rear double, he just looked like perfection. Honestly, dude, I was like, I felt like I maybe had never seen anything that perfect in my life on stage in front of me in person. You know what I mean? Nobody's going to beat the back. No one's beating me back. Yeah. But this can give him a good rival. Yeah. It'll be good. And I'm interested to see him against Cresso, because I feel like they're both like, kind of, you know, they're both mutants, you know? Yeah. They ought to bring Cresso and Nick Walker out just as like, and just make it front, front biceps. And measure their necks. And measure their necks because measure the arms in the necks. Yeah, and you've got the thickest neck. Whoever has the biggest arm measurement gets $50,000. Yes. Let's see Nick do some leg training here. Let's get going on. I'm not a fan of this. Me neither, man. Me neither. Your neck is up to color. I can't get comfortable. But just watching this makes my knees hurt. Look at those hamstrings on him, though. I know, the wild. I mean, he might not have the best quads, but I guarantee he's got the best hamstrings. On stage. Dude, those hamstrings watch how much, like, look at him now, and watch are going to, like, quadruple in size. They're blowing up as he goes down. Yeah. Yeah. She's a god, man. Yeah. Yeah. They're like full on bicep peaks. Look at it. Look at it. It looked like they're, they looked like they're about to fall out of his pants. I know. They're like, they look like you would a butcher would throw it over his shoulder and cave it into the back room. Yeah. And I mean. It's good control. Yeah. You know, that's a lot of burn and reps. Yeah. And the depth, you know, all of that. I like that. Next, always about, you know, taking, like, really taking it slow control and things. Which is, I think, you know, smart for him. It works good for him. And even he's got, you know, he's doing the same thing like we're talking about with Terrence, open in those legs up, getting around the rib cage. Yeah. Making sure you get the depth. Yeah. That's a, it's retell's early into that. I think he's. Is weird of a guy as he is is, he should be. Yeah. Yeah. I think that he's onto something with that his training ideas. No, I agree with them. I agree with that. A thousand percent. You've got to, you've got to sink your squats. Just like you've got to sink your hacks. You've got to sink everything. Everything needs full depth. Yeah. It's good. Oh, we got that. We got an actual, uh, posing trunk shot here. Oh, yeah. These are the, these are the ones I saw on, uh, on the even fitness, even body building. Oh, guys. Even here. Yeah. Yeah. I call him my friend. That's the American in me. I guess. You know, yeah. I don't know. He doesn't like that. He, he, he does it. I don't like that. No. He just, the way I say the words. It's like, you know, it's, it's even the way it's written. It's written out with an eye. You would just think, you know, you look at, I tell. It's Italian food, you know. Yeah. I can't. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He looks good, man. Look at the depth. That's, he have string. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He looks good, man. He looks fresh too. I think that's all. Yeah. Yeah. He does look fresh. That's a good. He looks good. He looks healthy, you know. Yeah. Because we've seen him in pop. Not looking great, you know. I, I'm rooting for him, man. I want to see him have a long, long career still. Yeah. I just want to see him do well. You know, I don't want to say win or second or third. I just want to see him. Yeah. I want to see him rival, you know, just see him rival everybody. And yeah. And I'm going to scratch some, maybe people scratch some heads, you know. Get the respect he deserves too, you know. Yeah. I feel like, and maybe part of it is because he, I think people are not for it when you're like, I'm going to come in and I'm going to win the Olympia this year. People don't like that kind of attitude anymore. You know what I mean? Look at that. That's great shot. Look at the detail. Beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me. Look at detail. Look at detail on the triceps. Yeah. I'll show you the triceps and the back double. Yeah. Wow. Great man. It's great shot. This waist looks tiny from behind too, you know. Yeah. Yeah. You would never know. You never really had a, you know, a bit wider waist from front, but from the back. It's crazy. A lot of, a lot of leg training here. Look at these wheels here, man. All pretty good. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. You're pumped up. They don't look like there. There's no separation. They're just pumped up. Yeah. I wonder what, one of those legs weighs. 275. Yeah. I don't, I like the rear baths. I like the rear baths. I just, I've 100 pounds guys. Each, each leg, 275. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I picked your rowing it, you know. Like do we grow the 275s? Yeah. This is Nick Walker's leg right now. Yeah. That's what I was going to go was this one. This was from two weeks ago. Yeah. He got in a shape, like pretty quickly there. In the last, within the last four weeks. Oh, yeah. He sure did. I want to see that rear double here. Oh, yeah. There too. It is, but you can see like that mid back. It's like all this is dried out now. Yeah. And the glutes, the glutes in the hip area. Yeah. It's all, it's all sucked in now. Yeah. Yeah. Looks good. Let's go to Derek real quick because you know, we just been blown away with Kriso and Nick Walker. Yeah. And I don't think Derek is as, you know, as impressive this far out. Yeah. You're just the way it is. He's going to show up a seat. Oh, whip him to shape. Oh, George. Just as crazy as he was at the Arnold. But he does like leading up photos. He doesn't nearly as good, you know. Okay. I clicked on this video first. I wanted to see this leg extension. What brand is that, I wonder? I don't know. I bet you're tiny miller knows. He does. Resid in expert. Yes. Resid in expert. We need you. Clothing and equipment. Thought there was a video of him doing posing. He had a pita tank top on, but he's still pretty good. Second, I lost here. There we go. I think when I clicked off, I went to go look at the comments if the video froze. Let me see here. All right. All right. Scroll in down. Is some posing, maybe this one? Not sure, but that's pretty good. Oh, the lighting is shit. It's not here. It's not here. Maybe that's the, what is it? How far? This is three weeks out filter so that we can't quite see. I do feel like this is filtered or something. This does not look right to me. Yeah. Looks a little watery. Yeah. Maybe that's what it is. It was huge. Yeah, really. Yes, man. God. You saw some, how about if you see these, man? Where are people doing these figurines through AI? That's cool. Those are great, man. Those are fantastic. That Jake Colt or one looks pretty realistic, man. It looks just like him. It just really does. Yeah. The one beside him looks like I didn't realize that was at once, right? It looks like more like Kuklo. Yeah, I could see that. Yeah. I feel like people would buy that J figure in. Why not? Yeah, I get them going. If anyone can sell them, right? I want a little J like that in a little Ronnie too. You know, fuck yeah, dude. I would buy them for sure. They would stay in their package and everything. I'd take them out and I'd be like, front double buy stuff. Right. Put them through their pose. Exactly. Exactly. We're supposing that here. It's getting, I guess maybe it was on like a YouTube or something. Let's see. Let's see. We'll just see here. I don't think he has too much. There's him demonstrating he's a good family man here. He is showing his sponsorships, a little bit of promotion here. A little J Cutler stuff that has nothing to do with us. All right. Oops. All right. Huh? That's been the updates then, huh? Yeah. There's the one. There's this. You're hitting some shots in tank top. A couple of weeks at. How about this? This might be easy. This might, this is just a commercial. Oh, you put together. About this. Here's some. This is another commercial apparel stuff. I guess we just can't have to wait, huh? Hmm. That's the bad. We can have to wait. Some zippers and they shirt. What about Martin? I mean, it's on one of Martin has anything going on. Let's see. Martin fits water. Nothing going on. There's still a lot of, uh, here's eight weeks out, but that was. That was long time ago already. Yeah. It's still pretty good though. You know, he weeks out. Yeah. This two weeks ago. So you'll be fun to see how he stacks up against everybody, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It's a different fits water when he's when he's peeled and he's ready to go. Yeah. Really. And then. And I feel like he's coming in with, uh, he's coming in with, uh, you know, a lot of, uh, you know, what's, what's a lot of confidence this year. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he's only done well since he's, yeah. Since he had his breakout year last year. Yeah. It'll be good, Ben, because it, you know, we'll watch good veto. We'll watch him. We'll watch, uh, Creso and Bonuc. All in that second call out is going to be so crazy. Yeah. Geez. I mean, shit, that could be first call out too. Hope no, who knows. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be, it's going to be fantastic, man. I'm looking forward to it. You're getting me pumped up because I hadn't looked at a lot of this stuff until we're looking at it right now, honestly. So man. And you know what else is cool? It's like next, it's next weekend. Is it next weekend? Next weekend is a fixed-brick pro or the weekend after that. I can't remember. I think it's a week after. I think we have a couple. Okay. And then the week after that, the New York pro. And then at week after that, it's the Legion pro or California pro. It's like every weekend after these next two weeks, there's going to be a great show happening. Like every every week for the next, I don't know a couple months. It's pretty crazy. Yeah. That's the summer. Yeah. Cool. Like it was this a lot to talk about too on the podcast, you know? Heck yeah. Yeah. On all the podcasts. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Now it's a bit longer, but we can kind of, we can kind of like brush through it a little bit. But it's pretty, now Vince Garanda was was pretty popular in the 50s and 60s. Mm-hmm. And he pretty much got muscleed out because of weater, you know? You never heard about Vince Garanda. You never heard about a training. You never heard about his diet systems. You never heard about him. You know, a guru. And he was probably the original guru. If there was, his Vince Garanda. And never made an of the magazines because him and weater just didn't get along. That's what it was. Yeah. He had his own way about stuff, his own way about training. And there was a whole group of guys that would follow Vince Garanda around and use his diets. Okay. And he worked with people from all over the country, you know? Yeah. All right. And I got to tell you, man, I watched this ahead of time and he's way way ahead of his time. Really ahead of his time. Yeah. I'll see who he has to say. Yeah. I'll see. People are loud. Yeah. That Vince's diet's what's up. It was loud. Oh, yeah. It can extide. Right there. And further, many people are under the impression that these extreme diets should be adhered to indefinitely. This could not be further from the truth. In fact, Vince's teachings on nutrition and diet I believe are very misunderstood. And for this reason, I thought it was time to clear up clear it out. I guess these misconceptions and try to elaborate more on Vince's nutritional principles and give a list. Let's get forward to the. Yeah. How do you start with subsequent strategies? Not making that out. Here's the problem. I'm not on. I'll have to sign in here eventually, but I'm not second in. So I unfortunately have ads. I don't have that's okay. You can skip. Yeah. Building by many famous stars too many to list here. Very Scott. Now, one of the most important things to understand about Vince's diet is that they were goal-oriented. This is very important because not all individuals are the same and we are all essentially different. Vince believed one should experiment and see what works best for you as an individual. This meant pretty good. To the diet given as a recognized structure on that. Yeah. And then tweaking and adapting it to suit your own individuality, your own individual metabolism, lifestyle, etc. Another very important thing to understand is that most of his diets, most are not maintenance diets. That is they are not meant to be used indefinitely. As I mentioned before, they have a certain goal to their goal-oriented. They serve a specific purpose. They are supposed to be used to achieve a certain goal and therefore they act as tools for weight loss or weight gain. Or more specifically to lose fat and add quality muscle. And as I mentioned, once you follow the diet, you can experiment with it and see what works for you. Now having just addressed the idea of the individuality and the bodybuilding training, you need, become to another very important moment. And that is that muscle that is served different needs. This is a very important thing. You know, you've got to really get it into your head. Vince developed many different diets for the different needs of his client. He had diet based on meat for example. There were high protein diet for rapid muscular gains. He also, a times recommended lacto over vegetarian diets. For example, one of his trainees had nervous fatigue. He even recommended periods of going vegan for detoxification. That's right, you heard of. He actually even is going vegan at times. And having settled with this and having listed all these examples of the different diets and elements of these diets, Vince encouraged his clients to develop an innate wisdom. He actually called it an innate animal wisdom. And that is to recognize when the diet has stopped becoming effective. Because the diet is going to be longer effective at this point. It is time to actually change diet. And of course, this is highly dependent on the individuality of the trainee. If the diet doesn't work anymore for you, why continue with it? It's time to change. It might mean that you've been on a high protein diet for a prolonged period of time. And you need a detox so you might need to go vegan for a week or two. And believe it or not, this is the way that Vince actually recommended his diets to be used. When it comes to the choice of food for Vince's diets, Vince always said, think nutrition first. And having said that, he always recommended to remove, of course, junk food except for your days when you would have maybe one cheat meal a week. You just have to read meals back there. You just have processed foods. And instead to fresh fruit and vegetables, whole wheat grain products over refined products such as pasta and white bread, etc. High quality sourced animal protein. And even if you could stomach it to drink raw milk, raw steak. And of course raw eggs or it's got steamers in this talk about eating raw meat. This of course, raw sounds. Very much. Almost. Is that really the same? Like the red bean paste. I mean, rare. Really rare. Yeah. So now we finally come to the list of Vince to run as many, many diets. And here we have a following list of diets that have actually read up on in many of his publications. And I just want to talk about each. There is six eggs a day. We need to be a element of each. So we're maximum definition. We maintain these diets. This adult getting a diet. They're like a recommended. So it's a unique diet that he would actually say, you can be on this diet year round. And it was a good balance of proteins, fats and carbohydrates. And again, it was used for gradual muscular gains year round. Now if you wanted to really up the muscle gains, he recommended several other more extreme diets. And I've already talked about one many times. And that is the 36 eggs a day diet. Also known as the hormone precursor diet, which is high in protein. You also recommended this. What are other hormones? And the reason I do it that way. It worked so well. It was just similar to the articles from the 1970s, the scientific research articles. It was shown to give a positive nitrogen balance. And was very good. Good job. And of course. Yeah. In definition diet. This is the steak and egg style, right? It's famously called the steak and eggs diet. And there's many videos on YouTube on this particular diet. In short, this diet was forgetting shredded. You find it in one of my videos as well. I think it's the diets that Vince recommended for getting shredded. It's on my definition series of... I mean, from videos. I can eat that every meal is getting. Vince's gym. At the end of my ebook, I actually present the Eric Australia diet. And the point is to not follow this particular diet at all. It just serves as an example. And any probably had diets for, you know, Don Hoa was Larry Scott. And all the other people that were in his gym probably are kind of... He's a star. And the stance of the Vince was a trainer that understood the individual needs of his clients. And that's the point. That's the point I'm trying to make. Although he had probably hundreds of diets. Each had to be tweaked for his specific individual that he was training. This is very important to us. I bet you the Johnny Henning and having said that... That's the whole point of his career. So you really understand that... Vince, although he recommended certain diets, it didn't necessarily have to be adhered to 100%. Because as an individual, we all need to adapt things to suit us best. Vince, you've also had Arnold's body. All these different recipes. Yeah, that's right. That's right. How a breakfast, how a lunch, how a dinner. I'm just so meant to hear. He's really excited. Yeah, that was fine. That's what you got to do. Yeah, you're so interested with all the possibilities. That's good, man. Yeah, it's impressive that there was that kind of information all the way back then. Yeah, I'd be curious to learn a little bit more about some of his specifics. Because I haven't looked at the specifics. I've heard some of the stuff like, you know, the all eggs die at stuff like that. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. But I mean, he knew, like, hey, man, you need steak, you need eggs, you need egg whites, you need protein. You know, you need a lot of carbs. Depends on what you're trying to do. You could use carbs or not. You know, it's like, you, you all this already. He was like, way ahead of his time. I like that term he used that innate intuition. It's like, it is. It's like a primal and it's something you have to have as a coach. There's like this eternal, yeah, got feeling that you have when you know something's working or not working or or when it's not working yet, but it needs more time. Right. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. We know when to add carbs, when the poll carbs, when to add fats, you know, same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, you knew all that shit all the way back then. It's probably why all of his guys were ripped, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Let's go. They say that when he competed himself, he used to get so ripped that he would get knocked and judges wouldn't want to must taste. We're all like all that conditioning. You got to have more body. They're like that to compete and body. Two rigged. Yeah. Two ripped. Get off the stage. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got a little bit of the old stuff, new stuff, leafy stuff, fun stuff. Yeah. All dirty stuff. The next time you guys see Vige, he's going to be 152 pounds. I mean, steak and egg diet and 16 milligrams of redicurotide per day. So just hold on. Hold on to your seats, guys. Vince Garrandos fault. Yeah. Yeah. All right, man. What do you say? We call it. We call it. This is amazing. And we, I think we did everything we could for the day. I hope that people appreciate it and let us know. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's getting even better. Yeah. It really does make a difference. I'm trying to get the channel built up as best we can. It really is my dream. You know what I mean? To keep freaking grow in this thing. I would love to see us hit like 50,000 subscribers at some point. Yeah. That would be sweet. Man, I'd take that. I know there's a lot bigger channels in that. I mean, I see, I see think big hitting 100,000. I don't see a line up. Why not? I mean, oh, that would probably. I look at some other channels. I'm like, they have 100,000. Think it doesn't have 100,000. Why? Come on. Look at the talent. I think the good looks. Yeah. Look at the guy in the red beanie. Oh, my god. Yeah. So, hey. On that note, for body building nurse radio and Scott McNally. See you guys. See you guys.