If you have a tried cyclic dexterity on flavored on its, oh, it's, yeah, and I've done that try adding to it on flavored E a to there. It's trying to try to try blending tuna with it and that's even so bodybuilding it's not actually that expensive. There is other hobbies in my opinion that are far more expensive than bodybuilding bodybuilding lifestyle can actually make you extremely mindful of your spending. It can actually lead to you saving money in various different ways because you know waste in money on garbage, you don't need. Hey, what's up guys, life is expensive and bodybuilding is by no means cheap, but your budget doesn't have to stop you from making fantastic progress. My first contest prep literally every five dollars was budgeted out, but I made it work. Today I'm joined again by I. We be pro kuba challenge and we are going to explore bodybuilding on a budget. Thank you everybody from Patreon. Thank you for your support over there. I'll have links below to Patreon to truenutrition.com. Use our code think to get 10% off and if you're in Canada supplement source dot c a for Canadians guys get those deals. What's up, kuba? I am fantastic. How are you? I am doing great man. Hey, real quick before we get into this thing. How far out are you from your show now? Oh, it's getting close man. It's getting close. I am exactly let me just give you to the day and time free weeks and four days. Three weeks and four days out. I was 247 pound yesterday. Okay. Today I was 245.9 and we are coming in my friend. Hell. Yeah. Yeah. It's coming. It's coming slowly with surely. I'm on track to be ready over the next pretty much. If I wanted to really be ready in a week's time I could push it to the right in a week. Okay. That's not the goal. I've already had to back off my steps. I always do a formal war contract amount, but that was actually hurting my legs quite a lot. Okay. I am a lot of bit of a... I wouldn't say self sabotage, right? But it is self sabotage in a way because if I was my own client I would be like, you're not doing any steps on treadmill. You idiot. Just do his steps outside. You don't need to do any treadmill. But for me, I guess stuff in my head where I'm like, I've got to do it because it's almost like a little bit of a hard or root. You want to make it hard. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, when... and this is the lesson for all the listeners, when progress is coming, right? You need to do just enough and just what's needed to keep the progress going. Yeah. Because if you sometimes start doing more, you actually create more problems for yourself and you can actually do more damage than goods. And I see this so often with clients, so often they're making credit all progress, then they start doing more volume, they start doing extra cardio doing this, doing that, and then they start making progress, stop recording, and it all starts for the part. So, big lesson for me, and it's something that I always have to write my head round, especially when, like, even now, my steps have to come down to slow down the rate of loss. It's like, I don't feel like I'm on prep at all. Like, I'm not really hungry, food isn't low. Okay. Conditions, gray, training, flying, so for me, it's like, I almost feel guilty because I want to be so free. But it's just not happening. But listen, that's just a bad product of how committed I have been to the offseason for me. There is no offseason. It's like, I see so many guys that have blown it this year on stage because they took their offseason as an offseason. Yeah. And if you want to be a great bodybuilder and you're not a genetic freak, there is no offseason. You'll have to be on it's unfortunately. And that's just what it takes. But for me, I take off pride in doing that. But I also, I'm thriving that sort of environment. I love it. It's like, yeah. Yeah. The prep routine. And it's almost like, I do have a real idea to personality. Like, my family. My family, let's just say, there's a lot of people that struggle with certain intentions. I follow you. And I definitely have a trait. Yeah. And one thing I've realized personally is like, I, I'm definitely addicted to not just the process. But I'm addicted to the discipline that comes as part of the process. Because that discipline gives me freedom in a way because it gives me a lot of control. And control, not control, gives me freedom and almost power and happiness. Yeah, I can really, can that vote? It could probably really relate to that on the stunt that. I can really. That I'm 100% man. Yeah, I don't think that any people will. But if some people come and fair enough. I think a lot of people listening to this program and a lot of people who connect to bodybuilding like you or I do. I think that maybe more people than you know will connect to it. Hey, let's jump into this thing, man, because I know you have a bunch of stuff. You've got notes. I've got notes. I've got notes. They wanted to hear about this topic. We got into it the other day. Somebody last episode, we addressed the comment. Somebody said, yeah, well, this is all finding good Cuba. You know, taking all of this hundreds of dollars at this and thousands of dollars at that. But what about I don't have the money to be doing all this? I'm just a dude who's trying to get in the bus shape I can be. I have to think about my budget kind of thing. And we thought, well, hey, there's that whole other side that you addressed, and you're like, hey, dude, I worked hard. I started from nothing, right? And you've built the life you have today in order to bodybuild at the level you do it at. Now, what about the, for the guys that maybe are in a different position? Don't have the nearly the finances. Maybe they've got other responsibilities. They've got kids. We don't want people like, you know, trading in the formula money for GH. You know what I'm saying? Genoa, it's called. I'll be super honest here. Yeah. Bodybuilding can be extremely cheap. Yeah. It seriously is because when you look at the way you can manage your spending and how you can sort your food, I know a lot of clients that I work with that. I do have families. Bodybuilding and the way that budget and the way they shot for bodybuilding actually saves them a lot of money in comparison to the money that they used to spend in past. And how much food did they used to waste in past as well? Because think about this, right? Where you are just living a normal person like that, right? And you are not really auditing what you need to spend. And you are not auditing what you are actually spending on some of the little habits and little things like coffee is et cetera, which, again, I'll get into all of this. When you add it all up, the figure is extortionate. Like the money that people waste on just garbage every day would literally pay for two bodybuilders food shops per week. Yeah, especially if they go to several. That's legit. 100% I mean, a Starbucks, a couple of treats a day. Let's say two coffees per day and a couple of treats, a couple of soft drinks per day and a lunch out every day. Yeah. That could up, especially in America, I mean, that couldn't be like $50 per day. Easy. Yeah, really. Easy. 50 or 50 bucks a week. That would probably buy two weeks worth of shopping. If you are smart about way, shop for your bodybuilding. Okay. That's a great list of stuff. It could literally supply you for weeks. Now, I think a great place to start first, Scott. And this is on topic, but off topic. Okay. Is I think auditing spending habits? Okay. Yeah. If you want to have a budget and if you want to do bodybuilding and a budget thing, first, you need to audit, spending. Most people waste so much money monthly subconsciously and without even realizing on subscriptions that they don't even use. Oh, yeah. People very often subscribe to Eva Jim's or subscription services that they never ever use, but it's like $5 here, all five pounds, whatever you want to call it. 10 pounds here, 15 pounds here. And it's something actually that did with my life. Not lonely guy. I was like, listen, you pay an out for all of these things at a single month. When you look at them individually, it doesn't feel like anything. But when you add all of these things up, you add all to like $100 a set of out pound a month. Yeah. I'm paying for two television subscription services right now. It's literally $30 a month and I'm about to cancel one because it's one too many right now. We have the one, you know, and I thought, no. Yeah. Yeah. We were, and then like the show ended. But I didn't cancel it. Now it's been on for an extra month. So I'm like, man, I got to get rid of that. Small little things like, you should premium. Do you need you to premium? Yeah. You probably don't. That's 15 pounds. You could say that again. Yeah. Now first, I urge people to order their subscriptions and order everything they are actually paying out for a month. They do not use. And I promise you, vast majority of listeners right now are probably going to save at least $100 per month, if not more. And that is no exaggeration. I know numerous of my friends that probably pay out close to $100 per month on bullshit. They do not use. Yeah. So that's the first one. Order your subscriptions. First and foremost. Secondly, I want you to track exactly how much you spend on coffees and treats per week. No. Think about it. I want you to order a full week worth of spending on all of the small little things that you could actually go without. And is that, does that include, like, if I buy a 12 pack of Coke Zero and I have a Coke Zero every day, does that count? No, no, no. Because that would actually save money, especially buying a Coke Zero from a shop and you buy in a 12 pack. But if you're buying it just from a local shop and you pay in over the odds for it, then I would definitely add to that. Because you can buy a 12 pack of Coke Zero and it works out like 12, so about 25 or 50 to be a can. But if you go to a normal local shop, it could be like one pound 50. Yeah. There's a big difference, right? Yeah. They're like $3 here. Yeah. So you buy a couple of pounds at $6 a day. Yeah. So it adds up across the week, right? So coffee and a little treats. Anything that you spend across your week that you could go without, right? Order that. And then I want you to assess your random spending habits. A lot of people have very peculiar, very random spending habits where they like to spend money just for sake of spending money. It's almost like a lot of people, a lot of people actually do it, a lot of imprap where they will buy clothes, they will buy a random ship. And it's not that they need it, they don't need it. They are just looking for that dopamine hit. They're trying to fill that void. Absolutely. Not putting food in, you're not getting a hit from that. So you're trying to fill that with something. Absolutely. Now, once you have ordered it, you're spending then you can start planning your budget. Because that's the whole point, right? Bodybuilding a budget. You need to work out what budget you have and how much money you have to spend or how much money realistically you need to be spending or saving per week in order to make it work. Right? Now, the first thing I do with a lot of clients that are sign up to me, especially USA clients and a lot of them are not very used to it. And that is going to be a huge thing that stops people wasting a lot of food is weighing your food raw instead of cooked. Okay. If you weigh your food raw, you are not wasting a single gram of that food. You are not wasting a single grain of rice. You are not wasting a single piece of potato. Way of food raw. Not cooked. Very often people that weigh the food cooked. They amount of times they will just throw food away because it's even gone off or they don't like anymore because it's not fresh. It all adds up across the week and across the month. It could equate to probably five or six portions of meat. If someone isn't mindful of it. So small little change guys that you could make. And again, you are going to, I don't care what anyone says, right? I can argue this point to death. If you weigh your food raw, it will always be more accurate. I don't, I do not care what anyone says. I will stop by that. I will stop by that until the day I die. Okay. I won't argue with you then. I won't get into it. We got more important fish to fry. 100% All puns and fended. You're food raw to not waste any food. All right. So you set the budget, set the budget. And then we can come down to, I've got actually a list of stuff on what shops you can utilize, what food sources you can utilize and how you can save money, what carbohydrates, what protein, what veg, what fruits, sources, what shops, what supplements, how to get the deals. Again, gym memberships, how to meal prep and budget control with that. It's, again, buying in bulk and batch cooking as well. And then obviously, I've always spoke about it, but eliminating the random spades, spending with coffee shop visits, protein bars, brews, etc., alcohol, takeaways, eating out, auditing all of that. Yeah. Well, that we can gain to now. What do you want to stop? Man, I mean, I think the food stuff is really important. You know, I'll tell you what, I didn't shop at just one store for my foods. Another thing I want to make sure we cover, too, is what are the supplements we actually need? I'd like to get it at some point in here, you know, because I do feel like if you have more money, it would be nice to be able to take this, this, and this. But there are some things that's like, hey, we really don't need that, you know? So, I'd love to get into that, too. Let's start with that food, though. I think that'd be a great place. That's where we spend a lot in food is not cheap right now, you know? Absolutely. Now, right, when it comes to food, I think first we need to go with protein sources, right? Absolutely. It's probably your most expensive heart, isn't it? Yeah, absolutely. Look, this is something that I had to do in my early days, because I simply couldn't afford to buy stuff in supermarket. It just wasn't, it just wasn't calls for me, right? If I was to do my entire food shop in just Tesco or any even cheaper supermarket, I'd get in UK like Aldi or Liddle, which are very, very reasonable price. I would still get that ideal shopping actual wholesalers. Really? Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Do like wholesale stuff. Yeah. In UK, you've got Costco, you've got macro, you actually supply restaurants. But in every single city, you can actually find even for Google it. You can actually find boochers that supply the actual restaurants and supply boochers. Okay. So, I would often go to a boochers that actually does the supply and we would often buy a piece of a cow and my dad would actually just skin it down and that dad would portion it all out for me. The same with chicken, the biggest issue was when used to buy the chicken by the beef, it would be very, very cheap. It would take a lot of work to kind of clean all the crap from it. That's quite a thing. That's quite a thing because my dad was super skilled at that anyway. But generally, when it came to shopping, I used to shop at macro, which is exactly what restaurants use to get the supplies. If you know how to speak to people, absolutely anyone can get a membership on macro. Okay. You can get it easily. It's the same as Costco. Like most people can get it, you just have to pay a small little fee, but it's very much worth it. The only issue is anything you buy there is bulk bought. So you get 20 kilo bags of potatoes. You get big bags of season in. You get big bags of chicken. You can get stuff that are relatively cheap even when it comes to meat. So you could do a majority of your shop in a place like macros. But when it comes to selecting, for example, protein sources, when you are in a budget, I think sticking to eggs, which is a spinook eggs, a still pretty cheap. I know in America, you've gone through a phase with super expensive. They're coming back down now. It depends where you shop because I have three or four different grocery stores in Fermi Costco isn't the cheapest for eggs. But I can find some places that are cheaper. I have in the key for me, Cuba, and this is something I did all along, especially when the budget was tight. I knew where to go for what products. This place had eggs for cheap. This place has meat for cheap. I'll go to Costco now to get my chicken. They have it for $2.99 per pound. The chicken is good versus the chicken I get from my my grocery store. That $2.99 chicken I can't handle. I got to get fancy chicken if I'm going to shop there. Otherwise, I just can't stomach it, man. But yeah, definitely shopping around. Honestly, Scott, you can get frozen frozen fish frozen chicken. Yeah. Extremely cheap. You gotta be careful. I think sometimes with the frozen chicken at least here, they have it all puffed up with sodium. So then you thought those breasts out and you start cooking them and what was six ounces is like two in it. That makes it exaggerating. It's two and a half ounces when you're done. You know what I mean? So we do have some of those deals that aren't necessarily deals in the end. I don't know how they do that over there. But in Europe, they're not actually allowed to do much the food as a good comparison to in comparison to your site. You know what actually they did, I like my clients talking about this because the FDA I pretty much think has 20% leeway for not being a transparent nutrition value of the food. Okay. And in Europe, it's like 10%. So the difference is wild. But also in Europe there's different legalities, there's different stuff that's putting place to kind of protect the quality of the food as well. Yeah. But what I personally used to have done for because I do come from a quiet Paul background, I used to eat a lot of tuna fish. Oh, I was just thinking tuna fish, man. Yeah. So Tint tuna potatoes was pretty much stay from it. I both extreme the cheap and I used to buy them in bulk, little in UK. I used to get four packs of tuna for like, I'm pretty sure it was like one pound 50 or some for your stupid. So my whole meals for the day's got probably worked out like free pound 50 because I used to eat free tuna meals per day. Yep. And I used to eat potatoes with it. Then bulk protein and my protein back in the day used to always have 50% off discounts. Okay, every month. So I would never, ever buy any supplements until they came with 50% off. And what I would often do is buy a bag of unflavored way, okay, bag of flavored way because the unflavored way would be extremely cheap. Then the bag of flavored way would be a lot more expensive, but what I would then do is I would have a scoop of flavored and a scoop of unflavored. Yeah. So I would have double the amount for half the costs. I love it. So this way, I would have free tuna meals with potatoes and you start to blend my tuna and drink it. Then I would have one or two way meals and one chicken meal or beef meal. Okay. The chicken would always always come from a butcher or a wholesalers, which again would be half the price of what would pay in the supermarket. And then when it came to actual supermarket choices, in UK, you've got different tiers of supermarket. Marks and Spencer's weight trolls, which are extremely high quality, which streamer high priced, you've then got same's bris, which is still relative the expensive, but extremely high quality. Then you've got Aldi Tascar, which are like mid range moronsons. And then you've got Little and Aldi who are much cheaper, but not necessarily the best quality. Okay. Yeah. So the stuff is actually really good. But Aldi and little are known for being the cheapest options. Okay. So I would always get my veg and fruits from Little because that's what was cheapest. Always get the frozen fruit because frozen fruit is much cheaper. True. If you came at a certain time, they would always have fresh fruit on offer on the sale. So I would always go in towards later on in a day when they would offer on in the sales. So trying to get as much sales as possible. But generally, I would always opt for buying frozen fruit, just to save money, especially in the supermarket that I knew had the cheapest options. So I would always buy from numerous different places to save money. And luckily, they wasn't far away from each other. It was only a few minute drive and obviously my mom and dad was doing the shopping for their own for themselves as well. So it was handy because I was in the car with them. And I was able to just get the supplies and get the right prices. And then when it came to pro in, it was always frozen fish, which actually the bought from a supplier that against supplied restaurants. You have EUK. You've got different cash and carers they are called, right? A lot of UK listeners will know what cash and carers. And the cash and carers basically what coffee's used in restaurants. So cash and carers, what cash and carers, the use cost code use macro. Cash and carers basically are placed where you go and buy either like bulk frozen products or like any drinks or stuff like that as well. And the cash and carers, sheffield that used to do like 20 kilos worth of cod. It was frozen, it was good quality but it was very, very cheap. So and generally that's where fishing chips are used to buy it from. Oh okay yeah. So I was able to get the top price for good fish. And every month I would take a trip out that's a buy it and I would freeze it, portion it out and that would do me for the month. Yeah and like you're seeing it takes more, a little bit more work, right? But in that planning ahead, but you know definitely I'm right on the same page with you man. I think I did mostly all the same stuff. I would work way protein actually when you come to as a protein source isn't expensive. No. So I'd work way protein in as well and egg whites. I do and what I would often do to take eggs to work with me is, you know, each egg is for each egg white is about four grams of protein. I would hard boil the a dozen up put it back in the container and put that in my, uh, in my cooler to take with me and then one of my meals is going to be 12 egg whites. See egg whites, so not actually that cheap yet. Okay. But not actually that cheap. When you say, well these are like the whole hard boiling egg and then you're eating the weight, you know. Yeah, see eggs as well. Eggs are super cheap in catching calories as well. Okay. I used to, I never used to get like trays of six. These would be trays of like 30 eggs. So we used to bulk by the eggs as well and that would actually work out quite a cost-effective too. So generally, buying bulk and buying from various different suppliers is always the best way to go. Now look, if you are an extremely busy individual and your work days are stacked, it's probably not going to be cost-effective for you to do that. However, I was at a stage in my life where I was busy, but I still had the time every month and every other week to take a trip, to make these shopping trips. And I have the supplies for the month. So it made sense for me to do that because it saved me so much money and it worked out. A kid you're not Scott, I especially back then with how cheap every different was. I'm pretty sure that my whole day of eating used to cost me like six, six pounder, something stupid. The entire weeks were for food to set me, probably cost me like 40, 50 pound max for the week. And that was meeting a large amount of food. Generally, when it came to the sources, it would be tuna, chicken, fish, again frozen, unfortunately, not fresh. And then carbohydrates sources would be big, big bags of rice flour. I would never buy a canoe of rice because that could never afford it back then. So it would be rice flour, rice potatoes and oats, again bulk bought. It used to be like five pound for the bag of 20 kilos of potatoes. So as you can imagine, I ate a lot of potatoes. That definitely went down pretty well. And then obviously big bags of rice in like five to 10 kilo bags which are extremely cheap as well. So sticking to that and sticking to frozen veg anyway, that always helped. And even some tinned veg and tinned pineapple back in the day. Okay, yeah, what I did there too. And what I did it have, what I didn't have the finances, that always helped a lot. So that was the plan of action really. Well, essentially, I knew exactly how much money I had to spend each week. And that was my limit. So what I basically did, I created a method and I created almost like a road map of where I need to buy, what food sources I need to buy, at what price to be able to stay within that price range. Yeah, I would be curious for any of our listeners at home, you know, what tips do you have? Obviously, foods are more expensive today than when you were short on cash or I was short on cash. But there are still good deals out there. And I'm, I'm no stranger to them. I'm still looking for deals. You know, I'm not eating nearly as much as I used to. So I don't have to work quite as hard at my, my bargain shopping like I once did. But I still do see the deals out there and I still take advantage a lot of them. So I'm curious too. You guys comment below. Let us know what are the other deals. And then Cuba, we're, we're else, we want to go with this because we got the, I think we covered a lot of food stuff. Oh, yeah, I think that's, yeah, I don't think that it files with Camryl and Cuba. I think all the citizens now have got a clear guide on what they need to do now to be able to be a frugal man, save some money and even save on your, on your family shopping as well. Yeah, and at least we get them, we, we hopefully we've got people thinking, you know, how does this apply to you in the stores that are in your area? What, what were you not thinking of before that you maybe can apply now? Even if hey, it saves you 20 bucks, you know, if we can help you save 20 bucks, it's worth it. Also, a lot of people are probably going to check themselves and see how much to access spending on takeaways, alcohol, coffees and stuff to probably have it even for about. So yeah, all right. So from here, I mean, what else do we have? They probably all want to hear about the gear side of things. So we, we won't cover that quite yet supplements Cuba. What are the, the absolute necessary supplements that we have? How do we find deals on that? You gave us one tip already. I think that was a great one. I've got a couple myself too. Right. I think that's going to the essential, right? What essential supplements everyone should be taking and that should be in my opinion, creating number one, extremely cheap. Those were it says on the tin. Yeah, right. Magnetism, Omega, good quality Omega, Vitamin D free in K2. That's absolutely essentials. And locally, they are all relative the cheap. Way protein would be on the list. However, way protein is significantly more expensive these days than it was back in the day. However, my top tip is never, ever buy supplements on tell companies have offers on. If you are subscribed to a lot of the email lists from various different companies, companies have offers on almost every single month. So if you budget accordingly and if you're not patiently waiting for an office come in and you stock up accordingly, so you actually have stock there just in case you are better off buying a little bit more when the price is cheaper than having to buy at full price. That's exactly what I used to do. Every single time there was an offer on that 50% off. Oh yeah. I would stock up and I would make sure that I have enough to last me until the next offer comes around and more with extra buffer time. So I don't run out. We had a discount table at Vitamin Shop here class and I would get in there and just get everything. I didn't know, you know, different brand of protein ever uses protein before, but I guess I am this month. You know, and if I had the money to buy two of them, I would. You know, I don't even know how good it is, but I, you know, I don't good at tastes, but I know this is a reputable brand. I'm going to buy it up and I'm going to live off of that, or maybe they have a closed-dated vitamin. You know, and that's why I'm a big fan and this isn't, and it's a plug, but it's not a plug. SupplementsourStatCA. One of the companies that we work with, they have closed-out deals. They're like label-change products. So all of a sudden, you've got this product that was like an EAA that was like $45 and now it's $15. If I could, I'd buy like three of a amount of time, you know, because it's not always going to be there. Or true nutrition, I've always been a fan of them because I was on a huge budget. So like Carbo load, it's more of a waxy maze type starch product, right versus it's not going to be as great as highly-branched cyclic dextrin, but you know, I wasn't in a place where I'd afford 50 grams of highly-branched cyclic dextrin a day. So I would use Carbo load. What is it? It's like $20 for 15 servings of 50 grams per serving. So if I split that in half, I could get 25 grams of carbs intro workout for pennies. I was going to put them out too. For like 30 workouts. I used to drink the on a flavoured cyclic dextrin from my protein. Again, that was about 50% off. So I used to get the big bags to an off-key low-bugs and it's just stuck pilot all just so it's just so it's there. Yeah, and that wasn't too pleasant. But listen, did the job and I needed to do what I needed to do. In UK you have got a lot of sugar-free calorie free squashes. It's called that rhubbina or Robinson's Robinson's Squash. So you add a lot of it to you water and add the flavour. Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know what you're talking about. It's like, we have a pretty good one. When you come to UK I'll show you. Basically UK you've got a selection of these different squashes. So I used to use that as flavour and system to it because if you have a triad cyclic dextrin on flavoured on its oh, it's yeah, and I've done that. And then I tried adding to it on flavoured E8 to that. I tried trying to try blending tuna with it and that's even so what I used to do what I used to do is tuna, cyclic dextrin and then you actually get EAAs that were like apple flavoured and he used to put it in the freezer. Yeah, he's in for flavouring and that wasn't actually too dreadful. So I used to manage that a lot when I was working. Yeah. That's brutal man. But hey, that you wanted it, right? You wanted to do what you needed to do to make it work. Chief, chief, chief, and it did the job got the results. So wasn't the most pleasant for it allowed me to do? I needed to do and save a lot of money. Yep, I'm with you 100% man. So, all right, anything else on supplements? That's it. I think general supplements are not an necessity. I think when you're at the base it's covered. That's it. You don't need to be buying supplements. Just focus on food and buy the bare essentials. I think that's key. A lot of people waste a lot of money on supplements. I think especially when they aren't on a budget. So if you honor the budget, magnesium, de-free, creatine, omega, weigh when it's on all the, that's it. Job done. Yeah. I had to be careful too with even where I went to, which gym I went to. Like I had to find good pricing. In fact, yeah, good, but my first sponsor that I had as a bodybuilder was Nicole's restaurant. They were barbecue restaurant at nine mile in telegraph road. Love those guys. They have great food, but they were fans of bodybuilding in fans of MMA. So they would sponsor an MMA guy and they would sponsor a bodybuilder. In four like three or four years man, they sponsored me and they said, hey, if you'll wear one of our t-shirts in the gym, you know, sometimes we'd be happy to pay for your gym membership in exchange. So that was my first sponsor. I was so forgot to say, me and my dad actually approached the butcher's back in the day and he used to do me a deal every month on a certain amount of food at a discount and rate because we basically said, look, every month we're going to come and buy this amount of chicken beef eggs. Yep. Can you do a can you do me a deal and he, he obliged. So sometimes guys I think it's worth even approaching your local boaches and saying, can you do me a deal on this set amount of meat every single month? If you can, happy days, if not a look. What's the worst that can happen? People are going to say no, right? No. All the topic of gym memberships, I will always always say support your local gyms, do not do not buy cheap, chain gym memberships. Now look, there will always be reasonable price gyms that are local gyms to you. I think you should always support them and I think you should always always always give back to them. You don't need to sign up to your fancier gym that charges an extortion about a cash per month. Yeah. You can always find a privately owned gym that is well equipped. Is it fancy? Does it have flashlights and is reasonably priced so that it stays whipping your budget? Yeah, we have gyms here where like you get a towel and a locker like they give you a towel and don't ever time you. No, yeah. No. All you need is a good gym spares artists owned privately by a nice gym owner. Give them the money. Do not give money to change it. Please guys, make sure you support your local gyms and local local businesses as well. Yeah. Yeah. All across the board, man. I'm with you 100%. Unfortunately, we don't have as many local butchers and I don't want to keep muddying our topics, but I'm with you on that. What's your thing, too? I used to get chicken ground by a butcher and now he'd have to clean the machine in order to do that because he's always doing beef, right? But he would clean it and I'd get him to do like 25 pounds at once and put it in these big plastic bags. I'd have all this ground chicken which was cool because it changed up the texture. You know, give me something different in front of you. Well, I actually have a mincer and I'm in smith myself. Nice. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in sort of medicine. I make like a little bird. I make a little bird that's from medicine. So when you mince it and you vacuum seal it, yeah, literally creates a burger. So it's it's unbelievable. Scott, Venison, like it's leader than chicken. So it's yeah, I love red meat, but obviously a lot of red meat can be quite fatty. So Venison and the Venison burgers, it's like I could eat them all day, but I just have one a day and I'm like that that will do that will do pig. I love that. No, it's so kind of the way. I love that. I'm with you on the gym thing and just supporting local business in general. I was lucky like I said my first sponsor paid for my gym membership. In part of that is it's the relationships. We're talking about relationships here too. In order to get the membership you're talking about at a restaurant place, you got to know how to talk to people. You know, if you don't have a business ID, in order to get a butcher to work with you and give you deals or to find the place to get that cheap cod, you got to be able to talk to people. In order to get the deal I had, getting my gym membership paid for, which I look back at at man, cup a hundred dollars a year. But to me, that was huge. It was a huge difference for me, man. It really made a lot of difference in my, in my finances. Right. It's also nice. I mean, listen, if someone can do that for you, it's actually a boost of motivation for you because someone's clearly looking to invest into which is always an ice feeling. And listen, there's always relationships you can create by simply being nice to people and speaking to people. So do not be afraid to approach people. What's the worst that can happen? Someone's going to say no. I mean, if someone says now, you say thank you and you move on. I'll say it. Right. Yeah. And with you, hey, how about the gear side of things? We got it. We got to get into the gear. We're going to have to. We're going to have to. Right. This is a tricky one because we've gear very often you pay for what you get. However, there is different compounds that are going to more expensive than others. We're going to accept that. If you are on a tech budget, I would always opt for the cheaper options. We both know that Prima Bowler is extremely expensive. Yes. What? If you're on a budget, you probably don't have the money to spend their fortune on Prima. So the old saying test is the best. Comes back around because test is cheap. Test is the best in this scenario. And test is going to be your best friend. So invest in a lot of testosterone. If if you can handle some anxiety that can come with it, you can use a lot of EQ. But then again, if you can get good meal, a good good meal could deal on Master drum. Yeah. Master could be a go to. But personally, if I wasn't a budget and I wasn't a budget back in the day when I was younger, I actually stuck to Maylita, testosterone. Yeah. I could see that. Test, testosterone and even back in the day, they used to be am so 100 million decker from I think it was Greek. Oh, where did they like the blue? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not as long as we're all going on. No, I'm a decker. It was normal. It was normal. It was all going on. Okay. And decker. Okay. Yeah. In amps. So pretty much the first few of my cycles was literally a hundred million grams of decker per week. And like, 250 or to 500 of me left test. That's it. And I did have to take a little bit of an oven expert here as well. Yeah. Just so I wasn't lactating. So where does a world is away, guys? I'm not saying that the cycle design that's most budget friendly is going to the healthiest. It probably won't be true. It probably won't be for guess what? It's going to be fair to cheap and affordable. If you are on an extremely tight budget and mushrooms, not an option, EQ's going to cause you issues and you know that you can't deal with things. I am a cause you or the damage with your hematic rate, etc, which we've been out a lot of people have ever had a problem with. Yeah. Test and an I. Both. Yeah. We have a cheap old school. Old school. It's going to get the job done and it's going to keep a lot of pennies in your pocket if you need it. So yeah, you know what I did to Cooper. I we used to get the the finnacart, the finnacart cartridges. Yeah, finnacart. And I got it was like maybe $30 for what equated to like I think we got like 20 mills of of trend out of that. So it was like $30 for the little cartridge and then from there, once you invested in buying the the solvents that you needed in the oil, which you know, it still came out to be a lot cheaper even in that first batch. And then you'd have all that oil and solvent to do it again for another 30 bucks. So I I went that route more than one occasion. And they were even points that a cycle for me may have been tasked with like I don't want to run a bunch of trend, but like I'm just going to run a low dose trend just to push my total MGs. Oh, you know, and it it worked for me, you know, like you know, what's got what yeah. I have changed my views on trend a lot. Okay. Because I have experiments with trend in offseason quite often. Yeah. And I have ran trend at a very low dose for like 20 plus weeks at 50 between 50 to 100 milligrams. And guess what? Now lipid skewing, no blood work issues at all. My blood work looked identical. So what it did on just the same cycle as a run without the trend below and we've just tasked mass and cream on 50 per week, 50 up to 100. So it's 50 for the first few weeks. And then I pre-muched it like 100 milligrams for like I think 17 weeks. Yeah. So 100 would be like, you know, 25 every other day. And I guarantee you that, I mean, like milligram for milligram, it's so much stronger than just dust around. It's not like taking 25 tests. You know, you're you're adding something in that's definitely going to boost that cycle up. Yeah. I've done that myself, man. That's exactly what I'm talking about actually is I I had done things like that because like I just couldn't afford to do more. And then I leaned into the training. I leaned into the diet. And I made sure that I got the most I could out of those things. And I still made progress. You know, the devil is always in the dose of trend below. I truly believe it. It's not the component self that's the issue. It's just more so how much you take of it. If you take a very high amount of trend, it does more damage than go to my opinion. So a low dose of trend could be an option where I think people needs to tread carefully is people that especially when it comes to compounds like tremble on EQ and PP are the people that are very prone to like overthinking and bodybuilding is full of people that overthink to death. You know, a lot of people that you know mentally need work, right? So if you are the type of person that overthink so lot, please just avoid 19 laws avoid EQ because it's not going to be a survey well. I promise you, even at low doses, I've seen it cause issues for sure. I mean, I've seen just normal test cycles cause issues. Never mind, I didn't tremble on our decoding PP. And so just tread carefully guys when it comes to these compound choices. And ultimately, if you're a good deal on the old antibiotics, again, speak to people, see what they can do for you, see if they can do your deal if you're broke by. Yeah. There's always always a deal to be hard. And like I've said before, whilst the worst thing can happen, they can say no. But if they say yes, yes, well, say some word again, win, win. Yeah. And you know, all the content that we do, we talk about how like the diet is this certain way in the gear, these compounds. This compound is going to change. I never want to come off that way that you must use something because I do feel like people get it in their heads. We're like, oh, well, what am I supposed to do now because I'm not running growth and Cuba and Scott are talking all about G8. I can't afford that. So I guess I can't do bodybuilding. And that's the wrong mindset. Instead of looking at the things you can't do, this is something that was once said to me, I'll never forget when Shelby said to me, man, instead of focusing on the things that you don't have control of and that you can't do, focus on the things that you can do. Absolutely. There's so many more of those things out there. Imagine if you spend all day thinking about the things that you cannot do or thinking about the things that are and it's so holding you back. I mean, I couldn't think of anything worse because you would just be constantly in a negative state of mind. You have to look at things as an opportunity to find a way to keep making progress. And when people say, oh, I can't take growth on my God, you know, I'm able to do this. I have had so many guys turn proud without using growth. Sure. Unbelievable. Like none of these drugs are an necessity. Yes, sure. They will help. But guess what? They will not override effort and consistency over time. Agreed. 100% most of you can absolutely achieve majority of your goals if you want to put the work in. If you want to stay consistent and actually rinse and repeat the process, focus on the process, not the drugs because if it was down to the drugs, the guys that have access to the best drugs or the biggest guys in the world, that's just not the case. Yeah. No. That's not, man. Believe me. No. True. All right. Is there anything else? I know we had some listener question. Do is there anything else on our budget topic though that we want to cover? May I think we've covered it from Saturday back. We've covered everything. I think guys, I guess we've got any questions. Yeah. Or anything, anything that we may have potentially missed. Just let us know and we'll probably cover it next episode. But body building in my opinion and Scott, I'm not sure where you stand on it. It's not actually that expensive. There is other hobbies in my opinion that are far more expensive than body building. Body building in last style can actually make you extremely mindful of your spending and in my opinion, in my opinion, it can actually lead to you saving money in various different ways because you stop wasting money and you stop wasting food. You're not wasting money on garbage. You don't fucking need. Yeah. That is absolutely true, man. There came a point where like I wasn't going to bite if it didn't have protein in it. You know what I mean? All right. So let's do a lot of bunch of listener questions here. And I'm excited to get at some of these with you. I like this one a lot. By the way, I can't remember if this is just a question or comment. It's kind of long but I'll read it and see where it goes. He says, I'm self-managed amateur and I'm going for my first local ever at the age of 44. I've been training and dieting seriously since I stopped training karate at the age of 26. So good. Well, now dealing with life and surviving okay prevented me from competing. But now is the time and now is the moment that I can finally see the path forward. So thank you so much for this information. I hope you don't mind me applying your year the way we we we we put the year together in the last episode putting goals together. For long-focused prep towards a show at this point, I can't afford a trainer. I don't even know how I'm going to allow the cost of additional days off of work to recover my legs better or the we're in general to grow some never mind the food and supplements. Thank you, Cuba. So anyway point being man that he I think is hopefully going to get some value from this episode we've just done here. In listen, you don't need a coach. Like a coach like coaching is great. I mean, Cuba and I both like this is what part of our incomes are. We coach. But if you can't afford a coach, it understand it's not into the world. You still can do it yourself. And that's a big part of what the podcast is about. We can only help so many people and I want to try to get that information out there. And if you really focus and listen to the things we're saying, like you really can't apply it, listen and and listen to your body and figure out what you need to do for you on your own, you know. Being honest, if you listen back to all of the episodes on this channel with me with Scott with all the other guys, you probably don't need a coach. Yeah, if you make enough notes and if you take in enough knowledge, you will know how to pick yourself. You will know all about drugs. You will know all about offseason. You will know all about prep, cardio, nutrition, training, the so much content that we have done and we continue to put out across all our platforms. You probably don't need a coach. Where a coach is going to be extremely valuable is to the clients that really want to step it up to that next level. And the clients that want the extra accountability and need that hands on approach. But look guys, if any of you are watching this and you don't have the finances, you don't need a coach. Yeah, you know what, sometimes whenever client leave and this say, look, like, I don't need a coach no more because I know what I need to know now to keep achieving my goals. That's my mission completed as a coach. That makes me happy. Yeah. So just put that into perspective. You don't need a coach to do this. There's so many people that do this without coach. All you need is just a good attention span and you need to be subscribed to think about a building. You know, we're gonna cook a speech too, man. You need to subscribe. I mean, you need to be listening to our shows. That's it. Yeah. I am with you 100 percent, man. All right. Next one, real quick one, what brand or Cooper's glasses? All right, optics. I have warned him since 2000 on 19. Okay. And I actually have a discount code of now. Cool, but I thought he did. Yeah. It is a cool button. Cool, but 10. All right. 10. Cool, but 10. Hey, give me a budget. Hey, I'm out of objects. Give me the link. I will make sure to post that down below to that. Absolutely. You know what, the guys are unbelievable. And I kid you know, I'm not sure who I have a lot of luck is, but these blue that blockers really do the business man. I'm not gonna lie. Really. So I have it. It's built into my glasses. I don't know. No, okay. Yeah. It's not that shade. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know whether it would work or not, but they've offered that. And they're like, oh, well, we can just put it in for free. Well, I got okay. I'll take it. Whatever. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. Yeah. All right. I got a dextist scan today. After 5.5 months, I gained 13.2 pounds gained 8.1 pounds of lean body mass and gained 4.9 pounds of fat. I'm sitting at 14.7% body fat. Would you cut at this point? Or would you continue around maintenance calories? This was on T or T 150 milligrams of cast with 10 milligrams of var for 20 weeks. Wanna add to IU a growth soon. Please send as your pictures may instead of using a dextist scan. Dextist scans, not that accurate. And I would personally not use a dextist scan for any gauge of progression. Because I am pretty certain a couple of my clients use the dextist scan. And one week, he went, he had a test. It came up with all this data. Literally the week after he was a different company, different place, same dextist scan. And it gave completely different data again. So I do not believe in dextist scans at all. Instead, what you should do my friend, if you are listening, please send us over your pictures and both me myself and Scott. Me myself and Scott. Well, yes, well assess your pictures and we can then give you a bit of a guideline on what steps you should take next. I go with that. I like that a lot. Yeah. You can hit us up over at the great place would be joined the Facebook group for Think Big. And we have a bunch of good people over there. It's not a huge group. We've got like 2,000 people listening to the shows and they will post up things for critique and training and share things and all of that. So you're welcome to join over there, hit me up from there. I mean, that's in the group. Cuba's in the group. That's right. All right. So that's, so we're going back to what we were talking about when it comes to growing muscle. And Philster 81 says, okay, so that's 40 pounds in 30 weeks or a little over a pound gained per week. Technically, it would be 50 pounds increase since his from his most depleted state. So how can you accurately assess that the weight gain is muscle or fat or gear-related water blow accurately? Do you use the mirror? What if you can't tell the difference between blow and fat? What's the optimal amount of weight gain that should be expected per week during a massing phase? One pound even with gear? So, right. So let's just, let's just rewind first. I don't get bloated. I don't really push for that. My compound selections do not drive bloats or excessive water gain. I'm not a fan of that sort of cycles, because it's excuse the assessment. So all offseason, I take pictures twice per week. I take pictures on a Sunday fasted and I take pictures on a Thursday fasted. That's entire year, year round. So I am assessing my pictures every single week twice per week. So I know what is going on and I can see you cannot see a visual difference in muscular chin size on a week to week basis. But you can see shifts in fluid or body of that gain if things are starting to move into quickly. So if you are gaining a ton of blow and what a way, assess yourself and change it because that is not going to contribute to true contractile muscle. In fact, I would argue it's probably going to be of detriment to your training performance of recovery because you sleep, probably will suffer, your appetite and digestion will suffer. If you cannot digest your food, it's doing nothing. If you can't eat, you're not going to grow. So generally, the slower the better. And the reason why I have been able to add a decent amount of muscle tissue throughout that phase is because I started very lean and I was extreme at patient. I didn't push the drugs hard out of the gate. I escalated slowly. I didn't take any drugs that would drive and excessive amount of water. I didn't use how much of insulin. I didn't use any oils in the offseason. And guess what? This gave me a clear metric of assessment of my visuals week to week. There wasn't any variables that were skewing the water or the visuals to that degree. So food for four guys. And I liked that. I'm 247 to that free week. So the last amount of computers, my lowest point was like 226 and I competed at 230. Wow. And I very much doubt I am going to be under 240 this year. That's awesome. Dude, that's a huge amount of gain. I'll probably be about 15 pounds up from last year. Stage weight. That's an incredible amount of size. I don't care who you are. Like that's a lot. Think about what 15 pounds of hamburger meat looks like. And now spread that all over the spots that we want to see it. You know what I'm saying? Over the back, over the shoulders, over the biceps, over the quads. It's a lot of muscle. It's looking pretty decent. It's I'm not. I'm never going to be satisfied. Of course. If you weren't then I'd be worried. You know what I mean? With what I have done this year and what I've showed you the timeline. I am extremely confident with my approach now. That's today or that's now. That's from actually five days ago before my refeats. Can I post this on the show? Kind of. Yeah. All right. People who want to see that, man. Looks fucking sick. Dude. You look freaky. Yeah. It's a. It's getting close, man. It's getting close. Hey, a couple things I'll add to him is as that weight's going up. I'm with you, man. Nice and slow crawl upward. But it consistent, nice slow crawl upward. And then you kind of mentioned two digestion. How is that digestion going? How is your strength going? Are you getting stronger along the way? These are some of the things. And of course, the mere the pressure you. I'll show you my fatest body parts as well. Okay. Because there's no point in showing you my leanest. I'm not as a show in my fatest. If he's doing this himself, then I would suggest still taking those pictures just like you are because you can't judge it just looking in the mirror. You know what I mean? It's easier to separate yourself and what those pictures up compare them to two weeks ago, three weeks ago. And over time, you get better and better as as your eye gets tuned. I can't explain it. But the more experience you have, I do this all day long every day as does Cuba and that the longer you've coached. It's kind of like when you're driving on the road, most of us have experienced driving. Most people listen to the show do I'm sure. And you don't always think about when you switch lanes, why you're doing it. It's not like a conversation you're having. It just becomes an intuitive thing. You just know. Like I'm switching lanes. And if somebody stopped a less experienced person so why did you switch lanes? You might have to stop even and think like, okay, why did I do that? But the reality is you're taking in so much information that you're not even registering in a way that you can then articulate. You know what I'm saying? That you just, there's a level of gut intuition that goes along with it. So part of it is listening to what we're saying, but then just getting in there and doing it. And then seeing how the cards fall. See, you know, if seeing how everything goes. And then after that learning from it, you know what I'm saying? Oh, maybe that was a little bit too fast. You know, I'll go slower next time. Mate, this is what it's all about. This is why I love butter. It's so much because it's about doing the work. It's about learning from mistakes. And then applying yourself better next time. That's what it's all about. I, yep, I have gotten to the point when I am now because of all the years of mistakes that I've made. A lot of people are often on the impression that the more advanced you get as a bodybuilder, less pro-wish-make. For me, it's actually been the opposite because the more advanced I've gotten as a bodybuilder, more often than standing at half around when you're trashing training recovery, more progress I'm able to make. But yeah. A lot of people often say that sometimes like pay an attention to these variables, stressors them out. For me, it's the opposite. Like because I am in control and I am dialed in with these variables. I am completely relaxed because I am not only confident with a process but I know that what I'm doing right now is exactly what's going to push me forward the most. So you couldn't be any more relaxed because all this to it is just do the work. Be patient, stay chilled, do just enough, do what's required, don't do anything extra, don't do anything less, instead of in the course. That's it. I'm in Centipede. Yeah, you're fatty stereos are not that fat. Like you're looking lean. You cut all the way up to the hamstring, cut all the way up to the glue. That's from four weeks out. So that was from this week and just gone. Yeah, this is fantastic, man. Your back is looking a lot better, dude. Like it's come up with good enough. Back was dark shit. Everything is really balanced looking. Like you're top to bottom in that rear, you know the relaxed poses are so exposing. Yeah, that's what Garzboeakus poses as well. So I wanted to send you my like my fatest and moeakus pose, you know what I mean? Because if I said you're a front shot, you're like fuck me, dude, you're at a step of the stage. So yeah, it's a waste of time. I don't even look up a front shot now. I've not been looking at them for like six weeks out. Yeah, these look good, dude. I'm really excited to see how how this goes, man. And see how this looks stacks up, you know. I'm not honest with Scott. I don't care what it's stuck. So for me. Yeah, for you. For me as a fan, I do. For me, for me, the difference in my physique, I find a feel like a feel like a legit IFBB pronoun. I love that, dude. That's cool. That's how I feel. So I can I can say that with Bitmore price. Like I am an IFBB product. I feel like I I deserve that badge now with the progress that I've made this year. I love that, man. So yeah. Yeah, I got one more for this thing. And this and this just gets me more excited for the future as well because like I still I still know there's a lot more. There's a lot more to give. So yeah. Go ahead, me. All right. Okay. Love the show guys. Kuba came through with some great content once again. But we didn't do the word at the end of the episode to show that you listened all the way through. Sorry. I'm sorry. We're all going to do this time. Well, I'm going to do this time. I saved that one for the end, man. Yeah. Yeah. That was that was the best. That was the question. Listen. Yeah. If you have made it to very end, make sure you comment. What shall we say? Hmm. Show us a budget comment budget below and everyone that what we're talking about or I better good. What budget? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's quite fit. It's an inter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. If you have made it to very end comment budget below and will know that you are the true true fans of the podcasts. And you know what? I always listen to the very end every single podcast. I like your podcast with Jordan the other day. Oh, thank you, man. Yeah. It was great to get him on to and we didn't intentionally do it. But we beat everybody else out. We were like the first people to record with him. So I tried to get that up as soon as possible. He's a cool dude. You know, he, he, he absolutely loves the sport. I love it. I love it. Sounds like he's training his ass off down there in Texas. You know, and he's getting those great results. It's cool to see him at Pino. His genuine, his super nice. I love his content. I love how how much of a good person is you can tell he has not got a bad bonus body. He's just such an amazing person. So he deserves all the success. I truly believe that. So massively true. Massive all them to him under and thank you for bringing in tremendous content. Oh, no. It's my pleasure. And with that, I have to run. I've got a 17 year client about to do his show this weekend. We're going to do some posing right now. Yeah. For me, it's bedtime. I'm not going to lie. I am going to bed in the Litchell 20 minutes. So guys, you should feel them lucky because at this time, I never ever do anything. So that is that special moments. I love doing these podcasts with Scott. So I've had a very busy day. And I am spent. I'm not going to lie. Guys, before we wrap up, if there's anything specific, you want us to cover up. Any more questions you have, please make sure you comment below. Scott, have you got any more questions that we haven't covered? That we need to cover next time? We had a couple of adds and ends. We could bring them back. Make sure you note them down when make sure we'll we'll cover them because I don't want any of the listeners to feel like they're left out. I want to make sure that everyone gets looked after and everyone gets the questions answered. Guys, thank you so much. We appreciate you and make sure you subscribe to the channel. Scott, some love he's doing a fantastic job. You can tell me that you know, this channel means a lot to him and if we can keep supporting him, we definitely should do that. So let's do it. Scott, you. Thank you, man. And hope for the picture begins soon. I let you take the lead and sign up. Absolutely. Guys, definitely also follow Cuba and everything he's doing as he closes in on the show. So you know, you have so much stuff that's coming out on Instagram. You've got your YouTube channel. I'm excited to follow along myself, guys. And of course, uh, true nutrition.com user code think over their supplement source.ca for Canadians. Thank you to everybody from Patreon. In fact, hit me up with questions for the next episode with Cuba on Patreon. We will get those out and for another episode of the podcast here with Cuba. Guys, we'll see you soon. Thank you, Cuba. Appreciate you all, guys. Thank you.