All right. My collagen here and my coffee. Man, it makes us so well. The hydrolyzed beef collagen. It's just, it's so thin. Tradition? Yeah, it just like should just dissolves right into the coffee. Uh-huh. I love it. You're just taking that without any other protein source, just mix in the coffee. Yes. Yeah. I mean, I ate breakfast and then I, but I usually mixed that into my coffee 29 grams, which, you know, I don't taste it at all. Okay. There's no flavor. Yeah. I get the one thing. It costs per pound. Expensively $25. Okay. I wonder. But it works, man. So, you know, I've seen a difference in my life. And I get, I get side effects or effects that one would expect from growth hormone. Like, you notice that your nail start growing at a much faster rate. Um, I notice that my hair starts growing more quickly. Uh, my mom has been using it. She said that her skin has been improving. And, uh, she notices the fingernail thing too. So, I, and, I mean, I think, even if you're using growth hormone, it's probably giving you the raw materials to upregulate that production, right? You know, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, it's giving you the building blocks, if you, you know, you, you, you, if, if growth hormone is somehow giving you more workers or BPC is giving you more workers, then it's giving you more bricks. Bricks. Bricks. The growth hormone is, there's more like the, um, the contractor on site who's directing the construction process. I like that. So they're cracking the wood. So that, the growth hormone, that's the thing, it, it preferentially turns on, how to, um, connect with tissue protein synthesis, okay? Um, as opposed to muscle, myophibular protein synthesis. So, if you look at a muscle, we're gonna go with, just dive right in here. Yeah, it sounds good. Yeah, so muscles and organ. Each muscle is actually considered in organ. Um, and I've mentioned this before on, on, uh, on the show I believe, but we've got that nervous tissue, muscle tissue, that pathology tissue, and connected tissue. Those are the four tissue types, anatomically speaking in the body. And so that's, you know, we have cells, and then we have tissues, and then tissues combined to form organs, and then organs can find combined to form organ systems, and then we have the whole body, that's this composed of organ systems. So each muscle is actually part of the muscular system, which is composed of all the muscles of the body, each of which is considered technically an organ. You don't think about that way. Like you think, you know, your renal system, you've got two kidneys, you know, most people do. That's the typical. So there's the two organs, right? Or the gastrointestinal system, there's different organs, the liver is considered one. Obviously the intestines, the stomach, et cetera, et cetera. But the, each muscle is an organ, made up of different of those tissues. So muscle cells are one type of, skeletal muscles are one type of muscle-tissue, muscle cell in muscular tissue, but you've also got within there, epithelial tissue, and the endothelium of the vessels. You've got nerves, obviously, the nerves have to get in there too. So you've got nervous tissue. You've got connective tissue, so that outer fascia is what, in some muscles, if you're like a chigreene person, you have those that appearance of striations, which aren't individual cells, the cells are much, much, much, much smaller than that. The little ripples that you see is a quote unquote striation on the external surface, the muscle that's surface to the body that's just under the skin. That's just the shape of the connective tissue. Those are probably the facicles of muscle fibers, actually. So hundreds of muscle fibers that are sort of grouped together in kind of a unit. So if you look, then across section of muscle, you see a whole bunch of massive amount of fibers and they're grouped into facicles. And you've got nerves coming in there and blood vessels going throughout. And so growth hormone, this is why people like that growth doesn't make, as a turn-on protein synthesis, it doesn't really produce muscle growth, at least in people that are already fully formed adults. Because it doesn't really do, there's a little bit of research suggesting it turns on skeletal muscle protein synthesis. They've done stuff like, people can find these studies, they will feed in, like an amino acid tracer, I think you use phenolalanine in these particular studies. And they feed it in our curially and then they know what's going in and then they measure a vein coming out on the arm, on the forearm. So if you apply growth hormone and you see how much phenolalanine's coming out in and the less is coming out when you apply the growth hormone that means some of it's staying in there. Yeah, and that means synthesis is turned on because it's being incorporated into, in this case, skeletal muscle proteins, what they're assuming the phenolalanine's representative of. But generally speaking, you see the growth hormone turns on connective tissue protein synthesis. So like things in tendons, things in cartilage, for instance, so those protein fibers as opposed to act in an mice and in skeletal muscle. So that's why people like to use growth hormone for the joints, joint integrity, and that sort of thing. It's also not a really, this is sort of an aspect of growth hormone that's interesting. Is what you see too is after you train, there's just a couple studies if I recall that sort of point in this direction, but they're consistent at least, is that you get this highly variable to you get an x amount increase in protein synthesis and skeletal muscle. So let's say you turn on skeletal muscle by 100 proteins and it's by 100% after you train. Which time in that, of course you keep doing that, training session after session, and eat enough energy, then eventually you're gonna grow, connect your gonna grow skeletal muscle. So you're building up the myophibular contractile protein. Yeah, we're going right in deep, right off the morning, man. It's good, everyone needs coffee, probably. Yeah. So that's good. But what happens in terms of, of, connective tissue protein synthesis. So it's not the same extent of protein synthesis, so it's a potential for that to lag behind. And meaning that you're not gonna strengthen the fascia and the tendons and maybe not even get the strengthening the effects that happen in the cartilage and the joints to the same extent at the same relative rate as you do in increase in the muscle fibers. So this is why potentially this is an explanation, at least for what you see in guys that have grown really, really fast is that they, you get, you have an increase potentially increased risk for muscle tears. Yeah, I've always heard the, the idea that muscle strength would be a couple of weeks ahead of the strength of your connective tissue thus you don't want to go up too fast in weight. Let's say you're on a cycle like trend and anadraw. You're probably gonna, obviously we got test in that too, but test trend and adraw. You're gonna gain a lot of strength real fast and that if you're more likely, let's say you're benching 100 pound dumbbells and the next week you can do 110s and then after that you feel like you can do the 125s, you might be better off going up in smaller increments because that's the connective tissue can't handle with that muscle's able to handle. Is that, is that kind of what you're talking about here? Like this is the reasoning behind that? Yeah, yeah, so, let's part, yeah, that's definitely, so there's your, your, your, your, your, your, you tied in the nervous system. Oh, which, okay. Allows you to get stronger and much faster than the rate at which you gain muscle mass. So you might see someone who increases their strength over a year by 100% on all their lifts that they double their weight they're using when they start off as a newbie. Let's say. Maybe they, maybe they go on gear and they just curl like a motherfucker, you know? And they get strong, they're really, really strong, stronger than ever before. They're not going to gain 100%, they're not going to double their muscle mass, but they double their strength. And a lot of that is the nervous system learning how to move that weight. So you still got the same motor, you're just in terms of the muscle mass, to move the weight around, but you now you know how to, you're engaging in more. So you're redlining your motor so to speak more so than you ever could before. Because you'll learn how to do that because you're practicing it with training because you're training really hard. Yeah. So this is a more a matter of the fact that you've got the, my, acting in my instant and the muscles that are involved in the actual force production. So the myofibular proteins. And then you've got collagen and elastic and those connective tissue fibers that are the support structure that basically they're holding the muscle together. So it's kind of like the engine is the acting in my instant. It's driving the vehicle. The nervous system is the driver sitting behind the wheel. And then the frame and the wheels. And you know, all the components that literally give the car structure is the connected tissue. So it's like as you grow and in this case, at a myofibular protein, it's steroids would do this. And just training does this in general. You get this this greater relative rate of myofibular protein synthesis and connective tissue synthesis. You're adding a bigger and bigger engine. So you're putting like an engine that is, you know, looking more like it belongs in a Mustang whereas the vehicle maybe at the beginning is more like a pinto. Yeah. So you don't really have, you know, it's kind of like go back to the electric bike. What would say a fiat or a smart car for those for the, for the new generation watching. Yeah. I've got this electric bike we talked about yesterday and I told someone I was like, and it goes really, really fast. Yeah. And people imagine you're riding like this, you know, this, this, this wimpier little 10 speed with skinny little wheels. Right. That's what I'm doing. That's like that bike's not made for those speeds. Guys, scum, you're running into this. Goes 60 miles an hour. Don't tell the, any law enforcement about that. Keep it under your hands. He's got a bicycle. Go 60 miles an hour. Okay. Sorry, I just had to let that know. I'm in a aerobic machine. You're pedaling that. That's hard. It's arms stung and you've got shit on me. Right. Oh. So that's a scenario. And then you've got this, then you've got, so we're actually adding up some interesting things. So you've got the, the fact that someone gets on gear that's saying they're doing the, the anodrol and the trend situation and trends sort of renowned for like putting on strength really fast. Tell you. Yeah. This is, this is very likely a nervous system related phenomenon that's probably being, if we look at the different anodry sectors, this feels membrane, bound anodry sectors that, the ones that let you know that oh shit, I just, you know, there's super draw, I just gone into the system and I feel like an asshole. And I want to tear shit apart. Yeah. It's been like 30 minutes. That's an immediate response in the nervous system in your brain. So you've got, you've got trend in there. Anodrol has that thing, the same, the old saying you can't spell asshole without anodrol. And the role has a cognitive effect. I'll tell you what, too. I have seen the majority of people I've known to tear a pack had been taking anodrol. So I'm just gonna throw that out there. Yeah. And that's, and here's where I'm going, too. So anodrol gives you water retention, right? Okay. Yeah. And so there's a scenario you take anodrol and actually you're, you're, you're big in your full. And this is why people will kind of go for that water retention. So I just, anodrol like the day before a show, to fill out the whole system times. Yeah. If timed or just someone starts using anodrol and they start holding water. And if your lien looks good, you know, eventually you can come a water bag, you know. And then you've got glow back pain and all the, you know, that you do a set and you got light on the couch and leave for your back pain to subside before you can do it stand up again and do something else. Yeah. But you've got that water retention. So now this happens after show is, too, if someone has used dioretics or for other reasons, they just eat like a butt head and they rebound poorly and they hold a lot of water. Now you've taken the muscle cell. So imagine like the cross section of the muscle cell. And everything is fuller. The muscle gets a huge pump. So now you've stretched all that connected tissue. Yeah. So now it's under higher tension. So it's kind of like using the car analogy. Now you've loaded down like your, you're loading capacity, your payload capacity of the truck and maybe even beyond that. So you're, you know, the back ends like hanging, you know, and now you're going over bumps and you're stressing all those connected tissue structures. All right. The springs, the airbags you got in there, your axles, everything else. That's all being stressed. This connected tissue. And if you got the scenario where someone's grown really fast and their nervous system is driving the system really hard. So they're driving like crazy and they're, and they're looking heavy heavy weights. They've got a fully loaded bed of the truck. The connected tissue, which has been lagging in protein synthesis. And this is where growth hormone could actually be helpful because it does turn that on more so than the myofribeular protein synthesis. You've got this scenario where everything is pointing towards we're going to have a breakdown of the connected tissue. Yeah, it sounds like it. Yeah, like you've got an overloaded truck bed. You're driving over bumps because you lived and massively have you ate, you know, that water retention, which is the overload, you're driving like a maniac because you have no regard for what you're driving over, you're just nailing it. You're just going bonkers. So that's a scenario where someone can very easily pull muscles. And then there's also the possibility and the research is mixed here that if someone's on gear, you end up with connected tissue or at least the mechanical elastic mechanical, like non-contract on, we're not talking about like force velocity curves, things in scale of muscle, but simply how that connected tissue produces force when it's lengthened or stretched changes when someone has used gear. So whatever's going on when the ender's stuff will be binds and turns on protein synthesis in both myofribeular compartment as well as connected tissue because it does do that too. You get connected tissue that doesn't have potentially the elasticity and the same mechanical property. So it's more likely to tear. And the evidence is mixed there. You know, actually there's, and it's hard to know exactly like this is, this is animal stuff, it's hard to exactly what that really translates to in terms of really a relative risk because it is, the connected tissue, like totally brittle, it's going to just tear like very, very easily or so it doesn't have any elasticity. You know, I don't know, that sort of, that's an immaturant interpretation I think. But so that is where growth hormone, that is where collagen could come in handy. Then it's to kind of wrap back to where we started where I was saying, hey, I'm taking my collagen. Right. Right. Yeah. So that's why growth hormone, if you can balance out that relative rate of myofribeular to connect the tissue protein synthesis and growth hormone would help there, it might help beef up your suspension so to speak in your, in the muscular truck that you're driving down the road to massive gains. It makes sense. Well, we've got a good topic today as well. I mean, obviously we already, we already kind of covered it's topic. It was good. It's good. It's a nice little kick off here. Guys, I'm hanging out with Scott Stevenson. Check out B-Rome Body Building Coach. His book in the back there. I'm Scott McMalay. Of course, you're watching muscle mines here at Think Big. And we're presented by Trinutrition, who I kind of already mentioned inadvertently at the beginning of the show. Use our code to think if you're in Canada, check out supplementsource.ca. And of course, let's see, what do we got? The topic was, Scott and I were just talking on the phone yesterday as I drove back from Canada. And I was explaining to you after I pulled a whole trunk load of effort in. Yes, bringing it all back. No. I was telling Scott about something that I learned in body building that I wish I had known sooner. When I was a kid, younger, when I was younger, it was always thought that in order to grow a muscle, you needed to really just like a power shove food. You needed to push the food, push the food. And I see people doing it. And I don't think it's the most productive way, especially for newer guys. You don't have to do that to grow muscle. And in fact, what I've discovered over the years is that with people, if I can get them, I want to get them almost into a dieted state. And that's where we start out. I mean, number one, you want to be able to have low enough body fat that when we do add food in, you're not going to be obese by the end of the bulk. So there is that. Because body fat is probably going to occur if you're adding a lot of food in over a long course of time and pushing that. So being leaner does help. We get asked all the time. How lean should I be before starting a bulk or is it true that I need to be lean? I will tell you this. If I can take somebody and let's say that they're an average 15%. And we get them into a deficit. And we get them tightening up. And we can get them to the point where we start adding in some food. Maybe it's a two high days a week. Maybe we're trying to grow back in legs. And on their back day, later in the week, their leg day, we raise the carbs up, let's say. And they've been consistently dropping, dropping, say the guy started at 190 pounds. We've died at him down to like 175. And now we're adding food in a couple days a week. But guess what? Now he's 173, the following week, when we check back in. But we're eating more food. Maybe we had in a third high day. And we get to a point where you can see they're losing body fat, but they're gaining muscle. They're getting stronger. And that the food is doing so much more. And I always say that an effective cheat meals, a cheat meal that goes to the muscle. You think average people, we go to McDonald's, you get a cheeseburger, red robin, or whatever, is just another meal. It doesn't do anything. But if you take a guy who's like the extreme, let's say contest dieted. And you feed him a burger and fries and guess what? And 15 minutes later, I remember sitting at the Arnold Classic and Dorian Haywood was a couple weeks out from a show. And Dave Calick was with us and he was like, you know, he'd a burger, he'd a fries, and drink a regular coke. And 15 minutes later, I look at Dorian. Boom, everything is bigger. His veins down his entire body and he's sweating. And he looked like a different body builder. And if we can get that kind of a response to food, you know, that's the golden window for growth right there. And to be able to then just continue riding that, I find that if I can do that with somebody, they're gonna make so much more progress than just taking an average guy who has an average response to food and just feeding him more and feeding him more. And feeding him more. For a lot of people, I feel like that we're missing the boat on how to grow muscles, God. You said so much there, man. Yeah, that was like those gigantic. So I'm trying to think where is the best place to start? Yeah. One, like the power-shaving idea I mentioned this yesterday when we were chatting, is something I think that comes from, which is sort of a logical approach is to look at those who are best at body building and see what they do when they're at their biggest. And for someone like him, we mentioned J. Cutler when we were chatting. I think Chris Asido has said that J was of all of his clients, the guy who could take in the or needed the most food, especially with the peak of his offices. There's some crazy amount of carbs who's eating carbohydrates throughout the night. I think J trained late at night sometimes too. And when he's living in Vegas, he would go into one of the goals. Maybe the one on Sahara, which was where he trained that. And he trained it like two a.m or something. He did like the late cardio I remember. I asked him about that. I don't want to get a sidetracked, but he had told me I asked him in person one time. And he said the reason he did that is because he knew that his, his, the fellow competitors were watching him. And he wanted to do something that they weren't doing so that they would be afraid. Because he, they would see the reports of him doing this three a.m cardio and they'd be like, oh shit. Yeah, exactly. That's what he said. Yeah, I think the thing too in Vegas is it's so damn hot. I think a lot of people do black outs on their windows and their houses. So yeah, you can, you know, black out and sleep till noon. But yeah, he was training a lot. High volume plus his body was already like so maxed out. He was doing, he was at a place most of us will never see as far as muscle mask goes. Yeah, the absolute size that he had. I mean, he's, I mean, J. looked like a Mr. Olympia when he was like 22. You can look at some of the pictures, you know, early on, it was like he was already top 10 of the world. Just, you know, when he was barely out of his team. Yeah. So you can't, so that, but that, but still that's we see and and advertising that's what we see as the general mentality it makes sense like what are the best people in the world doing. And so the idea that I need to eat like J to look like J is something that, you know, just you connect those two dots and so people have this idea that in order to get big, there has to just go right into massive eating. And of course that doesn't, that's not necessary. And that doesn't make sense because well, first of all, you're not J cutler. Only J is. And you're not Ronnie or you're not many people are trying to do that who, once they're sort of talking about who, who kind of go astray and gain a body fat unnecessarily are the ones that don't have the genetics that what makes sense to do so. And they don't have that size yet. So that means they don't have the metabolic demand. They don't have the chloric demand to eat like that. The other thing that's, so very interesting too, there's a lot of pieces to this puzzle is that when you die it down and you reduce your body fat, you've got two things that are kind of going on simultaneously that can, that you sort of have, I think you have to consider hand in hand. So you don't make this mistake of just saying, now I just eat like a maniac. When you're die it a down and this goes back to the idea of a set point or a setting point in terms of body fat muscle mass. And there's actually some data from the Minnesota minestauration study actually where they've, where muscle mass may actually potentially play a role in this polmiostat in terms of what your, what your hunger levels do and how your body regulates body weight in body fat and I'll get to that in a second. Okay. But when you're die it down and lean, the average person. When I talk about someone who was an anorexic, some of the early data was, we're an anorexic with loss massive amounts of fat-free mass and you add calories and start regaining weight. You tend to put on more body fat than you do muscle mass without any training. So your body is very receptive to regaining those body fat stores. So it can bring itself back up to where it's got a safety margin survival-wise, so to speak in terms of body fat. So excess calories can very easily be stored as body fat. But those studies mostly, there's very little that have training involved and that's the key key piece here is that we're adding training in so that you have a demand for those extra calories. But only so much of a demand. So eating, I think we said, you know, to gain like a pound every month is like, you know, like 500 extra calories a day, something like that. Pound a muscle mass every month. Just a fuel that process. There's a re-ordical by slater where the numbers are in there and I kind of calculated a layman's way of understanding what that really means. That's a lot of calories. So you have to make sure the demand is there from the training. But when you're lean like that, you also see this effect, which has to do with insulin and vasodilation that you saw in Dave, or in a not-and-date calica, and like in his name, Dorian. And Dorian, yeah, not Divity. Dorian, when he had that meal, had the sodium and the water he filled out like right there before you very eyes. Yeah. So someone like Poe show, which is the perfect examples are super lean. And the ETHE's meals and for the first four or five days, maybe a week, they're having that effect and they're just filling out their looking really, really good. They think, ah, it's just massively putting down the all-eak-neat meals as the way to go here. Yeah. Well, they're so lean that they're able to see those visual changes, but that won't last forever. Even the treating low-low fat, you can go maybe four or five days and then the denogal life-led genesis from the carbs, we'll start to kick in. And how many people have you seen who, you know, basically, it's amazing. You can completely undo months of dieting in a matter of couple three weeks of eating like the butt hit. Yeah, I think all of us who have competed have done that at least one time, if not more, you know? Going into the show, looking shredded two weeks later, you don't even look like you did a show anymore. And it's a shame too. It's hard to stay on track after I get it, but yeah. Yeah, yeah. What's the most important thing? But you see that from those meals and that gets in your head. And I mean, that's a really cool thing to see. Like the talk about feeding your rewards center with dope beans. It's like, wow, I can get a guess meal and like, well, I'm just full and you go in the gym and everything's great. So you do that. It's kind of like using Coke or this is, I'm not trying to make say the bodybuildings like using Coke, but it's like it has a drug like a fact on feeding your rewards center to your brain because this is great stuff. Yeah. But that's not sustainable. Just like using Coke on a daily basis is probably not sustainable. Well, with people, it leads to an addictive down spiral in terms of your life. Eating like that where you're just massively power-shuffing the food isn't going to keep on having that effect that it does when you're at 5, 6, 7 percent body fat because eventually your body fat gets, goes higher. And now you've got this body fat where it's still below where you're settling point is for most people, 12 percent, 50 percent, maybe for a guy. So your body is still ready to soak up those calories and store them so you get back to a nice, even homeostatic place where it's a plenty of body fat. Now, for the next time this guy does this shit to me and tries to dive me down to, you know, or there's a famine, you know, because our bodies don't realize we have ample supply of food. I think it all goes back to like some real ancient stuff, you know. It's highly variable. Yeah, that's the thing that's so variable. One of the toughest things is that most people can really, really lean, but it's very, very difficult for some people who just have, they just have the, they have poor genetics for that. And the best example speaking that I know of from the research literature are the quote unquote Pima Indians, I've talked about them before on the show, Tahona Odom and tribe and they're locally in Arizona. So I, you know, I know, Pima County is where Tucson is where I live for a decade. So they call them the Pima Indians but Tahona Odom is the name of the tribe the way they say it. And now in modern day times, like seven or eight out of 10 have diabetes and like nine out of 10 are more bibliobiques. Because the news of this is, or those, I think mainly those have been studied living on the reservation. They're eating, they've got this Americanized food source, the standard American diet. Yep. And there's actually a poverty issue there just in general too. So there, you know, if you look demographically at people who have less money, they buy the cheapest food which tends to be the most, the tastiest and the most at a positive generating type of food. Like it's just not even food really. It's just like how to get, how to get fat 101, just eat the stuff that's the cheapest. Yeah, yeah. And these are individuals who are, from that genetic lineage where they're in the desert. So there's water is gonna be scarce but shit doesn't grow in the desert. So it's hard to grow things. There's not a lot of animals running around. Like it's hard to have enough water. So you have agriculture. There's gonna be, there's a difficulty in having food. So they're literally drought and famine is, was a real survival threat for centuries. And there was a selection process that led to the current lineage of those, the Chinese and the Chinese of those tribal members. It was too their advantage 100 years ago, two years ago, to be able to store, whenever there's food around, store that shit because there might not be food for months. And those who have that, like, those, they're called thrifty genes. Sometimes in the research literature, because there's, there are some other, they're, I want to use the German word. They like to save things. Yeah. They're thrifty, like, oh, fat, food, let's make fat. Like food, that's not fat. They're way at one end. I've never, I've never, I've never, I've never, I've never, I've never, I should've just looked when I was there to see if there's someone who may have been native, American Indian, who was from that local tribal group, who got on stage, because that would have been a hell of a journey I'm guessing if they had the average and the next for the tribe members. So have a question I can tell. Well, I just wanted to make sure I kept steering us on the right path here. I had, there was a term you used, and I wanted to bring it back up was, you said, create the idea of creating demand. And I think that's what I'm talking about by getting that dieting down process happening, being able to feed somebody food. I mean, it doesn't have to be a cheeseburger. I just use it as an example, but we could do that a high day when somebody trains back or legs, big body part that we wanna grow. And it goes where we want it to. We get this great fullness. They get these great pumps. And we can keep, I guess, the trick then is maintaining that response. That's where you really have to watch somebody because you could burn that out quick. Like you were saying, you can eat that cheap meal once. You could do it again the next day after the show. Sometime in that first couple of weeks, you're gonna turn around and not be in stage shape anymore if you keep eating that way. So I guess that's where the trick is is that it's not gonna beat. I don't know how much we're gonna need next week and based on space stuff, how you look. But I still try to keep those low days in, you know. On a day where we say we are not training, we might bring the food back. And maybe try to do things to keep that insulin sensitivity high, you know. And then exploit it on the days we want to. I found that I get about a good eight weeks out of that is about where I, my guy seem to tip out. We get about a good eight weeks of riding that wave back up. You get a lot of weight in the process, a lot of good weight. Yeah, this is the notion of nutrient timing, which is a mixed bag in the literature. Get a big ass. It's still, I think relevant, a big ass, a review article, three part, re-york, a lot of the elite FTS site with people haven't seen that. Okay. And there's some good, very well put together studies, showing an effective nutrient timing, where literally you made that demand, you've increased insulin sensitivity speaking of, and you feed the food then, when you've turned on the protein synthesis. So you're timing the nutrient intake to meet the relative demand for, and the relative stimulus that you provided with the training to turn on protein synthesis, so that as opposed to, let's say, I always use this example just sort of as a way to kind of, imagine if you just intentionally train at 80 am and eat all your food at 8 pm. Okay, so you're like, you did the opposite of nutrient timing. Oh, Bench, you should see someone do like an intermittent fasting type of study where they intentionally time the training around the, you know, within the feeding period, and then as far away from the feeding period, it's possible and see what happens by the exercise. And potentially kind of a proof of concept study to see that, you know, if you really screw up the nutrient timing, you've got an issue. So yeah, I think there's something to say for that, and basically what you're doing is, you're setting yourself up for the best amount of success, because you can only grow muscles so fast and you can, depending on the person, many people can put body fat on at almost an essentially unlimited rate. That's calories. You know, literally, you can, I mean, you can eat an extra 1,000 calories a day and you know, go back and do the numbers and you can do that for 30 days, you may have put on, what essentially is 30 pounds worth of body fat, you know, containing those, most of those extra calories, you can account for it. There's a peanut butter study that Jose Antonio did. Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media. If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software in the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at True Nutrition. True Nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now. I'm super grateful for them. And I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. You could use our code, think for health supplements and performance supplements, feel free to hit me up if you have any questions. And if you're in Canada, check out supplementssource.ca. They have free shipping over $99. Huge discounts on overstock, short dated, in label change products plus they have all your normal supplements, too. Thank you guys for listening to the commercial. I hope you're having a great day and that your body building is going well. Let's get back to the show. Been a few years back now. Were they? They had a group that was training and they had standardized diet and training and they watched the muscle growth and changes in body composition. And then they added, I can't remember how much. 300, maybe 500 calories a day, chest from peanut butter. So everything else was the same. They did the dietary recalls. It wasn't, you know, they didn't lock and do a clinic so they could watch everything. So there's some issues there with diet or recall always. But they just added extra calories from peanut butter, which is obviously just fucking delicious. These were calories that were to be extra. And there was no nutrient timing involved. I can't remember how I have to go and look to see if they were they put those relative to the training. But all of the extra calories went to body fat. No kidding. Now I'm not sure if they did training this study. I'll have to go and look and I'll have to check that out. But the main thrust of this was the extra calories from peanut butter. Despite it being just nectar of the gods for some people and like a horrible trigger food, it all went to body fat. And I've mentioned the study to people before and who would love peanut butter. I think, I'm rebounding. I need to put some weight on the extra calories. It's some peanut butter, at least from this study was just a horrible choice. It went right to body fat. And literally they could account for. Like it was almost like a 100% of the extra calories were counted for by their estimates of body composition in terms of body fat that was added in the peanut butter group. So not a good thing. So you have to be careful for that. But if you take your extra calories and let's say as carbohydrate, which is much less likely to be stored as body fat. And you're doing that like you say intermittently on certain training days. So you don't have this excess on days when there's no demand. Like you do it like back days and leg days. You're going to maintain that insulin sensitivity, which probably plays a role here. And you're taking advantage of this nutrient. So you're pairing your nutrient demand with the nutrient supply. It's coming from your diet temporarily. So everything's matched up. But then eventually you reach some point where you're adding in order to keep moving forward and growing. This is what you alluded to. Like at the eight week mark for some people. That's on how you stretch it out. You can longer than I've seen gone for months and months and months with people. Yeah, I hate how you stretch that I have. It's, I don't know, I'm just going to say, I use eight weeks as kind of just middle of the road spot where we're going to, we probably don't have to change too many facts. We don't have to work too hard to keep this going for eight weeks. I think a factor, too, is how long is somebody willing to sit in that place? There's some psychological factors to it because I do think that with this, you start creating more hunger, too, with those high days. And then you get the higher insulin levels and then lower insulin levels to follow. I think there's some psychological aspects that are maybe some eliminating factor for some people. It's very hard to reverse diet like that for many people. Yeah, yeah. I think you're doing it the way that I've, it's in my book. I've been doing this for like 20 years, basically, as a general strategy for most people, as you just add calories around the workouts and progressively increase those. So you kind of maxed out that and then targeted towards days where you're training week muscle groups. If that's part of a priority or a goal that you said. And then eventually you start to add on, but those other days you're hungry. And I actually want, and my client's going to test this, I want some hunger on those non-training days. I want them to feel a little bit ready to eat so that when they finish that training session and they're going to have a post workout meal, they're ready for it. Don't want them just suffering like complete food focused all day long. No, they can't do anything to think about the next day and have the meal that they're just day dreaming about eating. But it's a tough place to be. And this is where, this is where coaches sometimes, they're doing much better at this. I'm so glad, and this is it's in the book, here over my shoulder. I've got the post-contest period first in the book, because it's an important one. Because if you think about what are we going to do, we do the contest, you sort of reach the pinnacle, but it's like going to the top of the mountain, it's like, okay, I got enough food and supplies to get the top of the mountain, and then you're like, oh fuck, I'm at the top, how do I get down on my food? You know, or run out of everything, like you need to figure out how that's important too, because that's your chance to potentially make improvements. Absolutely. Slowly reverse diet in the way you've done with your clients. So when you get to that point, let's say, you know, four or five months later, and a really good scenario, where your food is back to, you're not having like, you're not hungry on non-trained age, you're sort of out of that post-contest period. And now your eating may be more calories than you were at that relative hunger level in the previous year, which you've got 10 pounds more muscle at the same amount of body fat, or the five pounds more muscle. You've got yourself to a better place, size wise, you made those improvements. And then you move to the off season, and if you're someone who's going for massive amounts of size, then you've made end up, oops, you may end up in a j-cultler-like situation where you're having to, like, really push the food, you know, and you're really like, it's become a short eat. And that's a different scenario, but that's months down the road. Absolutely. Yeah, and that's the trick to know that temporal context, that historical contracts of like, oh, if you try that, like right afterwards, what you eat, that's the thing so crazy, is that what you eat may be eating 10 months later would have a completely different effect on you two weeks after the show, as opposed to, you know, 10 months, like deep into your off season. In terms of your GI would be able to handle it, you'd get fat really fast, eating that food. And now you're not putting on body fat at a super rapid rate, because you've worked your way up to that, you may be regain some muscle mass. Various thing, your knee is probably different, you're moving more. So you're not defying any laws with thermodynamics, but your metabolism is changed, your activity levels of the change, your fat remaster's changed, so you're reflects that. Maybe you have the train with higher volume too, so you've got a greater epoch, the capeting post-training, so you've basically, you've got a totally different diet, you're thinking like, man, in my off season, I was eating 4,000 calories, I think there's a hop right into that, right after the show, it's like, no, don't do that. You're missing a gold knob opportunity there. And I'll toss this in now, I alluded to it earlier, and then I'll shut up for a sec. An interesting thing from this Minnesota of many starvation study, so they basically, they're familiar with this study before, I may have mentioned that. We've talked about it before, yeah. But maybe give a little bit of background, so people understand it. Yeah, this was like in the 40s, they took these volunteers, and they just basically, put them on a severely caloric restrictive diet and brought their body fat down, really, really, really low. And then they refed them and watched their body fat and they basically found that one of the major conclusions was that body fat is a major regulator of your appetite and your metabolic rate. And at one point, this is where I'm going, I'm bypassing a bunch of the earlier, kind of the main finding, because there's an interesting one at the end. So I think they sort of reverse diet, and there's no training involved here. They just restricted their food as they refed them and watched these very, watch variables as they got back somewhat close to their original body composition. And then you 16 weeks later, they got them back to their original body fat, but they weren't back to their original fat-free mass, which is represented in muscle mass. So their muscle mass was low, compared to where they were before they started the diet. And then they had, I think, give them four weeks, and they gave them a free, just a free for all, eat whatever you want, which is what coaches, okay, we got the show, pre-input, we got the show picks, we're done, you only paid me through the show, you're good, and then they just let their client just wander off into the willand of buffets and they just destroy themselves, right? Quick. So they let, and they, and you, remember, I could see the plot in my head when they did the free for all their, their caloric intake just went sky high. Yeah. And for about four weeks, it was really, really high. And what the pattern that emerged from that was that, they, free fed like that, in order to get their muscle mass back to its original state, their fat-free mass, back to its original state. So there's something about this homeostat in the body that regulates your own body fat, but also muscle mass. So these individuals, when they got done, they got, they, they died, I'm slowly to get their body fat back to where it was previously, and then they lit them free feed, and they free fed until they got their muscle mass, back to where it was previously. But what that meant was that their body fat was higher. Oh wow. So this is one of the concerns people have with yo-yo dieting, for instance, you're gonna end up losing muscle mass, and then having this sort of effect where you end up free feeding until your muscle mass goes back to where it once was, and that leaves you with more body fat and less muscle mass, or the same muscle mass. Yeah. So back to someone who's come off a dot-up post-contest diet, and they start, they start just massively feeding, you've got muscle mass, which has only come back so fast. So let's say, let's say you lost, just making, like let's make a 10 pounds of muscle, just to get the numbers easy. So you lost 10 pounds of muscle during your diet. It wasn't necessarily successful diet. If you lost some muscle mass, that you're gonna regain. You're gonna regain that so fast. It may take, let's say, two months. Okay. That's a massive rate of muscle mass gaining. So but in two months, you could put on that so that's a body fat. Yeah. So that person, if they're just kind of going by their appetite in this case, would refeed until their body fat got back to its setting, set point or settling point, it's where it wants to be. And then they would just keep on going until the muscle mass, if this phenomenon occurs and them got back to where it once was. And that could mean that their body fat is who knows where. Way past where it once was. So they had a fat, or than they were, before they started their contest diet. But where they would have been otherwise, because they didn't give themselves time, which allowed the muscle mass to come back and then hopefully exceed where it once was. So you have to keep that mind. That's the key thing here is that my muscle mass is going to have to come back as well for my appetite. It's going to take some time for that to happen. So just give it that time, feed it well on those training days with the pro-chure using, which is, I think it's just, it's kind of common sense, but it works brilliantly. I mean, you've, like you said, people are getting leaner, or so it's like literally, this is what's kind of cool. Is it, you start adding calories in people, look like they're at least getting leaner. Yeah. And their body composition is going the right direction. So relatively, they probably are. They may not be losing body fat where they're gaining muscle mass, but although that's a complete possibility. It certainly happens in the studies and in real life. It's not that the studies aren't real life. But you're ex-regaining muscle at a relative rate that's greater than the body fat, and you are technically getting leaner from a percentage standpoint. Yeah, so you'll look at, you'll see it, like what you've seen in your, in your, in your check-in pictures. So yeah, it's a very fascinating phenomenon. It's, it's just a hard thing, psychologically, to wrap your mind around. It's like, we're not done yet. And there's no dangling carrot waiting for you necessarily, unless you've done this and seen it happen, like, oh, like, I want to be assessed by the judges in 10 weeks, how well I did my rebound. It's like, not, you're gonna just have to do this and have you have a coach that supports you or maybe you have Instagram pictures to kind of keep you accountable. Something like that that is akin to the motivating force that the contest once had. I think is nice to employ psychologically to say, I'm not just out in no man's land, like battling the same dietary battle against hunger on a routine basis throughout the week. And I did nothing to show for it. I'm just like, oh, this diverse dieting is just sucks. And I'm getting fatter and it's like, not that great. It's like, no, you're doing the right thing. So having some way to track that, present that, be accountable for that, or make that akin to whatever drove you during the pre-contest period to get leaner, so that you have a good adherence, I think, makes sense. Because that's, that's the hardest part. That's hard. You know, for a lot of it, that's harder than the diet. Absolutely, it is. Because you don't have that tangible, concrete date that's now looming ahead of you. And I think it's difficult, too, for people, people that come to me and that they say, hey, I want to put on muscle. And I say, okay, and then we pull the food down and put them into a deficit, it's like, it does take some patience to get to that spot. But if you've just been eating like whatever you want and you're not gaining or losing, if we just start adding food in your 15% body fat, I can guarantee you that over time that body fat's probably gonna go up more. If we get you to that place where you, the term you use is created demand. I wrote that down here, create a demand, then you're gonna be on a much better place to be able to really utilize those nutrients. And you feel it, you know? But it does take delaying that gratification, you know? It takes delaying that gratification to see like, what's gonna happen with that, the bigger picture. But hey, look at this way, you know? You're gonna be hopefully alive a year from now. And especially for guys that have tried to grow and try to grow, and maybe they haven't made the best progress. Maybe trying to first get the body fat off, get that yourself in that position where you can add a high day in. Maybe you could try something different this year around. And you know, see where you're at, you know, in six months from now. I think it'd be a good challenge for people. Yeah, folks are just gonna be gonna talk with this. I think there's a psychological boundary that people get to. When your body fat gets too high, you're just sort of physiologically, it's gonna resist. You going higher, appetite, your GI, tell you all this things, and then it's like, a lot of things like, I just, I don't wanna look like a big round, you know? And not, that's like sloppy powerlifter. I wanna look like a bodybuilder, you know? That's the other, I think, aspect that can be helpful is that, you know, the versus the power-shaving food, what we're talking about here is, and initially I said it can be a difficult part. You increase the hunger, you know, you've got to deal with that hunger. So that can be difficult to do for months after a month, after a month, but at the same time, I do think that being able to maintain hunger while you are trying to grow muscle is important. I never thought about the importance or the value of keeping your appetite high. I just, in the past, when I was young, younger, and trying to grow, I just thought, you just got to eat. I don't wanna eat, but I got to eat, you just do it. There were times that you just like, I would chew, chew, chew, throw water in my mouth from my gallon jug, swallow, and repeat until the bowl was empty, you know? But nowadays I try to keep people hungry or to the point where, you know, they're wanting to eat that next meal. There's stomach feels empty, you know? Yeah, and I'll toss this in there too, because, I mean, in this bodybuilding, competitive bodybuilding isn't as we know from events of late, bodybuilding is not the most, it's always sort of no, we're also doing it. It's not the most healthy endeavor. Sure. And trying to push your bodyweight and your muscle mass and everything, you know, to its genetic limit, so to speak, is not the healthiest endeavor. So, there can for some people be situations where the food is a struggle, like putting down the food, like that happens a lot. Like, during the Chuchu Chu, you know, you got no salvation, because your body doesn't want this, and you're having to use water to bring the food down. The point where that would make sense is if someone is, and this is, I've got this in the book too, it's all sort of in one of the earlier chapters, because you're paying attention to all your markers of muscle growth. So maybe I always suggest people kind of do a dexif, they can, and then correlate that, produce an algorithm or a regression equation with skin folds that they can sort of get an estimate of their muscle mass. So, you realize that, you know, I want to get to this muscle mass, because this is what I need to have. I'm going to step on stage of the weight that I want to be at, the top of my weight class, at 4,5% body fat. That means I need to have x amount of muscle mass. Currently where I am, I'm 5 pound shy of that. So I'm going to have to eat to 10 pounds body weight beyond where I currently am, in order to get that muscle mass, because I'm probably, and there's a possibility someone gets their, if the EEDs are involved, they may put that muscle mass on during the prep. Unless they have a history of doing that, or they've, you know, they're going to use PEDs for the first time during your prep that's not something you can probably account on. So generally, getting the purpose of the off season is to get that muscle mass. So you may end up in a situation like, okay, I'm 5 pound shy. I'm paying attention to my body fat, I'm paying attention to my muscle mass, I'm getting stronger and making progress. The food is not going down easy, but I'm struggling with it. I'm doing some of those things, and I'm taking upon myself the fact that this is not the healthiest thing that necessarily do to push my body, because it doesn't want to do this. And but I'm still making progress. I'm still going the right direction. As opposed to blindly saying, no, man, just fucking hardcore, just knuckle down eat that shit and just go. And you just end up like, and you interviewed people, like you've heard this story some times where people just pushed, I just want to weigh 300, you know, or just in the one-to-weight, you said you could just put it in the scale. They're looking at anything. And literally they're just putting on body fat, and they're just pissing in the wind. And they're doing themselves a disservice, creating massive amounts of information, probably like literally they're not helping their body out. Maybe of impeding recovery, getting to the point where the body fat's so high, they can't train the way they want to. So their training stimulus is going down. They're basically reached, and gone past the point of diminishing returns, or maybe even could go, be on it going backwards. So they start over training over reaching more easily. So that's not when you want to be, you know, like saying, now it's time to power shut even harder. It's just the fact that it may make sense for some people to push the food in a way they haven't, but you need to know that you're doing that with some positive benefit coming from it, not when you're not just blindly pushing it into the unknown. And that's where, you know, monitoring what's going on makes sense. So, and that's where, you know, a seat was looking at people, like he's got this, you know, magical genius eye. He's looking at Jay and he's like, you know, add 50 grams of rice to your six to meal, or what have you and like he does that, and he sees the difference three days later. He does that, you know? Yes. So, a seat was assessing those things, and he's got Jay putting that food down, or named the body builder who's had eat a lot of food. They know that that's working, that's going in the right direction, things are, it's a productive effort. Yeah. But just mimicking the effort without knowing that you're getting the same productivity, doesn't, isn't the way to go about it, unless you just want to give his fat as possible, which I don't think most people do. All right. That's a whole other endeavor. Yeah, no kidding. Yeah. So, I had one more thing. I had a question that Matt Levins sent us. This was over on Patreon, and he says, and by the way, shout out to everybody who's watching live today. We had, let me say, we had a few people who were tuning in, Steve tuned it for the first time. So, what's up, man? And Andrew Nolan's with us. Steve Parker asked, why do I crave peanut butter now? And Danny Vance could relate to the getting fat part that we had talked about. But yeah, so Matt had this topic that he wanted to ask you. He says, question for Scott Stephenson. Have you heard of too many injectable antibiotics causing stomach issues such as nausea? And then he speculates. He says, like maybe too much nitrogen retention, I know too much is a very person, is very person dependent. So, basically injectables in digestion. I know I've seen my share issues that were related with those factors, but that you might have some science on what we might be seeing with this. Yeah. First, we'll go into the nitrogen retention thing because he's tossed that in. So, people use it as a fancy scientific term. But what that means, that term comes from a way to assess to what extent the body is incorporated protein. Proteins about 16% nitrogen. And it's not very, it's interesting enough for sort of mysterious reasons. It's not a very quantitative way of assessing and predicting body composition changes. So, what you can do is measure the nitrogen in from the protein that's going in. So, your nitrogen that comes into the body comes from protein, it's about 16% nitrogen by weight. So, you eat a 100 grams of protein to get 16 grams of nitrogen. And then you can measure the nitrogen that's lost by the body. So, that would be in the feces. That would be in the urine. Your reas of big source of that. That's a big way in which you lose nitrogen. That would be in then body tissues that are sluffed off some of it in the feces. Skin, hair, nails, and then nitrogen that's lost in your sweat. And like in the original studies, they usually estimate some of those other things based on the, usually just measure urine and they estimate the others as some percentage of what you see in the urine. But so, that's nitrogen loss. So, someone's taking in, let's say, 32 grams of protein, 32 grams of nitrogen per day. And so, that's nitrogen in and nitrogen out, collected from all those sources is 16 grams. So, that's equivalent to 100 grams of protein lost. That would mean a positive nitrogen balance, 16 grams or equivalent to 100 grams of protein. So, the idea would be there that someone is accumulated in 100 grams of protein in the body per day. And if you're in the weight training situation, you presume you've created the demand for protein synthesis and skeletal muscle. So, that protein is going to skeletal muscle mass. The thing is that the nitrogen balance studies don't predict that you're gonna get the muscle mass changes in the body, that doesn't pan out that way. There's a particular kind of cool study with the Mark Carnipolsky the years ago where they had graded levels of protein intake with people who are resistance training. And they saw this positive nitrogen balance with the higher intake of protein. And it was a, maybe 12 weeks study, I can't remember, the time. And the highest protein group had this awesome positive nitrogen balance. And I don't even think they addressed this in the discussion if I recall, but I'm like, let's cool. So, I went, like, look, took the number and I'm like, so what's that mean in terms of what should happen muscle mass-wise? As muscles roughly one quarter protein three quarters water, they should have put on like 12 pounds of muscle mass, which would have shown up in the body comp, nothing. So, the nitrogen balance things that's used in Starveate is used in various studies and it's an old school method that was used to evaluate protein needs, protein recommendations, all of a lot, but it doesn't really pan out in terms of body comp, because it's some changes unfortunately. Okay. So, that's what people say when they need nitrogen balance. It's not that the nitrogen's getting like caught up in your GI tract, you know, like, all this, the other nitrogen sludge, you know, this, you know, concentration, or cognitive diarrhea, or something like that. The nitrogen balance idea is just that the nitrogen's being is a representative of protein that's retained in the body and we'd hope it be muscle mass in our case. Okay. So, the thing there is that although they're not sort of renowned for this, gear has to be detoxified by the body and the liver is our main organ to be toxication. So, just like with the Orals, you can cause liver hepatic stress. And you do that, you've delivers one of your organs of the gastrointestinal system. So, you can, you can end up causing, you know, colostasis, which would give you, like, potentially fat, malabsorption issues and other liver stress, which you'd see typically in the liver enzymes of your blood work, GTT, ALT, ST, and this goes beyond just the Orals you're saying, correct? Yeah, I mean, you can clear percent. Much more, yeah, yeah, you can use much more, but there's, like you said, you said it right off the bat there's variability as to how well people tolerate those things. So, and there's a possibility too, like there's difference, we've gone to this before on the show. I think we had a whole show, we kind of dedicated to liver detoxification, a huge component. So, I've covered it before, but there's P450 enzymes that are involved with the detoxification process and, you know, we know some of them that are used, and it's, but it's not clearly delinited, at least that I could find, which ones specifically are responsible for each specific steroid, steroids have different structures. So, there's a possibility, for instance, let's say, someone, let's say someone's doing a cycle where they've got some liver stress from Annivar, not thinking it's gonna be much, and they're doing test, and then they add Deca, and they had no issues with their GI, and they add Deca on top of their test, Annivar stack. And now, the Deca and the Annivar together create liver stress that neither of those would have individually, because they end up overloading the P450 enzyme that's responsible for both of them, or there's a synergistic effect that amplifies the toxicity, and the apatotoxicity that the Annivar was bringing about. Or simply that they sort of get past their threshold for toxicity from the injectables, because of the amount of doses they're using. You go to three or four grams, that's a lot of gear. Yeah. Yeah. I saw years ago, someone had estimated from, and I wish I could find this again, took the sort of the rough estimate from values and rats, or mice as a rodents, at least, that were given injectables. That showed that up to like a grams worth of testosterone in humans, the relative dose, relative eyes based on body surface area, and not just for kilogram. Was something that at least rodents could handle, the humans could handle a gram of testosterone per day, or something like that, without apatotox stress, based on a rodent study, using the equivalent dose for extra number of weeks. So you can handle a lot, according to that study, that's the closest thing I've ever seen to someone trying to look at like a dose response in terms of toxicity and injectables. We know that you try to do a gram of anodrol, or a gram of superdol, or whatever, like one day, you're not a happy camper. Because the methylation there was designed to make that difficult on the liver, that's the whole point of the modifications, is that the liver can handle them very well. The benefit is that you have a steroid that is orally available, the negatives that you have a steroid that's patotoxic. I think a factor could be too, is maybe not the steroids at all, but like when we had vigorous Steve on the show, and he was talking about, yeah, solvents and inflammation that stuff could cause. Yep, absolutely. And then he can look back on that, or Steve's got a whole, she's got two podcasts, I think, or two videos on YouTube where he covers that. Yeah. He's even an article on his website. We have one more big team up, and this is gonna be, this is one of those moments where we're like, you know who we should ask? We should ask God's Stevens and Scott would know. It's come up more than once on Blood Sweat and Gear, skip, you know, this gives Ben around forever, and he's figured shit out by applying it in real life. But that doesn't necessarily always answer questions from a scientific perspective, and sometimes that's what we wanna hear on podcasts. You know, as listeners, I'm not even sure. So, this is the question. He said, ask you, ask him about what happens to the oil after it's injected, if it's metabolized or what? So, skip was thinking, if you put that oil in your body, you know, you gotta think. So, a tablespoon of olive oil is about 15 grams of fat, right? So, I mean, how many grams of fat are we injecting? And then, skip's question is, is that being metabolized just like an orally consumed fat, if there's a guy running two grams a gear, is he getting, you know, an extra 100 grams of fat per day and his diet? So, all right, so two, that's just, just do the rough numbers. Two grams a gear, he's doing, let's say he's doing 200 milligrams for a meal. Okay. All right, so he's doing 10 mills, which is about 10 grams. Roughly, I mean, 0.9 grams for a meal is which is what the density of fat is. And if we're not even looking at, you know, if it's 200 milligrams for a meal, it's actually 0.8 grams of, and then we have the BA, we have the solvent, we have all the other added it. So, we're, we're actually, it's much less, let's just make it 10 grams a week. Okay. That's someone doing two grams. It's actually probably more like six, if you do the numbers. That's, what is it? Six times nine, you know? Six grams of fat, times nine calories per gram. Was that so? Sixty, three? That's 63 grams. It's six, six, six, three calories. That's, that's nothing. So, we're talking about 100 calories a week. Okay. From, from the actual. So, it's not that much oil, then, is really what it comes down to. Yeah. I mean, yeah, if you're doing, if you're doing three C Cs a day, right? How many milliliters are in, how many milliliters would be in a tablespoon? That's what I, I wonder. 12, 12, 15. Oh, shit. I didn't realize it was that much. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, one, one milliliter, gram, the density of water is one gram per milliter. It's 12 degrees Celsius or whatever it is. Fat is 0.9 grams per mill. So, three mills, if we presume that, like, if you just injected pure fat, there was no gear in there, which is, you know, 200 milligrams per mill or 0.2 grams per mill. Okay. So, this, that leads, you know, 0.8 grams of other stuff. And you got, let's say 20 percent, benzal benzoyed and 5 percent, benzolacol, it's 25 percent. So, that's actually, that accounts for 45 percent of what's in there. The other 55 percent is your carrier oil. Okay. So, in each mill, you've got 550 milligrams, or a little more than a half of that, is carrier oil. So, a three, C, or three mill injectable has three times 0.55, 1.65 grams of fat. So, that's 0.65 times 9, whatever that is. You know, 15 calories per day. Okay. Times. Times seven days, you know. Not a lot, but is that, is that processed as fat would be that you ate, you know, early? Yeah. Yeah. It'll, I mean, it's going to, it's going to just slowly leak out, dissolve out from the depot where it's been injected. Okay. And then up in the bloodstream, you know, and, you know, it'll end up being metabolized as fats that would end up in the bloodstream, just like you eat a fatty meal. You can measure blood triglycerides, or it'll be taken into the lymphatic system of metabolizes fats would be. So, okay. Yeah, it'll just be, but, but it's, it's pretty minimal, you know. It's not a whole lot like, like, that's, that's, that's, that's almost like, you're digging into that peanut butter, you know, and you get a little bit of, you know, little fat, like a little, like, you're sloppin' it so fast and get the money in it and you just stick it in your mouth. Like, yeah. That's, that's the 1.5 grams of fat. Right. Yeah. That much. It's very, very little. So, so not much. Yeah, it's a good question. But it does absorb, okay. We weren't sure. We had, we had somebody, of course, somebody came on YouTube and was like, that is ridiculous. The fat do not absorb if you inject them. This, this, and this happens. Somebody had the answer and said, no, you're wrong. Of course, you know, the... Where did he spend it go? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't remember. Did he just, you know, was just one of those things sort of like, yeah. No, this was like months ago. It's been an ongoing, like, often on conversation. I just wasn't on conversation again. Yeah, recently. So, yeah. Yeah. We're glad that we finally know, though. At the end of the day, it's not very relevant to our gains or losses either. I mean, you can get, like, if someone gets like a sterile abscess or an abscess, like, you know, where they literally have, uh, welcome. Where they literally have any capsolation of the depot, because you get some information, which could be a function that, that carry oil, or the solvent. Then you can have a situation. There's, there's some gruesome ultrasound pictures and pictures of, of, of, of, of, of, medical in case studies of people with abscesses, body loads of abscesses where they've had that, and the guys who do synth all do the, the, the, um, SEOs, you know, that, that have the severe body dysmorphia that just their arms or, you know, 30 inches. Yeah. And you see eventually they get to the point where they have to have that shit cut out. But they have situation where the SEO just stays there. Mm-hm. So the body's like, this is a foreign body. Yep. And I think that is what, you know, potentially could happen with some of those more inflammatory inflammation producing, um, carry oils that we talked about in the podcast with Steve, and that those get injected in those cause pain, which is indicative of something. You got inflammation going on in that area. And the body is going to do, it's going to, it's going to, it's going to try to do something to, to sort of ward that off. And that's when you get in a encapsulation situation where you've got, you know, literally connect the tissue scar tissue in up with a, you can end up with, um, and there's pictures that people could just put in, I think they can probably go to Google Scholar Scholar Scholar.google.com and put in sterile abscess bodybuilder and probably find some of these case studies. And there's, there's one like it was like, I remember seeing the cross section in the glute and you see the glute tissue as it normally would look me who's in MRI and they're like, there's little, these little pockets of like sterile abscesses where they were, you know, injections that had just, there's just state and those stayed there. Yeah. Those little pockets of fact that were there that, you know, that were, I think probably very painful and those need to be drained, you know, or excised cut out. Yeah. So, but yeah, otherwise it just, and it's a slow process. That's like, you know, with the cast royal that's so thick, right? It stays there for a long time. I could imagine. But eventually it'll just be about, you know, so it's got such specific gravity and so dense. All right. Listen, let's wrap this thing up. Scott is good to be back. And, you know, like I said before, you know, the earlier in the show, check out Scott's book. So, over who's shoulder there, they're Scott Scott and Scott. This is, you're set up currently as kind of trippy because that picture of you in the background is almost as big as the, like, it's very, like, like, there's a one to one almost going on there. And then there's little Scott, first trip Scott on the cover is book, be your own body building code. Yeah. You can go to bbyobcoach.com to pick that up. You could also go over to, just Amazon, check that out, get the hard cover there, go to our sponsors, www.trust.com. Yep. Barnes and Noble as well. Nutrition.com user code think for some great savings and high quality supplements and supplements source.ca for your Canadians out there. Scott, it's been a pleasure as always, my friend. Likewise, this is her.