What's up guys, welcome back to Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNally. All of our programming is brought to you by TruNutrition.com. You can use our code devices for some additional savings. And of course that helps to support our programming. Check them out for all sorts of high quality performance supplements, health supplements, even things like a whole food, multi-vitamin. You can get that stuff through TruNutrition. Scott Stevenson. We're back with part two. Now is this episode 101 or is it episode 102? I don't know. It's 100.B. Point B. Okay. And we're going to talk about body building science. You should know the nutrition edition. Is that correct? Yeah. And the nutritionist gigantic and talk about protein and batches of million different topics. I just picked some interesting stuff that are sort of in my wheelhouse that is I can ask about a lot that he even talks about. So it's just sort of like things that kind of occur to you like, what's good stuff to know? What would be a nice thing to be aware of? Can I, I don't want to spoil anything, but will there be talk about cereal? We can talk about cereal all day long. Do you want to take me off on a cereal tangent or anyone who's watching what we're just do cereal? I'll just ask you like the next hour. What is better oatmeal or cereal? And then after you answer that, I'll be like, real. What is better steak or cereal? cereal. Okay. What is not? Just go out and out. I'm going to say cereal whenever you just start the question. It's always cereal. The answer will always forever be cereal. Yeah. Yes. So actually one of the slides we're going to get to near the end is from that cereal gauge nation post that's on Instagram. Okay. Folks can go this. It's a second from last one that I put up because I still get quite. It's funny. I get so many questions about which is better as this is why you're starting to say that. And then I get questions. So what's this cereal gauge nation thing about? I'm like, check the post. Okay. I didn't look. You know, so it's nice to have put together the whole post, but still then the questions about. It's like you can't, there's no way you can have a complete and encapsulating answer that will answer all questions about something that seems like an Instagram because either they won't read it, which is okay. Then they could go read it, which is great. Which is why I wrote the post or there always be something. There's always, anytime you open the can, the worms will come out infinitely. It's like a hydrant. You cut off one worm and another worm pops out of the can. You know? Yeah. It's hilarious. Well, we appreciate your patience with us going over. Because listen, at the same time, I'll say this. Anytime you're teaching, like I think that repetition helps me learn. You've said a lot of the same things. A lot of times over the past five years since we've started this podcast. And some of it finally started sinking in. So, you know, there is that aspect. So I appreciate your patience with me and everyone else. I just did a podcast a couple days ago and people say, oh, you're so smart. And all this sort of thing. It's like, I'm curious. Yeah. And I forget, it should a lot. But I just am so curious that I keep looking up again. So, then I sort of stay ahead of the way of my amnesia. My dementia, some people might call it, by continuing to repeatedly look up the information, remind myself of what I want to do. So, with some people says, well, he's forgotten more than you know, it's possible. Because I forgot as much as I know. So that's almost true for me, except I barely kept ahead of the game. So repetition, absolutely. That's the thing is, it sounds nice when you can just rattle off a bunch of stuff. But that's only because I forgot in those things probably 10 times, then just remind myself 11. Yeah, man, I can see that. I realized I forgot and like some whole concepts that Victoria helped me understand after having been sick. Like it was just like gone. And I completely needed a refresher, like go back to square one. You know what? I just really remembered this. One of our listeners, because we do get this from time to time. Somebody commented on YouTube, oh my gosh, you guys are too smart for me. This is like your way above my level. I'm going to tell you what. I feel the same way as that listener does. But what I've learned is that when we get into some more complex ideas on the show, which I think we have, you know, that's kind of what this show is, I don't always get it all the time. But I did through, I continue listening. And by the end, some of the pieces come together. And it doesn't mean you can't go back and listen again. Or continue listening to the show, because Scott will talk about those same concepts again down the road. And you'll hear it in a slightly different way. But I think the key is, is just being open-minded and continuing to listen. Don't shut it off. You gotta see it through. And you may not get it all, but you will get more of the pieces than you had going in. That's the way that I've looked at it at least. Yeah, I like that perspective. It's interesting that if you look at Facebook, social media, discussion boards, everyone likes to find their biases being confirmed somewhere in what other people have to say. So sometimes you'll hear people they're talking about, meaning the topic, and birds with feather will flock together so that they can, they can reify their own beliefs or their own thoughts, sure, or their own arguments. I said, like to hear that. So some podcasts will go. And you know, you listen to someone who is quote unquote at your level, who's saying things, you almost know, you know, 99 of 100 things that are said they're already. And that feels great to have pretty solid. You know, they're confirming for me what I already know. But that doesn't necessarily make you better. So let's use the the knowledge that I think everyone listening will get. It's like you can bench press 135 pounds for 10 reps. And you just keep going in the gym to confirm that you can bench press 135 for 10 reps. It feels great, you know, I know I got this, but you're not going to get any stronger doing that. Yeah. There was, there was a guy with the shoe mine. He was a guy went to high school with Play football with. And he was strongest guy on the team. I think or had the best bench. And he was big genetically gifted. But he just didn't have, it just didn't like to work out really. He liked to play, but he lost season of like, so he would just, he come into the gym. And he walked in, everyone was really impressed with how strong he was. And he would just do a little bit of warm up and then max out, just to confirm that he can, you know, do five on the bench. Look at that. And then he would leave. That's all he would ever do. He could have gone. It was really, I mean, amazing. Like even then I caught onto like, you know, he's not getting any better. He's still better than everyone else pretty much, at least on the bench press. So hopefully this, the podcast does, does something to help people improve. And I intentionally teach in that way, using the medical terminology that sometimes people aren't familiar with, because that's what they'll see. If they go on the, the read the research, or they read, you know, other people who are posting it a really high scientific level, and try to bring it back. But I try to like push like a good trainer would, like you try to get people to exceed their current ability level. They're what they perceive it to be. And that's how you get better. That's kind of why I knowingly don't intentionally try to dust anybody, but like, you know, speaking with these half-alooton terms. But I do like to try to raise everyone a little bit if it all possible. And I thought I'm doing that for everyone. There's plenty of people understand everything I'm saying. And then there's somewhere maybe like, oh shit, you know, I got like 2% of that. But that 2% maybe 2% you would have gotten anywhere else. So that makes me happy. Exactly. That's the kick. Exactly. So where do we start today, Scott? We'll start with the beginning with the slide one that opening slide just so people know. This is part two. Look how fancy that is. Looks cool. OK. Yeah. So again, this is just sort of nutrition stuff. I just, in fact, I'm going to say this term, people will want to call me in this. I'm going to head them off the pass that this is somewhat of a cherry-picked number of studies, at least the initial ones. But think back before I've been getting into these studies, that we saw in the previous and part one, the actual 100th episode, the Domus at All Studies where individuals were training one leg five times a week, three sets of nine to 12, we're roughly 10 reps. Versus two or three times. And on average, there was no difference in those conditions. They'd make a difference. Until they look at the individuals, you will see the same thing in studies as well. Some studies will show one thing, some studies will show something else. So from a scientist who's trying to predict the future in subjects who've been sampled from a population of resistance trained individuals or the population could be untrained individuals or could be men over the age of 35, or whatever it might be, you want to be able to from the previous research in fur that you're going to find certain kind of findings in the next study you might do, or if you pick someone from that population. So if you're a male between the ages of 20 and 35 with six months of resistance training and roughly, we're less than three, let's say, which studies might have been done with, you can have a good shot at predicting that they're going to do what you found on average occurred in the study, which might be nothing. But nobody's, nobody, there's no average person. So to speak, everyone's a little different. So what I think, and one of the ways that I think science can inform us is one from those averages, that's the way we normally think about things. What can you predict with reasonable accuracy, what's predictable, so to speak, from the research, is what's also possible. What we're trying to do with bodybuilding is exceed what we sense is maybe possible. It's do something extraordinary. So if you want to be an extraordinary entrepreneur, a business person, a medical researcher, a teacher, you don't want to be average. You want to be better than average. You want to look to those individuals who are outliers, those individuals who are the black swans is the term that sometimes use for those, people who are innovators, who are the early adopters, the ones who sort of are a little bit different, and that demonstrate that a certain thing is possible. So what I've done is at the beginning here is cherry picked some of my favorite studies, not just because of the ones that confirm what I've seen personally with clients and myself, but also because they're reasonably well done studies, actually. They're well controlled, and I'll talk about a little bit as we go through. So let's switch to the next slide. And that's the last slide. Oh, great. I started things out. I thought I had it going, Scott. I thought I, yeah, maybe I have it in the wrong orders. And they were ordered in that, let me take older ice cream. Yeah, let me take a look here. But sometimes it puts, yeah, that's weird. Sometimes the order things differently like that. So we look at for the one that says body building science worth knowing part two. What is? We just had that one, nutrition. This next one has, yeah, it says at the top as well. And it's loaded with text, like just a boat loaded text, which is kind of intentional. Is this it? Yes, that's the one. So I guess Scott will only see one of the change slides we'll have to do. We're going to have to do a little dance every time to figure out the order because I didn't get them right. They're proper order apparently, but we got them on. That's all good. Yeah, cool. So this is the nutrient time that's perfect. Yeah, we can move around a little bit. So this is the nutrient timing topic that is banter back and forth. And first and foremost, the thing about nutrient timing is simply to make sure the nutrients is very, so you can time it, you can have nutrient timing at bed. You can have them in the morning. The car backloading thing. People call out every once in a while. You can have timing that's around the workout. What I call Perry workout recovery supplementation. This is where I'm going here with this next set of slides. And it's interesting because there's the quivocal findings if you look at the literature. And some of these quotes are actually from a series of articles, three part series that I did on nutrient timing. We're lead FTS. Oh, can find that. So the interesting thing is that if you look at some of the literature and look at some of the reviews, you'll see an opinion that it doesn't matter so much. But if you look in the upper part of the slide there, people may have to pause or zoom in to see this, what I've got in red highlighted there, kind of illustrates the main point is that it's actually very common. If someone says, well, the research shows that there's no point in having nutrient timing around your workout. Look at the actual literature. Look at what people are actually doing. If you read the method section, you'll find very common things like what is in the upper left. This is a study from 2012. This is from Stu Phillips Lab. Mitchell was the first author. It's Stu Phillips. I'm going to tie this together later. It was actually mentored in part, worked with a guy in Kevin Tipton, who did a ton of the early and is still active, I think that some degree, the early muscle protein, synthesis research, the protein requirements during a resistance exercise. So he's a big dude in the protein world that comes to training. This is a study out of Stu Phillips Lab. And this is just from their methods section. They made sure their subjects had a meal before, 480 calories, two hours before the training session. And I didn't put it in highlight there. But if you look about the middle that bottom of that block of text, they had them take right after training, a power bar, protein plus bar. So they ensured pre and post exercise training. That was part of their study. That wasn't something they were studying in this particular study. This was actually a heavy load, versus light load study that I'm referring to. They're I can get the reference. Anyone who wants them? That's just what they did in the methods section. Because they think that it's important. Or maybe even more importantly, and this is the thing that kind of goes back to is, is it going to harm you in some way? So if it might work, and there's no negatives necessarily, and the big one with resistance training with food in your stomach could be that you don't train us hard, you get sick or what have you, then use it. So some people want to be kind of research notchies and say, well, the literature of this meta-analysis or what have you says, it doesn't work. It's like, well, might it work for somebody? The chances are from a practical significance. In one of those studies or some of those studies, there was at least one person for whom it worked. Could have been a pure placebo effect. But if that works for you, and there's no negatives that you know of, or there've been documented, then why not? If you have the money, if it's a fine, this is sort of a luxury hobby, so to speak, go for it. So the next one and out for myself, I'll have to look closer. So in the upper right, there's a, in the white text, their white background text with a red, this is from a study that Brad Schunfield did. Same topic, actually, heavy and light load training. I just kind of picked those and went and dug in and it litriture because I've read those studies a little bit. And this is to facilitate recovery. So I should have provided a supplement on training days, containing 24 grams of protein, 1 gram of carbohydrate. It was a hydrolyzed way protein isolate. So what they called it there, I still 100. So this was two years. So I presume this data was collected after, they put this together. This is two years after the publication of this well-known, we was really kind of controversial, reviewerical that Brad and Alan Ergon did on protein timing around the workout. So just seeing that on average, there's no effect. It doesn't really matter. You need to get as much protein as you can. So they write that review. That's the bottom line evidence from the available studies at that time. And then your later probably Brad starts his study. And they still include that protein, most workout. Just to make sure, because it's not gonna hurt. They've already done the training. They put the protein in, you're good to go. So on the bottom left there, you can see this is from a article that was published in 2012, looking at the same idea. I've tried to bold it some of the bottom line quotes that I pulled from that article. They said, they believe it's larger irrelevant whether the feed is given pre-during or post-exercise. New treatments, submissions you have enough per se, rather than timing them take is more important. And I would agree with that definitely. But they really sit and have a time he doesn't matter so much in that article. In addition, the addition of carbohydrate to protein affords no greater anabolic effects on protein turnover. That's probably technically true. Maybe at least who knows. Actually, I don't think it is. That's given what I'll show you later on in all cases. But that was their conclusion. So they're focusing there on essential amino acids as the primary macro nutrients required optimized antibody responses on protein turnover to exercise. So if you could slide our pictures over to the lower left. So this is this. That was in 2012. The Dillis literature had already been put together five years later than international site as Fort Nutrition puts together a position stand on nutrient timing. Pre-exercise and gesture of essential amino acids are protein alone increases muscle protein synthesis. It's been shown to produce as intermediate and greater levels of muscle protein synthesis. The addition of carbohydrate at all time points especially post-exercise is well tolerated and make promote greater restoration of muscle glycogen. They're focusing on the possibility of carbohydrate being important. Ingesting carbohydrate alone or in combination with protein during the exercise increases muscle glycogen stores, offsets muscle damage, and facilitates greater training adaptations after acute and prolonged periods of resistance training. So they're like throwing the carbs, throwing the protein. So there's lots of bearing opinions. Some of it depends on how you interpret the research, how you weigh it. And whether you sort of have, I think that perspective of, if we see evidence that it can work, that means it can work. Does it mean it works for everyone? Absolutely not. Does it mean it may even work on average? Perhaps not. Again, think back to that Domus-edal study. Five versus two to three times per week on the different legs. On average, did it matter? No. But for those guys, you grew much better on one versus the other training regime, which is about one-third of, you're going in either direction, heckediat matter. So two-thirds of those individuals found a difference between five times versus two or three times a week. That's the majority of individuals. But on average, using the means from the original study, they published with those data, it didn't matter. So for two out of three people, it matters. What an average, it doesn't matter. So rapid, not going around that. Second. Right? That makes, that's kind of difficult. So that's why I really think looking at the individual studies is see what's possible. Makes the most sense. So let's go to some of this. I'll try to move more quickly here. The next one is, says, do carbs help quote cherry-pip studies? There we go. Boom, got it. Good man. All right, let's see. Yeah, that's cool. So this will publish a long while ago. Very cool set of studies. The tar pennings have been involved with some of this other literature that I'll talk about too. I think this is what's from a dissertation that was done. And with recreational trained individuals, they gave them about 50 grams of carbs from Gatorade. And they're in the workout. What that did, elevated insulin, and reduced cortisol. So cortisol, sorry, it's raining here in my little suitcase shuddering from the funder. She's very scared. Yeah, I don't care a little, Roo. So if my arms moving around, that's because I'm patting on my little baby doll. I would not, it was the world. I would be shocked if you didn't have a dog next to you. If not three dogs. You know, they're all here. They're all three are here for sure. So carbohydrates will tend to reduce cortisol. What cortisol is doing in part is making sure that there's glucose availability. So if you provide the glucose in the blood, you suppress the cortisol. Cortisol is a steroid hormone. Sterids have long lasting effects when they go in. And they bind to their nuclear receptors as they're known in the cell. They're effects will last for hours after the workout. That's when you're growing is after the work, you don't grow on the gym, you go afterwards. But taking in carbohydrates, in this case, and the extent to which cortisol levels were suppressed during and after the workout was very important because that cortisol doesn't just fade away relatively quickly. Like lactate wood, for instance, you get a nice burn in the muscle, and then your pump's gone in 5, 10, 15 minutes later. The cortisol is lingering around for quite a while and what they found. And if we can slide the pictures maybe as far to left as possible, I guess. I'm gonna look at those two, right? Yeah, that's close, good enough. So what they did is they, oh, guys, I think I lost Scott. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Bodybuilding Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante True Del, the creator of DC training. He wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. All right, cool. I show, turn it back over to you. All right, cool. So what they did then, so what they found when they looked at their data was that first and foremost, right above our pictures there, you can see the cortisol elevation. This is over the course of the beginning, the middle and the end. In the open bars are the control condition. So no carbs. And what you can see there with those, they don't even look like bars. They'll just sort of black small black lines. And there's actually a negative bar on the far most set of plots. Is that the carbs? This is just 50 grams of Gatorade. Essentially eliminated the elevation of cortisol. Really? Do you know that during training? Yeah, just completely blocked it. Typically you'll get some elevation of cortisol. The harder you train the more cortisol you get, it's a stress hormone. But you can, of course, according to this study in the way they train here on average, there's some variability of course. That's the next slide. You'll see a major suppression. And of course there's variability in the extent to which cortisol is raised in some individuals who aren't even taking the carbohydrates. So some people have a greater cortisol elevation. That's one thing that seems to be predictive in general of growth. So what they did is these right, most plots here. What's they correlated? The changes in fiber size with the change in cortisol. So on the upper, the wide axis here, and you can't see as I'm swiping your with my mouth with it if you can see where my mouth is. Used to being, the presentation of front of people they can see my mouth. Yeah. You'll see that the high elevation of cortisol in the upper left meant actually in the case of one person there at least a loss of fiber across sectional area. That person actually did too much. They were overtraining literally in the body and building in any sense. But as cortisol levels were suppressed and were lower and lower and lower, you found that there was a greater greater and greater increase in fiber size. So those who reduced cortisol the most, which on average was much, much more so the case and those who took in the carbs, experienced the greatest muscle growth. And those two plots are in type one and type two fibers. So just about 50 grams of carbs is a really, really nice way to ensure a substantial reduction in cortisol levels. And the more you're in your cortisol, according to this study, the more you grow. And that's simply from that acute effect you're having on during and post-exercise cortisol responses. But that release of cortisol isn't something that's gone after an hour later when you're having an exc meal. That cortisol because it's a steroid hormone has a long lasting effect on altering, in this case, protein synthesis, changing, acting in a catabolic way, which is one of the things cortisol does. So carbs alone, quarter this study, extraordinarily important actually. The correlations there were negative 0.86, it's negative just because the cortisol was the greater the fiber size. So that's why it was a negative number. But negative 0.86, negative 0.72, those are really, really strong correlations. The negative 0.72 suggests, and that's the lower of the two, that was for the type two fibers I believe, suggests that about half of the reason, half of the variability in fiber size was a function of the elevation of cortisol. Cortisol accounted for half of the variation in fiber size. The other half could have been genetics or what have you, but the way they ran their stats and what they did in this experimental paradigm, suggests about half or even more for the type two's about half, for the type ones even more so, except to which they grew was matter of cortisol. Carbs matter, this was 50 grams of carbs. So let's go to the next slide. There we go. All right, so this is a shout out to Darren Willaby. This is from his lab many moons ago. In this case, actually, what they used was a carbohydrate control. So, the air control was just 20 grams of carbohydrate before and after training versus 20 grams of, so sometimes people would, because the general assumption, as I said before, is that carbohydrates are not insulin-symusical growth. So this study actually, in light of what I just talked about the tarp headings study in the previous slides, like, maybe they should, if they really want to look at approaching versus nothing, they shouldn't have used carbohydrate as they're quote unquote placebo, because it's not necessarily placebo. So, but again, and the reason we can wrap our head around that is if you look back at those correlation plots, there were some people who were losing size and some people gaining size. So on a given program, you might have some people who thrive and some people who get buried. And that variability is something you'll see. So, in this case, they were comparing 20 grams of carbs before and after training. So almost 50, almost the same amount, which we know in some people can be effective, but that's a function of the training regime and the individual versus protein. And what they found was protein was better than carbs, and they didn't have even a pure placebo. So, flavored water, so to speak, that was disguised as being one of the other two conditions. And all these plots and the lefts, all they basically show, these, this is the messenger RNA, which is sort of the signal coming from the nucleus, to produce myocin of myocin heavy chain, one of the components of the contractile proteins, the type one of the type two fiber types, and also local IGF1. So, the local release of IGF1 is one of those things that's very important for turning on the satellite cell activity, having it's on anoboc active. Everyone knows about IGF1, the big deal. The big question in the research literature is whether injected systemic IGF1, IGF1 per se, or the locally produced stuff in the muscle itself, acting locally as a messenger, or as a signal transducer is important. And we know that's the case. That's pretty certain. So, in this case, protein did a better job on a turning on protein synthesis and upregulating the IGF1 expression. So if we slide the, our slide ourselves off to the left, there you go. And what you saw here, the seaboverse's protein is that they had better gains in bench press and leg press strings. And in this case, they measured thigh mass, they sort of did a measurement of the thigh size. And the way it's maybe not, they did do it MRI, they did do a CAT scan, then do a DEXA, they actually did a circumference measurement and use skin folds and instead of another anthropometric kind of measurement that is one of, in a way, it's kind of old school practical bodybuilding. Who got the biggest legs out to the end of the training regime? Yeah. And yeah, they had increased size gains in the protein group. The pair do in this case, remember the carb group, which we would expect some of those individuals would have made gains, maybe not. So much as hard to know, because different trainers are in different study, different people, even though they're the same, these are untrained subjects actually. So not quite the same. But what we see here is protein in it itself definitely can have an effect. So we got a wind for carbs, we got a wind for protein, protein medium better than carbs. That's why I generally send a say, if you had to pick one of the other, choose carbs, excuse me, choose protein over carbs. But carbs are nice too. And there's some nuances there, maybe we can get to if someone asks questions about that. Let's go choose the next slide, which this one just, not quite as noisy. Okay. Sure, it picks studies, nutrient timing. See here. The upper left is the third, out, yep. So now we've got some, let's slide our pictures off to the right there. Probably even go to our here, maybe. I'll just put it in there. Yeah, that's cool. Okay. See you in this one, yep. So in this case, this is, I love this study. It's really well done because they compared pre-work out nothing, a placebo, 40 grams of carbs, six grams of essential amino acids, which has been shown to increase protein, just six grams. And this is the thing you commonly find in over-the-counter supplements. Absolutely. John Meadows, that comes from the original research, some of which Kevin Tipton was involved with back in like 1999, 2000, 2001, they were doing these studies like 20 years ago. It just takes a small amount to shift things in the positive direction in terms of protein synthesis. So they did nothing, carbs only, essentially amino acids only or both. And if you take a look at over the course of their training period, you see sort of a very nice, graded response. So the bottom left set of plots shows body mass in the leftmost placebo, then carbs, and essential amino acids. And this only six grams of course. This is different than 40 grams of protein, what have you? And then the combo. And what you see there, of course, is the body mass increases, not so much in placebo, then carbs and essential amino acids about the same. And if you combine the two, you have a superior increase in body mass, more importantly, if you look at fat free mass, same kind of pattern. So you saw some fat loss in all the groups. So that's the furthest, both set of bar graphs there in this particular figure. But same thing, placebo, you got some fat free mass. It wasn't affected training program. Carbs, then carbs versus essential amino acids only about the same. You combine them, you get some synergy there. And that's the other chart to the other graph, to the right, correct? But no, we're still on that leftmost one. You're still on that leftmost one. Yeah, I'll guide you to ask me. So what you see there, if you look at the bottom of the left, this is body mass, fat free mass and fat mass. So those are the, I know this is, that's why I try not to ask you much. This is kind of a crazy plot. I see. So those are the changes in mass of the whole body weight, body mass. And then the fat free mass and the fat mass. So everyone, the nuts in which weight gain the placebo, but in the other conditions, they got a good increase in body weight. And they got a, being increase in fat free mass in all conditions, but more so in carbs and essential amino acids, superior in the combo group. And then all the groups actually lost fat mass. It even looks like the carbs versus essential amino acids, they practically speaking, they definitely were ahead of the game, but there's some good variability there, so it wasn't significant, I don't believe. So you're getting better gains when you use either carbs or essential amino acids and you're getting the best gains in this particular study if you're using both. So the next, so the bottom right there, and you can, we've our pictures out of the way, it's not so important you can see most with there. Yeah, that's fine. So this was a little bit more difficult to interpret, but it's arranged differently. They've got the groups and those sets of three bar graphs, placebo, carbs, central amino acids and the combo. And they did a nice job, they were being honest here with their presentation. So rather, just showing the changes, the bottom part, each one of those bar graphs is the actual fiber cross sectional area. And the top open part represents the increase in size. So if you look across all of those bar graphs, you'll see there's little open boxes kind of sitting at top, like the top floor on a skyscraper, those open boxes, and there's little percentages there. People would have to kind of dig into the c-dose on their screen, and the zoom in, pause, and zoom in with their phone. If you look across the top, you see those open boxes for the placebo, carbs, central amino acids, the combo. You see them all cases. And those are for the three different fiber types that they analyze, like even called it 2B to study with so old ones and the two type 2 fiber types. And what if you look at the numbers and there's a whole bunch of little dots and things to indicate what was different among the groups. But the basic pattern, there is exactly the same. You got some growth in the placebo. You got better growth in the carbs, better growth in the central amino acids. And the little boxes at the top, the original fiber sizes are bigger in the combo group. You can just look across there, imagine, like if you had triplets of skyscrapers to choose from, the placebo, carbs, essentially an acid, it's combo. And you want the one with the best, biggest penthouse, which the open boxes are there. The biggest penthouses are on the far right one. Carb is plus essentially an acid, because they got the best fiber growth in all the fiber types. It wasn't always significant, because they're comparing all these different conditions, but on average, definitely superior. So the combo is good. So let's go to the next slide. All right. We're developing the theme, and now we're gonna... Is it this one? Yes, sir, you're on it. We're back at order and I think. Another cherry of a study. So this one's even a little more practical. Sometimes people say, well, people never do the shit that people actually do in the studies. So how relevant is it? Well, that's one of the advantages of a scientific study is that you can isolate all the variables, and you're not concerned about whether this did it or that did it, because you only got one difference between the two groups. That's the supplement they are given, or the type of training they did, or when they meditated in the morning, or they visualized, or any of the number of things you could study. Well, in this particular study, they had a supplement, which was taken as a substantial one actually taken before and after training, which had 40 grams of protein, 46 grams of carbs, seven grams of creatinemenohydrate. So there's some creatinin there, which we know works from other studies that have just compared creatin. This is sort of like in the trenches, are you gonna put creatin in your pre-in postwork out drink? Well, yeah, probably are. So here's what happened. And the nice thing about this study is they took resistance, trained individuals, and they familiarized them. Think for six weeks, four or six weeks. So they got them past those neurological gains. That kind of evened up the playing field with everyone, because sometimes someone's kind of trained, they're relatively untrained, it's like, ah, they start a real good training regime, they're gonna leap ahead. Sure. And other people, it might be detraining for them. So that creates variability, and that makes it more difficult to pick up, statistically speaking, on changes between groups, because you've got, you know, some people are detraining, some people are actually getting a training effect. So they even the playing field, before they even started the study, and we saw the same kind of good stuff. So if you look at the leftmost plot there, you see better body comp changes. So, oh, let me ask, let me ask that one more thing. This is very important too. So they're treating the group, the one that looked really interesting and seeing if something happened, took this supplement before and after training. The other group took the same supplement, but in the morning and at night. Oh, it wasn't, they didn't time the supplement around the training. But overall, they do the same supplement taken in, and the same macro, same calories, nothing was different between the two groups. So there was no accommodation like one group, you know, eight less because they had the work out the supplement before and after the training, or because they had the supplement in the morning and in the night, they all were nothing changed overall, dietarily, there's always the same for both groups, all the way through the study, of course they could tell. So this was just timing, and individuals had been familiarized to the training regime. This is a really well done study because some people might say, well, shit, they spent like four or six weeks just sort of taking trained people and training them, and they didn't really use any of those data, like that's a lot of effort. Yeah, it is. But as an example from my master's thesis, we used fire fighters, and we compared them, their performance during some called a combat challenge versus during a rolling or geometry. But firefighters don't inherently know how to row. Most people don't inherently know how to row properly. So we spent six weeks familiarizing them to rowing. I brought in a crew member from the university, and she trained all of my subjects individually for six weeks. Like three or four rolling sections a week, I think it was. That's cool. So we had a stable measurement from the things that we tested during the study. So they sort of stabilized. They got rid of those sort of new begames and switching to their training regime by pre-traumns. So this is a really nicely done study. And if you look at the left there, you see better body comp changes. The leftmost is a lean body mass, so fat free mass, double the gains when they took an assupement around the training. The fat mass was pretty much unchanged. And the body fat percentage actually went down in with the nutrient timing. Who knows, you know, that things do happen. And it was significant. You look at the fiber-type growth. No differences is the middle plot. And so there's a better body fiber growth. It's actually better fiber growth there for that plot. That's right there in the middle. Yep. Thanks, sir. And type ones, no difference, but they got greater growth in the type two A's and the type two X's. They called them there. So in the last, the rightmost there is the strength gains. They measured the big three, bench press, squat, and deadlift. End up getting better strength gains in the bench and the squat, but not in the deadlift. But practically speaking, they went up, looks like about 10 pounds more over the course of training. So well, really well done studying. This was a pure timing effect. Wasn't more protein, wasn't more carbs, it wasn't more calories, just timing. Yeah. So there are some data. There is evidence that nutrient timing matters. But let's go to the next slide here if we could. All right, and what's that one? It's got the big color, colorful pyramid on the left. Yeah, okay. There we go. We cannot forget the big picture. So it's interesting. Let me see if I can find, I forgot the jack name, but if I can look it up real quick. The name of the study that I've got, a block of tech support from there. You see how you find it? I'm just gonna do it. I have to reload to be out for everything crashed. We'll skip that for now. So this is from a review that Kevin Tipton done did with Wittered in 2007. So early on, and Tipton's wheelhouse is protein metabolism. This is this thing. So he's going through the ins and outs of protein metabolism. This is studied so much. How many grams of protein do we need, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera? And what he says there, this is what I got, the red lines indicating the where I'm reading, is this is a passage from that particular review article examining the importance of overall energy intake. And he writes, energy intake is likely to have as much of an influence on protein requirements as does protein intake itself. So what he's saying there essentially is that how much you're eating overall has a substantial effect on how much protein you need. So in some of the studies now come out from Stoophilips lab, it was mentored by Kevin Tipton, and showing that having really, really large, like three or four grams per kilogram per day, so almost one and a half, two times what you typically see as the protein requirements for people who are weight training is beneficial when you're dieting down and you're dieting really hard. So there's a relationship between the protein needs and your calorie needs in terms of what protein is best to hold onto that muscle mass when you're training. So on one of the coin, if someone's eating, it would be very tough unless you intentionally did it to take in 6,000 calories a day and not get a gram of protein for pound. That would be, you know, 800 calories, let's say for someone who's 200 pounds eating 6,000 calories today, which would be extraordinary, you're gonna get the protein almost accidentally, even if you just ate, if you just ate, I think if you ate potatoes, you wouldn't get complete protein but you get pretty close to that. So if you definitely get your RDA, oh yeah, you definitely get your RDA. So I have to go back and look at that. So they write that and then the other line you'll see in that and this is on the upper right of what we're eating the text here is that during resistance exercise training, resistance exercise training has been shown that positive energy balance is more important than increased protein to elicit gains in lead body mass. Interesting. So they're kind of throwing this out. So here's the thing. You get the question so often, like how much protein do I need, blah, blah, blah, to gain, it's like, how much are you eating? That's the important thing and that's why, if you look at the pyramid there, this is my nutritional hierarchy of importance that I put forth in my be your own bodybuilding coach book at the bottom, the base. What's most important is your total caloric intake, the law of thermodynamics does indeed apply. So you can worry about some of those things higher up and notice I've got nutrient timing is in the maroon, sorry for those who are colorblind, but second from the top block there, that's a fine tuning thing. How important is that? It's sort of a low importance. But your total caloric intake is the most important thing. You're not gonna manipulate all the macros all you want if you don't have a negative caloric balance then you're not gonna lose body fat. You don't have some sort of a positive energy intake, you're not gonna gain those things need to happen. So if you could slide the slide us off to the left there, Scott. All right. So the question then becomes, you think about the things that you know, chipton and wittered wrote many, many moons ago, like how often do you see studies like the serial gains nation posts that I put up not long ago on my Instagram where they're examining, like how many calories do you need to gain? Like how much variability is there? You don't see those things done. It's like, well, why, but there's tons of protein stuff that's being done. Why not so much literature on energy surplus and energy deficit? We're starting to see some really nice things looking at toggling your diet, refeeds, those sorts of things are starting to come out. That's nice. It's very easy to bring people in to a study and say, here we're gonna help you lose body fat. Yeah, in one of the beautiful groups. But you take someone and say, okay, well, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna overfeed you. It's you're gonna be miserable. You're not gonna eat the food. People who've, like really pushed the size gains, no, and I think the, I would be, I would wage it a bet that eight or nine and a 10 guys are in the same opinion that I have that I'm trying to gain weight and over eat as much less as much for difficult. Yeah. And then trying to drop weight and drop body fat. Of course, at the end of the spectrum, it's difficult, no matter how you weigh it. But so it's gonna, you're gonna have a hard time pulling in, especially untrained individuals. One of the issues with untrained people is they're gonna grow really, really readily anyway. So they don't even need to overeat necessarily. But you take in train guys and say, we wanna make you overeat, you're gonna gain some body fat in most cases. It's gonna happen, but at least for most people, not necessarily everyone, but many people. So this is a hard thing to monitor and measure. You've got to use dietary recall, which is notoriously valuable. Doesn't work very well. People underestimate the mystery court, not even consciously necessarily, what they're actually eating. So to ask someone to put down something, you know, a massive amount of excess calories is a difficult prospect. People won't do that in large part. And there was actually study I was partially involved with just doing some pilot work for it. At university texts that Austin, where we had a giant, an intro workout, or they had a giant meal supplement, we had to take in. And it was brutal to put this thing down. It was very difficult. Yeah, we had to actually add the slam so they could measure glycemic responses to the thing. So it was like, I don't know, some 1000 calorie thing, literally we had to drink it in 10 seconds or less as possible. Oh my god. Yeah, it was like drug pick jug, it was like running my college days. So this is a very hard thing to do what it may mean, body fat gain. So you've got, you're gonna have difficulty recruiting subjects, but this could be according to what Tipton has said there. And what I think most people, which I think Dante would agree with this, I think the people who have, and know how to put on large amount of muscle mass on individuals, recognize that you have to have the core excess. So let's take a look at some research to kind of demonstrate it that, because they're out there. Not much. I found those actual two studies that are cited in the passage of us. Let's hit the next slide, which, it just is even enough to grow. Got it. This is, there's a lot of data here. You can leave us, actually take us to the back to where we were, it's probably better. Okay. And I've kind of like made this a little bit easier. They had a, some what complicated, experimental design here, but they had actual six groups, they had groups that didn't do any training in the groups that took these different supplements in. They had one that was a placebo. One was an arginine lysine combo, because that increases growth hormone by itself. Didn't really do much as far as they could tell there. They measured IGF1, didn't change. Wouldn't have expected. The important group that was in this study, which is why it's so important to kind of recognize, someone did a good job with this was, they had these individuals taking a meal supplement, exceed, it's kind of like an assure meal supplement. And the idea was that they were taking enough calories to ensure about a one pound of weight gain per week. Okay. That's what they're going for. And they ended up getting about 8.6 something like that. There was a 10 week study. So they did pretty good. If you could raise this up to the upper left, maybe see that. There we go. All right. So in this exceed group, they're only taking about 330 calories per day on average. It varied, because they were sort of titrating the amount of the supplement they would drink. One and a half cans, one can, two cans, depending on the person. But they're shooting for it at one pound of weight gain per week. The other group just trained, and they took in arginine lysine and also had a placebo group taking in nothing. Arginine lysine was like nine grams a day. That's enough to get a growth home on release, because those are amino acids that will do that. But they just wanted to test that. I think they probably got the supplement for free from a company sponsor them. So why not they'll throw it in there. The real meat potatoes, in this case, a supplement of this study was when they had them gain it one pound a week. It's a nice guideline to use. Someone wants the game. Try to get a pound a week. You're not going to do, if you do 52 pounds in a year, you're going to get some muscle mass out of that. That's a tremendous weight gain. It can be done. Did that with Jordan Peters, even less time, but Jordan's a monster. So he's a sixth-door scenario. And when you look at the, you can see the percent body fats are there. That's not what's so important. The fat free body mass, which I have an arrow pointing to, the bottom of that column in the chart, is they got about 2.1 kilos. So you know, 1.5 pounds in the placebo and that arginalizing group. And they got 3.6 kilograms of fat free mass in the group where they were shooting for waking. They were ensuring they're gaining weight at about a pound per week. That's the ticket. When they did that, they got about 70% better gains in fat free mass. Just for taking an extra 330 calories per day in the form of the supplement. So they were using the supplement to ensure the weight gain. That's not a whole lot. That's one seventh of a pound. That's about seven. Oh, you got four and 54 grams in a pound. So divide that by seven. You know, we've got about, it's about 65 grams of body weight a day. It's not very much. Out of tonne, but that was enough to keep the moving rate direction. A 70% increase. That's an extraordinary difference. You look back at some of these other plots from the nutrient timing studies. We're talking about maybe a 50% difference, not a 70% difference or a smaller amount. So this is the substantial gain. They weren't messing. They were taking in 22 grams of carbs, 14 grams of protein, nine grams of fat in average, 3 and 30 calories a day. There's nothing fancy about it. It wasn't quite an isocoloric type of supplement. Little bit car focused, extra 14 grams of protein, nine grams of fat. It wasn't like they jacked up the protein by 70 grams a day. It's only 14 extra grams. But what they did is made sure they were gaining weight. And they got a 70% better increase in fat remas over just 10 weeks. So let's take a look at a more aggressive study. The one that is the poster study for serial gains nation, which is the next slide. Does it? Going for it, 2000, yep, that's the one. So this people can find the details of this on my Instagram. So this is the Rosinet study for 2002. And they gave two of their groups, one in a little bit more protein focused, one basically car focused. A, well, I mixed up the order of those kind of flip-flop, but you can tell which is which. I put the macros there in the middle of the plot and red, but I've got them flip-flopped as they're how they're organized and the legend for the chart. Basically, 2000 extra calories a day. That was not accommodated for in their diets. So they did dietary recall as best they can tell. The extra 2000 calories a day in these mega supplements meant about an extra 2000 calories a day and those groups of got those. One got basically carbs, 450 grams of carbs, a little bit of protein, 14 grams of fat, a lot of carbs, not a ton of protein, the little extra fat. The other one got 356 grams of carbs, 106 grams of protein, 18 grams of fat. So that's the more protein. But what's the major thumper here? The entire thousand calories a day extra. Over the course of their training period. And if you look at the increase in body mass in the open and the completely filled, the dark black plots there, the bar graphs, you're seeing about double the gains, much more than double the gains in body mass, actually. But double the gains in fat free mass. Those groups that took in the, those are recreational, or beginning weight trainers what they called them. So they were had some weight training experience, recreationally trained, but we might call them now. They didn't get fat. They changed them in body fat. And fat mass was nil. And both of those groups, pretty much close to zero. It dropped down a little bit lower because a lot of times you'll see this in people who take on a new training regime that preses gains, they'll repartition, they'll get some fat free mass, loose some body fat. That's what happened in the control condition. But it wasn't like the control group lost. It's not even one kilo on average. It's like 2.2 pounds. Wasn't like they got shredded. And the other group didn't gain any body fat. But they basically doubled their gains in fat free mass when they really pushed the calories. In this case, they only got about 12. Looks no, yeah, it's an actually about eight pounds of seven or eight pounds of increased body weight. And basically all of that came from fat free mass. So again, different studies, variability crossing individuals, who knows they did use dietary recall. So it's kind of actually amazing to me, I'll admit this that they took in the extra 2,000 calories and nearly doubled their chloric intake and still eight, everything else the same, which they had been instructed them to do. They did it, apparently at least they reported they had either way taking in a massive and extraordinary excess of calories led to about double the gains in fat free mass, which we can see. It's going to be a muscle mass here. It's awesome. But that's aggressive. Yeah. That's a lot. So I found this study because I remembered it. I started doing the serial gains in ancient things because I cereals a great way to put in food afterwards. Tase good. You can put in a lot of food. And each box of cereal is just about 2,000 calories. So that carbohydrate protein group is pretty close to what I do as my postwork out meal. And this study actually shows basically documentation for very close to what I've been doing lately, trying to put on size now since I have kind of time for a real off season. So that's an impressive, that's an impressive increase in size gains just from eating enough. The bottom of the nutritional higher are important. You've got to get enough food in. You can put all the protein in you wanted. If you're a little bit low, it might help. But if you want to make sure things are happening, get the food in first and foremost. If you're eating enough, you're probably going to get plenty of protein. Notice, too, that the group, same amount of calories, the two groups, the carbs, carb focus supplement, and the carb protein. There is a substantial difference in the protein component there. So they had plenty of protein in the excess caloric intake when they took the carb base supplement. It wasn't that having more protein, as they did in the carb protein supplement, made a difference. Actually, mathematically, it was a little bit less in the carb protein, so that's basically the same. So it wasn't adding the protein that sealed the deal. It was the calories. And as was noted in that passes from the tip in a littered review article, is that this may be of more importance to the caloric excess, a positive caloric intake, may be more important than protein per se. And it varies as a function. Your protein needs varies a function of your caloric intake. So they got an extra 24 grams of protein along with that carb base supplement, but they also got an extra 2000 calories. That's important. So if you got that many calories, you've got such an and a ball of environment that you're going to make much better use of the protein that you have. And that's what some of the nitrogen balance studies have shown. Very rec qualitatively. It's not a good quantitative measurement. But you see this that the, and you see this in the, in the steward, the soups fillups, studies that have also been done with low calories, but higher protein. The protein needs various a function of your caloric intake. Very, very much so. So let's go to the summary slide. The last one here. And it's really pretty simple. Eat to grow strict, strict nutrient time, it may not matter or it may matter with unlikely to hinder. I've shown some studies that you're showing that nutrient timing can make a difference. Some people opinion it's not. Many studies with protein for instance, suggest it may not make a big difference. But nutrient availability during training can come from this pre-imposed intake. You don't have to use an inch of workout. You don't have to buy something fancy. Some of these studies gave us up four and then one after. Give it before it's going to be around for most of your training. So you've got, you've got that, you've served that purpose. You if someone, some people might do better with a one or two hour before work out meal. That's substantial. You eat 800 to 1000 calories an hour and a half before you train. And it does enough set your, your GI, you can train just as hard with or without that. Doesn't, doesn't impact you. That's going to be around your system for quite some time. You basically serve the purposes of nutrient timing by making sure you have nutrient availability when you're creating that stimulus to turn on muscle growth. But the big, the big, the big mess is here. The big take home is a positive energy balance, rules the day for muscle gain. So rest of it's sort of, to some degree, it's, you know, bells and whistles. It's icing on the pyramid, icing on the cake. Get enough food in and you're going to grow. Obviously, you may have to titrate that based on the relative gains in muscle versus fat if you're just getting fat. And you've interviewed people and you've talked about this many times. Sometimes you're just gaining fat. So you have to monitor those things the more advanced you get. You're not going to get gains like this if you've been training for 10 or 15 years. But you're going to need to have a positive energy intake. If you want to make gains, and that may be the most important thing above all as long as you're not obviously deficient in protein or or essential fatty acids or what have you. So stuff worth knowing. Nice. Nice. That's good. That's good. Cool. Let's see if I can bring us back to just us. Boom. There we are. Please. No. Yeah. You know, can I ask you a question, add a curiosity? Yeah. I run into people sometimes that want to train fast it. You know, everything we're talking about is it sounds like you can really make a difference with timing your nutrients, putting protein and carbs around your training. What are your thoughts to training fast it and not just in relationship to what we've learned today. But just in general. God, there's just a chat of them so much there. If someone, first of all, would say if someone having some food in or eating the breakfast beforehand, if they feel so much better, training fasted, yeah, that's what I'm telling. Yeah. Then stick with that. What I think has happened and I what I've seen most of the times is people will try and interwork out and maybe it's glucose, which will tend to pull much more water into the GI, they get bloated from that and they try it once they don't like it. They don't start small. Note the six grams of essential amino acids from that's all it took and the bird at all studies. That's not very much. You're not going to know that's in there. You could make your own placebo drink. Have your chicken with other your training partner someone to give you like, okay, here's the flavor water and here's the flavor water with six grams of essential amino acids. You sort of a citrusy flavor to cover it up, you won't even know. But that's been demonstrated. Not that, no, there's a law diminishing returns. The more advanced you are, the less likely you're going to be able to get these kinds of larger effects you see in less trained individuals. But six grams of essential amino acids does have an impact on positive protein balance. You could feel that any you wouldn't even know it. If you're drinking, if you're drinking something, you would know it if you didn't flavor it. You've braised it. Hopefully that would throw you off too much. So that's the thing is that I would never want to do anything that would sacrifice your training efforts. Yes. In the same way, don't do things that sacrifice your sleep. For instance. So you eat so much where you go to bed, you can't sleep. That's not good. You're kind of shooting yourself in the foot. So there's that. If you're dieting down, if you're somewhat fritz or too doesn't care so much about muscle mass and you're dieting down and you can end effect taking less food by training fasted and the training itself has a negative or in this case we consider a positive impact on your appetite. Meaning it reduces it. Someone might be able to get up, have their cup of coffee, you know, futs around for a while, go to the gym at 10 or whenever they can and then they train at 12 and they don't feel like they need a first meal until one. That for them and then that means they eat less throughout the day. If muscle mass isn't a major priority for them, but getting lean is, you know, that could be a great strategy for that individual person. Okay. So that's. Yeah. Yeah. It was just something that kind of came to mind just trying to apply things into the real world because not everybody wants that. I think for the vast majority of us though we're thinking about how we can squeeze in, you know, food around and in our training now after hearing this. Yeah. You know, the one thing that I would suggest folks try, you can do like I, I didn't even talk about like the ingredients I've done so many talks and we talked about here I think and several of the podcasts I've done. Use a hydrolyzed way. Use a highly brand-cycliced action. Get something that's going to have the least potential for GI distress. Start in small amounts, work your way up. You know, easiest way to kind of see whether it's making a difference for you is give it two months shot. Work your way up to, you know, 30, 40 grams of protein, maybe 75, 50, 75 grams of carbs, something like that substantial that you're drinking, starting before, throughout and by the time you're done with your workout finish it up. Get used to that. You know, and then remove it. Okay. You want to elimination and see how you do. See how you feel. Yeah. Yeah. And that is the most substantial effect that I see in many, many people is they will travel somewhere or they will they have forgotten it, they blanked out, they ran out accidentally if they had another bottle of X ingredient or X pre-made supplement and they don't have it and they go to the gym, try to train without it and some of it could be here, which is fine. Hey, you know, what works works whether it's your total placebo or actual physiologic effect. We want to figure out what works. If you can hypnotize yourself into being huge then you do it, right? Yeah. Of course. But when you eliminate it like that, that's where people are like, oh man. Then they see the, yeah. I just got blanked, you know, I just like things that I could have done easily. I could, it's like someone like took another, took a gear away from my, from my ability to train. Right. Right. No. That's a good experiment to do. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good question though. Hey, let's wrap this thing up then. Cool. If course guys, if you do want to check out any of those supplements, we'd appreciate it if you used a sponsor of train nutrition and you can even buy these things individually. So if you wanted to buy some hydrolyzed way, you can pick that up on its own. You can pick up highly branch cyclic dexterity. That way you would have the ability to kind of, you know, put your own concoctions together at whatever doses you wanted to do. Same with EAA or you can get those things all together. I know I believe last I checked they were currently out of Perry MD, the, the mountain dog formula. I'm an intro workout, but they, you know, they do carry that regularly. I'm sure it will be back. So there's a chance if you're, if you're not seeing this right at the release, then it may already be back in stock. So check out true nutrition. Of course, check out be your own bodybuilding coach. You can get that at Amazon. You get the hardcover there or you can go to be why OBBCoach.com. That's Scott's book, which will take you all the way from the beginning of your off season. Hopefully before that, it'll help you plan your off season, carry it out, run you through your contest prep and your peak. In fact, I know somebody who's using your strategies in your book right now, Jerry Jason and Facebook. And he was just over yesterday. We were working on some posing together and he's looking incredible. Natural guy, very, very lean. And I believe he's doing his trial peak this, this week. Now he's going to be competing in a couple of weeks. So he's done an incredible job. He's coaching himself and he's using the book. So definitely check that out. And of course, for the two training that net, guys, we'll see you soon. Thanks as always, Scott. You're welcome, man.