and it was a sitting in my car and like you know the guys locking up like you know like I was the last guy to the gym like he's watching I'm watching it. I'm watching it. I'm watching it. I'm watching it. I'm watching it. Yeah, and I remember sitting there with like this massive shoulder pump like massive and it was like minus 30 out like yeah, freezing like brutal Canadian cold out and I remember thinking nobody's gonna beat me It's not possible like I had a screwed up day and I had solved every problem immediately and just moved on No hesitation drop drop drop drop like oh, okay gone move like there's there's one goal nothing else matters everything else is just Details it can sort out later Remember everybody to drop your questions in the comment section below right here and then we'll make sure we get to him as soon as possible Everybody welcome to it's just body building course myself big wrong parlobe dusty handsha Scott McNally We're happy to be here guys remember to like share subscribe comment and And You see what I've done with all the bell ringing here is I'm strategically teaching dusty to become a drummer slowly Without him really go back and it right today Yeah, I'm going to admit a vault it into two bells. He has to hit two bells or something. I'll take it. That's to be three can never be two remember Right Yeah, I'd numbers okay Got the milk the mutant built tough shirt on like that, you know kind of like the you know built for tough kind of rip for it off That was funny. Good Remember to go on I am mutant calm and you can get all your sub to get your ISO you can get your pre workout the all in you can get the gear get on the gear Not gear Either gear. I'm drinking ice tea gear right now That's my thing Remember dusty 20 or big wrong 20 those are the two codes you can use and Scott gets completely left out of this one. How else are it? That's alright. However, there's a think big body building network patreon that you should go to and for the price of a cup of coffee isn't that what they say something for the price of a cup of coffee You can be a podcast homeless You can get a podcast You should have a girlfriend Do the voice of a friend No And I just feel it Perfect Perfect So hungry guys Yeah, get pictures of Scott died and right down like shredded just use like a zitherman on his face Yeah, that's the face Let me see the face Yeah, that's all Man Okay Um, yes, so that's all the what I call the administrative bullet It's good that we have to We've got our last show demonetized ranch I'll make a note. I'll let it that one It's ready to really get more out to the I have no idea why they would demonetize us for so minor You know what it is is that we can go for a long stretch and you're really good and then it's one I think they're like well, he did like seven and a row so it's a little rough there It seems like they're fully automatic Yeah, that's it That's it Right The shot If you hold the trigger down Yeah, spray the F-poms You get a specialised Yeah, the ATF gets involved What if I jump in and say that you have Tourette's then they Oh They can I'm a victim I'm a victim Exactly You're being held back by the man I'm a marginalized group that is being judged unfairly through the scope of Abel-verbed people who don't want to be somewhere Tate Yeah Hey crime Okay, hey crime Hey crime What are we starting with today? Oh, yeah, we had a lot of good questions and we had the edico and interview which was awesome But we were gonna talk about something we get asked a lot about Do you have the genetics to be a pro bodybuilder? And how do you know that and when did you know that? That's sort of thing Dusty and I get that question a lot You've heard that question a ton over the years with all your podcasting Oh yeah, what do you guys think? It's a question you can't help but ask yourself if you get involved in bodybuilding You know what I mean? Yeah So, I've started feeling like a politician before we've been started Because my first issue with the question is If you love bodybuilding you will find out by chasing bodybuilding By just going for it This question does not bother me. It only bothers me when I feel like the questions being asked So they can decide if they want to get started Hmm In the church Yeah, I mean, yeah Yeah That's a hang up for me like you got to go after this and go all in And then watch your body evolve and kind of see where you're at Because that's the issue I have is a very regular thing where they're like Oh, that before we get started I actually put an ounce of effort into this Can you make sure and let me know that I'm going to be financially set through bodybuilding Because my physical is so good right Yeah, and when you when you bring that up dusty it makes me think of how like You know nothing about being a pro ever occurred to me until I was like four years into training Like you know what I mean like You know I didn't like start training to be a bodybuild a pro bodybuilder I just want I just love the process You know I remember thinking like oh you know okay, I'm going to I'm going to do a contest and just see how fun it is You know see how I do you know like I remember thinking like that it wasn't like pro card stuff I know that I know that we sound like grumpy old men to some people when we talk about like the chase and the pro card thing now But we have to cut everybody a little bit of slack Because they're they're constantly being bombarded with talk of turning pro like now just what social media is done to the the bodybuilding generation now It's all about like you know there's so much stuff about chase and pro cards They're just bombarded with it. It's kind of not their fault in a way You know like back when back when I started training like you know there was one pro a year right like one Canadian a year So it wasn't like it was the reason or people train Yes, they a lot right like the gyms are just full of full of a hardcore guys bench and three plates and squat and four plates and some Suston on an alacharuma and all the good stuff get We love and it was just for for the love of the game and the the just the fascination with what they were doing with their body. Yeah I was just I don't know it's just love a bodybuilding. It wasn't just like this crazy pro card chase, you know Yeah, so it's it's it's definitely different how it's worth it now and however when talks about it, but yeah, like dusty said you I mean you got to want to compete anyways like you know, I mean you got to love it I'll tell you what I've seen as a coach I I know how I respond obviously I saw myself dieted I dieted myself. I tried to grow myself long before I ever attempted to help anybody else and Then I could see so they gave me kind of a foundation. I could see like oh this guy It is really struggling. He has a much harder time getting in shape than I do and it takes him a lot more work Or I could see this guy, you know grows muscle a lot more easily than I did. He doesn't need to eat as much food and Damn he's strong and he's one of those guys. It's always been strong and then I meet some people that it's like no matter Once in a while no matter what I do no matter how hard I diet him they didn't go flat No matter what I do in the offseason. I can feed him and feed him and feed him and they don't get overly fat In fact, I'll tell you what as much as like I feel like this program is super motivational for people Who want to get as big as possible But there's been kind of like there that this is a great conversation to have because I've had so many conversations with even people that I work with And I've had to tell him like listen we can't do what Ron was able to do We can't do it. Rusty was able to do like we some people they can't necessarily just keep shoveling food and growing and growing and put on all that weight And then also be able to diet it down. It's like one guy I'm thinking of in particular here There's like a lot of loose skin. He was overweight before and he's somebody that's like he's got to just keep it tight all year round And he can grow but he can't be he can't go from like 240 to 300 and then bring it back down again You know what I mean? And that's a genetic thing I guess I just I've seen how I respond and then once in a while I've met somebody and worked with somebody who's got just amazing genetics and they're just it's a different ball game And that really gave me a lot of perspective on what could genetics are so we have people on the podcast That are like hey, I didn't run I don't run a lot of gear and we get so much feedback from the audience It's like this guy is lying. He's full of it. Well he had to use a lot more than that to grow He might not be a much all of these reasons why that's not true But I've seen it firsthand. I've worked with people firsthand who have turned pro without using trend People have been literally under a gram of gear and they're outmossling people on stage that are taking way way more than that It's so hard to get that through your head. Maybe I wouldn't even believe that have I not had the experience I've had with so many clients You know I I vividly remember when I first started training like 14, 15, 16 years old I remember that jam I can see the room And I can see this one guy that used to train there and his name was Marty and he was there every single day He was like furniture at that gym. He was in there squatting and deadlift and benching and he had the boat next shirt on and he had his sweats rolled up And he he he he were the weight belt and he he trained hard man Marty was always red face beans in his forehead just pulling on stuff loading up the leg press train and really really hard He probably trained too heavy, you know, but his form wasn't terrible. It was just like kind of risky, you know And he just trained like he trained really hard like other people made comments like, oh, yeah, you know if you want to hop in with Marty like you know They would say like the odd thing like that and he was he trained really hard, but the guy had never grew up and he just looked exactly the same all the time He never really gained any significant amount of muscle he kind of he looked like he lifted weights But he did not look like a bodybuilder at all. He didn't have any genetic predisposition to have like the packs or anything like that And I just remember thinking like This doesn't work for everybody Yeah, it was a where at that like as a kid I was aware of that like I'm 15 and I'm looking across a gem and I like man I put an inch on my arms and it and like the first three months I trained You know And this guy like is killing himself like I'm almost bigger in this kind of only been here a year You know, but Yeah And it's I just I just it was I you know, not saying that people nowadays don't see that and notice it, but I just remember my experience of like really seeing Long term like Hard effort just nothing happening, you know, and he was like eaten pound and shakes and like just hardcore But just never grew at all and and it was just you know It was it was a good to see as a kid because you realize you're like, well, hey, there's a spectrum and I don't really know where I am somewhere on it Yeah, but unless I get too cocky You know So I think to really answer the question what you got to What you got to come down to is what does it mean to have the genetics and I think there's the part that people miss like because there's different stages of it like For example, how does your body hold up for years of training? That's part of the genetics just training hard, right? When I'm talking about drugs, how does your body handle gear like how often wrong do you get asked oh man you're very problems with acting you're like no Never what if you took this no this no yeah all these little things were never issues for me You know, oh did you have any bad reactions to this this no anger issues no like all of those things function fine Recovery was fine. I didn't have a slew of injuries and I definitely trained on a line that most people would have broken in half And so I think you got to factor those things in but the easiest way to do that is say A do I love body, brother do I love doing this and kind of get after it for a while because I got serious in 2005 leading in 2006 I did my first like show where I really went for it and after that show I knew I was like I want to do this and I said I want to compete within two years of now and I want to win the whole thing You know and two years later, I won the first overall and I was like okay, I demolished the kid I was two years ago Yeah, what will happen if I compete again another year and a half or so so it was October of 2008 that I competed I competed again in 2010 in June and won the June Nationals What happened in that year and a half was not year and you know eight months was not I think that those are the things you got to factor in But the other thing is during that time and I know Ron you speak the same on this I was a machine like literally body building was my life I didn't miss meals. I wasn't like the perfect diet or I was a big believer in having You know whatever food here and there, but every three hours protein and food was going down my throat And I don't think I ever missed a training day if anything it was the opposite was staying home when you're supposed to but it'll start to show itself because when I told people after my first show I was like you know I think I'm gonna do this for living I don't have that great structure thing people more or less laughed And I don't disagree with them but I went for it and then by the time I won my first overall, you know a third of those people were starting to wonder if it was possible I was still sure it was then in 2010 it was kind of an agreement like okay, this is gonna work So I think the biggest thing is being a realist along the way with how you're improving To really make that decision but unless you're filled Heath you don't walk in I had to have you run quarter turns like oh yeah, you can do this Like you know that there just many I don't think people realize that that will come the 1% body building They don't ask that question so you're not that yeah, yeah, if you have to ask that's a start right there You know and I'm saying if you have to ask then there's it but then also too like you you You may have better genetics than you realize you know because zero delts right naturally And then you start training and they just pop out in nowhere and you can take that you know as far as you can take it I think that the initial point both of you guys made it so important that it's do you have the passion for it because if that is the foundation You know it doesn't necessarily mean that you're gonna make a that's going to become your life But just because you love basketball doesn't mean you can be a pro basketball player either there's that You know, but you can still like take it as far as you can take it and I can speak personally that there have been so many lessons in my life Like I am far from a pro you know I was far from becoming a pro Yeah bodybuilding has been a huge influence in my life personally It's meant a lot to me and I could have never competed against either you guys, you know Well, I think you gotta add in one more thing slightly off topic but not but some of the best bodybuilders I know weren't great competitively And that sounds confusing to people but to me I used to hate the argument what you got to compete if you're a bodybuilder I'm like, are you doing? Like does that mean I'm that runs out of bodybuilding more that I'm not a bodybuilding more Yeah, I mean I you know give me 12 weeks. I'll still beat most people to think that and that's not the goal So you know bodybuilding is living the lifestyle and if you enjoy doing that There are plenty of guys like you said run that live it day in and day out I mean I don't think anyone can deny that the boy the guy your gym was a bodybuilder You know so yeah, yeah, it's um You know like when you say guys that are good at bodybuilding even though they don't compete you know like they They they put the work in and they get the results and if you put it like relative like I've seen some guys man You know relative to the amount of gear they took which is like very very little These are like I've seen guys that had crazy genetics You know like I'm sure Scott's dieted a bunch of guys that just did one show, you know like I remember one guy's like I'm my wife's letting me do one show Yeah, right? It's awesome and I helped him and man his body just like in in four months his body He must have put on 20 pounds of tissue while he got shredded Like it's completely crap one like I think his arms were bigger on stage than they were when he started and his He actually gained weight during the process. Yeah, like his weight hardly moved but he just got and then he his his glutes for Ripple chip shredded like he just did one show for fun. It was like 40 years old and just like everyone was like what the hell did you do to that guy? And I'm like that guy just that guy's just got it It was just same old diet, you know like probably 400 tests with nothing great like you know probably 400 tests a week with like no Anabolics. I don't even know if he took any like orals or anything like an of our anything I was probably barely anything Because he's like oh yeah my wife's like let me do this one show, but like you know Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know and like you see somebody and you're just like It's a cool perspective too, you know, you know, I don't like him I think yeah, like the whole thing was just a riot forum like it was kind of easy, you know Like he'd he'd show up to pose at the gym because I saw him every Sunday at the gym and he'd show up He'd be like ah, I had a Mars bar on Wednesday, but I did a little extra cardio No, and then he'd be like oh my god, you're like way better in last week, you know You're just a Mars Mars next week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think he stressed a second That's so cool. I think at the end of the day and when we talk about this You know what I really really want for everybody who watches all of our stuff is I just want him to have a good experience with bodybuilding, you know, so that they keep it in their lives And that they can continue doing this long term, you know, really that's to me What if we could and bestow anything upon people, but it it bombs me out when people are disappointed But hey all of us. I don't care how good the the three of us are because I mean my Pigeonetics are gonna be better than some other people's are too, you know We all had our own limitations. They're had to be some point where we all recognize Well, I can't take this further, you know what I mean? So there is that and that no matter what we all We all have to like be okay with that I guess you know what I mean? Otherwise people walk away and they're they're unhappy with the experience they had, you know, and then it's no longer fun I agree Making sure that people have it like I love when I see people do their first show and they're happy Yeah, you know even if they didn't play sat go to whatever there's still like oh man This was awesome, you know, yeah, like that's that's that's great It's also what heartbreaking when you like Okay, I won't name any names, but a buddy of mine come up to me and he's like hey, you know See that girl over there and I was like hey, he's like I helped her this weekend for the Bikini show and I was like oh yeah, and he's like man You should have heard what was did you hear the story and I was like no and he goes off You know, or boyfriend came to me like three weeks out and he's like man like I think there's something wrong with her coach And he like showed him the diet and it was just like you know the nightmare like it was like 700 calories and You know like just you know two hours cardio just like all this stereotypical stuff like that no No one none of us would ever do like right you know dusting with number each 700 calories into two hours of cardio You just never do it And so so He said well that me help her so he like took over her diet and like saved her entire experience Cool and she was like you know that sort of thing like she is I managed was like the worst experience of my life until three weeks ago Yeah, you know and so you know this it's it's it's it's a shame when that type of thing happens. You know what I mean? You know it's really good when someone you know can help them So but making sure can we add how hard core she is for doing that Yeah, right yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's the one that I was finding it's when somebody comes to you with that I assure you like okay first off I know you're gonna be fine graping because you're a machine. Yeah Now we're gonna double your cousin in the whole cardio you're gonna lean air. Oh, girl. They're very dirty All right, we had a couple other We had a couple of their topics. We had a bunch actually, but what do you guys think because there was two of them? One of them was Do you prefer to train in a full gym or completely alone? Myness training partner and the other one was what have what is something that you had to sacrifice in your life To get what you have today. We can take either of those which one do you guys want to do? Be alright Okay, I'm fine with that and Ron your starting because I chose B Oh I don't know these conversations are weird because like there's like so you know I'm working on like trying to you know do a bunch of things so I don't feel like I feel like this is type of Question you you talk about when you're done Feel like I'm done yet, so but we can't talk about this in my brain buddy. We gotta do it now I I just I just always Lived my life where I didn't buy something if I couldn't afford it And I've never really cared about stuff like yeah, I got like some nice guitars now But like this is recent like I'm 47 years old. I should have some nice stuff No, I wasn't 25 I didn't have 20 you know 20 grand worth of guitar gear in a fancy bike in a room When I was 25 and then not own a condo Yeah, like right that's I never did any of that I played a cheap guitar for the first like year Several years like First ten years I played a 200-dollar guitar you know and you know save my money and Invested money and put money and mutual funds and like all the basic you know stuff even when I was like 21 22 23 I was always saving money and just didn't spend stuff like couldn't afford it and I drove a box car Like for a long time I did No, no, but I did that like I like you know I drove a $600 car for like two years I drove of the $3000 car for like five years You know and then I finally got like a you know a grand Cherokee, but I drove I put 300,000 kilometers on it drove it into the ground You know so like I just I wasn't a spender and I feel like you know I'm I'm happy with where I'm at and I think that that had a lot to do with it You know I know dusty you know Rolled a lot of cigars with hundred dollar bills, but he's also saved his money How about you Scott yeah, I love hearing your perspective. It's always very different and I I can relate to everything Ron is saying because I was thinking about that with like my gun stuff that I have like if I were to go back and I would have think about some of the younger people that I talked to and they've got like that one rifle You know and that was like the one thing they could afford and I've got a few you know and I feel like that to me I feel really grateful that I'm in a position now where and like you said man it's like I should be able to buy stuff that I like Nowadays, you know at the same time I want to try to be careful with that, but What did I have to to give up you know what I had to give up my Irresponsibility was a big one like that was really kind of a a key To a lot of like irresponsible ability and selfishness really like the two things that I think really held me back and That helped me to grow up and even after I made that decision it still took it's still taking me like 15 years To act like you know what I mean like I made a decision and I knew like from this point forward It was like getting clean to that was a big part of it. I knew from this point forward It's gonna build and now I feel like 15 years Later I'm finally seeing like the work that I started back then, you know Right, it's it's there patients is such an important part of all of it too You know being Patient but having you know outline goals and I remember to stop people spending too much around me and it was like I just was like oh, it's not gonna go well Yeah, yeah, I remember Celebrating like five years clean and at that time So you know I had my whole other life in it was on a different life path with photography and art and then I got clean and then when I got clean I was like what am I gonna do now and so I just like I took a job and just like worked within the system And it wasn't me, but it was like I'm just doing what I had to do and I'm like figure it out how to live And I remember getting like five years cleaner six years clean in my boss who was a guy who was really helpful At the time I used to through college and I worked at a custom picture framing shop and I went back there for a while and I commented on Facebook and made a post on Facebook. Hey, you know I have five years clean today and he said you know, that's really great But what are you gonna do with your life? It's more than just staying clean and it really Erke to me at the time because I understood that But at that time it's like it's been five years. Yeah, but I'm still trying to put the pieces together And I wasn't there. I wasn't there yet, but I knew when I was on my way to where I am today So it irked me at the time though because I was just like you know It was still to me early on in that process. I had a lot to learn still, you know Yeah Yeah, what do you think Scott was like was there any moments? This is my curiosity Where you went Damn like I'm on the right track now like did you did you get an apartment alone and we're like because you know I think we when we're when we're talking and people talk about success or big dreams like I feel like we downgrade those little things like getting your first apartment like a loan or whatever it is to me was a huge deal And now it's like when you as soon as someone gets the apartment they want to tell you about their $3 million house they're gonna get some damn I do I love my lunged edge So you know, was there something where when you were coming back from you know, clean and That was just something like okay, this is a sign of my past Absolutely, but it wasn't monetary It was seeing that I could be a value to other people like my mom was going through some hard stuff at one time And I was able to help her during that or even like Me not falling apart when my dog died which was real that was like the first really hard thing I had to deal with when I was clean And it's not that I wanted to use drugs as a result of that but I Also didn't have the skills to cope with life and when you have really strong emotions So that was a really difficult challenge and to be able to get through those things to me I was like okay yeah, I'm definitely on the right path because I my life didn't fall apart as a result of that traumatic experience Right, that's awesome. Oh, yeah, um Yeah, as far as the giving up thing or sacrifice First I'm gonna take a step back from the question and say I didn't do this well in the beginning I was like to point that out because anytime you listen to people like Ron really was Smart and conservative with money and those things from a young age I wasn't like the moment I was making money. I was like I need a seven series And I back one really and you know, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, and And the thing is and I've talked with this on the show before I did not understand that there was a difference between Being able to pay for something and be able to afford it. Okay, so I learned that down the line But what I would say is Look at life to see me look at bodybuilding You would say to yourself. Okay. I want to win You know the Vancouver Pro Am amateur division In 2024 Okay, and you would work backwards from the show what needs to happen between that date and today to make that happen And you line everything up and you follow the path and if you follow the path and we've granted someone can beat you But you're gonna have your best shot to get there I feel like in life what we do is we say okay, I want to retire at this age I want to have a house that's this. I want to have a lake house And then we just randomly throw in that we're gonna buy a couple seven series as if that's not gonna slow down that process To get to that finish line or even make it impossible Yeah, you know, so I think that that was the big thing I learned was Once I eliminated those things I also had the freedom To make decisions that weren't just monetary You know when I signed with mutant they did not give me the best offer financially that I got that day But I knew it was the right fit so I didn't need to go to money You know what I mean and that has long since paid off So those kind of things are great and then the biggest thing that I would add is Along the way make it sure that you take those moments to notice your little winds Because like I said I do remember the first apartment and how awesome it was during the process And that was rather than being like a quick okay, I can't reach you the next thing Yeah, it was like all right, I'm I'm on a roll now. I can do this You know you get your first place you furnish it like a big boy and you don't have any Puzzles on your wall you like there we go All right, like it's embarrassing for mom to come over Yeah, so you know Depending on the stringing along yeah, well if they're good post or mom come on now But you know, I think each and a long with is the key because just like bodybuilding We all want it immediately and that's why Guys take too many drugs in the start and that's why Guys start making a little bit of money in drug seven series like a moron like That's that's not gonna get you to where you want to get long term. Yeah Yeah, all right, so we had that other question and it was Do you prefer to train in a full gym and we also have some lists or questions too or completely alone Minus a training partner I I always loved a You know moderately busy gym I I just I I'm a you know I've had some amazing workouts in an empty gym. I mean, you know We still go to Braiden's house once in a while and smash in his garage you know what I mean? And it's like super fine cranked in music the workouts are always awesome But I I sort of you know that's I I guess I'm kind of a recluse most to the day like I spend I've always spent a lot of my day alone You know what I mean like I've always done that I've always spent the great deal in my day alone So going to the gym is kind of like I guess even if I don't even talk to anybody when I train which is you know how it usually goes It's still kind of my social time in a weird like subconscious like psychological way like I was around people today Yeah, tell me I'm a hermit You know I was in a big room full of people. I'm perfectly social Yeah, with my headphones You know I'm social Yeah, but I was like the energy of the gym like I you know I I still think of that first gym that I started in you know it wasn't like It wasn't meant to be a hardcore gym It just sort of became one because that was the crew there at five o'clock every night after school It was just kind of like About there was some football kids in there. There were some old power lifters There was some local body builders that were actually pretty good You know they're playing you know Metallica CDs and stuff so it was like unintentionally kind of a hardcore little gym and people yelling and hollerin and you know Using chalk and you know swearing and dropping F bombs like you know I remember the Management would like they'd send somebody and like he can you guys not swears loud like I remember that type like kind of thing happened when I was a kid You know, yeah, so I guess that's still get back today Yes, I guess it's a YouTube now Yeah, I just I don't know like I you know I always liked the energy of a pretty busy gym You know that's that was always like part of the fun for me was just ever the other energy too, you know Right Scott You know what I enjoy my home gym, but I've been heading up to My friend's gym called Westfit and it's just a small gym, but I've been every time I go there I get a good workout in and I stay more focused so I've been enjoying going up there And training at Mike's gym that's been cool Yeah, yeah, I guess mixing it up is also like part of the novelty like when we go train it and Brains garage or whatever it's like yeah, part of the novelty is that we're like okay. Yeah Ons around it like it just keeps me more focused. I don't know I've been getting away from like I'll have other stuff And I'll be like oh, you know I'll sit down for a minute and then it takes me longer to get back for such if I'm there I just do my three sets or two sets and then I move on, you know do the next day Right, what about where am I going next and I just stay plugged in and it's good. It's been good for me. It's been a nice change. Yeah Right, I'm gonna do a Scott here and and pull an accurately rated oh man and what I mean is You see you know first equally Now what I first started Being in the gym and watching the freaks that I wanted to become was everything like I Figured out when the best body well, those were training and I would go then Because I just wanted to watch what they were doing Feed off of it, you know get get going and I remember two is in time as I started to improve They approached me. I never approached them Like and just kind of let me know things were going well Then when you fast forward to the word I can't say but there was that little break where no one was in the gym for a couple of years I Absolutely loved training and muscle factory alone Yeah, like we would go in there. It was me Tommy and Will and like we didn't turn on the lights on we would just turn the music up We had all the windows covered up and we would train and it was fun because it was so Literally focused on the thing like I think we spoke even less It was just a three of us she'd walking around Just Right then you get started you don't I mean She's grateful to be there oh yeah, and it was just awesome and we had and the thing is that was before muscle factors what it is now I mean like we there were no Rolling like a equipment in there run so like it was like Which grip of barbell Dumbbell or Smith row are we doing today? Yeah, you know I mean which was awesome actually and that was also my Under that I had gotten spoiled living in Scottsdale and like I like out of this gym for quads And I go to this gym for hamstrings and now I'm like don't be up Just train in the gym you're at you're fine figure out right right yeah But now now that I'm old and still not wise but trying Training at the gym that we're at and seeing young kids blast is awesome to me There are a few kids in our gym that just go in and just blast their brains out and have no idea what they're doing But they're working hard. I just see them sweating and I'm like and everyone in the gym is like is grumpy old men They're like irritated all those five kids are all trained together in the way and I'm like Dude that was life back then like I live to get off a school and go to the gym and then as soon as it over Start talking about what we were doing tomorrow like I don't know how we all forgot that Like that was the best time period of my life was just training with the boys and being like You know we're gonna train into a puk okay What are we doing everything yeah like yeah, yeah, there's we're good time so it's fun now in reverse to look And see them because there are the few that you know there's a couple kids in that gym that I didn't know and like you go in the locker one day And they're peeled down and you're like Oh, if you need to ask if you can be a pro the entries guess So yeah, so that is my Scott McNally accurately rated I got a follow up question for you guys so this is a question so we had Nick Walker on blood sweat and gear last week Which she's turned out really good. He's a he's a guy who doesn't have to ask He knows he knows that His guest clothing looked insane by the way. We asked him a question. What are you prefer a gym that has good energy Or gym that has great equipment So kind of a related question here in a way you know, I mean because you could have great equipment and it's empty or Nobody you know that we were like care about you know just the the grammar crew there or right you know basic stuff like like muscle factory was like three different grips But you know Not a lot of people Excuse my I all the energy Answer that question every day. I train right now by the way Because I don't train the best gym in my city Because the owners are douchebags and There's you're not allowed to have good energy in that gym. Oh I hate that care the place we have. Yeah, it was like they don't yeah, they don't they do not want it And they're losing people left and right and they think It's because of the pricing structure and they just cannot see what's happening like People love to go to the gym. I mean Ron, you know this when you were in your like in your prime How many like normal people because you're also a nice guy I would walk up to you like oh I love when I come in and run part those in here training and they're not scared of you They love it it was I I remember tons of times that happened like I remember you know people would bitch about how body builders get treated and then be like I don't get treated like that I mean You Maybe you're doing something that irritates everybody and they don't like for some reason They just don't want to put up with it I remember there'd be times I'd go into like world health back in Mintin. It was like kind of a more fitness club, you know I go train there and I'd like leg press and I'd make some noise and then I'd hack squat and I'd make some noise And then I'd like you know do my extensions and leg curls and I'd say you know talk to the girls at the front desk on the way out and You know chat with the manager and they were all like yeah good good work out in and you know good luck It your show this year and all that stuff and then there'd be other body builders would be like yeah I got in trouble for yelling I don't like well, I don't know. I don't know why I don't get in trouble and you do Maybe there's more to it. Are you yelling on like curling you know warmups or something like maybe there's a context to why I don't get in trouble and you do you know because they bought their body builders would be like how come you don't get in trouble for your leg days And I'm like I don't know if you just make sense Maybe they're like oh yeah You know, you said that you said that you said that Ron and it made me laugh because I'm like I said that's never happened I go oh, yes, it has at the gym I left here Is the only time and it's funny, but So I came to golds and we'll have to bring up in 19th and 2% of subject here, but I came into golds Now I wanted to try it so I just got a day pass walk in and kind of day pass sure 15 bucks got the pass good for two days I trained I trained that day I had another day in the day pass my god. I don't need it. I signed up. They had like a key-off square you sign up So you just do it yourself sign up of the gym Coming in there like two days later. I'm doing dead stop rose And I can feel I don't know who he was the manager the trainer manager whatever he was But a big dude and I felt him behind me as I'm rowing and it wasn't like quiet rose That wasn't church rowing that day and I got done. I put the weight down. It's the same movement I got trouble with at the last gym So I sat up and I just kind of slowly turned And it goes that was awesome. I've been able to see you since you got in here But we're glad you're here. I'm like, oh, that's cool And now that's that I trained with him every Sunday and I would train legs so yeah Oh, that's he's cut from that cloth as well and but it's just funny the difference because I was I was like yeah Come on don't don't do this to me again You know and And that was that but yeah, I think if you if you treat the planes right I'm with you like I'd get ready for shows and like You know my grandmother or someone like her would walk up back But not what the show you're looking great. Yeah. I'm like right right I didn't even know you would know I'm doing this that's fantastic That is really cool. I love that too What what what did Nick say what was his choice? Oh, he said energy. He said energy all day Yeah, they like that gym with good energy and they'll make that work, you know versus yeah great equipment There'd be like a breaking point on the equipment though Yeah, what's gonna be functional you're not saying it's like not Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're not about training goals Gold's Venice on the beach with like bars are all bent and rusty right There's two plates here another plate way over there So I got to bring up a separate subject if we if we have a moment do we have time in this episode's kind of we've got time So I got to bring this up I got to bring this up to you Ron Because I think it's fantastic it's on the subject. I just said about getting a day pass So the other day a guy comes into the gym here a Pro apparently of a classic physique pro very good. I don't know his name because I don't give a shit, but Anyways He comes in and says he needs a day pass and Then immediately falls it up with but I don't pay for day passes Because I I'm important and I did the Olympia and I'm not gonna go further into the story because it might get someone in trouble for telling me the whole thing That's quite It's amazing. I have to I have to ask have you guys ever seen that or even known someone with the nerve To think you were so special that you can't pay a $15 fee What's wrong with people? Yeah, it's a strange thing Um Run like this you could tell by the way he's answering right now Runs gotten this before This strange thing I I've gotten a lot of great treatment at a lot of gyms You know I've been led in for free a bunch of times, but I have always Always tried to pay yeah, you know I got a free membership from the last owner of the last gym I trained at And I was like I'm happy to pay and he's like no, no, no, I'm not gonna let you pay just sign the contract And I'll put you in and then you know like that sort of thing So I've been very fortunate, but I have never ever expected it or asked for it and I've always tried to pay like When we walked into Binus did we try to get in for free? Sure, so you know We just walk in we're like hey, they're like day pass where they kept it like 30 bucks boom Respaned thanks like and the gyms full of pros like no one gives a shit about your hard you know and It's I don't know man that this weird expectation Like I think that they think Instagram is a real world or something like that's a that's an accurate depiction of their world Yeah, you know like their world is their Instagram. That's what the world is and it's like now That's your world Most people have you no idea what's going on Yeah, it's it's super shocking to me because You know as he's telling this story. I'm just shaking my head because You know like you were on I've went into gyms actually I went into a muscle factory in Texas where John Jewett in René train Um, and this was years ago and I went in and I was like hey, I get a day pass and it was a young girl behind the counter I don't know just look at your gym worker. She goes Uh Let me see like oh you guys don't do day passes like I was nervous like I dropped off by an Uber I'm in the middle of nowhere from my hotel It's just well I don't know if I'm allowed to let you pay. I'm like Wait, why I was like not what he What's the price and she's like we call the owner real quick? She calls she goes yes, sorry. He said I couldn't let you pay I just I knew who you were and I wanted to ask I was like a shock that she even had any clue V I was frozen because I was like oh no, they not do day passes because she seems so like yeah Confused when I was going on and Then and if the and he owner came in he was awesome awesome guy, but again. It's like dude if I'm gonna come to your gym and it's 20 bucks for the day Thanks, we should let me use your equipment, you know I mean it's like a portion of businesses Yeah, what you have in the gym right I mean yeah, and it's it's funny because I was talking to Lance about this I wish I knew this kid's name but there's a big Like Instagram kid that goes into his gym young early 20s and I guess he's like a big deal like when other when he walks in all the kids No, who is because like a college age gym and he came in there for a while and then he left for a bit I don't know why and he came back in and got a new membership and signed up and Lance was like hey, man Like you know well good you don't you don't have to pay like you bring a lot of people when your saw He goes oh no no I pay He was it for a gym like this I pay and it's like Lance telling us I'm like yeah, that's why he's successful Because he sees that and he knows he's got a great place to train to create content in the 40 bucks a month But to steal the run as business out of yeah So it's good to have both sides of the coin, but I really do wish that I could have been there when the guy was going on because I'm like no one cares Did you Yeah, those days are over Doesn't you know I mean yeah my friend Mike that I mentioned his job us fit I I have membership there in the reason I like he would if I was like hey Mike and I just get in he'd let me come train anytime I wanted and like a Victoria was to come with me She'll come with me, you know, but I pay a monthly membership there and here's the thing is that I want to support that gym And I feel like if he were to go out of business and I didn't support him I would never forget that do you know what I'm saying it's like he's he's got it's in my community He's trying to cultivate fitness and training hard training is good guy and if I don't support that and it ends and it's gone And it's kind of on me, you know, yeah piece of it at least Yeah, yeah That's what's the responsibility yeah part of the new economy is you have to like support the stuff that you Like you know like you you you you need to support it and and and in today's day and age For dollar getting worth less every single day right fact Listen, I got a question. I got a bunch a few questions here and I should tell everybody too if you guys have any questions That you want to share with the show then comment plus comments all that stuff it helps to boost the programming But we need listener questions. We since we put the ed interview out you know everybody was everybody had a lot of really nice stuff to say You know about that interview by the way and thank you for all of that But we didn't get a lot of questions in the last one Right I had a guy come up to me at the gym. He's like You know at cone like that was that you know just think of all the people we've had on the show like Jay and everybody But Ed cone was a one where he like come up to and he's like oh my god You know what I mean like he was like pretty stoked about Ed cone being on the show so that was that was that was pretty cool Yeah, people mentioned that I got a text from Ed Cohen I think that makes me feel so special so he was telling me about so you know he's doing the stem cells and He yeah, these some also some other stuff that he's doing with his doctor So I was like keep me posted. I want to know how these other treatments go you know Absolutely That's interesting Yeah, yeah, yeah, I feel like we could all use some stem cells. You know what I mean? Yeah, you could fire that information over to me I'll just do a share of a Text message So what about this one guys? This is from Chris Chris Wilson and this was in the Facebook group and He asked the group this question I wanted to see what you guys had to say he said I'm 48 I started lifting for physique about two months ago So he's literally brand new my question is if starting from absolute zero What could I expect in say two years my diet is on point cleaning controlled sleep is good plenty of water I don't drink booze. I work out hard to me three days a week and a day or two of abs calves for arms etc I do a basic push poll legs shoulders push day poll day legs shoulders ab day Says I'm not looking for specifics just what could I expect working hard eating and sleeping right at my age being 48 coming from grounds zero So I think It's not the age that matters Much I'm sure there's some science about that. It's the hormones like I Don't think it matters too much if you're you know 35 or 45 if you're starting at ground zero It's your training age And your hormone situation that are going to be the different so if his body's really banged up from all sorts of other Athletics and he's really going to be hindered or if he's already got a bunch of pre-existing injuries at 48 Then there's a different story if he's technically like Let's just say he's gotten to 48 with like nothing wrong with them And he can just give her in the gym Then it would just be his hormone panel that he might want to optimize For maximum do you know what I mean like I think training age and though your his hormone situation are the big keys there So you're saying it's not really the Sorry, trend is what you that's what you're trying to say right trend a lot of words for a four You know yeah So yeah, the not training age matters like you know can he you know what can he do? Is it unfeathered like ruthless training you know like I don't know what a situation is but yeah I mean those things matter and then is he gonna stay like natural like is his test level on the decline or is it optimized So those would be important things to know It's it's hard to say otherwise Yeah I think you really covered the majority what could be added to that so you know It's it's consistency over time and and also the big question We don't know the answer is how will he hold up to the training? Yeah, but I mean I think we forget I agree with you on the training age but like did he play football For high school college where when he's a busted up mess and then he's like All right, now I'm gonna lift because your your knee jerk is always like well training age your young It's like well not if he went through the meat grinder and three other sports Like I did motorcross before this show like I always 62 Yeah, I know it too is like and I'll say this is the I remember When I first got started up and I thought my diet was on point and everybody always says my diet's on point You know And then but then you learn more so what's on point now is gonna be different than what's on point and two years and you're training like you're training hard now But's training hard now is gonna be different than what training hard in two years is gonna be and so I say that too Because like we I think we all see that a lot and When we see like newer guys that are like they've got training figured out It's like man I've been training for a long time I still don't have it figured out because I'm still Like I still redefined stuff. I still come up against problems and then I if or I hit a wall And it's like what worked really good stuff to working and then I need to figure it out again You know or like the whole thing with after I got sick like my training is completely different than it was two years ago So it's like you know there's always an evolution so hit you know if he was training as hard as dusty can train Then he's probably gonna be better progress than if he's trained as hard as a newbie Constraint but we know that he's not training like dusty can't because he hasn't done it for you Just dusty you know I at most I'd say anyway so yeah, I'd say that you know just generally though someone who's pretty fresh Yeah bodybuilder Should be able to recomp You know between 15 to 30 pounds in a two-year period You know I mean if you had a really healthy 27-year-old come to me and he just starts training and two years later You just said he was 30 pounds bigger and 30 pounds leaner I would take oh the guy's got you know he responded well, but it's possible You know what I mean another guy might be 10 pounds bigger and 10 pounds leaner, but that's still a A significant change and how you're gonna look That's a big difference oh yeah, so yeah, you know sort of think in those terms I guess But I see Think that was that was really oh we had a couple here from Jim Jim's always got something for us overrated underrated The dire straits Especially Kevin who is this? David Napler don't David Napler. David Napler. Yeah, not there. It's a little far away if you're there's a David and Kevin so similar Interesting, once I don't I don't know a ton of about dire straits. I know that mark Napler and David Napler are brothers and they started the band and Mark Napler sings you know the song money for nothing that's dire straits. You know Saltens a swing Saltens a swing walk a life. They've got a bunch of great hits from the 80s and Mark and David started the band David's a rhythm guitar player. I don't really know anything about David Napler other than He was only in the band for the first two albums More than my English I don't know anything about a but it was only in every two years from 8789 his wife got pregnant and they had a kid Jerry and No, I know that He was on the first two albums and then he left the band because his him and his brother fought a lot and then he went and he disped his up producer He produces but I don't know anything and he's a producer you knew that too I Don't know as much about the women in my house as he does But dire straits is great. I would love I always wanted to see dire straits live They're like they've got their hits, but then there's also like tons of you know They've got tons of albums and Mark Napler's written music for decades and decades But I was wanting to go see them live. They're kind of a blues band essentially, but they're like no one as a rock band So they're they're great. They're great, but yeah, I don't really listen to them a lot But obviously I know they're good stuff. Saltens a swing Love that song it's a good one But money for nothing who doesn't like money for nothing Who doesn't like that riffs and money for nothing Yeah, that was that was so much fun for me just for details when you're asking questions target Ron on things he doesn't know about yeah Okay, this is one for each of us Ron. I'm heading to Edmonton in a few weeks anything you recommend seeing snow I Man, I don't know I'll live there for like 19 years So It's 16 years. I was there for 16 years. Yeah, 16 years So I don't know Jection the oilers yeah Connor you make David while yeah the greatest good at it. It's been possibly ever Yeah, that's the answer that's the answer he's he's possibly boy is the greatest player in the league right now easily isn't he? Oh for sure for sure yeah possibly discordance Yeah, you're saying that aren't you? No, like I'm sorry that go on a tangent, but like you could have somebody who doesn't know hockey watch And just be like it's like asking a three year old like what doesn't belong When he starts skating you're just like why so he's over time goal the other night I saw his overtime Yeah, they're Nate to win and that's just so he you love this Scott he he misses a break away in overtime Okay, goes up smash this stick on the boards twice bam bam Turns around the puck goes over the side of his as a teammate he passed away So now he's got the same break with shorter distance does the same move in scores I wouldn't know what's okay the identical move because he was just he's probably so pissed himself for missing because he could have got the first time He's like great I'll do it again this totally knows what's coming I'm still gonna beat him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's Watching him like if the oilers are on TV I watch the game Yeah, just gonna imagine that good yeah, yeah, it's it's some I've I've been watching hockey for forever Obviously watching Lamue Gratsky the greats He's a different thing Okay, yeah, so go on. There you go again. I have a question Plus the oilers Edmonton just got a brand new arena like within the last few years I went and saw a tool concert there like Probably 2018 or something like that, but it's like really nice all brand new You know like one of the fanciest ones at the time in the league So that's cool to see you know and really in Emmettin. There's not really much else like So I'm a walder eight center there It's like a new arena But it's the that's the the site so you're pretty safe if you just get to an oilers game All right dusty besides go dogs what else have you gone all in on in the great S.E He S.E. South East I'm going to church it ton just like the rest of them That's not sure that was cool. I have not I've not been doing that but anyways that that would be like a true commitment to the south If I dove in um No nothing like super southern But but I've definitely gone all in on cigars that has been That's a commitment to me now That's yeah I don't want to get into the pricing. I'm working on ways to make more money from cigars so I can stop spending it So that's my current goal in life But yes, I do blame the south for that because You could never sit outside and smoke cigars in Arizona. Yeah, the idea of adding heat to your mouth of temperature while it's nine thousand degrees outside Is not a thing yeah, that's like a smoke a snow cone like forget about it in that place So yeah nothing nothing exciting here along those lines isn't this snow cone when you sprinkle coke on your weed? Listen this Not like I would ever do that but isn't that what it is? I've just I've heard Scott I've been in the air by the end and these uh oh yeah you go and read a formula What do you know answer Scott? What are your top tips for growing your audience for a podcast? So this is also from Jim McDonald he has a podcast and he does a podcast about like computer stuff Which he I think he had messaged me too and he was like dude I'm at a I'm at a convention. It's our biggest convention in our industry and I'm doing a podcast on stage today So I thought that was really cool shout out to him and I would say Provide thinking your audience and provide them with with some type. I'll tell you what this is something I had heard You want to provide value and And you want to provide so much value that they share it with their friends So if you give somebody if you found a a one dollar bill on the ground You're gonna pick it up right because the one dollar bill you're gonna pick it up put it in your pocket But how many people are you gonna tell about finding that one dollar bill? Now if you found a $20 bill just rolling in the wind you picked it up and you put it in your pocket You're probably gonna tell a bunch of people that day dusty you would tell us you'd be like you wouldn't be it Believe that was outside doing my Instagram Q&A and a 20-year-old buying the app they did up and put it in my pocket And we've been like holy crap dusty got a 20 today. That's crazy huh what look So you want to provide that level of content each time that somebody tunes in you want to give them a 20 I like this I also don't say excellent never mind yeah I got one more thing good. I got one more thing and I could be way off on this This is a while back in the podcast Ron you were saying something about a gym and something hit me No guys I listened to Ron on a podcast long before I knew him this goes back to like probably 2014 I want to say this was you but tell me if I'm wrong that somebody told a story that they got to the gym And it was only open for a half hour and They still wanted to get their workout in is this ringing a bell? Yeah, yeah, do you remember this story? The in this and I in 99.9% sure it was you like something happened and whatever the case was you only had like 40 minutes left But you ended up getting the workout in anyway and you used that in this sounds like a round thing You used that is like this is your constraint for the day that you got to get it in and you got to get it in in that 40 minutes And you said that you were tired and that you really weren't into it But then once you got started because of that constraint you had one of the best workouts you had in a while That was like 2014 it literally just came back to me Yeah, I actually think I know what you're talking about yeah There was a day in my prep I was getting ready for the Alberta's in 99 and I was living at my friend's house in the basement And sleeping on a mattress on the floor and you know living out of a gym bag going to college like I was really Dream yes, yeah bodybuilding dreams sleeping on the floor, you know Just like yeah living out of a hockey bag and a lunch lunch box like just you know Prep in Getting up at six in the morning going a bit at midnight, you know all that sort of stuff just getting ready for the show and I came home one day like six weeks out and And my roommates Girlfriend it left a note like it was like hey, I please I can't remember what it was I was like no more cooking after eight p.m. Please or something like that. I don't like her go out there and I don't know I can't remember what it was But I just thought oh well, this is their house so like You know, I'm not gonna be able to follow that rule so I gotta go So I just Called my other friend and I was a hey things aren't working out over here I don't have any time for drama. It's all good. I just need and he's like oh come stay at my place And I was like okay, so I just packed up everything I had put it in my car. I was just about to go to the gym And I was like oh now I have to move so I just packed up everything put it in my car left a note Hey, gotta go see a boom moved When over to his house unpacked had to read had to cook all my food because I you know I was about to cook food prep meals and then go to the gym so I had to go to all that at his house You know, and then I didn't get to the gym till like 930 and it closed at 10 but I was like I need to train today. I can't possibly miss a workout like it's not It's not possible I'm prepping for a show it has to be perfect. I have to train shoulders today. I remember shoulders Which isn't it terrible? We're like legs or something, you know, no I just rushed into the gym and like I think I had less than 30 minutes Like 27 minutes or something and I just rushed and just like oh, bobo bobo But just pound it out as many worksets as I could possibly cram into that time and drop set strip sets whatever And I remember afterwards I was just like I remember I think the way I told the story was I was sitting in my car and like you know The guys locking up like you know like I was the last guy out of the gym like he's not watching Yeah, I'm watching it. Oh, you finished tonight. Yeah, and I remember sitting there with like this massive shoulder pump like massive and it was like minus 30 out Like That's freezing like brutal Canadian cold out and I remember thinking nobody's gonna beat me Love that it's not possible Like I had a screwed up day and I solved every problem immediately and just moved on No hesitation drop drop drop like oh, okay gone move like there's there's one goal nothing else matters Everything else is just Details that can sort out later, you know what I mean and it was just like good I remember that I remember how I felt after that. I was like this is like And I'm back on track. Yeah, I finished my day exactly the way I needed every every box was checked Home to go to bed including Your boxes of stuff I have to ask now because I'm me Please it I has just the you pulled in a dusty and wrote on her note don't worry. I moved I Already saw me He's like you moved out mix so I couldn't cook after eight I had to go I suggest you're if you're talking to the boyfriend I suggest you get out too No, no He goes where do you go? Not like I'll talk again. I just I cleared out and he's like oh man and I was like it's all good Don't worry about it and it was like fine It was like no one was everything okay. It's amazing. It is all of that's so good so good I had one thing I had to say before we go yeah, I had I had a bit of a rant Yeah, something that was bothering me that's right. That's right. I Need to say something about I Don't mean to be judging Judging person I'm about to judge There's certain things and if you do them there's just things I think Right like and one of them is not putting lids back on stuff If you don't put a lid back on something It makes me feel like you're not gonna finish What you were doing like you don't finish things so like it happened that we we had a funny combo on the staff chat Did it because someone left a lid not on on the proteins or someone grabbed it off the shelf and I like fell Right My bad but it was kind of was funny, but but I just made me think like that bothers me and we were taught Remember when we were talking about lids dusty and that came up oh, yeah, and I just it's a it's a situation. I don't understand it. Yeah, it has to be if it's not on them When I open a cupboard and I see a bunch of lids kind of tilted like they're not screwed on they're just sitting there That's dangerous Just take there's a lot of stuff about fall apart. You're gonna read a note and just leave pack your boxes I want to move out I see that I'm standing in somebody's house and it's you're dangerous booby traps suck from it You know go Emily Gotta go yeah No dusty with kill himself Okay, dude that was I was Well, no, but so you you you set me off which of course. This is like a reverse of me because you said that and I had two Issues that place back to back That entered my mind because it's just happened yesterday I know it was this morning. I I went to get some all in and My youngest drinks at all the time. I drink it occasionally I'll get some all in so I reach up and the cupboard I grab it all in and it's empty Put it down yeah Another one empty put down grab another one empty I'm like three empty tub so I finally grab one that's not empty and yes, we have a ton of all in for anybody who's confused And I it's full so I'm I'm Little you're telling about those three but I'm happy to have some then I open it and you know the safety lid It's not gone. It's just lifted Right Oh You could even commit to opening the bottle like Could it opening it that's almost worse than not putting the lid back on Just I literally just I'm like and I look in there. It's half It's half empty or half full if it makes you happy But it's been open many times It has raffers never been taken off the seal of like You're ninging around trying to get the scooper in there because it's it's still pinned On a lot I'm like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and you know that's a small hand doing that that's not a man Yeah, it's gotta be just Yeah, do you know that that's a chick who's leaving that on and not peeling that off Yeah, you told me that I laughed about the three empty's and I remember to like oh And don't forget we don't take the thing all the way up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know that's big I just think that there's gonna there's problems. There's other problems. That's just a surface That's a symptom of deeper issues on the surface. We've had that happen Not a lot, but I've occasionally gone to grab like a bottle of ad vill or something It'll be like right before bad You know, I need to take an ad on my elbow hurts or something and and they just Real tired too you know like real tired get ready to go to sleep Yeah, that a really dog time boom all over the place and then you gotta tell the dogs too No, no, because you don't with a dog There's this production, but thankfully Nobody did it in our house because I know I didn't do it. I was told nobody else did it either So we're good No one's in it. Oh, just come in and just loosen the lids and walk out No, I'm thinking somebody broken your house and did that they were like screw this guy There's unscrewed a couple lids and walked out So he won't need ad vill till nighttime and you'll only have the light on that's above the stove Yeah, the one thing I want to do is pick up 400 vitamin pines off the floor 11 47 Yeah, right exactly feel my heart How much vitamin B can the dog eat Just leave it you go You go back you go back you'll be fine Vitamin knee talk sick to dogs We just leave this for the morning Yes, oh yes, okay. I hope everyone's learning to value the lesson Like you said Scott we got to try to leave everybody with the 20 We love the most 50 on that one. You're welcome So actually there's a couple good takeaways. Yeah, we kind of agreed to not spend money on stuff you can't afford Jack right sort of is there a bit of a consensus here? That would say and then put your lids back on like in poor finish what you started that's like That's like three quarters of a hand job Like it's no good Yes, yeah, just all you had to do is just put the lid back on you know and then everyone would have been fine Not like that's the move. I'm not saying that that's the move You cut the top it's just a twist nothing to do with hand here Wow we're teaching rod's favorite move now It's just it's right Yeah, logic talk all the call to pool stick Yeah, okay, okay, we're done here. I think we're done For those of them that actually made it this far into the episode they get that little jam at the end So remember to like share subscribe comments and Bring the bell There you go. I'm dead. There you go. We drummed it for you Okay, and remember I am mutant calm dusty 20 big round 20 and Scott's patreon for think big body building network And yeah, we appreciate you guys remember it's just body building