I truly believe that you cannot learn this watching a video. You just can't. I'm going to be honest with you. You can watch what we call them in a thousand times. And I did that. I did watch Ronnie Coleman. I did watch Brad Chwaron. I watched pretty much every single MLC video that you can imagine. I've watched them all twice over from a very, very young age. And let me tell you, just watching someone train versus being in the gym, smelling the atmosphere and feeling the energy. Yeah. It's a completely forgotten. What's going on, guys? Welcome back to Think Big Body Building Media. I'm Scott McNeilly. Back again, I am joined by I.P.B. Pro. Kubit. Shell and guys. All of our programming is brought to you by True Nutrition.com. Use our code, think for additional savings on high quality, third party test and supplements from a company that you can trust. If you're out in the UK, you've got to go to Alter Flex. What's Alter Flex? Do you have it again? Where are you at? So, I'm going to. Roger. Roger. That's, I can't say that word very well. It's a very British name. Anyway, we are going to have a lot of fun today, guys. We're talking about basically harnessing intensity and Cuba. This was my request, really. And here's the thing that I see. I see a lot of guys out there, younger guys that are really trying to do the ultimate best they can. They aren't training in Alter Flex with you. They don't see what your intensity looks like. But they are giving their best. And sometimes I see their tops at VACO of set, push pull legs and they're just not going hard enough. And I understand that intensity is something that we build over time. But how can we help people today to build their intensity? This quite a few things that I want to unpack here because it's not just clear back and white because there will be actually a lot of that goes into it, especially that comes to someone's psychology to actually build up the intensity because realistically Scott, everyone has a very different pain threshold. And I think ultimately having the ability to train with all our intensity and train to failure will have to come with high pain thresholds. Yeah. Now, unfortunately, that is not for everyone, right? And we have to accept that. And I think as much as some people want to be able to train extremely hard, I just don't think some people naturally have it in them. Now, that does not mean that they can just accept mediocrity. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying here is it will take time for someone to develop resilience and build up to be able to actually train with such high effort. Now, let me unpack things for you a lot of bit and give you a lot of my background and my story, we're on how I actually learn how to truly train hard and go with all our intensity, right? They're now ready. I want you to pause your in Harrison. So, type in Ian Harrison, but I'll be able to pull him up please if you can. I'm just wants to talk about it now. So you don't know, I actually boxed before training before I bought it, Billion. I was an amateur boxer and I did actually compete. I did have eight fights in amateur's and I did pretty pretty pretty damn well. For me, the hard training was ingrained in me from the coaches that I had from a very effort early age because back in those days, especially, I can actually say that back in those days, I am 29 now. So I can say that back in those days when I was 11, going into that gym, especially the first boxing gym, the coach and his brothers were actually all very well. They're still a very well known family in Rotterdam. They're just hard people, right? And you go in such a gym, you knew you would get pushed extremely hard. So that was somewhat my first exposure to knowing what true effort means and it was simply training and again, I will have it in that a little bit more. From a very young age, I always trained with more developed and older individuals. That was from the start, even when I was boxing. Now, let's go on, what I built in and move onto my first point. My first real training partner, get picture of you in Harrison, please, because my first real training partner was called Tony Mexton. He was a competitive bodybuilder as well and he was the training partner of Ian Harrison who is a British bodybuilder legend. Everybody that knows British bodybuilder especially from the older days will know who Ian Harrison is, tremendous quad development. He actually told both we need and he still managed to rebuild his quad situ and enormous size, his legs were huge. That was actually a belief, done through the training intensity that he had. He was one of the best juniors to come out of UK. He was actually pretty pretty young there probably as well. As you can see, actually you are developed and you see, you look at their physique and you can see that this Giza trained super hard. So, I didn't. His training partner Tony Mexton, he was an absolute savage, a pretty much a cycle back in those days where he came to training. For me, my first exposure at 15, 16 years old was training with Tony and I came to your job Scott. We were trained like Sunday morning every single morning. Yeah. That was a single week, I week. My legs would be so sore, it would hurt to sit down on the Tyler, open till Friday. Yeah, so people may say no, Cuba, well, you, that's too much. We don't need to do that much to grow muscle. I could not call us. I could not call us. If I could go back in time, I would absolutely just not change a single thing because the lessons that I had learned with Tony of pushing myself above and beyond my limits. I will carry them for the rest of my life. Yeah. I could just go, we were trained like Sunday. Monday, it was just a disaster. I couldn't hardly walk. The only day out of the week for a year straight where I could actually have pretty much normal function of my legs or saturday. Every single session and that is no exaggeration. Every single session would be the same. We would follow the old traditional Dorian split training four times per week. And I could not even at that young age, I needed all the recovery ability that I could get because every single session, it was done complete failure, four straps, rest four sets, drop sets, every single set, every single rep. And there was no surrender. And I don't know if I'm back in those days. For the first six months straight, I would get nervous starting from Saturday, knowing what's going to happen on Sunday. And because I had such a high regard and such a high respect and I still do for Tony and the people that was at that gym at that time, it was Bruno's back in the day. And I had such immense respect for those people. And that there was one thing to give me the time of the day. I almost felt like I needed to push myself even harder, not only to impress them, but not to let them down. Yeah. Yeah. That is huge, man. And I have similar stories of learning intensity from other people. People that I looked up to, people that I wanted to, basically, you know, I wanted to them to know, like, hey, you're not wasting your time training with me. I might not necessarily be as strong as this guy, but I sure can show the same level of guts. And you know, talking about this topic of intensity, it's something that is very difficult to explain on a podcast comparatively to actually being in the gym with someone. I just want to say right now, I think this point that you're making, like, learning it from someone else, that if you want this bad enough and that you want to figure out how to train hard, that you'll seek it out, you know, you saw it out. Like, that wasn't something that somebody came back then your door. It was like, hey, I want you to come train with me. You saw that out, just like I saw it out. I'd be willing to drive hours, you know, to get that workout in. I'm not going to be able to do that, you know, every day. But my day off? Yeah. Heck yeah, I will make half the day about driving out to train with somebody who's going to help me up my game because just like you said, that's lessons that I'm going to take with me for the rest of my life. It's not even about that workout. It's about the lessons you take with you moving on from there. Yeah, absolutely. And let me tell you Scott, whether the training was production or I could not care less. Yeah, yes, it could have been better. But it does not matter because they have taught me the level of intensively that is quiet operate across anything that I do for the future. So, my training and the intensity that they applied to the training was the same for life as well. So, the lesson was huge. Obviously, not everybody is going to be privileged to have this same experience as I will with having such a great training partner. And if you're watching this right now and you know that you don't have the option of having a great training partner, this is where I would seek how actively and look for coaches and actually get some in-person training and pay someone to take you for a session. I am pretty sure that there will be a bodybuilding your area that will be happy for you to go and get put through the session with them if you pay them unfortunately. In this day and age, if I don't reach out to someone who is going to do their time for free unfortunately, unless you are willing to be someone's training partner, then that's a different story. But I truly believe that I would not have been able to reach such level of intensity training by myself because nobody has even ever shown me some for that this in person or I never actually understood and realized that I was capable of doing the work. But until I actually did. Somebody else told you, somebody told you, you know what I mean? You thought you were done and somebody told you, Kuba, you have more in you and you blindly listened because you trusted that person and then found out you actually did have more. Yeah, 100% it's not just about the true support. You don't want to let that person down, you've got a lot of respect for them. The problem is that you're going to be the problem with the problem. You want to give you a best and because I was so passionate about training from that age, they saw that and that was willing to invest into me and give their time to me, which again, I will be incredibly grateful for the rest of my life. But I truly believe that you cannot learn this watching a video. You just can't. I'm going to be honest with you. Yeah, you can watch what you call me in a thousand times and I did that. I did watch Ronnie Coleman, I did watch Branch Warren, I watched Pray which every single MOC video that you can imagine, I've watched them all twice over from a very, very young age. Let me tell you, just watching someone train versus being in the gym, smelling the atmosphere and feeling the energy is a completely boggling. When you have someone standing over you and in my case it was a group that was trained and I could feel for you. When you have two guys standing over you telling you to keep going, they're lifting the weight up, they're making you do four traps, they're making you do the drop sets, they're not letting you get off the machine until you get more reps, they're pulling the weight up for you, they're making you hold this entry and then squeeze it down, especially in layers, tensions, I can remember this like was yesterday, and it was hell. But it was just such a great experience because once you learn how to take things up to that level and once you learn how to unlock that gear, it's like riding a bike, you will always know how to tap into that dog inside you. If you can find that dog inside you, it will always be there and it will always be there ready to get let loose whenever you need it to. Yeah, so you don't have the opportunity to train with someone like I did, hire someone, I urge you to do that at least for one session and some people might think, you know what I'm going to learn if you want to session it. Well, no, not when it comes to training and execution, if you know what it's about, if you don't need that, hire someone just to put you through a horrible intense workout and see if they can truly test you without hurting you. Let me just put that to the brackets first because I know that there will be some people out there that will just want to hurt someone and that's just not what we want to be at. Everything that I did Scott was still incredibly safe. They've made me do the extra or it wasn't done with Amy risk of me hurting myself and I and touch what I never actually did hurt myself back in those days, Eva and it was help. So another option that I'm going to throw out there and that's something I heard Matt Jensen actually speak about probably about 10 years ago and a podcast is I won't people to actually get on a spin bike. Put this spin bike onto the hardest setting so it's very, very hard to move and then this is going to require someone's honesty to really be there because if you're not honest with yourself, you're not going to know if you're truly given everything right. Yeah. So what we do get on the spin bike, turn it the spin bike onto the hardest setting and then I want you to drop it to the pedals pedal as hard as you physically come until you cannot turn the pedal any further. And I mean until you literally cannot move your foot any further, no matter what you do. And there's a difference. There's a difference between the burn in the pain and the actual muscle failure because I think that you start we can mistake that feeling that that burn that starts happening where like, oh there's like a lactic acid burn and this is the end because it hurts so bad. You could still move the pedal through that pain and you're not going to hurt yourself and you're not going to tear a quad on an exercise bike, you know. When the pain starts, that is when the set starts in my opinion. Yeah, because in my opinion, when you start to experience that burn in pain, that is when you start to reach or come close to the effective reps that you need. The set is only just by going in my opinion. So you need to lean into that pain and I've definitely seen that so many times as people start to experience that pain and to stop and I think leaning into that pain and learning how to stay locked into that set is going to be super, super beneficial. Now Scott, can you access this to come on there? Absolutely. Yeah. Can you get all my page in on latest please? Yeah, yeah, yeah, give me just a second here. Hey, I want to mention to careful with pounding the the desk, it's echoing into the microphone. I know you're passionate. Oh, sorry. Give me just a second here. I'm pulling this up. All right, let's find Cuba. Let's see, first of all, I'm seeing the sound here. She sounds all pretty awesome. There we go. Give me just a second here. It's not going to be like full screen, but we'll do something like this. There we go. The legness. Like extensions. This one right here. Close that's a fairly point. You're going to want to do everything you want. Power to change out its acution. Yeah. This is one of the most people. I've got a misunderstanding with training and what training hard is or what's in. Right? We don't allow an acution to change the complete more reps. That's a lot harder than just spashing out on a machine and just get more reps. Now the pain you pull had your quads versus the pain in knees. Exactly. That's the whole point. So without saying just now, last one, just the last one. No. As we get deep into the contest prep, you remove those fucking raspberries because they're not spasped, not the other the trade off. Right now, and through the tie, complete the round. Same to force reps, same to rest, set extensions. The seconds you don't have the food intake to support that kind of work gets pulled out. It's all about that. So I put it up to him through the tie. Okay. Cool. That is great. So my whole point getting back on topic here is there's a there's definitely a bit of a skill to train into true failure as well because what you're wondering, you'll notice as well, Scott is when people learn to train nod, the experience the pain that you've mentioned, the second the experience that pain on any, any given exercise that they're doing is what happens then is they start to change their execution to make the movement easier and basically start using all other muscles to continue getting more reps. Yes. And that is completely half the resist and that's the urge you have to fight more to not do because ultimately, let's say you're doing a self-biacepicolored right? You want to take your bicep to complete failure. You don't want to all listen and start throwing your body into it, more body, you listen, or you're meant to, or even your front delk, to start to complete more reps because that kind of defeats the object. So I do think there's a lot to unpack when it comes to learning how to truly train with all that intensity. What for beginners, for people that just need to learn how to train hard, it's not something I even want them to concern themselves about. I literally want them to just go as hard as the physically can and stay reasonably safe in doing so because another conversation that we need to have is this is we don't want someone to go into the gym when they're not experienced and start lifting with crazy intensity and then potential hurt themselves because that's just not going to be productivity anyway, shape up pull. Let me jump in and ask them, then what what qualifies somebody as experienced then when do you reach the point where you can say, okay, now I'm going to try to really push this intensity like Cooper's talking about. That's a great question to go. I think a great question to be honest. Qualifies someone as experienced, I think. Someone that's learnt the basic principles of training. Someone that's actually learnt how to execute movements well with full range of motion, with good quality and they actually know what tempo is. So someone that's got a basic understanding of training and basic understanding of what's happening to their body because one thing you'll notice anyone that first starts training and they're going to the gym, they don't really have any awareness of what's going on, especially if they have no previous athletic experience, they don't really have any awareness of the limbs or even the movement like you see someone doing a squat when they've never done a squat before in their life and it's like watching a giraffe trying falling half right? Yeah, so I think what qualifies someone is learning these movement patterns well and having a basic understanding of training and understanding what tempo is, what range of motion is and what can potentially hurt them and what can't not because if you just tell someone to train as hard as possible and they don't have that awareness, it's so easy, I think for someone to really hurt themselves. Even when the still start enough and they're not really that strong, they can still hurt themselves. If they do something stupid enough and if they do yeah early on I hurt myself a lot in that fashion, you know I'm bench pressing in my basement and on my old waitset that my parents had and the next day on my neck is feeling tight, I pinch something in my trap, I'm not training traps, I'm training chest but I didn't understand how to really how to focus on that target muscle. After you do get to that point where you can push the intensity, I've heard something I really liked from John Meadows, he said that he would let it slide by about 10%, meaning he's going to focus on that pack through the press movement and of course you're not going to just stop once that's completely like you can take it a little further, you can almost cheat it a little bit, you know what I mean and that's kind of what part of that intensity is but once he gets to that point where he feels like we're getting past that 10% of other body parts starting to work in that's where he would call it quits, I liked that a lot. I do that a lot as well, there's also risk-lessive reward ratio that comes alongside of that as well and it depends how much volume you are actually using because what you'll find is for a lot of people like myself having that extra 10% leads me to actually getting pretty smashed pretty quick because if I do every single set and I do give myself leeway for the extra 10% it's just way too much to be able to recover from so it all depends, I think for majority of people that works but then once you start to see what the progress looks like and how you actually feel of the back of that then you have to see if the trade-off is worth it or not for some people I think the trade-off is absolutely worth it taking the extra 10% but for so other people I don't think it is like for example Nick Walker I don't think that extra 10% be a worth trader and it would be both in terms of his recovery and in terms of injury risk as well okay yeah I still think 10% is minimal on say something that that's going to be and I wouldn't do that every set but when we're talking about like hey we're going to failure let's say you do John did you know two warmups eight let's say eight reps with a couple reps and reserve and then one big set that's where I think he was talking about it would be in that one big set I think for me personally I might disagree then because I feel like 10% isn't that much if you're if you're at that level in Nick Walker you're still keeping the majority of it in there it might be that last rapper too so we made differ a little bit there but I see exactly where you're coming from you're digging what you're saying is you're digging yourself further into that hole by being flexible I guess my thought might be that a lot of the audience that are learning to build this intensity and learning to take it further I see them cutting it short just because they're they're like they kind of they reach mechanical failure almost and at that point they're like okay I'm done you know and they just rack it versus trying to give just a little bit more yeah I agree but there's also another way that you feel like is this I I'm a fan of the 10% but it has to be case specific okay I wouldn't allow my I'm a I'm a sentence to be on it's to flipping on a swap button or I have you like press the 10% I would only allow for isolation movements are movements that are much safer and externally right so basically any machines any mostly isolation exercises where you know the risk of injury is extremely small this is where I would even argue four strips can be utilized pretty well I mean there are covering the demand that you are going to get out of a four strip or a tracet of extension a bicycle is very very slim so you have to also get which movements you want to truly take it there and another movement that is how to agree with that. Yeah another movement it comes it's horrible when it comes to pain is a leg extension I mean taking four strips and I mean true four strips on a leg extension is potentially some of the best quality stimulus that you'll get but this is where I don't think the 10% trade-off is worth an improvement like an RDL because if your form breaks down even 5% an RDL this is where you are risking either a hamstring tear or a low abacking driven because it is a big complex movement and another movement where I don't think you would be able to trade-off is for example an inclined dumbbell press or even a hacksquat like these are movements generally where I would not want to see that much of a break down uniform for people that bigger and stronger individuals for someone that's learning how to train hard you're probably not going to hurt yourself for a 10% breakdown but you still have to have to have to settle awareness of what's risking and what isn't and how your body feels in that movement because if you feel something off you probably are better off dumping that way rather than trying to take it and hurt yourself. Does that make sense? I'll go with that yeah I'll go with that let me ask you something you mentioned say the better. What's that? I said well like me to disagree here. No I agree if you I'm I'm on it I wouldn't I wouldn't want to break the form down in a squat. I wouldn't want to break the form down in an RDL so I think that there is some middle ground I wouldn't say that it's a black and white thing but I could definitely see looking at where you could utilize it and not through your entire workout but through through you know like in that the the most important elements actually was going to ask you about four shrubs so I'm going to hold on to that because I had one other one other question then so one of the common questions we get asked by you guys is what would you do differently with your body building if you could go back in time given all the experience and education I have today there's a number of things that I would have done differently one of them is that I would have started using collagen sooner. Collegiate is one of the few supplements will actually rebuild connective tissue. It took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program I use true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef collagen I get the unflavery version I pay for it myself just like you guys do I use 20 grams a day makes it into my coffee it's totally unflavery you don't even taste it plus I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin. Creatin has been shown to improve brain health especially for the aging brain I need that and of course you know we've always know about the muscle building effects so this is my morning routine every day and I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. Use our code thank for savings plus it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard otherwise they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app and not doing what they're doing. We're talking about this high intensity where you are taking things as far as you can now how how does that apply to a workout when we're talking about say you know if you're if you're doing how many sets did you say you do we we talked about this last time on how many chest movements do you or chest exercises how many sets do you end up doing in a push workout? I would probably say six direct sets from a chest that's what I thought now are all six of those actual working sets are all of those taken to this level of failure that we're talking about here. Yeah absolutely there's our single set that I'm leaving tank. There's gonna be sets even recently if my training partner sees that it's a 5050 rap meaning that makes execution still locked in and let me explain the 5050 rap here. So last repetition was a very hard rap the rap speed moved super slow but it still looked like I might have a little bit more in me that's when I'll take another rap and that's gonna be a 5050 rap because I'm not entirely sure if that rap is in there. Now if I take that rap I'm not going to break my form to complete that rap. This is one of the training partners steps in and this is where they will assist me with a false rap if I need one. But let's say for example I've been doing a chest press I wouldn't fail at the bottom and I wouldn't have someone pulling me out of the hole. It would literally be where I'm free quarters through the press and then I hit a lot of sticky point and then I almost stop that's when the training partner jumps in and then give me assistance. But it's actually took me about four years to train Mark to be able to do that effectively without pissing me off. So you will need someone that will be quite skillful up doing the self to be able to catch that and do that effectively. Yeah it takes time to have a good training partner that actually knows how to spot you. All right let me let you take the lead here again. I interrupted it us a little bit and I want to hear what else you have. No that's it that's it. Okay. All right well listen then what about forced rap send? Because you did mention that I thought to be a great way to talk a little bit more about intensity techniques which we have talked about you know on the previous episode but I don't think we directly talked about forced rap. How does that work? So I do think forced rap is an excellent tool to actually learn how to take your sets completely there or even past failure because generally let's say training with someone you know they've got some reps in the tank and potentially the hard moring them it's not exactly forced rap but you put the force in them to do the reps that the generally wouldn't do. Now when you have someone that's a little bit more advanced my preference for forced rap is again on movements that are safer or if someone simply gets stuck I will get on a plus one. Now the use of forced rap if you are training with moderate volume like myself I think the use for forced rap needs to be somewhat limited so personally in an off season for me I like to take one forced rap per session so let's say from training legs. I would even take a forced rap on a leg press if it's safe to do so or a leg extension but to be honest my preference would probably be the leg extension because that is the movement that I find gives me the most pain out of the more it really is horrible especially when you're working like 12 to 15 rap range and then you do forced rap on top it's just another level hurt but back on the topic of learning how to train more intensely I think especially at the beginning of your journey I would sway towards people training with less training volume so less direct sets but more intensity and more intensify so more forced rap or even drop sets to truly lean into the harder training side of things because once someone can harness training to failure training with effective rapes that's when they can actually afford to scale things back and do more sets and keep things a little bit more tame does that make sense absolutely it does yeah show what show false on it yeah I agree with that a hundred percent man I really don't have anything to add I'm pretty much on the exact same page with you there so do you want to move on to our questions? Yes sir we've got quite a few good ones all right yeah and there's one that's kind of a reoccurring theme whenever we've talked about in-depth training stuff there's always going to be the one guy who says something I don't want to put this question up on the screen because he mentions some specific compounds that the algorithm may not like very much and we've done a pretty good job people enjoy the way you've mentioned creatin you know when we're adding creatin back into the plan people have enjoyed that they they know exactly what you're talking about anyway um he says um why does he make it sound so complicated well I don't we just go to the gym train hard as we can with good form eat clean food and take compounds like everybody did back in the 90s you know are we wasting our time here Kuba for an hour at a time on these shows when they could be doing that right so I have absolutely nothing nothing against what you said you could absolutely be doing that but fact of the matter is just that will only take you so far I mean unless you are the one percent genetically you are probably not watching I think big bodybuilding because you are all red getting big you don't need to think about it you don't need the knowledge you are going in the gym you are lifting weights you eat in a little bit of food taking a little bit of creatin on top and you turn into a monster yeah but like to the marries and even work you can with some of the higher genetic threshold individuals just doing that when only get them so far the welcome at time where you will have to think about what you do and you will have to get a little bit more nuance with your training in order to keep getting more out of it it's just inevitable over time you are going to have to find a way to train harder you are going to have to wait find a way to train smarter so you stay in your free you are going to have to find a way to break through a plateau it's just inevitable so if it was just so easy and as simple as he made out I mean we would all look like Jay Kuppler but the fact of the matter is we don't this definitely huge variance on an individual basis as to what kind of response people see from a training stimulus and how much people can actually get away with and what they actually need to do to keep making progress and that's the biggest fun part of training and fun part of bodybuilding in general because you can always find a way to improve your process and get something more out of it and at times that might mean doing less at times you might need to do more it just all depends on the individual right so you know if said person is looking like Jay Kuppler then you know I see no problem keep doing what you do and you probably don't need to over if think about stuff if you are making progress however if you come to a point where you hit ball neck in your progression that's when you pull it and you just stop thinking about what you do again think big yeah I think first of all we do have good pros at listen by the way so there is that we've got you number one there there was a time that you you've talked about this on the show that you had to figure things out to bring up your back I think that isn't a prime example you know even without having developed your back further you had a great physique like you were well beyond what a lot of people will be able to put together so it's not as if you had a crap physique and then you figured things out so you already you already did everything he was talking about right you you ate the food you trained your butt off and you know you took your creatin and you grew a lot of muscle but then you realized you're like hey my back this isn't improving the way everything else is and you and that's where these conversations literally come in where you were able to change that absolutely and held it 100% it's just part of the game you have to you have to find a way to keep moving forward yeah yeah we always get questions like that so you know whatever people you know and if if he's not at that point then I like you said too I'm with you man I encourage him to just keep doing what he's doing how about this so we had a few that were kind of follow up questions so this is follow-ups from the last episode where you talked about matching your training to your food intake and a couple people had some stuff they wanted to ask at what body fat percentage do you recommend to drop the volume or is it when the strength starts going down so personally I only recommend to drop a volume when you start to see a drop off in strength and generally the easiest way to spot that is if you do have a logbook and let's say for an example you've got free work in sets of a cable flight right if you notice that in the last two sessions the third work in set one the drop off in the load that you are able to use and your repetitions is pretty much starting to plummet and you're not really getting much out of that set and you'll feel if that sets productive or not you will know in yourself whether that set was quality or not that is the set that will drop off and that principle I like to use as a whole across your entire session when it comes to volume reduction so it doesn't matter what body fat percentage you are it's more so dictated by your training performance and your logbook ultimately and if you're not using logbook again I'm not going to kill you I'm not going to shoot you don't worry but if you're not using logbook you still need to have an understanding of how these sets feel to be able to adjust your training volume when it's needed and realistically some people don't adjust the volume and instill your fantastic results but in my opinion from experience with myself and clients I believe that adjusts volume when necessary will allow you to stay bigger in prep that's just that's just you know there's something too I think a psychological component to doing something different that I think is exciting you know what I mean I I like that because also too when you change that rep range you're no longer comparing yourself against oh man six months ago when I was all saw stop I was pushing this now I'm only pushing this you know I think there's something even if you were to get slightly weaker just doing something different it kind of disassociation you don't have those same expectations now once you change the exercises change the rep range of stuff like that that's a great point actually it's gotten one thing I want to mention here is I know how much my performance differs on certain lifts when I'm lighter all when I'm heavier so I have a reference point of where I need to be when I'm actually lighter across certain lifts so I somewhat expect that and I can actually work for a previous logbook from previous preps and dia phases to know where I need to be at as well but again that's not for everyone that's just me one thing people need to remember is weight moves weight, lighter you get some movements I'm just going to feel worse and inevitably you even need to change them or just drop the load slightly and accept that you're not going to be able to stay strong at certain lifts but as a whole you need to stay strong yeah you used the bird accept and I you need to accept it I think that's important too I think sometimes people meet themselves with judgment and they start feeling you know they'll have feelings related to their strength and then that's where I think things can get negative you know people start having less fun in a dieting phase you know you want to stay as positive as possible I truly believe that I you want to be happy going for any phase that you go through you don't want to be miserable in any way shape or form because I think prep sometimes for some people especially if they don't you know really like the process that much it can be a miserable process right so you need to try to make it as fun as possible and sometimes if that means you know ditching a lot of book in certain cases then do so you know you've got to do what you need to do to protect your happy bubble in that opinion and agree with that 100 percent all right let's see you got a couple more here how about this one question for Cuba it's very interesting the choice of rep ranges an exercise selection off season in prep is it do you do the same thing when reversing out of a diet backing out of a a compass a comp so coming out of a show I will stay in somewhat safer rep ranges so initially it's not going to be super high rep ranges but I would like to sit between 10 to 15 reps across the board in my opinion that's going to be the rep range that's going to allow me to stay pretty safe and it's going to be a rep range that will allow me to not only use less load but in a fashion it forces you to use less load if you focus on your tempo and obviously spend a little bit of time in the stretch and what have you control the end ranges think about it a set of 12 reps on a hot square for example if you've got good tempo it's probably going to take you around a minute so you are going to be forced to use somewhat lower loads than you have been previously and this is where I prefer to actually introduce some of the heavy loading when I get into a place where I am fully recovered post-show so post-show recovery I tend to try and keep it on somewhat of a safer side where I don't venture into lower at ranges that I know can come with so high load and I'm obviously high risk as well but when you lean you don't really want to be taking the chances or risks yeah hey just quick question you said you know hacksquat might take a minute if you heard a good tempo how would you define a good tempo full control of the eccentric so again that could be a second and a half it doesn't need to be a five second eccentric right but for me you need to have full control of this eccentric and the most important one for me especially in a hacksquat is having control in the bottom of the wrap so what I see often happen is a lot of people come down into that eccentric and then boom they use some elasticity of the joint to change the direction now yes that's exactly that that is what I want to see people avoid like plague because one you are taking quality stimulus off the actual muscle and two you're kind of using your joints to change the direction and you're using momentum to change the direction now one thing there is to say back in the days momentum kills gains and I think toy degree that's probably not that true but what momentum will do is probably put you a little bit more of a risk of an injury and in my opinion if you can spend a little bit more time in that position where the movement is hardest you are going to get more from it absolutely I see it in one exercise I've witnessed it in a lot recently is the dumbbell row that somebody can use a lot more weight on that dumbbell row if they get they get kind of like a good rhythm and up down it's kind of and I just trained back yesterday and I was feeling that out for myself because I broken myself with that habit you know for every action there's an equal in opposite reaction right so as we're coming down if you don't give enough time to dissipate that energy from the negative then of course it's going to this scots Stevenson's talked about a tonne and muscle minds you know there's going to be that elastic response that's going to happen I like to I like to almost imagine like like I almost cushion it down into the whole same with the hacks why I have the most control like you said it's going to be right in that bottom I want it to I almost want it to feel like it's like like a space shuttle landing or something you know what I mean and to like a soft spring imagine like a cocking up a spring right yeah so it's coming down quite fast and as you get deeper you slow it down even more gets harder gets harder pause and then boom explode yeah that one step one thing I see coming mistake with that the moment as well is people are overly cautious and almost slow on the concentric portion of the wrap now when you get to point when you are using a lot of load that concentric is going to be slow anyway but you need to focus on being as powerful into that concentric as possible that is the portion of the wrap where you want all our effort and intensity whether you're pressing or doing any movement I think if you try and be slow in a concentric I think you're actually probably creating less quality stimulus in my opinion I'm so happy to hear you say that Ron Dusty and I talked about the exact same thing and here's what people are seeing they see the way Nick Walker Trees Nick Walker has a very slow controlled concentric and eccentric and they're judging it off of that it works for Nick you know works for Nick what's that right Scott there's a reason why Nick has a slow concentric right what's that he's pressing 140 pound dumbbells right yeah if you're all 80 pound dumbbells 90 pound dumbbells your dumbbells you are putting all the effort in seconds centric they are going to move a lot faster than Nick's 140 pound dumbbells yeah yeah there's an amount of you can you can feel the weight get away from you you know what I mean you could feel that weight get away from you if you in other place I've seen it is I've had people do a hard squeeze at the bottom of a seated hamstring curl and they're bringing it down they're bringing it down aggressively they get it down to the bottom and it bounces back up before they catch it they can't stop it directly at the bottom there's got to be that little bounce back first and that's that centrifugal force you know what I mean that you bring it down you can't just and if you just slow it down a hair still driving as hard as you can but you just slow it down a hair then you're keeping it in the muscle you know all the way down and you can bring that right down to the bottom and stop it without getting the bounce back and I had a couple clients recently I said hey try that you know try to not let that little it's it's a minuscule thing and it's not like you're not going to grow if you if you don't do this right but just that little change of not letting it get that little bounce back at the bottom before they catch it it made all the difference in the world they said oh my god my hands are fried plus you know what too a lot of this stuff kuba we're able to not go quite as heavy like that dumbbell row you know you said you know the elasticity elastic response could it cause an injury what about like using heavier weights than you need you know there's a certain point that I think the weight starts to get scary the heavier the weight I'm using the more risk I'm taking if instead of getting a arithmetic bounce out of the bottom and my dumbbell row with a 150 hey maybe I could use a 120 and and cushion it into the bottom and give it a slight pause and get just as much if not more out of it you know I completely agree you're a point about the hamstring curl it's something that I am a massive fan of I'm not going to lie so I'm so happy actually I mentioned that if you don't have the ability to complete that wrap and fully stop in that deep range when your hamstrings are fully contracted you simply use it too much load you are it's just like do it's quite exactly like doing a bicycle going here and then bouncing back and then coming back up on you it's just not you're not going to get the same benefits in that opinion you're not using more load so I would argue less load but having the ability to have that control in that deep range you are going to get more from that yeah yeah yeah I like that I'm glad we're on the same page you have your mess around with with your upper body in the hamstring curl because I've done some stuff in it it was Shelby who had shown me this leading forward at times holding onto the handles and then you get even a deeper stretch I like occasionally I'll do I'll rotate sometimes I'll do that for maybe six weeks and then I'll go back to sitting back but if I'm leaning forward you get a much deeper stretch because your body is basically folded in half I'm not I'm not completely swollen that to be honest I think it might actually be sensation but it depends one thing I'm a final there right is this and that's regardless of what any biomechanics geek say if something feels better for you and you find a way to do an exercise and turn it into even more of a painful exercise and you feel like you can get more out of it then I think you should go ahead and do it yeah regardless of what people say yeah I like that so it's something that I probably wouldn't do because I know it wouldn't work for me but if it works for you absolutely go for it man if it helps me you know it's all good I think if it helps you develop even more of a sensation you hamstring which I think a lot of people can lack yeah I think you should go ahead and do that and then afterwards if you feel like that sensation that was not needed and you feel like the position you're in is almost limiting your lower exposure go about the strongest position and then build up your progression from that so one thing I really really want people to understand is there's no rules to training no matter what the most educated people say in this field there's no rules to it if there was rules to it there would not be outliers like Ronnie Coleman that you know trained everything twice per week and looked away he did you know because for me immortals doing that they would just look like a bag of bones yeah so it's a it's a point that I really want to get across to people it's like I try and put out a lot of helpful stuff and like you do here with this channel I think a lot of people almost get paralyzed to a degree yeah overload information I think a lot of people get paralyzed and scared to do certain things in case certain educators do not agree with it and look if someone does agree with it so what anyway can have an opinion right it doesn't mean that you know it should hold away so you know just do your think and if it feels bad for you go ahead and do it as long as you don't hurt yourself that's my most important thing right yeah yeah I'd agree with that 100% with that hamstring curl you're absolutely right I used that to get that to feel the engagement at the you know the I guess it would be the top of the rep because I hamstrings were lacking for me and by getting a good stretch in the muscle and then activating from the stretch number one it does make it harder you know trying to activate from a deep stretch it's it's like a precarious position but I do believe it's safe though and it's something that I you know you hear people say you know they I want a new plan I want a new plan and the comeback is often I've been doing the same you'll get the huge body builder it's because I've been doing the same plan for five years you know but for me that variation will be I've done more or less the same plan for a long time but that said there's variations within it so I might set that up and say okay this is what I'm going to do for right now I'm going to sit back in the exercise and then later in the year you know I say I did that for eight weeks or whatever and I want to change it up now I'm going to lean forward again and I'll try that out and do a run with that for a while you know yeah mate I love that point because I have followed the same train in structure and similar movement patterns for it in which for the last three or four years and this is what I have made the most progress but there's no nuance within it right there's there's small changes that are happening like you've talked about all throughout the year yeah small changes to execution small changes to certain movements but as a whole the program looks very similar like comparing my program now to what it was in 2021 I'm probably doing a little bit less volume but the program is a whole is pretty much the same yeah that's why I'm with you 100% I'm glad to hear it in fact I'm getting pumped up man because I'm training some legs today so I can't wait to get on that hamstring curl let me see it all forgot here because I know we had a couple more people are really loving the show by the way and also two before we laughed I want to ask you about where you're at with with your your contest season right now let's jump to this one so this is going to be off topic from everything else he says uh could you guys talk about stretching like uh when to do it what do you want to focus on and how much so I'm just vlogging the school YouTube so I'm just going to get it because quick and look clip it what's up so Scott hello ha ha what's going on Cuba YouTube this is like the it was an inception that fell with you know the coffee yeah and then and then I'm going to share that you know after you post it so it's just going to be like a mirror looking into a mirror you know what I mean if you don't know I am on fake fake channel I mean a podcast with Scott twice twice someone from that into that twice a month yeah I'm very much love it so I'm going to get back to it and I'll fill you in after on what with Cuba yeah thanks Cuba back up the question where I'm out what am I all I'll cover in the question of stress question I'm stretching and then before we left I wanted to know because everybody's going to want to know where you're at with your contest prep right now but yeah so the question was stretching what do you guys think about it like when to do it and what do you focus on and how much I'm not going to let Scott um and I'm going to not a fan of stretching at all really I am more of a fan of it's not really stretching because it's actual movement so I'll give you an example a lot of people stretch before like training and I don't actually do any stretching before like training but what I do is some active drills so generally I'll do a re-affirming of it and split Scott and last time doing the split Scott I actually pause mid-range so I'll start the very top I'll come down I'll take a pause I'll come down I'll take a pause again then I'll fold depth in the stretch I will spend some time in that stretch and then drive up I will do around 10 reps on each leg and then I will move on to a walk in lunge five to 10 reps on each leg and I'm ready to train yeah so for me I think stretching is literally what you should be doing in training when you are training with full range of motion like that if you have not if you have got a well programmed training plan that should cover all your mobility needs and stretching because there's no better stretch than getting a dumbbell and taking it through full range of motion taking a pause in the stretch and then driving through there's no better stretch than hitting full depth on a leg press on a hot squat or a lunge right you're not going to get any more stretch than that man so in my opinion what you should focus on is full range of motion and good execution will be training I had such a hard time with that full range of motion on chest I was doing kind of half reps for a long time I guess where I bring it down to like you know elbows at L L you know upper arm was parallel to the floor kind of thing and it wasn't until and I'd go a little bit deeper than that but I always had shoulder issues and and I found that if I went real deep that that bicep tendon up in the front doubt would just scream at me it wasn't until we hit the pandemic that I actually said like my chest didn't suffer like my chest was still okay you know but it was in the pandemic that I only had initially my little at home bench and my dumbbells that I bought when I was 15 with my my my after work my after job excuse me after school job bunny and and I I started doing like 40 reps sets 50 reps sets because it's all I had guess what I could take it all the way down and then I rebuilt it from there as I got heavier dumbbells and I kept that range of motion for a guide that's doing let's say he's pressing the 110s and he's not getting that full range now I don't think either of us are going to tell him you need to just jump in there with the one tens and drop it down right how would how would he approach it because in my opinion it took humility for me and it took backing way down on the way to work on that range you know in my opinion half the solid ego I had to do it at your most times because I always took pride in being quite strong and when the time came to really focus it on true true full range of motion across certain movements I really needed to solve a pride so I do think sometimes you just need to swallow your pride and you know accept that you are going to lift less load put with more range and I think less load more engine motion not only safer but I think you just get more from it I think a lot of people that use a very short range of motion they're not really challenging the muscle in the stretch and again there's new research that suggests you know stretch me yet how perched we all is balanced right we knew this for years like we've been doing this for so many years it's nothing new that we don't know right we know that the biggest bank for you got that biggest bank for you booked that you get out of any exercise is always in the deep stretch because it's the hardest to agree and to me it feels the best like when I go into a stretch on my chest across a peck fly or a press that is what I feel like I get the most out of my peck's yeah I'm not sure what you're saying yeah oh I agree with you you know john medows always had a stretch component to his training so there was the the warm up exercise making sure that all the like the connective tissues all the muscles everything's feeling good then you're heavy meat and potatoes exercise then you're volumizing exercise like just trying to get as much blood into that muscle as possible follow it followed by a stretch or there might be a combination but that stretch might be like a dumbbell pullover for instance some type of pullover movement where he's getting a stretch so there's that I believe in that stuff and then I also which would be stretching within the workout and then the other thing I have believed in and I'm not good at it I'll be completely honest is the DC stretching so I don't stretch after before my workout but I am a fan and I do believe there is something to like the heavy loaded DC stretches I'll be honest I haven't done it a lot myself though I'll be honest I actually do these these stretches after my push and pull yeah okay if you go on YouTube as I just have some very good to mention so generally after a pull session I will hang on a bar straight bar yes I will put the stack up and I will hang for a minute and a half after pull and then I will actually hang on a dip in the stretch position for a minute and a half after a push days and that just opens everything up and it the amount of blood that I get in some muscle with doing so is huge so whether it has any benefits or not I don't really care because I do it because it feels good and secondly it also exposes me especially in a dip into a very deep stretch it exposes me to range of motion that's deeper than any press that I do with my body weight as well and that means for me that if I can stay in that stretch holding my own body weight the likelihood of me getting hurt on the load is going to slim yeah yeah I'm a fan Scott Stevenson would tell you that it will make a difference you know we we had talked about it on the show before the science behind it it shows that it is it is going to be beneficial but but you figured that out for yourself so you didn't need to know that all right got one more question it's my question for you and really the audience wants to know too so how far are you from your show and how are things going where you at tell us all about it so I am currently at 11 weeks and three days out from a show I am leaning now then it was at six weeks out last time and my body weight is 248 pounds now comparing my pictures now versus when I was pretty much at six weeks out in the same sort of condition I was probably about 235 to 36 okay so I'm leaning out and all the 10 pounds up as well what are you going to be further just taking time away from the stage to be honest Scott I think the way I structured my push-up and I think the first push it was no as productive one I should have probably prepared to have that the post shell face for me and the push-up that I did was was tremendous because I really taught my time I didn't go hard on the food and I really protected my appetite meaning that I spent a 30 two weeks in a surplus and my appetite didn't die my appetite was still high okay and the body fat a corals actually quite small as well so I do think that the biggest error that people make is rushing their body weight up and I think they all repeat themselves and just go too hard on sheet meals in my opinion I think that is where people lose the sensitivity and I think there's a massive correlation between your body fat levels your instances and the appetite I kid you're not Scott you can ask my life to can ask your I was eating 950g of carbs per day I was still caught watching a meals really yeah I would couldn't ask for my wife man I would eat a meal and for a minute's later I would be starving but let me tell you one thing Scott it was probably the hardest thing I had to do because for the first 10 weeks post show I was actually home rear then I wasn't prep yeah I believe it so if you can I don't listen to this if you can handle that and if you can take time and be patient you will make the most pro ever have to because your body is just so responsive and the instance that you so high you're training progression will be incredible and more importantly my health mark is my health in general is never been as good and I really attribute that to towards the diet with the fruit the veg and simply just not eating any garbage to be honest and the way I feel both physically and mentally and have felt it's been the best to be honest and I definitely attribute that to more so the diet practice 100% and you know keep in myself away from all the feeding all the stuff in myself and my fruit choices as well I haven't really rarely a off plan to be honest and if it was it would always be something like sushi and I actually massive shout out to Edo in the chef field rocco the sushi chef actually makes me a special dish called Kubadish and he actually weighs me the fish y'all the rice done so I know exactly what I'm having a single time love amazing boy that's cool man it's good I call that learning that's what I call that you know I call that learning you're improving you're getting better and that what more can you ask for in bodybuilding like that's the goal right there is to do better this year then you had in the past years otherwise if you're just doing the same thing it almost gets to be like well what's the point anymore you know what I mean listen scoff me it's literally about self development it's all about getting better yeah I know I'm never going to be still in here and I've accepted that right but why also know is I gain a tremendous sort of a tremendous amount of satisfaction from going through the process and I simply love the process of bodybuilding right yeah so for me it's literally all about self development if I can be 5% per year on year I'll take that and I'm happy God this is what I've placed and what happens yeah I feel the same way man and we can all do that you know I our our situations are always different my situation is different today then it was 10 years ago but it doesn't mean that I can't still work to be the best that I can today and work on self development you know it's at the end of the day that's that's really what it's about and if you can have that in your heart then really the placings don't even matter you know that's just it's part of the experience doing the show but the the real experience is happening now you know I also think you'll be much happy in doing so because you know there's no pressure apart from the only pressure is you be the best version of you right there's nothing else that matters me it really doesn't matter I mean I'm very secure in what I do I've got a lot of things going on my life that you know are great but more importantly I can very much enjoy my bodybuilding with no added pressure or stress because ultimately I don't compare myself to anyone else it's just me and it's all about my process and nothing else is really relevant yeah I love that man I love that well thank you Cuba for coming back on sharing your positivity sharing your insights but also sharing your positivity because I think that's what a lot of people connect to is not only the deep insights that you've shared but but the the attitude that you bring you know and I think that the world we need more of that you know that's that's what we all need is to kind of focus on those positive things and how to better ourselves you know versus going down those there's darker roads because bodybuilding could be the complete opposite if you let it you know Scott bodybuilding has given me the last outlive now and the lack that I really love so I all lots of bodybuilding so anyway I can make a little bit more positive I think people showed because to me it gives me so much fulfillment and I only wish that other people would experience the same fate I feel the exact same way man I want people to have their own version of my experience you know all right guys and yes thank you Scott oh yeah doing this is this is absolutely my pleasure as much as you know it's great to do it for the channel but it gives me an opportunity to be like hey let me talk to Cuba from literally around the world and just shoot the crap about training for an hour man I you don't have to thank me this is my pleasure if uh Dr. Scott quick shower as well oh yeah yeah be your bodybuilding coach be why obccoch dot com also going to Amazon to get the hard cover it's like the foot it's like the foot time we need it I read everything from do you really that's fantastic man yeah I always read a lot of crap so anything you want to plug or shout out anything before we went anything going on all good all good all good all right cool well definitely guys follow Cuba I'm gonna have the link for both his YouTube and for Instagram I'm sure you're probably already following him though and and thank you guys for watching thank you thank you to our Patreon subscribers we should put this out there too we didn't have a training critique today so guys if you have a training critique let me know comment and and I'll reach back out to you guys can hit me up on email and send it over we'll figure it out and of course thank you to true nutrition dot com get all your supplements that you need over there especially for you guys in the US use our code think and of course supplement source dot c a for Canadians great deals that change week to week in patreon you guys are freaking the best I appreciate you guys for not we just still don't have a name I was about to say for another episode of Cuba talks training I don't know I mean I think what I'm building that's the name so we'll just we'll just have to a little bit of a spit off you know that sounds good to me all right guys we'll see you soon thanks Cuba thank you all right cool that was great man it was really good