You know, when people talk about all these pre-workout products, all these expensive pre-workout drinks and stuff that they take, I would rather do 10 milligrams of Seattle's over any of the different Aminos and whatnot. That some water and some sodium to me is much more important than any of the pre-workout products on the mix. Because I mean, everyone knows when you get a great pump and you've been taking Seattle and you're in conteshape, it's like your shoulders are just 20% bigger. Everything is bursting, you know? I mean, because it does what it does. It's a PD-5 inhibitor, it increases cyclic GMP and it causes it basically makes nitrogen oxide easier and relaxes smooth muscle tissue. What's going on guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach Skip Hill, Andrew Barry myself, Scott McNeely and all of our programming is brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys for your support over at Patreon. We try to take as many questions as we can from over there and we've got a bunch of those today. We have questions from the YouTube page. If you guys want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment below, plus comments like all that stuff. It helps to boost our programming and hey, if you're new here, let me encourage you to subscribe and ring the bell. We have several bodybuilding podcasts that come out each week. Guys, I wanted to get this thing rolling. We've got a bunch of listener questions to handle. I wanted to Andrew and I are going head to head. I don't think it's going to be that dramatic about continuous glucose monitors. I just got one this past week. I think I'm like four days in now. But Andrew, you said you said in text, you don't, you're not a fan. Why? I didn't want to ask you in text. I was like, I'm just going to wait. I want to know, I want to hear it when we talk. Well, what is it telling you right now for your blood number? Well, right now, my phone is upstairs. I forgot it upstairs so I can't tell you. So you have a continuous glucose monitor, but your phone isn't at the ready, so I don't know. Let me go tracking. I procrastinated. Yeah. I prefer blood sugar monitors. The old fashioned fingers, you know, finger prick. Get a little drop of blood and test it. Why? Because it tells you what your blood sugar is right now. Whereas the CGMs or continuous glucose monitors for skip here, they tell you what your blood sugar would have been like 15 to 20 minutes ago. So there's a lag there because the CGMs, they're not testing your blood. They're testing the interstitial space. They're basically testing the glucose content, your fat cells, right? So let's say you got a client who's like, you know, man, I'm feeling really high-bore right now. Because you enter their prep and maybe their blood sugar is falling to 60, but their monitor might be telling them to their still at 80. So they're like, oh, I'm not so bad. I don't need to eat something, right? Yeah. But then they continue to get deeper and deeper in the hole. Their blood sugar finally gets down to 40. Then their monitor starts beeping and saying, oh, shoot, you're at 60 now. It's that lag time that I don't like personally. Other reasons, you know, they're irritating for a lot of people to have to wear them, especially those that exercise and sweat a lot, which is our population. I feel it. I feel it. In fact, I'll bust it out here. So I was kind of nervous. This is the device here. So you just take this little thing. It's got the little screw cap on it. Pop that off, stick it, you know, here and then bang. Pop it in and then there's like a little sticker. This is the backing to the sticker here. And now, this is continually, see, look, my microphone. This is continually monitoring my blood glucose. Okay, so I'm not going to blow it down. Not your blood glucose. Not your blood glucose though. That's the thing. What do you mean? It's not going to tell me. It's not going to give me my BG reading. No, I just told you. So it's testing the sugar content in an interstitial space. It's because it doesn't actually go into your bloodstream. Whereas a blood sugar monitor, you're actually squeezing a drop of blood out. It's testing the sugar content in your blood. But you're getting the reading, though. You're getting a reading, yes. So here's my thought. Number one, I hate pricking my finger. But number two, you can get, like, I think it's amazing, man. You can get a continual reading. So here's why I got it. I noticed that mid-Aft, so first of all, I've gone hypon all my life. You guys both know that Andrew, you've called it. You've been like dean of sweating. You know, you want to hypon aren't you? And I'm like, yeah, it starts stuffing a protein bar in my mouth or, you know, crackers or something. So I figured after all this time, my doctor, I went to my doctor. And I talked to her about it. And she was like, yeah, I give you this one for free. So I paid nothing for it. If you go to Amazon, they're like a couple hundred bucks now. And it's going to work anywhere from seven days to 14 days. And it's going to give me a nonstop reading all through that time. Every time I eat, I'm logging what I'm eating along with it. It's measuring my blood sugar while I'm asleep. Like constantly, all this is going on. If anything gets weird, I can look back at that. And I'm getting just so much data. It's not something that I would say like, oh, because I grew to you, Andrew, I wouldn't say like, hey, this is what we want to do nonstop, but moving forward. But to be able to see how is my body responding? It's, it's amazing, man. I don't know why somebody wouldn't want that much information. You know, I've been experimenting like, okay, I'll have oatmeal for breakfast. Okay, I'll have creamer ice for breakfast. I'll have bread for breakfast. And then my protein, then the car, or excuse me, a protein's in faster or the same. And so each day, I'm watching how does this change, how does different carbs affect me. So it's been pretty cool when I go hypoman, I'm actually seeing, yeah, I'm actually going hypoman. I'm seeing, I'm dropping down to like 60, 50. I'll get it, I'll start, you'll get like a warning that, you know, this is in 25 minutes. You're going to be in like a danger zone or whatever. So anyway, I find it fascinating. And now moving forward, like whatever, you know, a week from now or a month from now when I don't have it, I don't anymore. I'm going to have had all that information to be able to look back at this and see like what my body does, you know, in like, I have a better understanding of like the moment to moment. Now, sure, you could like prick your finger every 10 minutes through the day, but that'd be a pain in the butt to get this much information. You know what I mean? Let me, can I interject? Cause I don't understand, well, I'm going to be honest, completely transparent. I don't know much about CGMs. I didn't even know what the acronym was. And that's why I asked you guys what it was. I'm like, oh, okay, that's what it is. How is it that you can prick your finger and get an accurate read of your blood sugar level? Maybe I just don't understand the CGM and how it's working, but if there's a constant, there's a needle in your arm. So it doesn't go into your bloodstream though. It goes into the inner-stitial space, like basically your fat cells, right? So it's like 20, it's a 20, it's a 20-y over. It's a 20-y over. Cause eventually, a certain amount of blood sugar is going to get into the peripheral and inner-stitial space. So that's why I mentioned there's like a 15 to 20 minute lag in terms of the data that it's given you. That's what I'm saying. So I'll give you another reason. I often try to, or I use this CGM with the hell's the difference, but okay, I get what you're saying now. And it's not in this question, cause I legit just don't know that much about it. And for the reasons that Andrew said, because to me, I just like, when you showed me your arm, I'm just got him like, how are you doing overhead try some extensions? I train, I train darms yesterday. It's a tiny, it's a tiny little needle. You don't even feel it. Like I did it first the first day, it was weird. And I talked to a couple diabetics that use them. And so I felt kind of weirded out by it. And I even felt like a little bit nervous. I'm like, I think I'm thinking gear shots. Like with big old, you know, one and a half inch surges, you know, for decades, 15 years, probably longer than 20 years. But why am I feeling this way? But then once you pop it on, like you don't feel it, there's nothing to it. The first day, like I said, it was, yeah, you get used to it. The first day, it was kind of weird. But there's nothing to it. You wouldn't even know it's there now. Okay, there's one more thing though that you guys wouldn't consider, but I would. Tim, mine. Tannin. Not, not, not, not, not, not, not. I knew you were going to go with a tin. Oh my god, you're not going to happen. Yeah, my thought is just that, like, to have all this information to know, you know, how is my body, like what's really been cool is to see what happens when I sleep. You know, because you can wake up and get your fasted levels and sometimes then you get like that Donphanam and things start climbing the longer you've been fasted. And we know that like one reading isn't, you know, it, one reading is just a picture. It one picture in time. But the more information we have, the more that fills that out. So being able to just kind of go back, I'm going to look at like two weeks of what my body's done, what I've eaten, I can track your activity too between like, like cardio. You know, I'll do cardio. And I'll be like, okay, let's see what happens here. I'm going to do just 20 minutes of walking, you know, and see what happens or half hour walk outside. And it's just, it's cool. It's really cool. And I wish, honestly, if I could have had this 20 year sooner, I think that it would have fasted track to me with knowing how to get into shape. I'll be completely, I'll be that, I'll say it's that, it's that great, honestly. I think in behind 110%. There's a rabbit hole here. I just don't know if you guys want to go down it. What's that? Which one? Incelin and getting lean, what? Incelin levels and getting lean, what about using exogenous insulin every day? Using it for high carb days or anything else and getting lean. And I just, if you want to go down the rabbit hole, go for it. But I mean, checking the effects, check checking effects of the addition of exogenous insulin, say, one to two days a week, that kind of thing. I'm just saying, I think what happens is, we're on this, you guys may not be, but I don't know exactly where you stand on it. But there's a lot of people who think that Incelin is this giant obstacle in hurdle that, and not get lean. And I'm taking a lot of Incelin. And I'm getting lean as, oh, you know, my stance, I mean, I've used Incelin straight through every single prep. Like I just start going on, and it usually until I start prep, you know, and I just, I am blown away by how many people. And this isn't a shot in anybody because clearly we all have different approaches. We have different methods. But I'm really, like this to me is a very antiquated approach. And it's what it is surprising to basically say or think that in use of Incelin, especially during a prep, or any cut face, or that matter, dramatic cut face, like you want to get peeled. So we'll call it a prep phase. It's just this giant hurdle that is going to get in the way if you're doing that, it's kind of, kind of mind blowing. I have a hard time wrapping my brain around it. Which because people look at the definition or the actions of Incelin when they look it up, Incelin storage form. And they see like it negates the effects of say hormone sensitive lipase in that instant. Or it's the same thing as saying, well, you can't grow muscle during a cut. They're during any type of deficit whatsoever. Well, we all know you can because if you structure things properly, you can have times of fat loss during a day and you can have times of anaballism during the day. So yeah, I think, yeah, you're right. It's an antiquated thing that any use in any type of Incelin, during a contest prep, or during a cut phase, it's not going to work. But I think there's a lot more coaches today. Actually, I'll credit younger coaches with having more of the mindset to experiment with Incelin. And I think it's a lot of it comes from, I'll actually I'll give credit to John Meadows for putting stuff out about it and for talking about his use with it, as well as a lot of his clients, using it during their contest prep. So I think the attitude is changed, or the dogmatic, oh, Incelin fat gain. That's out the window now. You know what? It changed my blood sugar the most. And I was surprised by this was an apple. I would, I mean, apple, like you're thinking, okay, yeah, there's some carbs in there. But like I was surprised, it took me up. And it's weird, because I'm finding that I'm not I'm not super responsive to Incelin, it seems. I might actually have some health stuff going on, and that's one of the reasons I wanted to get this checked out. I'm not gonna like read into it too much more because after this, then we're gonna get some, I'm gonna get blood worked on. I wanna check like my fasted Incelin stuff like that. And I haven't seen my A1C in a while either. But I was surprised to see what an apple does. And then I was surprised to see like what happens through the night, like you can just kind of track it all along. So I think that, no, Andrew, I'm with you that I wouldn't say it's a replacement, but there's so much information to have. For like 200 bucks, if you can get one for 200 bucks, man, it's like moving forward. It's just, it's cool to have data. The opposite of that is, too much data. Yeah, yeah, the opposite of that is that like, you can really figure out a lot without knowing anything if that makes sense. You know, that's fine because I was thinking the same thing. If you're really new to, especially taking your blood sugar levels and you see it as this huge inconvenience, and I gotta do this, I, it is a pretty easy fix. There are pretty easy way to gain a lot of information early in try to learn relatively quickly. But it motivates you good point, too. It's not really in the moment, but I think you can give you a lot of information. I'm torn on this one. I can't really, you know how I love to pick sides, but I can't on this one. I see the pros and the cons on both sides. Well, you can absolutely use both. I'm not going to go in it. Yeah. And that's what they encourage you to do. Like diabetes don't just rely on one, you know? Right. Well, I'm just thinking, okay, so I have a client and we're checking blood sugar, particularly over the final week, where we're loaded on them, right? Because I don't want to add another meal, or car content to the next meal, until I see that their blood sugar has cleared, right? You can't have a wanna compound. So I'm not gonna rely on a continuous glucose monitor. I wanna find out what's happening in that moment, because if we wanted to eat two and a half hours after that last meal, okay, let's test it now, or you're still a little high, let's give it a few more minutes, or let's shoot a little insulin, and we'll go from there and test again in 25 minutes and see if it works. That's kind of where I'm coming from from the application thing. I don't think getting more information, especially in an off-season setting is a bad idea. And seeing how different carbohydrates react, I was gonna say the apple being more of a fructose content sugar that you might have an issue with fructose versus sucrose. So that's something to look at. Yeah, that's something for you to pay attention to. And I would experiment with other high fructose content, and maybe I can't remember what fruit has a higher fructose content than apples. I think apples is up there on like 35, 36%. Okay, by carbohydrate content. But I think there's some that are like in that 45, 45, 50. So maybe play with those and see if you also have issues. Yeah, it'd be interesting. I still hopefully I'll have another, at least hopefully another week. You can get like supposedly up to 20 days, more like 10 to 14 is usually what works before it stops working. With them, yeah, why is it stopped working? Does it change? Does it change? I think that the needle eventually stops sending data. It just like it. You could get another one over there. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But then it would be like, you know, basically our goal here is just to see as much information as we can while I have it, you know. Oh, okay. Take that information and apply it moving forward. Yeah. So that's why I said there were about $2,000 a year. And you were like, no, they're $200. Because people to have diabetes and that are being prescribed these things to wear, they're costing somewhere around $2,000 all in for them, even with insurance. So I'm thinking, well, why wouldn't you just keep pricking yourself for seven, you know, six, seven, eight times a day for a 25 cent strip or whatever, that's where I was going but the cost thing. I see what you're saying. Yeah. But one more thing about what Skip said about, you know, the insulin, using insulin, during perhaps I think people get confused about stuff. The most important thing is to be insulin sensitive throughout your product, right? Like you don't want to start someone in prep without insulin sensitivity because you're spending the first four weeks fixing that, you can go in. So I think that's where we could definitely use these CGMs. We can use, you know, the home IR calculation. We can use your A1C, those types of things. I think you need to be in a good state in terms of your insulin sensitivity to burn fat. But you can absolutely use insulin on top of that. It's cool, though. I'm having fun. Like it's exciting because I like in and I've been watching to like I'm just paying super close attention how I feel. And then if I'm not feeling great, then I'll be like, well, hey, what's going on right now with the blood sugar? Let's see what's going on with that. You know what I mean? It's one more piece of information. Before that, I'd look at my watch and I'd be like, okay, well, what's my heart rate right now? Then what's my go take my blood pressure? See, my blood pressure is I'm just trying to get to the root of some stuff here, you know? And really try to understand my body. So I'm freaking pumped to man. And if any of my clients wanted to get one, I'm all for it if it's not going to be overly cost-burdening. Some people I know, man, they what I've heard is that the biohecker crew there about like running at 24, 7, 365. That's what I was thinking now. And that I think all three of us would be against. I wouldn't necessarily be against it if you're doing, like I remember skip used to do tons of experiments back in the intense muscle days with different foods or different diets. And you'd have like test groups, you take on, I think like 10 clients and I don't know if you did like a reduced rate with them and you're like, you gotta do exactly what I say. We're doing a very, I'm not coaching you the same way. I would normally go to other people and I'm trying experiments out on you. And they would sign up for it, which I thought was freaking awesome. So what I was thinking was, okay, doing experiments up, okay, now we're gonna try these types of fatty acids with these meals. We're gonna manipulate fat content. With keep carbohydrates and proteins the same and see what that does. And then maybe manipulate proteins, right? And those are the things that I'm trying to do. But on a shorter period, when I say the 365 thing, I'm thinking more like, okay, so I'm gonna do fitness that means I have to have my gym and I have to have my watcher. And then I also need to get a ring in case my watch isn't accurate. And then I gotta get my glucose monitor. You know what I mean? These are not pretty requisites, I think is what my point is. Can I ask you guys about C. Ellis, C. Ellis in bodybuilding? I wanted to get your takes. We've talked about it before. I feel like there's been like 2010. We talked about it back then a lot and there's been a resurgence. I think a David, I talked about this earlier in the week. There's been a resurgence with the T or T companies. They put you on the T or T. The next thing you know, they wanna optimize your growth hormone levels with the secretive gag. And then the next thing they know is, like you could use a little C. Ellis too on top of that. And it's just one after the next day after the next of the drugs, they're prescribing to you all for profit, by the way. Notice we're buying a get an T or T sponsor. Me talking more. But we're not necessarily saying that the stuff doesn't work. We're just saying they're trying to find every avenue they can to improve your physical, sexual and mental functioning. And so we're in the bathroom. There's a third margin depending on how you look at it. Yeah, and there's different, yeah, the other reasons too. So besides the obvious, the sexual side was C. Ellis. Can you guys talk a little bit about your experience as personally or with people that you've known? And maybe even like going to like historically what we've done with it in bodybuilding? Well, I'll start with the fact that the main reason I take it is because that's not my phone. That was my cock. I'm just kidding. That's what I'm saying. I think I need to get everybody's attention. The real reason that I took it or started taking it was because I had heard about the blood pressure issues. And again, it looked using it. And I'm a little higher than most, and I'll tell you why, because it was about the joke earlier. I want the blood pressure change or effect. And I get about 10 points between like 9 and 11. I am lower blood pressure on science. But I take 10 milligrams a day. That's a high dose for the average person. Usually there are 5 milligrams. Sometimes there's even a little bit lower. But I'll be honest. I rather enjoy the other side effect of it. And I didn't have an issue to begin with. I'm not trying to give too much information. But if you make something good, even good, then there's nothing wrong with that either. So I have been taking a counseling since daily, since, man, I don't even know, two, probably 2010. I'm guessing it's in there somewhere. And if I run out, I notice that my blood pressure will start to jump up a little bit. It's not huge, but it's enough to matter. I actually see a better, and I don't know that a lot of people do. I see a better impact from silence than I do tell them a certain. How is that? It's, I don't even know. And I take, tell them to start now. I said, do you guys before? I take it for the left ventricular benefits. Much more so than I take it for blood pressure. And I don't have blood pressure issues. I mean, I run high when I'm, the typical predictable stuff when my weight is higher in the off season, and I'm eating more. And I know when that happens without even taking the blood pressure, because my life would be like, yeah, you were sore in a little bit more like, I snore under two situations. I'm drunk, and I have a drink since 2010, before I snore when my weight is up. And I take a lot of growth hormone, and I still don't snore from added tissue growth. Yeah, at least yet. So I'm one of the few in the industry because it's been training for a long time and doing gear for a long time, who has never used a CPAP machine because I've never needed to. Now, in part, I admit, I'll be the first to say, for when you, when do you guys do? I'm also not as big as everybody else, because, you know, I mean, I don't go usually over 220 very often in the off season. If I do it's 230, and it's only four, five months, six months, and then I'm back down under two. I'm almost always under 220, and I'm like, five, nine. So you're very lean. You're lean by bodybuilding standards. Yeah, I'm under a little bit under 210 right now. I'm starting to feel like it gets a little crazy under 210. So my face will start sucking in and kind of like the luck. I don't like the feel, but I like the luck. I always loved it, too. You know, people like, oh, your face, you must hate that. It's like, now, this is like, it's my battle arm right here. It shows you that I do the things that you can't. When you're older, I know I've noticed this. Maybe I can't speak for other people, but I look back on pictures of when I was bulking back in, you know, the 2000s and 2010, I'm like, how did, how was I good with having that round fat face? I just look horrible. And I liked when I started to get pulled in. I feel like I look younger. Maybe I don't, but I feel like I do. I feel like my own face is bonely. I like that. I have bones in my face instead of this. I call it the feel of heat face. That's not a slam to him. But he could be shredded. And he still has that round moon face. They would jail most of the time. Yeah, they still have a lot of face. There's some guys that like that no matter how condition they get, they still just have this. Yep. You know, but yeah. It's just not appealing to me. It's not a slam to them, but no, I just, I don't like, I like the end look. I'm one of those guys who would rather be starving than stuffed. I could say stuffed from a meal after I've been hungry. But I don't like that feeling. It's very, that little targic blood pressure, you know, stomach full, no. Let my stomach be small, which is an interesting too. You'll get the smaller and tighter I want my stomach. I want, I don't want my stomach out like where my chest is. I don't want that. That's all guy stuff. You probably also feel like I do like, I feel way more alert when I'm hungry. Like hunger keeps me very clear. Abled to just crank, whereas eating large meals, all I want to do is sit and stare at the wall for like, you know, or I, or I not often I fall asleep for business. We're talking about the sort of push the bun. I am incredibly productive in life when I am leaner or inappropriate phase until the end. And till like that last like after like five weeks out, then I'm like, then I go from like really good to zero. You know? And I think it's like, personality trait too. It's like the pedal is either to the floor or the car is in movement. I'm an all or none 100% or F it type of type of person personality. Just as what it is. One of the common questions we get asked by you guys is, what would you do differently with your body building? If you could go back in time, given all the experience and education I have today, there's a number of things that I would have done differently. One of them is that I would have started using college and sooner. College is one of the few supplements that will actually rebuild connective tissue. It took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program. I use true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef college in. I get the unflavered version. I pay for it myself. Just like you guys do, I use 20 grams a day, makes it into my coffee. It's totally unflavered. You don't even taste it. Plus I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin. Creatin has been shown to improve brain health, especially for the aging brain. I need that. And of course, you know, we've always known about the muscle building effects. So this is my morning routine every day. And I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. Use our code, thank for savings. Plus it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard. Otherwise, they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app. And not do it by the do it. Mm-hmm. Absolutely. Yep, my I agree with you. 100% skip. 10 milligrams a day probably from the same right around the same time period. 2010 primarily for the blood pressure. I found some research on it years ago. I believe most people will see somewhere between an 18.0 point drop in their systolic. Usually that's about 3 to 7% somewhere around there. And that's what I see. I did do a little experiment. Was it December January? I stopped aching it completely because I was running 25 milligrams of testosterone every other day. I wasn't training for two months. I just wanted to see what my blood pressure would do. And it did climb up from like 132 over 90 that kind of thing. So I added it right back in. But yeah, no, I think, you know, it also has a slightly positive effect on HDL cholesterol. How long ago was this? Excuse me. How long ago was this at your gym this? When you were doing this? When you stopped taking the silence. December like mid-December through February 2nd. Just this is the end of last year. I'm going back to my text right now. Yeah. I got a message, a text bizarre too from Rachel. She said, talk to Andrew. And I just hit a back for the question mark and I didn't get here back then. I don't know. That explains it. The way you said that, like it was 100% serious. That was good. What blind and sinker? Good blind and sinker. I thought you got to admit that your cycles are synced up. Yeah. That's when I stopped taking it too. I thought you're going to say. Obviously, when people talk about all these pre-workout products, all these expensive pre-workout drinks and stuff that they take, I would rather do 10 milligrams of Cialis over any of the different aminos and whatnot. That some water and some sodium to me is much more important than any of the pre-workout products on the mix. Everyone knows when you get a great pump and you've been taking Cialis and you're in a contest shape. It's like your shoulders are just 20% bigger. Everything is bursting. I mean, because it does what it does. It's a PD-5 inhibitor. It increases cyclic GMP and it causes it basically makes nitrogen oxide easier and relaxes smooth muscle tissue in all parts of the body. Exactly. Pre-cancest? What about, you don't get in on stage with it? But, she's the thing though. She's not like you're walking around, like, carrying a third leg. Oh, no, I wasn't even saying that. I just figured I'm trying to segue into, because I've used some pre-cancest to great advantage. Definitely, Jason, you used to be Viagra, Viagra. Look, my opinion, let's compare it to Viagra is antiquated because you got about a four-hour five hour window and it's the same with the shows and everything. Viagra is just so much, I mean, they have to be just killing it over Viagra because take it and if you don't take it for a day, it's not like you're going to lose your edge. Exactly. I'm going to bless your standpoint, you may, but it's long lasting. You don't have to, I'm not going to imagine that, oh, guy, who's like pissed because his wife is side track because she's doing something else. He's looking at the clock like, but it's like, I like, 30 minutes. Like, we got a, it's 20 seconds. It's a pill. It's a pill. I did see a flyer one time about the different products, the vitro, Cialis. Is it a vitro? Is it a vitro even around anymore? I don't think it's prescribed, prime minister. Cialis is completely taken over the market for the reasons we're talking about. But the, the flyer had a picture of a guy who was literally looking at his clock and like, you know, the wife is over here and he's like, it was like, you know, one of those things like, hey, I got 20 more minutes or this magic isn't going to happen, you know. So it's funny you describe that same scenario. But yeah, no, I think it's superior to, you know, any of the other PD, five inhibitors out there. And the other thing is the safety profile, right? Like, I think that's an important component. It's one of those drugs you can take that sure. If you took too much of it, yeah, you could have a rapid drop in blood pressure, especially if you use a nitrates, which people who are, you know, who do have heart disease and are taken nitrates for chest pain and whatnot do need to watch that stuff. But it has a pretty high safety profile in terms of a wide range of people men, women, all, you know, ages can take it and they're not going to have an adverse effect. And can I pick you back off that? Because I think this is important. Where you, you've scot you touch on it about the show. Clearly, you know, it works for vascularity going to show too. What you want to be careful of is if you use, and I say, if because I thought everybody used it, because I used this since 2002, if you use AMP, Adonison, Adonos, Adonos, Donos of Montefaz rate is basically simulator before the show, a couple hours before the show, for vascularity and you have a bunch of silice in you. You're going to need to be careful because, simulator will drop your blood pressure very quickly. And that's why people pass out, if they hit too much of it, or they hit it twice that you used to be back in the day they had, you didn't get it for pre-judgmented or hit it for finals and you'd literally a lot of them would pass out because of the dosing before finals it's just overkill you don't need to do that only once that day and you're fine. But you need to be careful with things like that for that same reason because the blood pressure will bottom out if you're not careful. Mm-hmm. A little bottom up anyway. That's a pretty point. No. Well, that's a great point because a lot of people, I don't know if you've talked a lot about scintillator. I know we've done it a few times on the show but you may have talked about it with using it with clients privately and that is a good reminder to say hey we should probably not be taking the siallows for two days prior or we should at least really be cognizant of what's going on you know with both things that can cause blood pressure decreases. The scintillator being the more rapid one. There you go. That's a good point. So skip. Actually got a bunch of listener questions for us. And like I said we got some Patreon ones too but I'm going to jump in with this one's Gip grab. He says analyze this scenario. A friend did 900 test 300 deca. It was every week with one milligram of a RIMITX. This was last year. Estrogen levels not recorded. This year he does 900 test in 450 premo no RIMITX. Estrogen was 38. So he bumps the test up to 1200 in the premo down to 300. So he wasn't 900 in 450. Now he's at 1200 in 300 no 8x. Estrogen levels unknown after the test increase. He said his strength was much better on the 900 test and 300 deca which he had done the previous year. Do you think that this could be Estrogen level related or compound related? Well here's the problem. Why do you think do as Estrogen? I mean it this became a huge guessing game now. So off top my head I'm thinking I could it store but there are a myriad of other variables in there. I mean is he training under the same factors or variables that he was between the two cycles and everything the same. Let me paint a scenario. Let me paint a scenario. Let's say the 900 test 300 deca is Estredile somewhere like 52 or 48 or something like that. Let's just guess right? And then on the second cycles with test premo you said is Estredile I'm sorry I was a 38. Let's make a scenario up like that that that was what happened right? So I'm given it back to you now. Yeah fair enough. It's I mean look again I think we can all agree that higher Estrogen typically helps 99% of the time with progression recovery and strength. So assuming that all the other variables were the same yeah it would help is a 38 to a 52 a huge change probably not but could it factor into it sure. I think there's a bigger picture here in the bit at a bigger point I guess and that is I think a lot of people naturally assume and I know I have probably all done it. Well I increase my dose of the jess should be a little stronger I should look a little that's just not always the case it's not just a connection between oh I'm taking more gear there's there's obviously the ratios and the balance of the hormones but there's just so many other factors in there too and one of them being typically will take more gear I don't know we tend to train a little harder. Yeah there's that. There is that you know that point too I always said that people always bitch back in the day they're like well you know not come off cycle I lose all my gains well maybe it's because you come off cycle you're not as motivated you're not training is hard or you haven't made the adjustments to your training so your recovery now is horrible because when you come off a cycle and go to TRT or even come off completely if you make the correct and most efficient optimal changes that you can to your training you should still be progressing and recovery can just fine not at the level that you were on cycle yeah but you should still be progressing if you're a grassy you got to look closer at your training and your nutrition and your recovery versus oh I'm just not I'm here and accepted and walk away. One other factor to that because I can think of a client client slash friend that I had and I say client because it was more like we want to show and then you kind of just did his own thing and the off season we're supposed to get him ready for a national show but that just never materialized 10 years ago now and pre-contest or you know when he's geared up six meals a day meals on time, supplements take in cardio done the training obviously and he just blows up and grows like like a good pro right he was probably should have been a pro soon he goes off training falls to like two days a week to eventually no training at all meals go from six meals a day down to four maybe three if he has time definitely no health supplements in the mid so you get what I'm saying so it's not just the training it's also all those other little things that you were doing when you were being successful start to fall by the wayside you know. How about this one? Oh good. Oh good. Yeah as I said take it further and I probably don't need to let me just be I'll be quick and say this I think that 20 years ago if we go back to the early 2000s it was a different game in the off season it was more like I don't want to say it was a free for all but if you compare the off seasons now to 20 years ago the off seasons now for people who are committed and who are on their game and want to be really good a really good body builder they're basically prepping in the off season they're just taking in more calories. Oh yeah. So it's a constant prep it's a 24 7365 year after year versus what it was back then and you know we saw those pictures of you know Jay Cutler you know just slam and food and and Lee Priest eating buckets and Kentucky Fried Chicken so it seemed he did that you know every single day it was more of a just eat everything that isn't nailed down and I am really happy to see of all the things I complain about and I complain about a lot of it's industry. I'm glad to see even though it took time that that has changed for the better not only health but the gains are cleaner it's just it's just better health better. All right Derek says a harm reduction approach to PED use for over 40s. Deka versus Primo as a secondary compound old school versus new school what's the pros and cons. I think it's a pretty good question and I'm not a big fan of Primo because I don't respond to it well myself but I have seen so many clients. It's almost like I wish I did. I'd be lining up for Bear Primo just to know that I had the best Primo out there even though there's you know good Primo but it just it just doesn't work well for me. I like that that we're going more the Primo route and that Deka is becoming a bit of an antiquated I'm still an MPP fan and I know that's you know essentially same thing but not in big doses and not to rely on. I use it as one of maybe three or four compounds and it's typically more of an offseason or beginning of a cut phase type of compound that I phase out. I am becoming a much bigger fan of Primo based on how so many of my clients have responded to it especially with estrogen control because anytime you can minimize AI usage it's it's a big deal. I mean anytime you can get another drug out of there that's that's pretty into see the estrogen. The impact that it has an estrogen. I'll admit six seven years ago I didn't know that I didn't see it. I didn't directly I didn't connect the two so I like it and I think it's a rally I don't want to say it's an innocuous compound sure but it's certainly the safer route versus a lot of the and what is it a compound that's going to put a lot of weight on you like definitely no so blood pressure is going to be in better shape don't have to take an AI they're just so many pros I think to using it if you respond well to it. Yeah that was a big thing if you respond well to it. Yeah right like you said what do you think Ginger? I really don't know much about that I just think like what we've finished up with is you know I would go with the one you feel and you train better on and as long as you're controlling your health variables then if it ends up being Deca go with Deca but I'm more in the camp of what skip the sky described with the prebleable use so yeah and I think we've all we because we all kind of came to that conclusion we all realized that on the podcast one day that we really like the combo of test EQ and P.P and I think that that N.P.P in that cycle is it is very helpful but it's in it's it's in perspective it's not like just let's just crank it you know what I mean it's like for me it was like I think I probably ran it lower than you guys did because mine would be like around like 1200 test it maybe 800 EQ and then honestly I felt great with like we'll say like 50 N.P.P every other day something like that when you guys did that kind of cycle did you keep it lower end or did you push that higher than I did like using the right device I'm using it right now very similar that cycle testing EQ yeah about N.P.P is the 75 milligrams three days a week okay yeah I have an ad ratio that I just came to I don't like set up my cycles this way but I'm running testing Q and N.P.P the test is typically 50% in the EQ and the N.P.P or 25% that's usage so like for numbers 20 if it arbitrary numbers but if it's 1200 test then it might be you know 36.13 well 12 3 and 3.12 yeah it'd be 50 that makes sense. Yeah so yeah arbitrary numbers yeah again there's no formula there's no exact formula that we could get it. I said 3 and 3 my math is horrible 6 and 6 I'm there must have been more you know there's that anymore that people are like it's math is not mathing yeah 6 and 6 again there are arbitrary numbers so yeah if it could be you know 500 500 which you know typically if it's an offseason cycle I'm around 2 grams I don't yeah 1800 1600 in there somewhere I don't usually go too big in the offseason I leave my larger dosages to cutting and prep all right so we got one from YouTube why use protein powder when you can drink egg whites for almost the same cost. I know my friend this is going back to the egg whites again huh. You know the fan of egg whites? drinking them no I mean I mean I mean I'm not talking about the what's that company muscle egg right like I am not talking about that product because they have done complete the natureine and complete you know they've they've done nature the avidine and it's a very digestible protein drink I've had it it's just a little too expensive for me to drink you know two times a day or whatever but um no like the in I and I remember I think it was a Craig Titus video one of the mock videos from like 98 Olympia or sometime before he went to prison and he's sitting there and his kitchen and he's just pounding liquid egg whites and he's like he says something like why would I waste money on protein shakes like these sponsors just give these to me you know okay I'll do your digestive system but yeah I mean if you the issue is is you're not absorbing all that protein so I don't know the exact numbers but there's a there's a thing called avidine which binds the amino acids and you need to do nature that now yeah you could say okay well they're pasteurized which might do some partial denature and right it's not there's a reason why we cook an egg right to make it absorbable and just drinking right and plus I mean I wouldn't want to be around you if you're drinking two drinks two two of those curtains today oh do you know sorry but I had that man I did it's more I did when I was trying to like really push food up and I realized so I was like okay I'm getting creative working for the the pop company and I was like what else can I get from the grocery store here that's protein I'm on the clock right and I'm like walking around looking and I was like I'll get two of these bagels that'd be good it's about like 120 carbs I already ate meal one you know I'm just gonna kind of read I was bridging my meal one with meal two and I was like I'll get one of these curtains of egg whites shove that thing down go with the bathroom take a little insulin I'm good you know and and then later I was like what if I work in another one while I found that two cups of liquid egg whites even though they were pasturized that was my limit if I tried to do that again later in the day oh my god it went straight through me like liquid and I and you know what I noticed too is that people who use them a lot they end up even if they tolerated at first the more you use and the longer you used it the more you start to get like some sort of weird allergy response to it yes 100% that rings up there with my orange ruffy story oh really good until you have too much and there's a line what how much was too much for you skip do you remember I could I could eat it twice a day and I never had any problems but if I went to three and I'm not kidding I'm not I'm it would just it would just run out is it is it is it must be a low mercury fish well it would be a low mercury fish well it was protected 10 12 years ago you couldn't even get it that was shortly after the J maybe it was cousin J cutler I'm not sure because the bodybuilding community grabbed and it tasted really good I mean it it was one of those fish's fishes one of those fish today it tasted oily and fatty but it wasn't it wasn't it was just it was a it was a fish I don't even know I mean I assume you can get it now I just don't go anywhere near yeah I'm only asking because I just found out I have some mercury poisoning going on oh you're always that right yeah dude like I've just I was feeling worse and worse and I was in Somia like every day and I could train right but then my muscles would cramp like or just squeeze up like my adductors my my lower back like everything would just squeeze as soon as I try to get up off the couch so I thought okay is it a am I just needing to stretch more you know or I check my electrolyte content and I started adding a bunch of this and a bunch of that and it just got worse and worse and then I'm like hmm I've done all these lab tests over the last month and I'm not getting any better I'm not seeing anything in the labs and I'm like let me check my heavy metals let me just see if I've got lead or arsenic or mercury and sure enough the results came back last Saturday my mercury was through the roof and you know what it's my own fault I usually uh sushi grade ahituna twice a week or twice a day twice a day okay I was gonna see yeah yeah I'm trying to get an idea because I have four five people's every Sunday to load and I've every time I start to you know I'm like what about um what about uh yeah well I was gonna actually call Dom to figure out I got on I started shooting emails all the places around here the due relation therapy so I want to get this taken care of yeah I'm gonna do the relation therapy the infusions I think you got to do like 12 to 15 of them uh to find the mercury so you excrete it out um I looked into this guys method uh Dr. Cutler's method but you literally have to take like ALA and some other supplement every three hours on the dot around the clock set in your alarm yeah so I'm like you know what I think I'll just go sit in the chair and have someone put a needle in and and and chill it at but yeah so obviously no more fish for me at all for a while it's you know I get down here I wanted to do that like when you were so I'm doing like I've been doing it all since uh well we moved down here last February right and I wouldn't say every single day but there'd be at least I'd have one of those meals a day and then some time you can entase good as hell yeah I'm not gonna have to worry about mercury poisoning I have never eaten it I've watched people eat it I couldn't do it it does not it's my favorite meal I don't try it but it doesn't okay it doesn't go to me oh do you put you you don't know what you're missing right yeah it's really well you know I'm missing mercury poisoning that's yeah you listen what you're doing it's well played actually but it is it's deconstructed sushi in a sense but it's cleaner because it's not cleaner but there's so many different types of sushi that even have to be careful with my clients when I tell them you know you can load them sushi and then they they're telling me how they had tempera covered you know everything you know green cheese and yeah yeah yeah yeah one roll is the California roll okay cool but if you have 12 of them and half of them are tempera it's just come on now yeah so I just want to I would like to um scallops you know about three or four years ago and and they were expensive it's hell but you really good and they were easy to get down plus remember I have that choking thing or the asshole before so something like a scallop that's in a little bit of like a little bit of water like that you would cook them in it's very moist and I don't get it stuck in my throat so I you know I he's same thing it's very wet it's not you don't cook it right yeah just cut it meat it with some soy sauce and ground zealors do they they cut it for me it comes all sliced up and literally it would just do because there's this fresh fresh fish marked right down the road and I'd go to you know every day or every other day and I would do 240 grams and then I'd do my 200 grams of rice half an avocado and then I throw if I have blueberries or pineapple I usually have a fruit that I throw on there too and then either some carrot shavings or some other veggies whatever we got line around it's just honestly Scott it's it's I know sounds weird to make it done in just insane blueberries and I'm like I'm trying to I'll try it one day I will I want to yeah yeah yeah but it goes down make sure it well and again as I get older I like I just have a hard time eating and I I'm so sick of eating chicken breasts I'm so sick of eating beef I'm so sick of so it's like man I need this and like literally I feel like we're talking earlier about flat stomach like I get done eating it I feel like I have a nice flat stomach I can eat again in two hours it doesn't bog you down I felt great energy off of it fish doesn't have to be more general like I get you know I'll eat fish in it like it helps me to spike my appetite and eat more really you know exactly you can get the other fallen three hours later you can eat again that's what I'm low down it yeah yeah let me see what else we got here all right so we've got a you know we'll save that one for the next show pretty good question but that's not to say these other questions are not good questions we covered that one how about this is it even possible to truly lose slash slow down your metabolism in prep while supplementing with T3 and T4 I mean depends on how much if you're really only using 12.5 mics and you're eating no food for a long stretch of time without spiking your metabolism with refeeds and whatnot then yeah your metabolism can still slow down like like T3 isn't just a straight magic portal to increasing your metabolism necessarily plus if you're missing co-factors and vitamins and minerals that contribute to you know metabolism then yeah you can absolutely still have a slow metabolism well think of it this way how many times do you get a client who goes to a doctor and they're prescribed T3 or um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um free and they have to go back and adjust the dose and increase it because it's not doing it off all right because they're because their labs are showing hey you know we're still in a hypoithyrittle state or the offsets true too I mean how many times they go back in and the and the doctor lowers the dose yeah you know so yeah there's absolutely it's not like just magic because you're adding T3 and it's automatically going to work it has dose dependent and everyone's dose is a little bit different I think two is that T3 those comes up and I don't want to over complicate the question, but as that T3 those comes up, the T4 has more of a likelihood that that's going to convert to reverse T3 or the T4. Thank you. I just want to make sure I'm saying it correctly. So I know myself and I don't rely, I don't know if I rely on it. I don't take T3 as high as I used to back in the day. It used to be that you'd run them in increments of 25 microamines. It was not uncommon to be up around 100 microamines. It took me a while to figure out this is really eating up muscle tissue. You can drive yourself flat as hell and really not start to look good with those higher dosages. So as my teacher, here's an example. Just so that in case anybody who's listening is wondering, if I'm on 25 microamps, T3 and I'm going to take it up to 40, I will definitely start to cut down or cut out a small T4 dose because I feel like anything over 25 microgram. I don't know that that T4 is really doing much of anything anyway. It could be argued that it's converted to reverse T3, so you're not using it anyway. But I don't want to take something if I'm not going to benefit from it. So I'd rather just eliminate it and rely on the extra 10 or 50 microgram of T3. But I can tell you, it's 40 microgram. I already don't like it. Just jumping from 25 even with dropping the T4 because in three days, I'm below baseline and I was at the same weight all last week and was tighter. So I'm already seeing, I'm like, oh man, I might have to back off on this because it's only Wednesday and I'm already under base in my abound. And feeling it, like this is where I, yes, remember thinking, it's only Tuesday. It feels like Friday. When the jam I was just like, oh, so, and it's the only thing I changed. Only thing. I related note is it even possible to OD on T4 and risk muscle loss as it first needs to be converted to T3 by the body. Same guy. Is it possible to go on T4? Well, because I believe, much, right? I mean, it's not because you're not going to have to go over those and have to go, I don't think have to go to the hospital or like that. No, but I think, I think, like, as you started to lute to, it's just going to convert to T, reverse T3 at that point. So yeah, I think, I think you're going to get a lot of conversion to T3 if the scenario's right, but I think you're going to get a lot more conversion to reverse T3. All right. I mean, here's the thing, a lot of people don't check their reverse T3 when they do their thyroid labs. And I always ask people to do, you know, free T3, free T4, TSH, reverse T3, thyroid antibodies. Like, for me, that gives the complete picture. You can't tell me, like, oh, yeah, you can't get, like, actual read of what's going on with like one or two things. Yeah, well, that's the basic panel. I mean, we could do a whole topic on the next show on that. I think that it's basic, CMP and CBC, I don't want to say useless, but it is step one and step 10 of blood work. If you do basic rudimentary blood work and you get back, oh, I'm great. Man, I don't know if that's doing what we do there. So even just the regular EGFR related to honey creatinine, I mean, we're bodybuilders come on. Yeah. That's the same thing. You're cholesterol numbers versus what the LDL actually, what those particles look like. Night and day different. You could come back with normal numbers and you could be F. Because you, there's just, I'm to the point now, or I'm to tell clients, look, do your basic, do your basic number, but you need to step another two or three steps into this to look a little bit closer, especially with my demographic because my demographic tends to be older like myself. Yeah. You can miss some shit in there. Well, I'm just going to be more surprised. I'm sorry. I mean, more surprised at some of the labs that doctors order for a thyroid panel, like T4 index or, you know, total T3, like none of those numbers don't really tell us much of anything. We need to get into TSH. Sometimes just a TSH, right? But even like, like, it's just good. But just some of these other tests, and I've tried to ask doctors thyroid specialists, you know, through YouTube, like doctors that put out stuff on about thyroid, like, why is it that doctors ask for, say, these panels, which we know just don't really do anything. Like, what are they doing with those numbers that maybe I don't understand? So I could learn and they never go back to me. But if you know the answer that, it's the same reason that you have to get a basic scan before an MRI, it's the procedural stuff that they have to do. It's science. And it has the Dorian looking further. TSH is fine. And then we can't dig any deeper. You're good. Well, that's like saying, you know, do you feel like you had a heart attack today? Well, yeah. I mean, I think I'm okay. But meanwhile, you know, your HDL cholesterol might be 3, and your LDL might be 250, and you definitely won't, the calcium score might be through the roof, like it marks some real reinvestigation, you know? Yeah. I've often wondered, why do we even bother, why does anybody, or a blood test or a doctor or a panel, why do they care what total testosterone is? Why not just do the free testosterone? Because no one gives a shit if it's not usable, if it's not, I don't know. But that's a, if I'm listening to something. And I may be missing something, but it doesn't matter from a bodybuilding standpoint, what it is. So I'm thinking if it's not available to be used, you know, and it's bound, then I don't know. Now, maybe I'm missing a step that even bound testosterone can increase cholesterol, you know, or something like that. And that may be, I'm not a doctor, and I don't play when I'm a podcast or the internet. But that has always been a question of my, and especially related to the bodybuilding industry, because I have a lot of clients who are new to TRT, and like, what am I total? Like total, total, and small, like your free testosterone's in the toilet, your SHBG's through the roof. So let's, you know, let's take a closer look. Maybe because it's a fun number to brag to your buddies about, I got mine to 16,000, or, you know, if you're, if you're a McAver, RIP, I got mine to 52,000, or whatever that number was. Remember, it was something absurd. I was just not looking at this. I was going to like 50,000. Something like that. I can't remember if it was just going to say, and then it's like, my job dropped when I saw him. I put it that way. Like, I was like, I've never seen anything remote like that before. Hmm. Again, RIP. Yes. All right. Got a good, a good closer here for Matt Bladvin's. He says, best phrase for a straight single man to have on his gym shirt or tank. He says, my personal favorite is, I know I'm your gym crush. Is it PC or not PC? I was gonna say, because like, I mean, you're the guy wearing it. You're the one wearing it. I mean, we got to actually Rachel's got a great shirt that she wears at the gym. And it's Donald Trump. And as, you know, you've seen the one where he's in his boxing, you know, he's got a, he's got, he's got, not his physique at someone else's physique. And he's got the boxing gloves. I don't know. I think I've seen that when we were up in Vermont, she'd always get like stairs, like this girl's fucking wearing a Donald Trump shirt, whereas like down here, everyone's like, yo, I love your fucking shirt. Like that's all. Oh, yeah. This is Ryan. This is Ryan. This is from public in country down here. Yeah. I won't forget it. The Arnold, I saw one of the T shirt booth. So I didn't even get a chance to really walk around too much. When I went down a couple aisles and there was a T shirt booth that had all sorts of like silly slogan T shirts. And they had a shirt that said, I heart milks. And I was like, okay, but then I saw like a nine year old kid wearing it. And that's when it was really fun. It was like, he was literally like walking around with his parents. Eight nine year old kid with an eye-hurt milks shirt on. My buddy lets his young daughters. She wore a, um, an F.J.B. shirt to school. And they may or take it off and turn it around. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Or maybe it was a let's go brand-in-one or something like that. But that was kind of funny. I mean, I guess there's all sorts of funny ones. But I can't think of the cuff, you know, like, like trend hard or something, you know? Like I see a lot of the kids wearing it. Actually, it's always hilarious when you see a 17 year old kid wearing a shirt with references to trend or I don't know how you test or that one always like gets a double take out of me. I mean, I think that's why they wear it. I mean, they're looking for that connection, that kind of that bond like, yeah, I'm young, but I know what. I know what's up. I had one of their Tokyo Labs t-shirts. I don't know. You'd have to know to know. You don't even skip. You saw the t-shirts? Oh yeah. Well, I don't know if I saw the t-shirts. I remember by the suit said Tokyo Labs. Of course. You knew, you know, a brand. Two lines or two canes. Yeah, it was weird spell. But yeah, what did they make? That was big. I'm just saying. They were a vash lab out of Mexico. Like back there when all the Mexico was popular Mexico's for Operation Gear Grinder and all the things. Well, but everybody. No, that was like 2000 late, late 90s early 2000s. That's what I was thinking. Yeah, 2000s. Wasn't Gear Grinder like in 2003 or two. That was 2000. I think Gear Grinder. I want to say it was like 2000. I thought Gear Grinder came after Operation Roddiel. Let's find out for the whole, you know what, maybe you're right. I might be getting a mixed up. I was here. I wasn't wearing any of these shirts to be out. I'm not. I'm not. I like to be funny. But I don't. I can't do things like that. But I saw a shirt that said. You said I could not be a proberate. So I'm going to. I put like a fat kiddies chocolate cake. That's right. It made me think of that fat kid in Matilda. Right. You guys. Yeah. We don't have kids. So you may not have seen Matilda. I've seen a principal. Any de Vito, right? Yeah. Yeah. Made him. But that fat that that. What's your name, Miss. Miss. Oh, that's terrible. Rumble. I don't know how I just, that just came to me. But like it did. Yeah, that wasn't the principal though. That was okay. Yeah, it was 2005. So it was before Rod deal. Okay. But he made, she made him eat that entire cake. And that's what it was. That's right. It made me vlog up. So I mean, I think that's a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a small thing. Smash your past. But it those are things that I, you know, You know, a shirt was always great back in the day was Milfoner. Yeah. The old is in the co-ed naked. Co-ed naked shirts were the bomb. That's funny. Do you guys remember this? I don't know. What? Yeah. Co-ed naked. Every single sport. There was some sexual into window. It was like a big deal. You remember like the college hats, the white hats with like, like UVM or U of M. It was like on that kind of trend. But it was, um, Oh, man, I'm going back to like, When I was in grade school because kids with where I'm in grade school, like, there'd be a funny rhyme. Like let's say co-ed naked volleyball. Yeah, be like, you know, try to put sand in your, I don't know, something like not in your hand or, I don't know, something stupid. I can't rhyme with it. But yeah. Something, something clever that the kids always had to take their shirts off and turn them around when the teacher saw them. So I just thought of one that's kind of embarrassing to admit that I had. Do you guys remember that, uh, Big Johnson company? Let's get. Oh, yeah. You know, I don't know if I do. Okay. I'm surprised to Andrew. You're a little bit of a reference. I do. Yeah. I had like the Big Johnson t-shirt company or something. And there was like, uh, uh, this character, this guy that would be on the front of it. And, uh, he was like on a riverboat. And he was like, welcoming you into this riverboat and his hands are like this. I got this shirt and it lasted in my house. I was probably like, 14. It lasted in my house for like a week. And my mom washed it. And she was like, I know what that means. It said welcome to a big Johnson's riverboat. Licker up front poker in the river in the water. I can't blow that. I wore it one time in my mouth. It was a good guy. My arms were on every day. They really do. I'm embarrassed. I remember that. All right, guys. We appreciate you tuning in. If you're hanging out with us this long and you haven't subscribed, you can get a lot of information on the internet. And you're pretty much, you know, you already made the decision. So hit the button and hit the bell too so that you can get notified that are content. Otherwise, you may never see us again. We made disappear in the algorithm. Check out true nutrition.com. Use our code think over there for additional savings. Supplement source.ca for Canadians. Guys, if you want to get some coaching, you can reach out to Andrew at bodybarry.com. You can reach out to me at AgmevignallyDiatsets. You mail.com. Everybody from Patreon. You guys are helping to make this thing happen. And for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear, we will see you soon. Can't remember. I can't believe I remembered that T-shirt. Oh, skip. Oh, no. She'll order it. I tell you, I was so, you know, here's the funny thing. What was on my brain was my daughter. My youngest daughter got me a real life show. Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. That's a teacher for Christmas in. And it's one of those two sisters that fits really well. Like it's flattering. So I really want to wear it, but it says, with a body like this. Oh, no. Something about being bald. Who needs hair when you have a body like this? And there is no way. Because I know what I would think if I saw somebody wearing it. Ooh, bag. Yeah. We're fucking two. Like that guy drives a truck with rubber balls hanging off the hitch. Like, I'm not that. That's not my thing. It'd be funnier if you're like way out of shape. Like save it. Yeah. Save it for one. Like do your offices. It's always come off your way. Someone's way out of shape. And they're wearing shirts like that. Yeah. I see these memes all the time online. I wish I would have thought of one. You know, like this big fat dude beard down to here. And it's like, I'm going to find one incentive to you. I did just send you a couple of code naked t-shirts. These are remakes. They're not as nearly as good as the originals. But we're still rolling guys. So skip, can you give us a pull those up? And skip, can you give us your word of the day? Yes. Now, I do understand that you have a new Matt rule, but recommendation. Yeah. It was just a thought. Yeah. I agree with you. But I still want to use the one that I didn't get to use last night. You're going to do it right now. Yeah. Let's hear one. Okay. Everybody knows Murphy's law. It's whatever can go wrong, well, the wrong, right? Yeah. You know what? I mean, it's a law. Muffries law. The R comes after the PH. Oh, you, that's cool. You know what this one is. All right. But the R comes after the PH. No, it's just funny. It's Muffries law. And the definition or what it means is you never Correct someone's grammar without making damn sure that you're not going to make a mistake. While you're correcting them because that would be Muffries law. And here's the cool thing. You catch people because if this is, and I do this because it's just so awesome. You'll be on a viral video or something. Somebody will correct someone's grammar. Yeah. And they'll spell something wrong. And I'll write textbook Muffries law or something to that effect. And they come back and say that I spelled it wrong. And I came back and said, spelled it wrong. And then I tell them that they might want to Google Muffries law. But they didn't spell it incorrectly. And you know they're just like, oh, I just, I just got on. You just sit around on the internet waiting. It got to us. Yeah. Waiting to be like, Gotcha. When I have extra time, I'm telling you, I am that guy who goes on viral. Because there is no lower class people than on viral reels. The things that are said are so low-brow and so like a class of the population that is just so not intelligent and so so minor and so it's just bizarre. It's like, where do these people come from? And I'm entertained by it. And it just, it just blows my mind sometimes to see how people read. But the reels, the reels are, to the point where sometimes I'll be like, I'm not even, I can't even go to the comments actually because something is just going to get me fired at it. That's what, like, all the, like whenever we have something that gets blowing up in our YouTube shorts, that's always like people come out of the woodwork that aren't even related to bodybuilding. Yeah. And they're like, you know, just like the dumbest things. And they're like, you guys, we don't even think you guys look cool. You know, once you get to a certain point, we just think Roy had to move on with our lives. We don't care about you people. Yeah. I was crucial to get that opinion out of you. Yeah. I posted one of those and then our people started coming back at them. Like I posted the comments and the people from the Facebook group, like, Tony Miller started going after him. And it was great because like, she's just like, she was owning everybody like that. It's a subclass though, people, there's trolls. And then there's like, there's just the subclass of trolls that that is, in their life, the only, well, here's the thing though. I think attention they're going to get it and they, they thrive at it. You realize a lot of those aren't real people. That's really thing. Yeah. There's a lot of that. That's the troll farms from from like Russia and even our own, like our own government does these troll farms that they're trying to divide us. Like for instance, I was on one yesterday where I was just seeing what was going on on this island of the coast of Georgia, where I guess all these historically black college students congregate. Now they are very, very, very bunched. They break into people's houses. They fight and there's a lot of just riff or aff going on. But then you see all the comments, there's people trying to insight racism with horrible comments that like, no one would ever say to someone's face. And then you look on these profiles and you're like, okay, this person has like 13 followers. They've posted two pictures like, they're not real. They don't exist. It's a bot that did this. I think that's happening with the Caitlin Clark and Angel Reist stuff prior to the NCAA championship. Everything was race-bated between those two and it was horrible to watch. And then I started thinking they're planting a lot of this shit and it's just horrible. And even though I thought it was horrible, I'm like, I'm falling for it just like the dumbass that, you know, that's in their throwing racial comments around. Just horribly agree, just saying, and I understand that, you know, that's how the internet is. But like I said, there's just still a sub-fet. Now if you go into like police stuff with people, you can see, you know, right away, who go the low-brow criminals' arc is they're always going to stay at it. No matter what the criminal did, they're rocked. I got a date. I know we're live, but I got it with the bathroom. All right.