What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast. With Dave Crosslin, I'm Scott McNeil and all of our programming is brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys for your support. If you're new to our content, then let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell. We have several bodybuilding podcasts that come out each week. This one features an educator to the police and the military of the UK. He teaches him all about antibiotics plus you expert witness of the court system. Dave Crosslin! Hi, what's up? Hey, David, he's got this whole thing going on. Actually guys, Dave is sick. I'm going to be completely honest with you. He pulled his hood over his head. To me, he looks a little bit more like some sort of wrapper. We just need to get like a gold chain form. He looks kind of like a key-a-boy, honestly. If I were to see him walking on the street, I'd be like, 100% that's a key-a-boy right there. How much did I die? Okay, okay, Jedi Dave. I wanted to open up today talking about Cialis. We got a lot of questions about Cialis. Well, it's become more and more popular as an insillary, the bodybuilding. People are using a low dose for blood pressure. There are pluses that's got that added benefit of, hey, if it's time for action, you're ready, like you're ready with some serious performance enhancing, enhancing, you know, bedroom time, P-E-B-T. Also, it is great with nitric oxide. It's a great vacuode dilator. Would you call it? Yeah, I mean, I think originally it was popularized more as a pump agent. In bodybuilding. But I think since it's remained in use for blood pressure and fast-pour, and also, obviously, it's original intention when manufactured, which was woody's. Yeah. Is that what it was originally made for? Oh, very originally, I don't know, I don't know. I believe it was Biagra, because I think Biagra, they were, believe they're trying to do a blood pressure medication. And then they found out all their participants. Yeah, all the participants were getting this very unique side effect. Yeah, it could well be definitely. I mean, I think probably now it's maintained. I never got on with it as a pump agent. I never really got anything out of it, if it was honest. I didn't find much from it at all. I didn't find much from it from the other department either. But I think a lot now it's popular for blood pressure and support with that. And it's effective there. I mean, it's just plenty of evidence and proper study and academic evidence to support. It is very effective that low in blood pressure and support in the relaxation of blood vessels. Yeah. And the dosic can be pretty low. My personal experience in that department had been five milligrams a day. I found that to be effective for blood pressure, while on cycle. And I did notice the pump effect. I'd used it in two situations, one being just for the gym. Like I just noticed the effect in the gym. And then two being I started experimenting with it getting ready for contest day. And there's no question in my mind, man, like increased masculinity. Just increased pump effect that it definitely worked. In fact, I'm considering adding it back in for that reason just to kind of get more oxygen to the tissue. Yeah, so I've got no personal experience about benefit, but that's what the science says. Definitely. Okay. And it's remain. I mean, we get a lot of drugs that come into the market and they have a moment of fame and then they tend to disappear, but this is definitely state. Yeah. Maybe not as buzz as it was, but it's definitely become a staple in a lot of people's supplementation. And yeah, it seems to be well tolerated, long-term use doesn't seem to have anything particularly negative effects. That's what was like anything because we still tend to buy a lot of market. It's really the issue is down to quality of product and getting what you actually wanted. So here's where I'm seeing is in the research space. See, Alice is like widely available on every research chemist site, including that amino site that we don't talk about anymore. They, those places all have it. And if it's generally dosed at around, I think like 10 to 20 milligrams, then if you were only taking small dose, like say 5 milligrams, then it's 20 milligrams per milliter. That's going to last you. One bottle is going to last you a long time, too. So it cost a benefit, even if the benefit isn't huge, the cost isn't really that huge, either. You know, a bottle might last a few months. They're trying to tip the cheap anyway. It's not a particularly expensive product. We've got it in a tablet form anyway. I mean, the oral, the liquid oral might be a little bit more, but the tablets are cheap. Yeah. Yeah. Very cheap. Yeah. I mean, you're talking supplementation of less than 50 cents a day. Okay. And then Kyle Becker just mentioned that he's getting it through his TRT doctor. I was going to say, that's the other place I'm seeing it. All the TRT companies, they all are providing add-ons. They get you in the door for the test, right? And then they say, oh, well, you're going to need this IPAM in the CJC to your going to need to optimize your GH levels. And that's going to cost you 300. And we'll get you on CLS. It's going to help with this. So it is one of the add-ons. So I mean, cost-wise, I don't know what they're charging relative to research sites. But it is getting, I think I almost feel like because of the more popularity of TRT clinics. Now, it's almost had a resurgence. Because it was something we talked about back in 2008, 2010. And now I'm hearing more and more young people saying, hey, my TRT doctor said that I could get on this. What do you think? Oh, Kyle's just said he's $9 for $90, so he's $10,000. At Costco. So that's worth, by the way, guys, we're talking prices here for a legit medication prescribed by your doctor. That's what Kyle's discussing from the pharmacy. Just to be clear for anybody from the YouTube-higher powers that are watching this. I just want to be on a recent clear about that. He says it's a real doctor, too. Not a long-javity clinic in quiz. The reason I thought about that, though, was I saw this list, Victoria showed it to me, from a professional cyclist. He just had a slew, I don't know that. He was going to put the list on the screen, but he had a slew, how many items do you think were on that list of different PETDs that he was using both over the counter prescription and possibly otherwise? So, what was it about the eighth, eight, eight, five? Yeah. And some of them are like beetroot and stuff like that. But then some of them are a lot of like bronchio dilators and stuff. No, I think it was about 20 actual medications, wasn't it? 20 or 25 actual medications. But yeah, I said, a lot of bronchool stuff. Some blood relax in dyes still flight, but pressure type meds. C.L.S. and VIA, growth of those. Thank you. Thank you, Liz. Pinkillers as in IV-profer and Paris C-demol, which is a UK term. So that's what leads me to believe he's from the UK or Europe. We would just say Tylenol or C-demodifin and aspirin. Interesting, 500 aspirin, 500 pair C-demol in 400, three times a day of ib-profer. Like that's a quite a concoction of insights. It seems a lot does it. Yeah. Yeah. It seems a lot. Unless that specific to an endurance race, for example, something like the Tour de France or where you're on the bike every day, day in, day out. You will be struggling with paying at something of that event. I bet you that's what it is, day if I bet you this is kind of like his peak dozing at that time. Yeah, I can see an event like that where your cycling sort of 20, 30 days on the truck. I can see an event like that requiring regular pay medication. I don't see a, I'm struggling to see a benefit for it in a training scenario, even with cycling and the endurance where they do. I'm still struggling to see a benefit of that. Good thing. Yeah. That's sort of long to expose you to paying killers over years. He's definitely going to have a very big negative impact on kidney function. Yeah, yeah, and I don't have the background. I know, but that would be my guess. Yeah, back to the C. Ellis, he had, what is it? 20 C. Ellis in 10 Viagra per day every day, which I'd consider like that's, for us in general, not only like guys at the competitive level, but you know, a lot of guys are just recreational body builders that I think are in the gym. That's the vast majority of people that are kind of looking into the PED space, right? Because it's just a lot more of those people that that would be overkill. And if I were to pick one or the other for Pups, I would pick the C. Ellis. It has a much longer half life than the Viagra too. Like it's what do they call it? I got it. I was just thinking that's a dangerous concoction when you were like, if a little bit. Yeah. That's a mistake, though, because I remember people, you should say back in the day. Oh, so you take C. Ellis before a contest. Aren't you going to be afraid that something's going to move down there when you get on stage? You know, and it's all, I know you're joking, but I'm sure there is somebody out there wondering that right now. It's not going to, it's not going to like increase your arousal. Yeah, so it's not going to increase your arousal. It's just going to make sure that you are quite capable of getting the job done if the moment were to arise. Yes. You like that, Tire? You like I did that. All right. Well, we have a lot of list of questions. There is so many of them, Dave. Hey, guys, I want to personally think Dave Stanley for joining us today, because he's not feeling well. He's under the weather. We got a cold or something. What's going on? Is this allergies? I don't know. Youngest is had, tonsliders, and glandular fever. They're very fever. And then both me and my good lady are a bit like snorkeling coffee and there is very sainacee. So I first thought it was a fever, but I'm now thinking it's more of a cold and a bogus well. You ever do like a nitty-pot? Oh, wow. Look at nasal rents. A flush. No. Oh, dude. They've been showing to help to clear that stuff up. It's basically like a doosh for your nose. It's crazy. I have one in the other room, or I'll show it to you. It's a bottle, right? And you get these little saline packets with it. You fill it up with warm water. Go over the sink. You stick one side up your nose. Squeeze the bottle. It goes through your sinuses and comes out the other nostril. And it flushes your sinuses. And it helps to remove the bacteria in the irritants. And it helps to dramatically cut the time down of illnesses and stuff. I'm currently putting oil on the old bus oil in my CPAP on a night. That's helping. Albus, where are you? That's all. I don't know what's in. It's like a mental vapor. Ah. OK. Guys. Well, we had a question here. And like I said before, guys, I've always said, if you want to take part in the show, then comment below all your comments and questions, all that stuff. It helps to boost our programming. And that's what we do here. We just tackle your list of questions. A lot of people love the last show. They enjoyed seeing Dave hanging out with Jesse James West. So this is a female from the UK. She's posted this question a couple times. She says, I'm competing in the US later this year. I would like to follow my normal AAS protocol coming into the show. But unsure if I would be able to take the small amount of tablets in my suitcase. This would be a few tablets of Winnie in Clan. I take 20 Clan per day, 10 Winnie per day leading into the show. And I also have a few caps of Andadraw, the night before in the morning of the show. I'm most likely going to arrive three days before the show. Can you please give me advice? I'm worried that if I drop my Clan before, it will interfere with my carb loading, et cetera, going into the show. Thank you. If you are discovered at the airport with Winstrel or Arniver or Oxford, sorry, OX's, they will take them off you. It's as simple as that. I doubt they would prosecute you. You do the risk of potentially being refused entry and being turned back. It is possible. I've known people fly with small amounts for pre-comp and get through and have known and get stopped and had it taken off them and have known them. They refuse. So it is a risk. The Clan, I actually think you're fairly safe with. I think Clan over here is actually a classy drug. This is the same classification as steroids. Oh, really? Wow. Yeah. So you can actually be a cross-accurate as selling steroids for some. So in Clan, it's a mistake why a few people make because they don't think it is. It's a brass pier, because I later. Yeah, but it's regarded as a drug of abuse, which is why it's regulated. That's sort of the reason he got for on the list. I got you. So I think states I don't plan fine. I don't think there's any issues around Clan. It's completely illegal. So there's, there's, yeah, it's not prescribed. It's not used in any way in a medical sense for humans. I believe even for animals. It's not used here. So it is not a drug that we are allowed to have. That said, the regulations on it, it's not considered to be scheduled in the same way that antibiotics would be. So antibiotics would have a fiercer penalty. But I'm with you. I would imagine getting prosecuted for that. Here's the thing, how jacked is this girl? Like if she's walking through the airport looking like she's about to do a bodybuilding show, I think the likelihood of them get raising an eyebrow at her is going to be a lot higher than if she's just, you know, like a meek little girl in some loose baggie clothing. You know what I'm saying? I would recommend you source some way of getting them when you enter the country rather than trying to take them in yourself. And I'm sure you might take a little bit of that work in, but I'm sure you'll be able to arrange it one way or another because you're not asking for even unusual compounds or large amounts of compounds. So I'm sure there'll be a way of communicating with somebody who's competing in that show of some nature of somehow where you could erase something once you arrive. I would not take the risk of bringing them with you. Yeah, I think likelihood with orals you may be okay with how many tablets are we talking? Are we talking three tablets, five tablets? Could you have mixed them in with some vitamins and take the risk? It's possible. I mean, if you only have like a few tablets, that's good. I'm not saying to do it, but that's going to be a different scenario than if you need a 60 of each. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I get that. The problem is if you do the consequences are quite severe. That's the downside. Yeah. Being a non-American citizen entering the country, you could quite literally be refused. And then from there, you would never be allowed back here. So that would not only cause problems in because you're not doing your show, but it, like you say, it would also cause problems moving forward for future trips. I'm like, if she could, but I just play it safe. For what is probably going to be a couple of messages on social media and a little bit of sniffing around. I think that would be far safer than trying to carry them in. And I'm with her. I wouldn't want to discontinue the clan right before the show. You know, clan is not a diuretic, but there is a diuretic, like a fact that happens with clan. And for that reason, I found it to be really helpful in contests, prop scenarios to get somebody just that much drier, that much harder, especially in the last several years, I've used much less diuretics. And if we can get somebody looking their absolute best and then get that clan in there to get them just a little drier, just a little harder, it makes a difference. It really does make a difference. But if you take it out, you do risk a rebound from that afterwards. So another option, which I wouldn't necessarily suggest, or I have never done in my life, is male a package to yourself. I never did that. I never did it internationally, at least, so that's where things get tricky, I think. All right, how about this one? And we'll try to power through these. Get Dave out of here. Faster for the next episode, big Dave said he conceived while on full cycle. And there are plenty of other examples of body builders also achieving this. I wondered if he was on Novodex at the time from the small and I repeat small amount of research I've done. It seems like Novodex and Cloman have a positive effect on fertility. So could it be the case that a male, heavy cycle with these supplementations would help to keep the boys swimming? Thanks an advance, Massafana, the podcast, and it's a highlight of my Monday. In my personal scenario, no, not at all, wasn't on anything like that. Novodex and Cloman obviously block ERs at the high perthamas in the maturity to try and stimulate signal production, which is why they're used in PC2. However, there is a localized restriction process that I inhibits within the testies. The react to total testosterone levels and as a result, can locally restrict any sort of production. Is it possible to maintain some form of signaling? Yes, I would suspect to a small extent there is, but you're always going to have this depression going on. A compound, another thing is, if Novodex and Cloman are not totality in their shutt in off of the ER at the high perthamas or the majority either. So they don't shut it off completely. So you're still going to get some suppression. But the main mechanism for fertility, wild, stone cycle is the elevated levels of testosterone directly stimulating the cytosol cells in in in a testies and causing sperm production directly. Follow up question from our listeners. If you were to conceive, while on cycle, is that going to have any damaging effects to your baby? Okay, that is how jack is trend is your trend baby going to be? This is actually now I summarise this probably 10 years ago. And from a little bit of an adult or research, and it was rough research, it was just basically questionnaires and things like that and just generally talking to people. They seem to be a trend to what children that were born of either a paternal or an, I did actually speak to a maternal who was on other Balex at the point they conceived. So their children did seem to be developing quicker intellectually wise. Really? Now when you look at the effects of testosterone in fetal development, it does show positive impacts in cognitive ability and anti-wicoordination and a few over aspects. But it also shows an increase in the willingness to take risk. Now the argument at the point where I left looking at was that is a child born of an abolic using parents or at least a paternal, an abolic user more likely to take risks because it's genetically coded through a change in RNA expression, through the use of an abolic's in conception or was it a learn or genetic coding from the parent because the parent had already played a willingness to take more risk on a bioplasm. So I got very poo poo at the time when I suggested that they could potentially be not a change in DNA but a change in the strength of the expression. So basically two words, super babies. Well, now it's a positive and negative because what I had found was that there is the risk of children, and this was based on the children that were born of an abolic parents did seem to have a rapid progression intellectually. They also tended to have disruptive behavior. Super babies that you can't stop. Well, they seem to be based around the fact of they required more stimulus than an average kid. So if they weren't focused, they would be a term disruptive, pretty much out of order because they just life just wasn't stimulating enough for it. So there's no real factual stuff. Anyway, I expressed this one day in a conversation on social media and got ripped apart for it. And one of the people that was ripping me apart, I won't mention any names, tagged somebody else into it. It was a researcher, I believe, to do a cancer or had knowledge around cancer research anyway. Okay. So no research and super babies. And he then messaged me privately, having looked into it a little bit more and said that he felt there was actually potentially some merit to it. There was some studies on cells around cancer use and such like that had suggested that they could be these expression changes. And that there was not evidence. It wasn't that strong, but there was potential for the theory to have some merit and warrant some further investigation. All right. Well, listen, I'll find the next question here. Well, Dave sorts things out. You got to call over there or something. You got somebody pulling up. I guess a fucking thick, like I work a gate and walks through it when he's trying to open and cuts the safety sensors off. Also, when he cuts the safety sensors off, what happens? The gate stops and then he's trying to squeeze through the gap that isn't there. Can we get the video in there? Honestly, make no matter. People that struggle with my electric gauges and real. Okay. But yes, so in short, I still personally, there is the potential. And I'm not saying it's necessarily negative or positive, but there is a potential. Not to change the child's DNA, but to potentially increase or reduce certain levels of DNA expression on genetic drakes already exist. If you look at anything on the Dutch famines, you'll see the science behind why that can happen. I won't go into it now because it's got some already bored and wanted to move on. Well, I want to listen, but you're talking and you're like, and then I think it's possible there. Sorry, I had to do that. I had to deal with a window licker of a frigging delivery driver. Oh, is a delivery driver? Yeah, it should be such a bucket short, boss. What if he watches this listen to the show? What if that's what he does on every Monday? He's going to be really up to you. You're not getting any more packages at your house. Well, then look at your dumb retail. Wait to the gate open, then try walking through them. All right. Guys, we can't stop Dave from saying things like the artwork. The British, they're different people over there. Can I get my estrogen tested at Evel? I'm on Metro, mast, and Primo, and I feel like my guy knows getting worse. I just don't understand why I romanticize so much. I would have thought a romanticization would be frigging impossible of a... You smashed. Yeah, that's, you know what? This is... I have this with a client. Well, thanks, client at a moment, but I'll... No, don't let me back. Eastern levels below mid-range. Rampant Gino, even though he's had surgery. Yeah, and you've looked at... I'm sure you've looked at things like ProLact and ProGestor on. Yeah, everything. It's just like how... Astronaut. How's that? Yeah, but that, the problem is we don't have that testing facility. They do it one way easily. But it's like... You know, it's like... ...which slamming E2, such an extent that he's not going to grow. Right. So then it's like, well, then what's the point of doing the cycle? Yeah. But even mildly elevated testosterone seemed to be instigating this massive flare-up. And, I mean, from that individual, if what he's taking... I mean, the first thing I would ask in that scenario is drug legitimacy, because if those drugs are legit, he should have literally no hydrogen at all. If they aren't legit, then that could be where his problems come in from, because he's taking pre-memorals, actually tests, or something of that nature, and that could be wise having an issue. Yeah. But yes, we do estrogen 55 quid. Eestrogen-application is 80 quid. I'd get a pro-alactin check to if I were him. Just to see what's going on there. Because I have a feeling his estrogen is going to be in like low single digits if that, you know? Which could have forced progesterone through the roof, but even that should be because many problems, because progesterone should be kind of in pro-alactin and keep him to watch him down. Scott, if you are natural, and you use test suspension pre-workout. Well, first of all, you're no longer natural if you do that. Maybe like two or three times a week, added dose that you can feel, never two days back to back, like say Monday and then Thursday and then Sunday, would it blow up your estrogen and DHT and give you crazy side effects? Greg Valentino raves about it pre-workout and it adds muscle fast. Said his boy looked like a track runner. Then two weeks later on suspension, he was super jacked and thick. Don't want to try it, just interested in what you boys think. Thank you for everything. Scott, he specifically said, thank you to me. Just a little cheating. I want to point that out. I would take that statement from Mr. Ballumbo with a pinch of salt. That was Valentino. Rob Valentino with the arms. Sorry, very much with a pinch of salt. Mac truck Dave. Are you going to get estrogen-massive region spikes of tests suspension? Probably not, actually. Is in and out within a matter of hours. It will get a romantic. It'll romanticize us. You do, it does like, there's a, there's a massive, just, sorry. Sorry. She's having a shot up. Yes, I did. I've got some, shoot up. No, no. Yes, let's shoot up. I've got, where's my sound things at? Shut up. I've got this, I brought this sound at, I just hanged. Listen to this one, listen to this one, let's say this one. Ready? Oh, God, we've got. Remember that one? Right, so it's, it's, very, very fast acting. It's got a ridiculously low half life of a few hours. It's going to cause an estrogen spike, but the estrogen is going to be a very rapid up and a relatively rapid down. I'm not sure if you're doing it three times a week, whether you're going to end up with sustained, high estrogen levels are not, or it's just going to be one of them fucking jobs. It's what I was going to say. Oh, okay. Yeah, I think it's going to throw things off. He's definitely going to throw things a bit weird. I don't, for one, instant think it's going to make somebody jacked for one of a very shit, could it help with the muscle mass increase? Yeah, definitely. Is he going to do something in the lines of a decent cycle? No, is it balanced? Yeah, I would want to stay on it consistently. Personally, the best spot I found. And I don't like test suspension. I'm being honest with you. Now, that's even faster. I am a fan of T and E. Test no Esther. It's oil based, but there's no Esther. And ideally, you want to take it a little bit earlier, like two hours, where you work out. Test space in it. I mean, yeah, you can call it what you want. Yeah, yeah, this suspension is in water. And it's going to be faster because of it, because it's ACU-S, right? Mm-hmm. But you're also going to get more pain from your shots. It's potentially even going to clog the pin. Like that stuff can be, even if it's micro nice, it's stuff can be a mess. So my thought would be my place where I found it to be best, where I thought it shine was as a pre-workout with an existing cycle. Yep. It's also very nice for strength performance on the day. Oh, yeah. But yeah, regardless, it being a good compound builder. No, no, I wouldn't argue that, so. Mm-hmm. Yes, you can get estrogen and e-val. Let's see, that was a pregnant sequestration. Interested in this PGF2A stuff that Dave's talking about. I live in the UK. What's he, yes, we're to get his hands on it. But it all asks a different question. What's the reality of PGF2A in the UK? They start available. It's a fat and redrogue. It is illegal. It's used for cattle to abort. They, it's, unless you have a friendly value, you're going to struggle to get older, but it's not a popular drug in bodybuilding terms because it side effects can be quite uncomfortable. Um, where, where there's some thought that because it is a growth factor, and it is, it is, it is, it is, it's like it is that it can help with side growth. Um, I've never seen it trialled by anyone long enough to see if it would actually amount to anything because like I said, you did feel like grappling. Um, as an acuous, um, the sides are much much less pronounced, and it's much more tolerable. But dosing is a bit all over the place because there isn't really any established dosedote protocols that stood the test of time or had a lot of people use. It's weird exotic that you don't find very commonly. I've known a few people use it with success. And most people give up very quickly with the stuff. But it's, it's, it's, it's not expensive, and it comes in 100 mil bottles. Yeah, it doesn't sound like something that I would want to take part in. No, I tried it for a couple of weeks. Um, a lot of posting injections swelling, a general flu like feeling off it. Um, whether it had any help with sighting and sight development, I can't say, because I said, it wasn't a sustained enough control. All right, Morgan King, he says, Hey, Scott, as a follow up, you and Dave couldn't answer my question because you wanted to know my current test level. My astro dial on cycle was 350 p.m. Test was two 13 enamel. I dropped my astro dial to 150 p.m. in test 21.3 enamel. As you can see, both are mid range. However, I'm curious how out of range test will have an impact. It sounded that as if Dave was to advise something differently. The question asked was, I finished my 18 week cycle of 650 tested HCG, 1000 IU per week with AI. My astro dial was around 350 p.m. and I managed to drop it. Last bloods were mid range. Apart from FSH and LH, I plan to jump on tier T. I struggle to maintain erection sometimes. I feel like loss of sensitivity. I don't have the same libido as pre or during cycle. What could be wrong now considering the bloods look perfect? Thanks for education. Your bloods don't look perfect. Your eastern skin is shit. So what's p.m. so he's 150? 150 is not mid range. He's nowhere near mid range. All right, so when he was on cycle, it was 350 p.m. which is super dly eye. Okay, and n.m. was two 13. Or 10. Open range of each unit's 159. I just double checked to make sure I thought it was 14. If somebody's in his 159. Okay. So with a test level of 21, an ancient level of 155, it's his test to each generation ratio. That's way out. What's your test level average range for UK numbers? So you'll be able to read. Operange will be 29. 21 is good. It's quite high. However, if his SSH and LH are still tanked, then that's his artificial testosterone, still not left his system. He's not producing that. Is he on? No, I think he's on tier T. I'm guessing. I've obviously was starting to RT. Now, just when you when you finish a cycle, as levels come down, test will drop first. East Asian will drop after. Right. It is very common to have a couple of weeks post cycle where LeBee do drops and things are a bit out of what because your test is coming down quicker and earlier than your East Asian is. So your test to Eastern ratio goes out of window. And you will be Eastern-June High and Tesslow in the relativity towards each other, not necessarily in the ranges. But the upper limit of Eastern is 159. So an Eastern level of 150 is high. And it's disproportionately high to his ways to testosterone is. So his testosterone is bottom of upper third. His East Asian is upper of upper third. So that's what's going to be affecting his LeBee though, is the difference between those two markers, not particularly where they're arranged, but where they are in relation to each other. If FSA is an LH is still suppressed, which I, that's what I took from what he said, then that's the remnants of his cycle that still haven't left his body. A week from that result should see him being in a position, a week to tend to a week to two weeks from that result, should see him in a very good position to start his TRT. But there will be a week or two of overlap with the East-June isn't quite settled. And then within two weeks of doing his TRT is East-June should then drop back in line of where it is of that test level and everything should combat his some sort of normanality. You can mess around with some anti-East-June's if you want. I personally don't think the juice is worth the squeeze in that scenario and I think it's better just to ride it out because you're only talking a couple of weeks and things should sell. If they haven't at that point then by all means doing other tests and see if you need to run a little bit of AI on your TRT or you need to adjust your TRT dose to bring things more in balance. Yeah, but yeah, so 150 is not my range though any. Okay, that makes sense to me. Thank you guys for the information and fun podcast question for the next episode. Would I be TRT dependent in time if I do one cycle per year? Say 500 milligrams a test for four months. The start show six to eight cycles usually results and someone become anti-RT dependent. But it is very much person-based. I've seen people that don't shut down on 250 milligrams a week and it's legit and the test levels reflect it but they're still producing episodes in their age. Normally I've seen people shut down on 10 megavar. So, you know, personal sensitive to this can vary quite a bit. The only thing I can suggest you do is test your hormone levels prior to your cycle. Do your cycle if you want to, do your PCT, test your hormones post PCT and use those two of a comparative. If you have returned to normal, great, if you haven't, then I'd wait until you did before you considered doing a next cycle. If you get to the point where you're not returning to your pre-use-age levels, then you know you're starting to create damage and then you can make it decision at that point. Do I want to continue or do I want to stop now until the damage is at such a point in the IMT out to be dependent? I'll go with that. I'd say though this, I mean, my thought would be if he is to run one cycle and that's going to be for four months. That means he's going to be off for eight months. It sounds like he hasn't done anything yet so he's just considering this, right? He's just thinking about, okay, I want to do gear but to me it's not worth it. I wonder how his perspective will change after he's seen what four months of being on 500 test will do? Is he really going to take eight months off? Because a lot of times I have guys that are like, okay, I'm getting ready to do this cycle next. I want to plan out and I'm going to use this compound. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that and I say to him, I say, hey, hold on a minute. We're only four weeks into this cycle. You know what I mean? Oh yeah, I get guys. One and then next cycle, the week after the finish, the one they've just done, it's like, whoa, hold your horses here. We need time. It is addictive. It is hard. You're going to experience progress related to your workload that you've never experienced before and it's difficult to work away from that. Some people can do it and I do know some people that do successfully do it a lot count. So just bad that in mind before you make this decision that our factors of influence here that you've not considered and they can be strong temptations. It depends where you're coming from, you know? It depends on what you go as well. True. It sounds like right at this point at least. His goals are pretty modest. He'd probably be happy to get what he could out of the one cycle. But after you get that, then you start getting, we get greedy and our perspective's changed. And we say, oh, you know what? I'd actually like to be 30 pounds heavier than I am right now. What do I need to do? If I could gain eight pounds and ten pounds in this cycle, man, I could just do this two more times. I don't have to be 30 pounds up. This is going to be freaking, and early. I don't know, do whatever it takes. We, Dave and I both know a guy, unfortunately, resting piece just passed away recently who he really struggled with the notion of coming off. Even when he knew that his labs were absolutely atrocious, terrible, it didn't change his perspective on what he wanted to do, right, Dave? No, I worst I've ever seen. I've ever seen by a mile. To be honest, based on his labs, I'm actually surprised he hadn't passed sooner. It's not what he wanted. It's not where that wasn't what he thought was going to happen. You know, he, he just, he could not walk away. You know, I mean, he was a deeply troubled individual in that sense and bodybuilding meant everything to him and physical development everything to him to the point where so consciously, if not consciously, he was willing to lose his life for it. It wasn't that he hadn't had one in science. It wasn't that he hadn't had information. There he needed to stop. He was aware of this two years ago. I need to be entalled by it would appear several people he was speaking to that it was a done deal. In darkness yet, too, a couple backs, skipped all the same thing. You know, you need to stop, you know, you're going to end your life here if you don't and you continue to continue and unfortunately it came to that. I mean, the only thing I can say is, you know, apart from his resting piece, is that he is hopefully outpiece now because he wasn't, I mean, or he wouldn't have been doing what he was doing in the same way. It is sad, but it is the reality of what can happen and it's not, you know, the drugs have an impact here, but the culture has an impact here as well. The lifestyle has an impact here. You know, we're all massively influenced by by our peer exposure and unfortunately our peer exposure now is 24, 7 all around the world through social media. Yeah. All right, how about this one? So we've really gotten people on this spot reduction fat loss kick Dave. We really have like they are. They're really thinking about it hard. So the next one, question for the next episode, as you guys made me curious talking about spot reduction. If I would go in for life ohsuction and they removed fat tissue from my love handles can regrowth happen in the same area. Would my body create new fat tissue there in the first place or would it distribute fat elsewhere? Yes, I can rebuild. You will get new fat tissue new fat cells eventually fat cells replicate and there still will be some fat there and in those fat cells, they although it might not be like it was before, you can still get fat there eventually. You'll my personal experience of having light bow on my chest, as I mentioned a few episodes ago. But a while I guess since I talked about it because I didn't think a lot of people knew about it, but yeah, I had that done in like 2006 from Sudo, Gina, Camassia, I didn't have gland growth. I had fat deposits from being a teenager and having fluctuating hormones. Once I had that removed, my chest was always the first thing that would get into shape. And it's still to this day, I don't hold any additional fat in my chest like I had before. Hormonally I also changed. There was a hormonal state that caused that fat to deposit there. I'm no longer in that state. If you get a pulled out of your love handles, your love handles are probably going to stay leaner than they would before. Can it regrow? Yes, it will, but probably if you're careful, you're probably probably be alright. Yeah, I mean, you've got to put this in context at the reason you have fat is because your expenditure and your intake are in a negative situation. You eat too much, or you don't move you north. If you stay in that state post-life, you're going to put you're going to lay fat cells back down again. If you use that as a springboard to a new lifestyle there's a lot of people struggle with fat loss, not because they're not willing to die, but because they lose motivation through a lack of result. If you can get instantaneous results with lipo and that then gives you the motivation to maintain the advantage of what if that level is then there's no reason for them to come back and yeah, I think most people that have lipo find that area less likely to heavily deposit fat again. But at the same time, if you stick in a calorie access, it's going to come back and you're going to be back in a positioning web before. I've heard of women getting fat from their hips and butt transplanted to their chest. Have you heard of that? I've then if fat being moves around, but I've not heard of it going to the chest, I've usually heard of it going to the boat. I forget what they call it, but it's a form of like breast augmentation that's more natural. All right, how about this one? Guys, thanks for the education that you share with us. Can you please share more about meant eighties? All the all from dosage to length of cycle. Is it better to run solo or stacked? I mean personal experience from you and your clients. Got no post length experience with it. Got virtually no client experience with it. We've got a few. Powerlift is definitely popular within those realms. Good strength, drug. Mover, effort, for a romanticization and even worse in the acetate form. I found the opposite. I found the other McGon. I found that with, so I ran meant Ace years back, man. Like before, this was there was one company that had it. They brought it out in about 2009. And we knew so little about it. The only thing there was was like the, remember the like the big cat steroid profiles. That was like the only information that it was, it was like a drug of lore that if it were to become available, it would be the mother of all compounds and that it was better than trend and better than everything else. And blah, blah, blah. They didn't really talk a lot about aromatization. But I remember using it in a contest prep and I struggled to dry out. That said, it was substantially, and I was using 50 every other day. I was going to increase it to 75 every other day, but I dropped my vial and it broke on the bathroom or kitchen tile floor. So I didn't have enough. I had to stretch the the other vial out in only use 50 every other day. Going in, which was probably to my benefit. That said, so that was 50 every other day. We'll, we'll say ballpark 200 a week, right? It's close 200 every eight days. I ended up running 100 the trust alone a net 8 and 100 milligrams was substantially harder to control. I believe now looking back it was estrone. I was using 600 tests with it, which would have been about the same amount of tests I used previously with the ace. And I was getting gyno symptoms and like real dark mode. Like I was lifting with nasty aggression and hate. Like here, like I felt like I was channeling Satan in the gym. It was not good. And after about four or five weeks, I quit it. And then I struggled too for like the next two months. I felt like my libido was like still kind of like it wasn't what it was before for a good chunk of time. So there's that. I would argue that the end version would actually really, it wouldn't result it in higher total plasma levels than the acetate would have. And that's why you had the problem. Yeah, right. But I would say from a chemistry point of view that the acetate is going to produce more resurgence. Would test probe produce more estrogen and cycle than what I've seen blood work. Yes, well, yes. Okay. I also see what I see in blood work with test properties, guy high test levels. The peak weirdly that you don't get in and are saying with each of genoph of the back of that. But yeah, I mean either way, it's a powerful drug. It's not the easiest to manage. I've heard various reports from like you said about aggression and dark mode and that's sort of stuff through to just massive levels of information and stress and feeling like crap on it. Fruit over people absolutely love it. So it just seemed and I find this with all the underlums. There's just seem to be a wide range of so-and-one. It does seem to be a wide range of responses to those three main drugs that are sitting in that family. Yeah, they're really yes. You know, they all seem to be wild cards in what they can do to people. Yeah. Yeah, I don't have like you said as far as clients go, I the only times I've ever used to disobey a client really wanted to, you know. You seem to be some power. I've used it with some power, if some clients to go to effect. Yeah, I remember telling you having the dinner with the the championship bench press guys and they were all about meant like they were either trained or meant one of the two those were their two go to. Yeah, it doesn't seem to have the psychological issues as strong as trendals. And I found the opposite man. I found that for me it was like trying I could handle it, but meant man it just like and it was that astronaut. It was just that. I think it was astronaut. It was just nasty man. Oh, yeah, I mean from the client base that I were, it most find meant more tolerable than trend. So if you're looking for that that strength through and and trend is not for you then a meant would be possibly worth having a look at. But I suppose it's down to our well-utilized origins. Yeah. That seems to be the deciding fact to with some people a more sensitive to each other from a mood point of view that I was. Yeah, I try and ace. I could handle and I had taken up to a pretty decent dose in my day competing. But the in meant ace was okay, but meant and that's a was long acting meant man. That was even at that lower dose. It was not it was not for me. That's for sure. I'd never want to do that again. I think that it's set me back in a way. I got stronger's hell, but all right. Well, we're wrapping up here guys, but I do have one more thing. We kind of let's talk about this a little bit last week or in the week before. I got something special here for you guys. I wanted to talk about and and Dave actually did some some homework too. So we'll cover that, but check this out. Let's see here. Guys, I got a little something for you here. It was a little TV commercial. Love a readly good read. Enjoy magazines. Then download readly and try it free with over 1,500 magazines for £7.99 a month. Have your favorite magazines on your screens. Anywhere, anytime, anyone. Readly for everyone. Use readly across five devices. What? Who is that? Guys for the audio listeners. It's Dave crossing with a full head of hair in a bar of a chair. Share it. We'll keep it to yourself. Now the pussy can't teach you. I'm gonna write it down. Dave, did you bring that t-shirt? No, they gave it to me. It was fun. My costume. Did you get to keep it afterward? No, they took it off me. Did they really, they showed it giving you the shirt at least? It was so tight. It was cutting a second. I can see that. It looks like it must have been like a double-ax or something. It was so tight. It was always painful to wear. The hair thing. What was going on there? What is that? My head was completely shaved and I had a wig on. The vis-a-vis spover's, supposedly reading the app over my shoulder and as a result, shaved a big chunk of hair out. I had to go to this wig shop in London and the guy to own it was as gay as you can be. So camp, so flamboyant. He took match in this wig to me. Very, very serious. I mean, I would believe that was your real hair just by looking at this. So he literally styled, he had me for probably an hour and a half different wigs trying to match the tone. So it matched my eyebrows. Obviously he knew my beard's a different colour. Then he styled it. Oh, yeah, just went on and on and on. It was just so flamboyant. It was a lovely guy. It was so flamboyant. It was hilarious because it was just, it's like it somehow felt. I mean, you go to the wig guide. He just happens to be an absolute screaming queen in every aspect of how he acts. Yeah, it was just so fun. I mean, we're absolutely brilliant guy. We're absolutely lovely, fellow. How long did this whole thing take to shoot? Probably a few hours. Where you there for the whole thing or they just deleted this piece on its own? How did that work? So we did the wig, yeah, we did the wig the day before and then I was in a hotel which was just down the road from the barbers they were using for the shoot. And then we were probably at the barbers too, maybe three hours max. That include makeup costume. Obviously there weren't a lot of takes because there was only a couple of wigs and you could only shave it so many times. So he actually did shave the wig. Yeah, he did shave the wig. Yeah. Oh my god. That's amazing. He even got some other commercials. Your beard was longer than, too. Yeah, I saw some pictures just to have me when I had the full beard Jesus Christ. So listen, this is 2018 the person who uploaded this is that one that came off. Could have been, yeah, it could have been, yeah, it would have been after you see. Okay, after the first one. I don't know. So I think we're doing the podcast at this time. Possibly. Yeah, I was down sizing. I believe at the time. Okay. Yeah, that's funny man. That's funny. The audience they were they were waiting for us to get back to that. So Dave, I know you had a little book with you. You got a little, uh, look at guys, Dave's been doing his homework. He's got a little book and he scratches little notes in that little book. He's going to share a little note with us today. Dave, do you have anything for Uncle Uncle Dave's advice for us, baby? I actually have a few things and I had a really good one which I forgot to write down. Yeah, yeah, it pissed me off because it was a good one. So I think I'll probably save the other ones for Dick, he is not writing. No, I can't, you're right. So, yes, I know what I was going to say now. I just had to come in to try and get what I was actually on about when I know it. Okay. Life changes. The problem is usually a case of that we don't get set in a mind set. If you're the, you meet someone who lives in your town but you've never met and before. Okay, so you meet them, you find out their name, you get no little bit about them. Now you're living the same town, you have done for 10 years, never seen this person before in your life. Okay. And then then you see them again two days later. Then you see them again a week later. Then you see them again a couple of days later. It's not that you've never seen them before. It's that you've never paid attention to them before. Yeah. You didn't know them, you hadn't met them. They weren't on your radar so you weren't looking for them. Yeah. They just blended into the background. And he said, life, life is very similar in a lot of ways with the circumstances that we find ourselves in the opportunities that we find ourselves in. If we are negative and we feel negative and we expect negativity, that's all we're going to see. All we're going to see is problems, all we're going to see is roadblocks, all we're going to see is speedblocks. We're not going to see opportunity. Life isn't giving you a bad deal. You're looking for it because you're expecting it. If you start to look for the positives, you will see them. You will see the opportunities. You will see the chances to improve. You'll see opportunity to further yourself to make good on thing. Doesn't mean you're not going to get shit. Doesn't mean crap's not going to happen. Doesn't mean your loved ones are going to get hurt all past away. But it means that you will seize opportunities when they arise instead of missing them because you're too busy looking at your feet feeling sorry for yourself. Yeah. And life can do that to us. You know, it can hit us hard. And once we're on a downward spiral, it is difficult to look up. It is difficult to see the goodness. But it is still there. And it's there. It's just a mindset. How we go through life. How we perceive things in life is very much down to our state of mind. Life doesn't change. The world's not changing. The world's not going it up on you. It's just how you're choosing to perceive the events around you. And you know, and you just, if you start looking at things with an appetite for opportunity, with positivity, you'll see much more opportunity than you are the full possible. Yeah. How do you agree with all that? Look at that. When you actually put your mind to it and you write something down, you can come up with some good stuff, Dave. I've got a couple of nuances. Well, next time. Did you write down Keep Swimming? No. I wrote down Ferrari. Ferrari? Like you just have like one word. And then when you think about that word, you remember what it was about? Generally, it was most things. Yeah. But yeah, I completely should say. I confused myself for this one because I wrote more than one word. That was like hell of my other book. If I just point two words, I don't know what I was other about. Get guys, Dave wrote Ferrari down like a week from now when we do the next one. He's going to look at it. I wrote Ferrari. I don't even know what I was thinking about. Oh, I know what I'm thinking about. Okay. No, I don't know. I'll save it. Save it. Save it. But we appreciate the track suit. We like it. It's a this smoking jacket. So this is my lounge suit. This is from Monster Curving Monster Fyter. Do these parts of it? No, but Amy and Mickie good make some out. And it's like it's quite thin and it's like a square cooked top, zipped. You know what? And it's all over size. This would be really good sort of as a cover up for shows and stuff like that. It just suits that sort of environment. Okay. And it's just it's really comfy. Yeah, I look aside to that because I've got a matching top and bottoms on. Yeah, the bottom's down too. Yeah. Can we get you a grill? Oh, it looks like a very comfortable outfit, actually. It is. It's I can't get in camera. We get the idea. Oh, he's breaking his microphone now. David, it's a guy. We can't take. We can't take Dave anywhere. Nice. It's lovely. I genuinely really like it. Guys, okay. Anybody who supports the Patreon. I'm going to take all that money. We're going to invest in a diamond-studded grill for Dave for the next episode. Don't lie. He's already spending your own drugs. Yeah, you got me. You got me. All right, guys. We appreciate everybody tuning in. I didn't mention it at the beginning. But you can go to Strom Sports Nutrition and you can get some really awesome supplements if you're in the UK. Check them out over there and they don't have a code. But you can write something really lovely in the notes. Like when it says add notes to order, you can say something really nice. What should they say to Rich over there? Dear Rick. I'm trying to think of something offensive. Oh, you're not your Mike. I'm trying to think of something offensive, but subtle. A offensive but subtle. Yeah, so he's not very direct. You know, Robin and just say Rick, you know, which is a bit direct. Right on the head. Yeah, so I'm trying to think of something subtle. Something like, I'm really surprised that you put you in all caps have such great supplements. How about something like that? That would be, that would be kind of a little more subtle, right? I've got a few, but I don't think they would go down very well. So I tried to tempt myself here a little bit. Okay. I'll actually leave that for next week. Let me think. Okay. Okay. Guys, it's supplement source.ca for Canadianstrutantrition.com. Use our code to think over there. I've been trying to get more consistent with protein. Easy way to get more protein is use some protein powder. So I've been adding two shakes a day. I'm using the team skip blend from true nutrition. The toasted marshmallow. I think it's the flavor name. It's pretty good. And of course, Patreon, like I mentioned, take it goes for your support. Guys, go to evalblut analysis.com. Get your lab worked done by Dave. Any of your lucky, you could even get your lab worked done laterally by Dave. You can't set that up. Can you do it like a special button where you click it on the website? Really? You don't, you don't want me doing your vlogs. I am qualified, but I'm not the best. No, come on. Dave's being critical of himself. You do a good job. I've been there first hand seeing you take care of the community. As does your wife and family, Dave's got the whole family trained to fortify too. And you've got people all over the UK so they can stop in at one of your facilities. And the best way to do it is to go to the website. I get people all the time saying, like, how do I go to eval? Go to the website, right? Yeah, I appreciate the people sometimes want to ring us, but it is much easier around if you go to the website. If you ring and you're relying on me booking you in, there's a strong chance I'll forget to do it. Yeah, website, way to go. All right, guys. Leave us questions for the next show and for another episode of Drugs and Stuff with Dave Crosslin. We will see you soon. Thanks, Dave.