for starting though we we were gonna talk about the central nervous system because this ties into to me at least intensity I think back to what intensity meant to me when I was a kid listening to ACDC my parents basement lifting the sears weight set and man I was grinding out those reps as far as I could tell you know like I was given everything I had but it's changed over time and my ability and I've noticed it especially this year my ability to really grind through difficult reps has grown it's changed my definition of what a hard rep is or hard set is has changed and I can't help but feel like I've trained my central nervous system but that's just the thoughts that are floating around my head I know if I brought it to you you would have some stuff that would that would make these thoughts a little more concrete yeah so it's we we sort of it's funny there was there's a there's a study from it was the year is a 63 the original study where people talk about the primary driver of muscle strength gains from resistance training comes from central nervous system was done by more tony and debris like this classic study and they looked at strength gains versus EMG over the course of about an eight week study and you found that the EMG increased in parallel with strength and that when you're not really seeing any detectable increase in muscle size and those first although things are initiated like right off the bat we know this now with more up-to-date measurements you can see like just one exercise battle start to shift the mice and I support you see in muscle and you'll start to initiate the growth process muscle protein turn of returns on after just one one about but the gains that you get take a beginner so this is just one aspect of training central nervous system that's just it's obvious that it's important and that it goes on when you're training is taking a beginner who increases their strength by 60 percent on average whatever over the first two months of lifting they go from you know 95 on the bar on an inclined press or bench press and now they're doing 135 to months later it's totally possible and then or even consider that person who you know starts off when say someone makes really good gains he's struggling one fifty they're sort of weak as a cat they're benching 95 pounds and then they go to they get to two and a quarter so let's say they put on you know the good 70 pounds of muscle and they're and they get really strong and they're benching 405 so that's a fourfold increase in strength and it's not a fourfold increase in muscle mass if you're the hundred and the reference man I believe reference like standard like hundred and seventy kilograms man so that's a hundred and fifty four pound guy like in the scientific literature has like thirty one so like less and set a little bit around seventy pounds of muscle mass okay so it's a doubling of muscle mass to get to two twenty five let's say and a quadrupling of strength the nervous system obviously had something to say something to do with that not all new muscle mass so there's obviously that you train the nervous system we see this too when you look at various ways you interpret EMGs in terms of what's going on in terms of fiber recruitment you can get improvements of muscle endurance as well just by because you're learning how to do this and that's just like looking at it from the perspective of like what signal is coming down the motor neurons in the muscle and that obviously has to do with your brain so we can kind of I'm going to just for the sake of like what we're talking about now for people listening like you get your brain and you got like the motor programs that you develop so let's say you've never juggled before you want to learn how to juggle I did this when I was a kid it was like one year when I was like eight or something like that I'm going to figure out how to juggle so I'm near as heeve today I want to go to the juggle next year and I learned how to juggle I just kept on for like the whole day I dropped shit you know and eventually I learned I could juggle and I learned to juggle in one day I just taught myself by keeping on trying I remember doing this like the weird shit I used to do on the kid but I had developed the motor program through practice and practice and practice so that's what happens with that's why Olympic lifters they can get away with this for other reasons but they're living lifters will do those three Olympic lists and a lot of the living lifters are a power thing in a snatch those are mainly concentric movements and they drop the bar eventually because those lowering movements cause muscle soreness they want to avoid the inroads into muscle recovery they don't want to make the muscle sore they want to train the nervous system and you're getting plenty of loading with those heavy loads you know doubles and triples that they're doing and that will provoke muscle growth and a lot of those folks already have a tendency to grow muscle easily that's why they're the top of the sport doing that sport but they want to practice that those Olympic lift techniques with the heavy loads as much as they possibly can because that's the central nervous system and they actually they've they've actually been research been done I think this was the pair of testes stuff where they've they've you know documented that strength gains in in a leap level like world class Olympic lifters that are substantial like literally you know five ten percent without changing weight classes and as all tech that's not gonna be all tech and that can be done so your nervous system is there to basically it is the largest part of strength gains in the gym in most every situation I mean take your average you know person who goes from beginner to all the muscle they put on of twenty pounds of muscle they might double their strength of the course of doing that but they didn't double their muscle mass yeah so you definitely train the central nervous system out of doubt so then the other side of that like that to start training those motor programs but then you also there's also the whole other aspects of the black box psychological aspects that you're talking about about learning how to grind and learning how to take yourself to places where you haven't previously been and some of that are things like dis inhibition being a big one so there's a paper I wrote an article for the lead FTS I'm trying to think what the name of the paper is but it's a it's or the name of the article is the paper that I talk about in there at least it's a large part of the of the article is by kind Steinehouse from like sixty seven I may have talked about this year it's a study where it's a paper something like factors modifying the expression of human strength and they did this shit before human subjects who made these were what they are now they couldn't get away with this they wouldn't be able to do this now nowadays and never gonna prove they took volunteers and there was one at least one person was highly trained like they said they call them a weight trainer or something like that he was a world class strength athlete at some sort and they had them just do it isometric arm curl basically elbow flexion and they measured a baseline sort of familiarized into it and then they wanted to see what things they could do to make them stronger so one of the things they did was they got them drunk and they disinhibited like you know people say loosens you get mystery inhibitions will they pulled harder so they went from this you know probably pretty sterile you know here we are on the lab the guys with the lab coats and the pocket protectors you know and they're writing things down so they push as hard as you or pull as hard as you can the good good and then they got them drunk and then they went started going to town right yeah but they they gave them and fedemines while they're drunk or different different times there was a different trial only they I don't think they didn't even combo that would have been interesting yeah who knows the fedemines did the same okay they they got a starter pistol and scared the she majines as out of them by shooting off this gun right next to their ear while they were pulling in of course they pulled harder they screamed at them so just like oh like in which of course the same thing is gonna happen when you encourage someone you're screaming at someone in the gym so if princess it this is just kind of an aside in a research situation if you have you have you'd have to control the amount of encouragement that you give your subjects you'll you come in and you have the same person who does his or her best job to encourage the same each time or you don't do any encouragement pretty much which just sucks because it's totally sterile and that's not any fun at all but that makes a huge difference it was demonstrated this study so those are all things up in the brain that are involved with this inhibition at least that's how they interpret removing those inhibitions and the one of the most powerful effects they found was from hypnosis oh yeah they hypnotized everyone and this is this is published in the journal of applied physiology which is a very well-known it's been around for forever it's a well-known high impact factor journal like no one's gonna you get published in JAP it's like hey about down to you man like you got into those with the big boys you're playing big time there in J journal applied physiology and of course this is a while ago but still in their method section to document the effectiveness of the hypnosis that they did the hypnotist took from the subject cool the person who he deemed to be the least amenable to hypnosis and that happened to be this this strength athlete who was just like wow whatever like bullshit you know he's calling you can imagine probably like you know you can't change my strength you can't hypnotize me he was like the world class athlete so he's got that maybe aggressive demeanor like like fuck you you ain't changing me well they put him under hypnosis this is in the method section and I have the quote in my article and I I may even read this under the podcast and in the method section they describe the procedure the hypnotist has did to demonstrate the effectiveness hypnosis he told that subject while he's under hypnosis that I will be touching a hot poker trigger hand just briefly here we go I'm gonna do that and when he touched the guy's hand with a ballpoint pen no hot poker nothing damaging to the tissue he pulled his hand away like he'd been burnt and a blister form that's the weird part I don't get I remember you tell this tell this to us before a blister formed the guy touched a ballpoint pen to his hand he believed that it was hot in there for it burnt him it's crazy it's in there you know it's in there but it's in it this is in like a legit journal this is not it's not the national employer it's the tissue you get in the biological sciences yeah it's like you know J.P.'s big time they do like heavy duty biology based stuff in this case it was a you know psychological type of thing it's insane so so that's the thing like you go and like people say like you know imagine like chy greens been there was interview with him where he's talking about tapping into rage yeah and you know I talk about you know visualization you know I've got an article in other article in FDS about visualization being very very effective and though these are all these are all things that are going on in your central nervous system and you're brain in your mind to allow you to improve performance you can actually train people where they just visualize performing an exercise and get strength gains on order of the same ones that you'd get if they actually did the exercises yeah which makes sense like over the course of many weeks like a ten-week training period on like group ages to imagine themselves doing bicep curls and and group B actually does bicep curls well you don't get that much muscle growth like you get like a five percent like you might get like ten percent increase in muscle cross-sectional area let's see over eight or ten weeks it's pretty good growth um five percent is what I got in one of my studies on average okay thanks five versus seven percent five or seven percent is training a quad and that was with electrical stimulation which even this was in training people but ten percent's pretty good so but you can get a thirty forty percent increase in strength or weightage use for X number of reps in that period of time so most of that strength comes from the motor program and that motor program can run by visualizing and imagining actually doing what it is that you're going to be tested on this case in the scientific study so you can practice those things virtually in your mind's eye and create and train a tremendous strength and improvement it makes me think about and you know for anybody who's been listening to body-building podcasts the people who are always serious in the gym they're the ones that they come the guys who are making the great progress they talk about like oh you got to put your phone away you got to focus don't talk to people you got to get in there and have purpose and we all have our own styles it's a how we want to train but all this leads me to like to that I guess is that you know I mean I'm not saying you need to be hypnotized to go into the gym but I mean I think there is something to be said about visualization you know especially when you're doing progressive overload and thinking to yourself like okay I'm going to get that 150 pound dumbbell for twelve reps today it's gonna happen being able to see that in your head carry it out in your head before you actually even touch the weight the research suggests and there's a couple from I remember recalling it's been sometimes looking at this specifically but there's a couple different paradigms that have been tested but they share the commonality in that you want to re-hers all the thing everything you can you can come up with in the sense orally during the actual visualization procedure so if you're let's say it's a squat you're going for a PR with you know four and five pounds you want to get twelve reps so you would literally get it out there and you would you would maybe even smell the chalk at the chalk or something you smell and you would imagine you know the the knirling on the bar and how are the bar fits down in your back and maybe it tears at your skin a little bit if that's you know if that's how your what happens when you do that what it feels like when you unwrapped that and you have total control of the bar and the bar is your bitch as opposed to oh fuck this is a heavy bar yeah like all the and what you see like like what you see like if there's a mirror in front of you you see yourself squatting down or maybe you don't see anything or maybe you just see a blur some people just do a blur you know that happens to them they just they unfocused but everything you feel see you know the sensation in your muscles even if for me this is convenient important like sometimes there can be a sort of a mental but potential for a mental breaking point during a set where you get to the end of the set and you're and you like all of a sense think okay three left and when when when that happens you can create a self-fulfilling prophecy and it's like okay well I'm just going to get three and this will be done and that can be a very smart way to train them I'd say you don't do that you know if you think if three's all you got the three's all you got but then there's also those times when and I you actually employ this sometimes a lot with myself is I will set a number beyond which is probably reasonable and imagine that so I like I can like said okay so how's that I'm getting fucking 15 with this set of a bitch okay you know and more or so most of the we got was 10 so I start off that set and sometimes that's backfire on me because I start I start going so rapidly and trying to be hanging out the reps that I had my form fails but but I have so now I know I have to visualize that and I visualize myself going through like that eighth rep when it looks like he's got like one left and I'm like no mother fucker this is when the shit starts yeah and you know with that feeling like when you have that mojo working where you're like like every rep is gonna be my be-out sheer rep by rep contraction by contraction and you go past what you would otherwise because you're you got the mojo working that's just that's happening if you've seen that once you've just done it it's right there in your mind in all the ways you can imagine this is kind of the important part is that it's not like you just say it you have to see it and experience as much as you can and like that you know that thought like oh fuck my legs hurt like shit like you don't want that thought you want that thought of like this is what I want my legs to feel like yeah I would drive past this shit so you rehearse all those thoughts and you ever have like and this is just something that just sort of thought of you ever have a workout where maybe start off a little tired you're getting things going but you start doing pretty well absolutely sick all the time you know they go in like shit they have a great workout and you get to that you get like halfway through your workout and all of the sudden you've just feel completely revitalized and you feel like everything like as opposed to like you're starting to slow down as the workout progresses you're actually like picking up speed and it's because you've had multiple wins sort of speak during that workout so we have to sort of see it you've been kicking ass you've had all these sets that you just like barrel through and now you've got you've actually experienced that driving through those reps where like this just getting hard and really pushing to a true failure point you can do that and bypass the need to having it had done some previous sets where you experienced that by visualizing all that in the first place and that's and so that is the visualization it's gigantic and you know there's there are stories of you know like skill athletes basketball players and you know people who you know baseball pitchers and people of that of that ilk who have a very skill oriented motor program detailed task part of their activity their sport and they can practice those things in their mind but you have to practice well too you can't just practice sloppy so same thing goes for the visualization so there's that so the important point here like there's there's a this sort of black box that's the term that guy from back in my graduate school days in Texas that Eddie Coil was an exercise he still is an exercise physiologist a lot of work for Gatorade done some phenomenal stuff like examining the physiological limitations to endurance cycling and he's like over the course of like 12 15 years he created this really kind of cool wide of research where he demonstrates like the glycogen becomes limiting you know when people bonks he sort of demonstrated that how you can you know supplant that perhaps with drinking Gatorade and blah blah blah and but he used to just talk about and people with every once in a while asked like so what about the brain like what about effort levels he's like I we don't worry about the black box and he would say that like the ciches like you know there's a lot of it's going out there but he's like we just for the course of this for the purpose of this class we have to focus here and recognize that these are some mutations but there's a guy named Tim Nokes NOA KES people want to look up looking up I think I sight him in my B.R. Bodybuilding Coach book and he talks about the central governor theory and he may have coined that term I'm not sure but so the central nervous system is the governor to performance just like you know like semi is on the highway they put a governor on their accelerator on their throttle so that they can't exceed the speed limit right fast yeah so there's this governor theory and he's got in the course of like he's got at least one maybe two another probably very spurgeons now of review of the literature demonstrating the ways in which you see that the brain seems to be the penultimate limiter to performance at the highest levels and hypnosis is part of that the effect of drug some of the things they talked about in that early study um expectancies and what competition can elicit in people so like you can find like you can you can you when you put like um at least in the lab you put like competitive cyclists on a a cycller governor and have them race you like a standard time trial race and if they they will try to paint and they're really good at pacing themselves they know they've been used to like this is the pace I can maintain this is my lactate threshold I go too fast and then I will end up having to slow down and it's so they optimize their race pace but if you put them against a simulator who's outpacing in a little bit like someone to compete against they will they will go faster I bet yeah and that and that's like why I say like the best training partner is someone who's going to make you their bitch every day I'm using the word bitch here you are what's up with that the bitch and it was so that just lift out man it was good I must have a two more somewhere no bitch probably several this is sound bike for you yeah but they will they will race faster when you have competition so and everyone has seen that how many times you've heard like you think you train hard and you go it's always someone else you train harder yeah you go try to keep up with them and you find a new level and like holy shit I had no idea I could do that yeah I think that's it I'll be out ahead of video that he like kind of co-produced with the guy that is like a competitive eater I think I just sort of listen to part of it and the guys guys were entertaining right and so he went he trained with Fula and then he had like a like a five guys hamburger eat off thing okay but you know the guy went in the train legs they did what you know one of the food standard training sessions which is much higher volume this guy is used to and he's trained like I trained pretty hard okay he's not he didn't just start yesterday but he's like he's like he never thought he could do some of those he's never gone that far at all in his life yeah and that's just like a recent example I literally heard you know like 12 hours ago and listening to YouTube when I was walking the dogs I think that's one of the things people are running into with all the quarantine stuff when they've talked about being demotivated training from home not only it's not just having training partners but like having the other people when we talk about like the energy of a gym I think that that's part of that you know just having other people around you that are pushing themselves absolutely yeah so I mean there's so much to this there's so much it's going on in our subconscious like one of my one of my favorite placebo studies I've talked about the the Diana Ball study here the steroid studies you know where people and like there's there's other example of another kind of cool one from cycling which popped into my head because just mentioning cycling is they could give people they tell them that they're getting different doses of caffeine under different conditions all of which are placebo's and their and their performance is improved in a great fashion depending on the size of the dose they were told they could were given. Oh, be damned. Oh, when they're given the here comes your big dose of caffeine you should just ask today and like they kick ass that day and like today you don't get any caffeine so good luck hope you make it through. Oh, no, yeah and they fucking drag ass. Yeah, I think pre workout is like that for a lot of people too you know that it's I think that when well you know when you started training or even when I started training pre workout wasn't even an invention yet really I mean they had ultimate orange. Oh, ultimate orange. Yeah, they did have that but it didn't catch on the way that it has nowadays. I know people who bought a gym membership and bought a tub of pre workout they've only known to train with that it is there is a mental thing of like I gotta have at least something. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's funny like there have been times this happened like it doesn't happen very often but like it's happened usually when I'm dieting down and I'm taking my fat burners which basically are and are being pre workouts. Yeah, I get to like running around and like sometimes like sometimes I'm a motorcycle now that's wasn't a problem in the past when it's happened but and I just forget to take like one of my doses in the middle of the day I get out and I just like I usually have like like all those things in triplicate I have a little box in my cooler care with me a little bit I just forgot and I go to the gym in the afternoon and I'm going to start going through my checklist of like I've done anything to get ready I'm like oh shit I forgot my pre workout. Yeah, but I don't I can't even tell it doesn't I don't even doesn't even register with me it's not like oh God I can't train I'm like I just kind of forgot that it's like I forgot to wash these socks but it doesn't fucking matter I'm going to train hard anyway. Yeah, so I think some people they connect the two things and then that could become a limitation. Then they've sort of you know an operate conditioning kind of way leech themselves to training with a pre workout because they want to feel that way it gives them confidence and it gives them a sense that they're in the right mindset the right state of central nervous system stimulation in order to train the way they've been training it's a state depending learn it's I'm using this in a very armchair kind of way but it's state dependent learning like I only know how to train if I'm on pre workout sure sure sure you know yeah I think we we do that a lot we do that a lot I think I I've I've found when I've built a ritual around training like all of us who've lifted for a long time before you know it it's like okay I've taken my pre workout and then I take the IGF and then I take the the insulin or whatever it is you've got this whole cocktail of things 30 minutes 15 minutes as I'm walking in the door like you have this whole list of things it can become overwhelming I like that idea of stripping it back though and recognizing you know that those are things that you could become dependent on and that you don't I don't know man I keep going back this I'm going to tie this into the blister I don't know if I I don't know if I if I have a hard time wrapping my head around believing that somebody could believe that they would get a blister from the ballpoint pen and actually get it but I want to believe like I want to believe that's possible because if it is it just tells me how strong the mind is and how much I can prepare for a workout or anything it's it's interesting because there's there's all sorts of accounts and you know how true to they are I don't know of you know people healing themselves with with their minds you know all the thoughts about you know so and so with cancer and people pray for them and blah blah blah and you know who knows but I know that there are there are accounts seem like they're a little more reasonable of like like mothers who were in car racks and they had to lift like a you know 800 pound tree off their car to save their child and they did it somehow yeah which you know would be like how the hell could that possibly happen so there's some incredible feet there's some like there are actually a heart rate measurements of full-grown adult firefighters where they're heart like on their on top of a burning building you know life to find a death-defying type of um experience in their heart rates going 220 beats per minute that's so that's 220 is supposed to use your the most standard used it has a pretty wide standard deviation but the most standardly used estimate of your max height is 220 minus your age so if you're 30 your max height should be 190 so if your heart rate is 220 that's like three standard deviations above which is possible but that's just a ridiculous heart rate yeah and there's the breath hold diving yeah which you know people can do which will last I there seems to be last I looked into this no one's been able to completely physiologically explain how it is that that can be done unless the person's metabolism is slowed in some way she had to form could you consider the rate of oxygen use just at rest plus the oxygen use to perform the exercise to do the diving and that's a lot of that so that you're just going down you know so that like actively swimming and the amount of time it's like there act there should be no oxygen left yeah first survival unless metabolism has slowed and so I often look into that again like that maybe one of my little rabbit holes to follow down next few days but like that's sort of like one of those how do we we don't have a physiological explanation for this so you mentioned something and it kind of ties into some of the further thought I've had about this so you know if I'm able to grind through reps and endured handle more now than I could in the past and you know you mentioned like the lady who picks up the the tree off the car whatever I mean anecdotal report those those things happen you know you hear somebody lifting a car off of their kid or whatever those things do happen but those things like those people who do those things they aren't doing that every day we're a fitness and bodybuilding we're trying to do that at least every week you know check this because there's another another placebo experiment that and I can find the reference that they've done this they've done experiments where they used a topical anesthetic like a light a king and expose people repeatedly to I think it was an ice bath which we put your arm in an ice bath and that's like that's very very painful at the total perturbation of your autonomic nervous system very very stressful and they can test various other you can't keep your hand at it very long it's a pain tolerance test you know women tend to do better at that than man actually they can keep their arms so it's a very longer but there's also such the cool things too like there's there's also a study normally what we have is based a constriction in that case you know you're that's why we have people have frostbite and the idea there is the body's conserving the blood to stay in the core of the body keeps the core alive and the core includes your brain so if you're if your brain dead the rest of you doesn't matter but if you lose an arm it's better to lose an arm it's still a brain than the lose a brain and have functioning arms for the donor yes so normally you have basil constriction but there's there's their studies of New England a warf workers like fishermen who are constantly putting their hands in ice cold water and they can do that and they actually have a basilidilitori response their system is learned or reversed the natural flow of blood which normally is reduced to increased flow there so that their hands can stay warm while they're dipping in this ice cold water and pulling the fish you know the buckets are what have you so ice cold water so you can reverse those things with constant you can reverse the normal autonomic response and of course this is what yogis do they can drop their heart rates down like really really low levels you know with just their breath and the thing I was going to say back to the arm and the the top of the anaesthetic is that they've done placebo studies where they they exposed someone I think it was the cold water immersion exposed their arm to that arm gets really cold they experienced that and they said they put a lot of cane on there which numbs them and then they give them various exposures to actually a true nummy experience from using the pharmaceutical topical that numbs their arm and makes it put not hurt or not hurt as much and then they give them a placebo they say okay we're going to do another one with you know blah blah blah and they put their arm in there and like you know it doesn't hurt at all it's like okay great and there's nothing on there to put your nummy arm they just think it's going to be numb because they've experienced that and what they put on their looks and feels exact it smells exactly the same is what actually did so they were previously exposed to that situation where the cane was gone yeah so if you go and this is where I think called self hypnosis called you know learning to grind or what have you if you repeat of the going there and I mean one of my one of my just a little personal thought here like one of my favorite songs the song by anthrax called safe home okay and one of the themes in the song is like this is my safe home is is in the gym and if you can get that create that experience in your head where this place that I go to which is just mind boggling painful and full of maximal effort and potentially exhaustion is a place that I create for myself and this is my house baby this is where I fucking live you can go there repeatedly and each time you can go there you can go a little bit deeper into the house and explore it a little bit more and next thing you know it's not like it's not like a haunted house where you're scared to shit this I'm going to you know what's going to happen this is awful like let me out of here I can't wait to this set stops instead it's like now we're on my territory baby this is where I live and these last reps at the end of the set and that's sort of an analogy you may even say those things to yourself in your head I do sometimes you know everyone wants to know who's your fucking daddy like in the middle of the cat you know and that's funny seller right you know yeah he actually said that who's your daddy and that's because like here we go bitch we're going in we're going after it's time to it's time to go into my home this is where I live just for these brief moments in time and I've accumulated over years of experience as you have and you're starting to see now familiarity with that place psychologically where where you have to disinhibit where you have to pull back where you have to be able to recognize that this pain in this effort is all part of what you're trying to evoke this is where you want to be this is not forintereintory that you need to escape from this is your your your home land so to speak that you want to go deeper into so you can keep on doing that and that's that's like learning to take charge of that central governor and disinhibit and you know bring out things that you wouldn't otherwise be able to so you want so you can imagine then like that's part of this visualization experience is imagining what it's like in the home so but does it stress you they want it house and you're like just oh just like and you're like oh shit you know I know what's in there but if what if you stop and say I've been here before I know just what it's going to like and then you open the door and then you go in and it looks just as you just imagine it totally different experience so we're going to say but does it stress you does it stress you more because you are digging deeper and deeper and deeper into you know this level of discomfort is that is that harder on your body over you know repeatedly going further and further and further of course yeah like that's that's the point the stress is the stimulus in that context there's this stress and there's you stress people kind of use those terms like like when you win the lottery and you're happy you shit that stress will right that's your sympathetic nervous system gets jacked up and like like that's a form of stress it's a pleasurable one yeah but it's also kind of a stress and you absolutely when you when you do those two extra reps beyond the you know ten that you would have done otherwise yeah without it out but those those physiologically are the are the they're the most effective reps so to speak which is a really nice term just to sort of conceptualize all this so those are the ones that hopefully produce the stimulus that then a vocabular adaptation then what you currently were maintaining and training up until that point okay so if you just kept on doing those 10 reps with that weight you're not going to grow but if you start adding a rep every week then then you're going to have a unique stimulus that hopefully produces an adaptation which supports the ability to again produce a unique stimulus meaning you add another rep which is almost your eat and rest recover enough then you can have a greater adaptation so that the next time you could even get another rep and then like the whole system you know stimulus recovery stimulus or eat sleep row easily coiously crowed I guess I was thinking of like you know when I spoke to Chris Duffin and when I listened to him in Victoria talking he was saying like this is gonna kill me that was his talk was like that you he felt like you could only do this so many times you could only put like he was training with 900 pounds on his back and he was like every time I train this is killing me is the way he felt about it yeah there is I mean and that's extreme you know we aren't yeah I'm not squatting 9 no you can only you can only get away with so much you know Ronnie Coleman is the you know quit a sense of the sample if someone who just he put everything into it now he sort of paid the price in and Chinese medicine they have a nice way of kind of conceptualizing this and you see this and all sorts of forms and you'll one of these we've talked about and you'll relate to is you have you have the various energies of the organs and all the bits and pieces of Chinese medical theory but you have your in your kidney is where you're sort of root energy is your kidney energy and especially your kidney essence which is actually related to your ability to reproduce and it's something that you start off with at least according to most texts and I've always asked it's always been like can you replenish this or can you not it's like you start with a given amount of this kidney essence or jing is the name for the for the vital substance and then as you age it gets lower less and less and less like having gray hair as a sign for just one degree of less essence right your bones getting less low back pain which tends to happen etc etc but there's every time you go through something really stressful stress will period in your life actually the the teeth are manifestations of the bone which is fed by the kidney's energy in Chinese medicine and someone who runs hard and lives hard are people who are methods and you sound like they age like 15 years and six months you see the before and after and their teeth fall out too and that's mountain nutrition you can explain that from various other ways but there's also that's the Chinese medical way of conceptualizing this so obviously and this is this it's in with the rate of living hypothesis which is one idea that is sort of behind the thought that you know to some degree like free radicals and which are producing greater extensive the higher metabolism and the higher metabolism the shorter your your actual lifespan suggests that the fast you live and the harder you live and the more you live so to speak the shorter your life is going to be so you kind of have like a and there have been various philosophers who've had this sort of thought of theirs you've got this sort of this quantifiable amount of life yeah and you can bet you can burn out or you can fade away so to speak you know um like the guy from the highlander you remember that the bad guy from the highlander yeah it's kind of fogger burn out in a faded way we've definitely heard anyway so there's something to say for that and so yeah you live really hard and fast and those sorts of things are like because after you do one of those nine of brown squats you probably be fucked for like four or five days yeah yeah and then he do it again the next week training for a thousand in one you know it's like it's the extreme of course but then I do ask myself like you know even on an exercise like an isolation movement I'm thinking about hamstring curls looking at my machine I'm looking at it because it's right there so I have hard time not like having having the conversation this way it's like talking to me loving what bitch I'm watching you so uh but but I have realized like I can grind through these reps even when even when it's not hardly moving even when it stops and I'm just giving everything I have and I'm like holding holding holding and then eco eco eco eco tiny tiny tiny bit more like the reps that I'm doing on this at times it's like stuff that I know I couldn't have done years ago and then afterward I'm wondering like well what did that do to my recovery right now you know and that's the thing I think there and this is why you know this is built into four to get training those failure reps I limit those uh and you're keen you to like this is you kind of set it for me there okay you've heard me say this a million times maybe it's cooking for you differently but you limit those you do those to sort of test yourself and develop that capacity to some degree plus that gives you those those are highly effective rest but you also pay the piper for them yeah because the inroads to recover and this is purely like I've heard many people say this time I've been saying it for a long time um that you know you can only get a giant metals is said it for a long time too like you have to use those intensification techniques where you have multiple failure points like a drop set or you know maybe if you're doing a cluster set where you have more than one failure point you get a superior stimulus you know in that in the two reps in reserve and one rep in reserve from those last couple effective reps but you also get depending on the person and exponentially greater inroads to recovery overall so yeah you do three sets and stop stop for short set short of failure no big deal but you do one set where it's where you end up like getting one of those grinder reps that is just absolutely mind boggling and that might be the equivalent stimulus at least in terms of what your nervous system has been taxed in doing so everyone's balance is different there that's the thing you know and that's like that's where the where the to some degree where it's one factor the determines how much volume someone can get away with training with yes if they if they don't train like you do and like their failure point you know the reps and I was actually I have a post had all sorts of computer problems so I've been able to put up anything but um if you look at a skeletal muscle as it as if a teague so you can like take a muscle and just stimulate it so you take the nervous system completely out yeah you just watch it watch it's watch it's force production it will kind of decline in the sort of exponential way you'll see it kind of decline so that's the basis of using velocity of movement as a way to dictate effort level during resistance exercise there's people are starting to investigate this now so what you see as someone years the end of a set of taken to failures that bar speed slows on and movement they're using a bar so you can use velocity bar speed is a sort of high-tech fancy it may be overkill in many practical situations but you can use that as a way to limit the inroads or limit the effort put into each set so you know you stop all your sets when your bar speed slows to x percentage of the initial reps bar speed that means you're getting x amount of a teague because you're trying to go is you know at a faster pace but you simply can't because the teague force you so that might stop you two or three reps shy you could just stop two or three reps shy as well but the thing that we know then is that when muscle fatigue it doesn't like it doesn't like you know force force force force force force force force force it's like also boom the force is just drop off like that it's like a light switch turning off if fatigue is when energy supply can't match the energy demand and that is a slow gradual process it's a function in muscle of fiber type the enzymes that are in those fibers the mitochondrial content the the economy efficiency the miastin which is a function of fiber type funny I you tested all those things and so faster fiber types will we're more fatigable and slower fiber types are less fatigable but you still see like this gradual decline as some sort and if you're training with the nervous system that's driving the muscle to its maximal capacity like east-end wood and does okay you're going to see the same kind of fatigue curve so you'll be rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep rep. and then maybe you try one more you like move it a little bit than you're done yeah that's and you could see that like most people stop put three reps shy of that and that's because they're because they're nervous system their psychology their their their central governor is not evoking just stops the set. As a protective mechanism, probably in most cases. So the idea that's put forth by Tim Nokes and the central governor is that even in almost all circumstances, even in high level sport, there's still something left in the tank, most of the time, in almost all circumstances. And there's something there. And most people, like, they're so far from a max effort and best performance, just because of the central governor. So there's, so back to where I kind of started, like, there's the motor programming aspect of it. Like, you could have someone who, let's say, is a highly, highly trained athlete in, like, a wrestler or, you know, like, a intermediate distance runner, four and eight or meters, like some really hard shit. They're requires you really that you have to know how to push and push to pain. So they're central governor and their ability to disinhibit and drive is really pretty well advanced, but specific to their sport. So it's the limitation there is in, isn't the central governor aspect, it's not their psychology. When they go in the weight room, it's because they've never done those lists before. So you'll see they train and, like, you probably had clients, maybe, like, even a beginner client, and it's like, wow, they train really hard. But they're wobbly in this sort of thing. So their limitation there is probably still motor skill, because they got years of training and pushing and fighting through the pain, like, it's not a lack of effort in their case. It's just they don't know how to do the exercises. And they'll learn that really quickly. So their effort level doesn't, doesn't change. And then there are some people, like, who have both the motor skill issue. And then they have to learn how to train harder. And, like, in your case, you've got the motor skills down and now you've shifted your training. So you're exposing yourself to more of those high effort, like, grinder reps. And now you're working on that central governor. And, of course, that's going to require that because you're doing more of those really all out reps that your volume is going to have to come down. Yeah, that's exactly where we're been. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, so yeah, the central governor system gets trained. Yes. Very sweet. Wow. I knew if I asked you this guy that you would have a lot to say, and you'd be able to expand upon it. So thank you. Yeah. It's just, like, it's really like this whole central governor thing is really fascinating because it doesn't deny the fact that, you know, you can feel when the glycogen levels are low and that contributes like that does, is a limitation. But there's multiple limitations. Yeah. You know, to performance at a higher level that can all, the limiting factor can be at so many different levels. And it's so it's a long time ago I did a talk on causes of fatigue. And I think I maybe wrote an article on this. I've written about it somewhere. But so, like literally you can like, like a low side, a low-case of fatigue or low-sciath fatigue, like locations of fatigue. And it's like, so there's the central governor, this is the brain. And that can even be a function of like the neurotransmitters in there that are feeding or sort of the meadow asses that are entering the blood, like tyrosine, versus all trip to fan that are feeding the catacominal levels, the dope being levels in the brain. Like there's, that's one, that's one thought that the exposure to, to, to, trip to fan and versus tyrosine. And the, the entry of amino acids in the brain because it cause it be a cause of central fatigue in the brain. Yeah. So there's all these potential like neurotransmitter, potentially just psychological issues. Like what if you have someone who, you know, who grew up with an overbearing father who forced them to exercise? And they've got psychological trauma that in that, and some of that psychological trauma, it actually creates epigenetic changes in, on the DNA of the neurons of the brain, in areas that are responsive to trauma. And I've, I just came, I've discussed this with the friend of mine as a therapist. So literally the brain, the neurons in, in those areas of the brain that were activated during traumatic experiences. Now turn on genes differently and react differently about, when exposed to things because of these epigenetic changes. Epigenics basically determined to what extent and with what likelihood of the ease, which genes are turned on or turned off in response to the stimuli that the, the stimuli that the cells are exposed to. So you got someone who was forced exercise and they had an overbearing father, if they didn't win, you know, would say, you didn't win. So we're going to the weight room. You got to get stronger. They can make them squat on night long or some crazy shit. It's on tight. Good mood. You got nice mute skills there. I've done it before. A couple of times. Yeah, that's your first rodeo. So so that person, when they get in the gym and now they're like, they're way, like, you know, the daddy issues, they think are kind of resolved, but they get in the gym and like, well, they want to squat because it does good for their legs and it's like a saying a thing. And like, now they start having like this, at least friggin flashbacks, like almost PTSD, like, having to squat because, you know, they lost and they didn't get daddy's approval. Like, where's that's happening, like, at an epigenetic level in the brain. And then we can like, like, at the other end of the extreme, you could say, well, you know, I think this is, this might be a function of, you know, the interaction at the T-Tubles and the Sarko plaza, we're ticking them in terms of calcium release because calcium is the intercellular singular for mice and acting interaction of the crossbridge cycle. So, you know, you've got, you've got a limitation there in those cells in those fast switch fibers. Because you can't, you're not, in terms of calcium handling. So there's going to be a Bob Fitz who's written about all this stuff. So there's even evidence that, Touseling handling is a, is a locust of fatigue in certain fiber types, I believe, and like rats, fiber muscle fibers. Okay. So which is it? Is it the fact that your daddy was an asshole, or that you, you have a bad ryanidine receptor, you know, somewhere in your best switch fibers. So there's all these different things from literally talk to bottom. You know, the thing that could slow your, your truck down could be a loose lug nut, you know, or it could be like, you know, something on the, and the throttle mechanism, or anything, or the fact that you're out of gas. For your oils low, or all these different things. So we always think, well, it's the engine, you know, that must be it, but it could be a bad axle that's twisted, you know, million different things in just a simple relatively simple thing like an automobile. And our bodies are, you know, more complex. And a certain way. So yeah, the brains are big part of it. And I think this is the one that at the upper end of like performance and doing the stuff you're trying to do that I'm trying to do that a lot of list of trying to do an e-cout gains after years of training when gains come pretty easily. A lot of it's a lot of it's year. So I had, um, a funny story related to like going to the gym with like the, you know, the bad ass mindset thing. So one of the things I'm, in fact, you asked me about a New Year's resolution. I don't really have one, but there's one of the things I'm trying to do more of. And that's just sort of speak my mind freely. And be kind of authentic and just sort of say what, you know, be just truthful and honest and step away from the personas that I tend to wear in various situations. I've been wearing those as I was a kid. And I was at the gym. And so there's, there's two, there's two people in the, two women in the gym. They're doing Olympic lists. And one was having trouble with the straps. It's kind of comical. She never used them before. Oh, yeah. So we all kind of, she and the person shown were kind of laughing. So I was doing what I was doing. And then I had like five seconds when I was switching muscle groups and I said, hey, let me show you quick the, the trick to the straps. I put my straps on and use your thumbs to bring the straps around. You could put them on there really easily. So it took like all like eight seconds. And I, and she's like, oh, wow, that looks really easy. And like there you go. Good luck with it. And I went back to what I was doing. But another guy in the gym saw me take that break in this sky likes to talk super nice guy. Oh, yeah. But he's how I do not talk less. Yeah. Like, oh, and once you get me going, I'll start rambling as I, you know, people know me to do. Right. And so he's like, hey, Scott, and I'm like, yes, he's like, I want to introduce you to someone. I'm like, chest because I helped her out. Doesn't mean I'm open to a big long conversation. Did you say that? So yeah, I did. And I didn't sit like your dick. But I like, I knew like, that's, he wouldn't have said that to me. Had I not stop? Cause like, it was my chance. Right. Because you could see when someone is like, you know, waiting to like get their chance. And I just have to avoid eye contact with some people. I can, you know, fist bump. And we can talk for five seconds. We don't. Yeah. And then other people like you just can't do that. Because they want to tear you away. They don't understand that groove that sometimes kind of has to be in for safety reasons. And I know the listeners, I'm going to interject here. The listeners might not know this about you, but you feel that you need to respond. There's times that I've texted you. And I've just been like, you know, just sent a text. And I like, Scott will get to it when it gets to it. But then I know you've been like, I had a really busy day. And I didn't get a chance to text until now. And then you give me this long explanation back. And it's like, you felt like you needed to like if I came up to you. And I'm like, I'm much better at that. Good. But I've noticed that about you. I can imagine that if I walked up to you in the gym, I was like, hey Scott, how's it going? I want to tell you about this. And you'd feel like, okay, now I'm obligated like there'd be part of you. This guy, he's, I'm not even sure to what extent, but somehow he's connected academia. Oh, and I knew like this is going to be, he's going to want a formal introduction. And literally, I'm just, I am, I am just fucking cranking. I was having a bad ass workout. I was doing great. You stopped now. I was totally working. And I'm like, no, I just can't do this. I say, because you'd like to talk and you will catch me next thing and know we're just talking galore. And they're told in that. I just kind of, like, I was, but it was very nice, you know, because I knew that I did not want to break that away. And back story about four years ago, I actually went to a tour part of this biceps was during, was in a similar situation when I was hosting a meetup group for a bodybuilding meetup group. And a guy wanted to follow, just kind of watch me train. Yeah. And I felt obligated to kind of teach him and showing what I was doing. I would, too. And I ended up, yep. And someone else came in and next to the guy who I was like, people were running late and I were going to go eat. So I went and I actually was doing a side lateral machine when I tore my biceps. Yeah. And so I injured myself because I stopped everything. I wasn't properly warmed up and I, my work I got interrupted. So some of itself protected. But anyway, the point of me bringing all that up was actually when the one guy walked away, I went and introduced my self, the guy who was referring to it. And said hello. So we could say this before he comes back because it is going to want to talk, but it's to me, you know, I'm Scott. But like that was like that was part of the groove that you know, I had that was just like, this is what I'm here. This is fun. Like you wouldn't pull over Lance Armstrong if he's like cruising around, you know, and say hey Lance, can I get your autographs? And it's like, I'm on a ride. No. Yeah. It's like it doesn't. I'm not sure if I don't want to give you an autograph. I love to talk to people. But Lance was in his, he'd set, like, if Lance is on his bike, you know, he's at lactate threshold. He's cruising. And then the time trial, I was rocking. I was having a great workout. Yeah. And I saw it just letting him and it was totally fine. We laughed about it afterwards. Good. And I, but I was truthful with him. And I still would say that. Like, I even told him, you're on my Do not talk less. You like to talk too much. And it's nothing, it's nothing derogatory. It gets the person at all. It's just the truth of the matter. Yeah. That kind of disarms it to the way you handled that versus it being like, if you don't talk about it, then he might think you're just a dick or something. You don't I mean? Yeah. I mean, if he, if this thing, if he doesn't get it, then he doesn't get it. I can't like, yeah, they can, they can get that. The other guy actually apologized for him. If you knew why, like, I think he didn't want that. And because if he was, I think he's a, he's a power lift and pressure is training for a competition. So, yeah. It's, yeah. There's no reason to be upset. I was actually had fun interacting with him. Like, not now, man. No friggin way. I got like, I like that, that's, that is, I think I used the word bass at or ass battery or bad assory. Yeah. I said, you know, we, we cannot disrupt the flow of bad assures that going on right now. And I went about my business. He's like, okay. So anyway, but we get, let's just questions. I saw you looking. I haven't looked at all. I've been just to busy rambling. We did have a couple here. There was one from Brandon. Let me see if I can pull this up. Okay. Let's see. My mouth isn't clicking right. Yeah. Yeah. This is in reference to another podcast. He says, hey, guys, I would love to hear Scott's opinion on the question. Skip and ask to H answered on the last episode of Blood Sweat and Gear in regards to how we can make Deloads more enjoyable. I know Skip mentioned trying out new exercises slash machines that you haven't used. But I feel like that would prevent a novel stimulus that could, or that, Yeah, that would prevent a novel stimulus that could potentially increase the amount of muscle damage you experience. And lower the ability to recover within the Deload week. We'll love to hear how Scott would approach a Deload. And if he's remembered to keep exercises the same or just like that, or just drop down your volume as most do during a Deload. Brandon, my man, you need to go read the 4-inch you training book. I'll tell you what, Skip had said real quick here. So Skip had said he was like, listen, when I do a Deload, I could just go in and have fun with it. He was like, that might be an opportunity for you to use like if you're in a groove, you're not going to try anything different. You're not going to go over and try that machine or try a new exercise. He was like, I've messed around with machines. I went to messed with before when I was in a strict groove. And I found that that's given me an opportunity where like, hey, I like this chest press. I might give this a try in the future. That's what he was saying basically. But he said have fun with the Deload. Don't don't overstress yourself with it. So here's how I do like my intensive cruises in 4-inch training are an answer to this. I think he's read the 4-inch training because I'm going to be on his podcast for your presentation. So one in order to avoid like the increasing muscle damage, what have you. I have people drop down a volume to your. So and space out there training a little bit. So they train a little less frequently and they drop with the less volume. Yeah. But in line with what we see in, and I looked at the evidence was available. Time I wrote it. There may be more often up the look on this one as well. But the evidence at the time was pointing and this is how it's typically done in many, many sports is you do a taper. If you want to have improved performance on the day of a meet. So you keep your effort levels and the quality of your efforts. High, but you reduce the volume. So swimmers would still do, you know, maybe a couple time trials with their event. But they would they cut their their yardage in half. You know, and sprinters wouldn't do nearly as many, you know, all of sprints are maybe to shorter sprints. But they still would do sprinting. So the main training. The effort level. And then if you do a taper the right way you come back, strong as your performance is peaked. Yeah. So that's how I produce that. The also as far as the fun goes. The intense accrues are chest muscle rounds, which people find to be the most fun anyway. And so the most fun by far. And muscle rounds are de facto auto regulated and auto selected in terms of the exercise. So if you want to use the exercises you've been using, you can. But you can also pick whatever you want. The idea being that, like, you know, I haven't done a muscle round on that chest press or that, or that, you know, leg press or what have you. I want to give that one a shot. Yeah. And try out new exercise. So you know, I want to do like a meadows row. I'm a muscle round because I saw John doing meadows rows and look great or so on and so blah blah blah. Yeah. So you play with those things. And that, the end of the do that is just fun. It also allows you to fit a cruise in and have some standardization. Like when people travel, I have to do just muscle rounds. They don't have to necessarily make a cruise out of it. But that would give you a chance to go to different gyms because there's no. You don't have to go to like that one hammer strength machine. Great. That's made from the model year. Like it's definitely one at the other gym, you know, blah blah. You can do whatever you want. So but the volumes less and the workouts are also spaced out. You know, training like three times in a week as opposed to typically four. So that's how I do it. Less volume. Should auto regulate the exercises you select only go with the muscle rounds with your fun. People love the cruises. And if you do it right at the end of the cruise, you actually take the de-load which is I call an intense of cruise because in the sense because you still do muscle rounds, which are which you're not reducing your effort level. At all, during those muscle rounds, just doing fewer of them. And the last about third of the total time of your intense accrues or de-load, you just, you just take that time off. Okay. So by the time you're, that's a standard way to do it. Everyone can kind of figure out their own recipe, but that's the way it works really well for lots of people as a starting point at least. Yeah. And then when you come back, when you're after that completely free of training period, people just chop and hit the bit and they just, like, they're strength goes sky high. And if they've eaten up for making muscle gains, typically they've also moved forward a good bit as far as battery mass goes. If you just kind of see it, they basically it's a rebound period for many people. So that covers the whole thing. Like, it gives you some structure, but not too much structure. She choose your exercises, stick with the muscle rounds. You could do whatever you want, but this is just the way I have it. And that way, you've got those muscle rounds. You try out those exercises and you can then when the next blast comes around, you can do with muscle rounds in four to two training. You can either stick with the same ones. Same exercises. You can just keep doing those if you want until you fail to make gains and then switch. Or you can just do something different every time if you like. And just keep a logbook. Pool of exercises and come back to you. Okay. Last time I did that was about five weeks ago. Let's see if I can beat that performance. So that depends on what the person chooses to do because there's plenty of progressive overload with the, with the loading sets and the other aspects of the program. Yeah. I like the sounds of the. And I can see where Brandon's coming from too that, you know, if you really got into it with a new machine, you could end up being more sore than when you started, you know, if you just went in and just started tearing it up. But I can also see what Skip was saying where he was saying, like, you know, you're not going to heavy in his case. He's, is what he was thinking is like, he's just having fun with it. And if you do, if you reduce, if it's a D load, then you reduce something. Yeah. That's thing, you know, like a D load is so generic. So if you do, if you like, if you try new exercise, and you like stop three, four reps shy of failure as opposed to taking it to failure, yeah, even if it's a new exercise, that's probably going to be maybe about the same. It kind of depends. Like some people, and this is, this ties it as the next topic. We want to go to these are good questions. We can just say that for the next one if you want, but depends on how sore people tend to get. Some people, they do a new exercise and it's just like, holy crap. Yeah. Yeah. And then others are, you know, so it kind of depends. And depends on like there's so much. So many of an aspects. If you drop your volume to one third of what it once was, so instead of doing 12 sets, you only do like, you know, four, and two of those are with a new exercise. I think you're going to recover compared to doing 12 sets. Yeah. Yeah. Now because your volume is so much lower. So you would just say, if, you know, if I'm going to do all new exercises for this D load, instead of dropping, you know, from 12 to nine sets, which is what I typically do are 12 to eight sets. This time, I'm going to just drop down to six sets. Okay. Because I'm trying out new exercises entirely for the purpose of this D load. And I want to make sure I don't cause that issue. So you would just, you know, if you scared of the novelty creating excessive muscle soreness, then you just reduce the volume to account for that possibility. And then you invert it. Yeah. Let me accept. That's, you know, that's how I would do it. But yeah. When I went back into the gym after training chest at home, you know, for months, I started training back at the gym again sometimes. And I'll tell you what, man, I was fried. Because of course I wanted to use, I've been using all free weights at home. And there's a couple of machines that I really enjoy. So I was like, go to the gym and it was going to be kind of like a lighter week. I'm going to use these machines. Oh my gosh. I got totally cooked. I was like, I love the way this feels the next day. Like, man, I haven't been this soren months. So this is funny to remind me. So there's this gym in South of Orlando that I gone to, like the day after the Masters Nationals called Kiss a Me Muscle. Yeah. And yeah, you probably seen it because I didn't, the Olympia would kind of turn out the way I wanted to. I was wanting to get down there when I was at the Olympia this year. But a lot of people went down there. Like I saw a ton of tags and I actually went up going there about two weeks ago. Okay. For a little bit of the early purpose and the phone actually posted something. I think I Instagram of the picture of the two of us. But they've got a line of equipment that's just off. And I can't remember the name of it right now. It just has a great frigging feel like the converging chest press, It's mad ass like all of the machines are just great. And I use those like, it was the day after the show when I went in there a train before. I just used machines. I just wanted to get a quick one in just like a full work at full body thing. Keep the water moving around like kind of junk. And but it was like this feels really good. It felt awesome. I didn't even use a lot of the machines. And I remember asking him, I think it's Jonathan. I asked him. I said, man, that line of a, I can see why you found or kept that line of equipment. He's like, why did I just, I had to seek that out. He told me the story. But it was entirely not by accident that he had that line of equipment. Okay. And he's a people love that shit. He said he had a women's physique competitor. And this was, I think, What show was it? There was another. The show before that. But North Americans, I think, was there in Orlando. This is a women's physique competitor. And she was coming in like two days before show the day before show. And she was supposed to be doing like a light. He talked her for a little while. You know, light work out. She got in there. And she just like, like some women are. They just have ridiculous recoverability. And it's just love the train. And like he said, she was in there for like three hours. He was like, where's she supposed to be just like sort of like slightly. He's like, I love this stuff. I can't help myself. I can't stop. Yeah. I think like 42. Oh my gosh. It's like, it's like stop. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know where I was going with that. But yeah, just when you go back into the gym, you just like get those new machines. It feels so good. I plus their novel, but you tend to want to also overdo it too. And I did that when I was there. I'm like, I did a little more, but I'm like. Shake up all the days rest, you know. Yeah. I'll live. We had a couple more things here. One of them is Mr. Scott Stevenson will you launch your own courses. Oh, I thought about that. I've got some other things in mind that I may try to put together. I would do with my be your own bodybuilding coach book. I'm doing, I'm doing, you know, our long consultations with people. And some people come to me and like over the course of the years, people like they line up several of those. We kind of do like it's not a apprenticeship, but it's a mini sort of, you know, guide them through with the half a dozen or a dozen regular consultations to get them going and help just educate around off their education, what they, what they know or don't know. They want to try to learn from me. I thought about that. It's just like, there's various ways I could do it. One thing I thought about doing and that I could still do is, is offer C, use through an existing organization. I can't do that if I offer my own course. And I even had someone come to me asking me to put together a course, but it would have been under his, in his organization, he would had control over everything. So, I've thought about it. What I want to, for a lot of people having, they just like the education and that's cool. But it's also nice when those C, use of education is connected with the insurance. That most, a lot of personal trainers need to have. So, offering that as C, use through the NSA or ISSA, and I've even talked with them, but through the NSA, I'm not even certified to you them, but I am through the NSA and ACSM. It is a way that allows people to both get to keep their C, use and thus they're insurance up to speed, to maintain those credentials. If I start my own, I'm not going to offer insurance. Maybe I could somehow even look into it, but I imagine that's a whole giant endeavor. And doing it, I don't take that half-heartedly because, or is someone says, you know, I have a fortitude training certification. I want to make sure that I personally would send my mother to you. Yeah. Do fortitude training, you know what I'm saying? Where you can offer all sorts of stuff and people, like, not so much anymore, but I've seen people who had like, they had an alphabet suit behind their name, because they got every certification possible. Yeah. And that kind of tells me that you don't feel like you know what you're doing, because you just had to keep like any certifications to try to fill that void of, you know, of imposter syndrome that you feel or incompetence that you don't think you're going to get. So, it would be a ginormous, gigantic undertaking to do that. I thought about it. And right now, I'm sort of feeling that that void by working with people one on one, and doing online consultations or a phone-sky consultation sort of on a ad hoc basis. But yeah, you know, there was a, I took a CECU course, I think through the NSEA long time ago, 15 years ago, that was like a body building physiology course. So, that's something I might do. And I've actually thought about putting together a peak week course, sort of speak to help guide people through the things that I do with peak week, and look, consider the options, because that's a big place where people drop the ball, get overly complicated or have no idea what to do or get dangerous. There's like, there's one area of body building where I feel like education is, could probably be the most needed. It's probably, at least in competitive body building, it's probably with the peak week. I could see that. Yeah. A lot of people look at it as the secrets too, so it's not always shared. Yeah, they don't share things. People use a lot of drugs. The diuretics can be really dangerous. They can fuck you up pretty badly. There's just a lot of science to be shared there too. It's kind of a lot of cool stuff. So that's the thing that I might do course-wise first if I do anything. And what I would probably do, I had those planning on doing this through Facebook, but I don't know if I want to know since my Facebook got hacked. I've got it in do it when my Facebook account got hacked was, what's do what many people do is they set up a private group on Facebook. And then they charge for entry. This is a... I've seen this. Yeah. It works pretty well. You go in and you get your part of an eight week cohort or whatever and they do weekly live Q&A sessions. You guide people through their training program or what have you. So I do like a six week thing to help people guide themselves and clients. Through a peak week protocol and then they could have access to that for a year or whatever. So they could, you know, to the course of a competitive season, go back and look at the videos and repeat the process that I've led them through. Yeah. You know, during the course of the actual course itself. But I don't... Facebook wouldn't be where I want to host it now because I know now my account is not... It all secure. So... Well, if you do, people can keep up with you too through Instagram. They can go over to 42Training.net, BYOBBCoach.com. And if they wanted to do consultations, that'd be a good place to hook up with you too over at those sites. You know, I'll say something that's interesting. It's funny like here. So even like, I didn't even see who asked this question. Who was the... Wasn't Brandon looking... Did you put this question up on the screen? Motives... What? What? Motives. Oh, yeah. We can't even have spoken about the peak-week thing. I know him. So it's funny. Very often people come to me asking for courses or those sorts of things. And I had the sense from various... In various ways that they haven't really looked at what is available to learn from me totally free. Like, if you go on a lead FTS, there's... I have 12 or 15 articles there that cover a lot of stuff. That's totally free. I joined the Mountain Dog website because he had some articles over there that I wanted to read. Articles over there. I mean, I did a Q&A when John was sick and in the hospital that was like 2 and a half hours long. You know, there's tons of stuff over there. He's got some videos over there from seminars that we did together that I... I presume they're still there, that I think you're available to members. And I've had people come to me who want sort of a mentoring type of thing. Hey, could you mentor me as a coach? And I'll... and I ask, well, have you gotten my book? And they're like, no, they haven't even read the B&B or anybody who's building coachbook. Yeah. So that doesn't... that's not to like, direct that specifically anyone in particular. But I see that almost more commonly than not. Actually, the three quarters maybe the vast majority of the time is people who are coming to me. So that tells me that to some degree it's not that they have exhausted the limitations of what information they can find just by searching. And like, you go to my website and it's like, you know, Bialis books. Like, you know who Paul Czech is? I know the name. Yeah. He's... he's an interesting guy. He was at Swiss. Last time it was there. Okay. I don't know... Ken knows him pretty well. He's been the Swiss multiple times. He's a phenomenal guy. He started off sort of an exercise specialist. He's got some various kind of number of different books and videos on functional exercise and things of that nature. And... but now he's a very well-read guy and he's very sort of a spiritual... kind of the sort of the zone of spiritual life coach type of... Okay, yeah. I know you're talking about. Yeah. I'm a fascinating guy. I really, really like him. I kind of feel a bit of a kinship to him. And he has a like a... one and a half year long course or something like that. You know, that you can take and you can pay for. Mm-hmm. And... but I... instead, I'm not... I'm not aggressively going after this, but I've... I've got a few of his books. I listen to his podcast on a regular basis. And I try to learn as much as I can for him for free. So then this is what I always tell people is then... When I... if and when I would ever go and do his course, which I don't think I really would need to, but if I would ever... we'll want to... let's say I went to Paul on a sit-hey Paul, I like to practice with you. Like to become a apprentice somewhere. I don't think you're offered that much just to private life and say this is the case. Right. I would have been completely up to date on... You know, everything I could possibly find. So that when I do interact with him, I can say, well, you know, here you wrote this and then ten years later you wrote this. And so how do you feel about these two things now? Because these ideas are juxtaposed. Somewhat, you know, contradictory of one another. And so he could give me that answer. Whereas if I have no idea what he's done because I haven't even read his books or looked all the... Then that tells me that I haven't even put out the effort that you want to see in an apprentice or you want to see in a student who takes your classes. And maybe that... and this is so common now. I see this so much and this is like a mehona soapbox with academia, but people want to go and get the degrees just to say they have a degree. Because that's what the industry rewards. You have a master's degree. We'll pay you more than you if you have an undergraduate degree. Or like I know people who've gone various places where they offer these sort of mail-in, PhD degrees that are really worthless. They don't give you an opportunity for licensure. There's some natural pathogen... ...creditations out there that make you think you're a natural path, but you can't get license as a natural path in position. Because they're not accredited by the accrediting commissions that do that. And people are just gathering degrees because they feel like if they have the letters that just having made it from eight as e in terms of getting that credential means they will have the knowledge and understanding that will wash away whatever insecurities they might have or feelings of inadequacy in terms of being a coach or being an expert in their area. Whatever it might be. Sure. And that's not at all what I think degree you should be about. Not in the lease. So someone comes to me and they say, hey, you offer class or I like to practice with you and I say, well, have you read my books? No, I haven't. It's like where do I get those? And I'm like, well you have any to look to my website. You know very little about me, except that you have the sense that I maybe have some expertise that you'd like to have. But you're going at it. You want that's to the end point like you're going at it. I'm not to get to the journey, but just to get to the end point and having the credential or the certification. And that's the most that's not that's not exact that's not at all what I would want and someone so. There's lots of stuff out there. Someone if someone gets my be your own bodybuilding coach, look, I've had people tell me like I download it and I read it in like eight hours. I'm like, wow, that's a. That's amazing. Wow, did you read warped peace just for like dessert like afterwards like how did you do that? So that's kind of what concerns me a little bit is I want to if I'm going to create a credentialing course it's going to have to be really big and extensive and worthwhile. Like, what's what's Martin's last name. Uh, Um, McDonald's. He's okay. Yeah. He has it. He has a Mac you. Yeah. He's put together a son of he's done it right. What they've done is created a specialized to create and it fits in with the UK credit educational system that allows you to become properly certified to be. Personal trainer and nutritional specialist or whatever in terms of use over there and Mac you are like a one year. Dig in get after it. You know, I'm with where you if you say it's graduate level. It's probably more of a graduate level because he deals with the actual research rather than with the textbook say type of type of study and that's a full time endeavor for him. You know, and he's done a phenomenal job with it. But if people don't know about that, it wouldn't help you so much even in the States. You probably could get you should get CE. If you're to do that, but this is like it's a year long program. Yeah. Martin McDonald's. So he and he's a phenomenal guy. Um, yeah. So that's the way to do it. So it's kind of like all or nothing because I don't want to like appease like I got the 42 training certification after four hours, you know, and now I. And I'm like, and you forgot at all. You've got everything I said. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, but it's on your Instagram as a, you know, whatever. That doesn't, that doesn't serve my purpose of helping people be able to better help others. It actually can be the opposite of that. And I'm helping people find little ways to to sort of brush the dust of their insecurities under the rug. Yeah. Yeah. The other certifications. I still can't get anyone that like I've had like one person so far who can who can adequately reproduce what a muscle round is really on Instagram. Yeah. I've had one person. And I think he was, I recall right, he was from Germany. So he was doing it and not even in his mother tongue. But he got it right. So I'm surprised. Well, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the whole point of how you said I'm up. Well, if, let's throw that out there here. I mean, we're at the end of the show here. If people are an hour and a half in, they're dedicated. Let's start there. That's true. Uh, if it's sweet. And they're just, their phones just playing. Yeah. Wait, tuning guys, tuning. We need you for a second. Oh. Um, let's, I'm going to put it out there. I want to see it personally. If you can do an actual muscle round, Tag me, takes God. Uh, I want to see it now. Well, it's, you know, I haven't even watched those so much. What I see are the descriptions of how to do them. Oh, I thought it was like an actual video. So, well, there's, there are some that aren't, you know, on, you know, that's a whole other topic. But, but there, yeah, like no one, like just just right. It's like, you know, and they just, they, and it's right there on my, on my forward, it's on my Instagram. Like all you have to do is copy and paste, you know, or link, like, you know, it's hard to get to links on Instagram. But copy and paste my description. It's right there. Yeah. George White's with us, still George White's with us to the end. George White's with us to the end. He's a man. Yeah. He's George is a veteran. George, George is like, when you go to war, and you got someone in the trenches, you see, you want to, who's going to cover me and everyone else is like, George is a dude you call on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Scotsome mental fortitude. Yes. He does. And physical. Yes. All right. Let's, let's call the day here, Scott, and we'll have a, your topic that other topic, then we can, basically call that almost like a part two. It sounds like segue right into that for that next episode. You got the other side of the coin that we just, that we just looked at. Okay. Awesome. Well, look forward to that. And as always, it's been a pleasure. I always, always enjoy listening and expanding, kind of like my working knowledge and this, of the stuff I'm exploring in the gym. And I like the chat. I hope the perfect match. All right. Guys for another episode of Muslimites with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNally. Head it over to fortitudetraining.net. BY OBB coach.com. Of course, check out our awesome sponsor, TrueNutrition.com. User-coded vices. We'll catch you next time, guys. See ya. Bye.