is it hard court to be in the sport for two years and get burnt out and be done with it? Or is it more hard court to be doing it for twenty twenty five years continuing to progress making those gains as you go. You know what I mean? Like what is it? You know what I'm saying? Like I guess the depends on what your definition of hard core is. But if you want to be one and done and maybe you go and you want to pro-card in two years and be done, okay? Maybe. Hey what's going on guys? Thanks for tuning back into the next blood sweat and gear coaching Q&A. I'm Scott McNellie. I'm hanging out with coaches, skip, Hill, and Andrew Barry. We're going to tackle your listener questions as we always do. We got a ton of prep questions this week. So hey, if you're on contest prep right now, shout out to you. Keep grinding, dig deep and do your best. This week we've got a bunch of topics I have timestamps below if you want to skip around. We discussed post show rebound. We give it advice on splitting up your injections through the week. We discussed how tough should a prep be. Like should it be so hard that you can't get off the couch? Contest, cycle advice? Should you run a trial peak week? And of our in windstrile take it pretty workout on training days only, dropping test and increasing DHTs as you close in on a show? How long is insulin good for slowing down fast acting proteins and a bunch more? If you're new here, let me encourage you to hit the subscribe button and hit the bell because we have several bodybuilding podcasts that come out each week. Just tons of education and some entertainment featuring IPB pros, experienced coaches and educators in our industry that are all here to help you do better at the sport that we love and stay safe in the process. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear. I'm Scott McNeillian of course. I'm here with coaches Skip Hill and Andrew Barry. All of our programming is brought to you by trutantrition.com. You can use our code. Thank for some additional savings on high quality third party test and supplements. And if you are in Canada, check out supplements source.ca. They've got great deals, blow out deals in fact on high quality supplements over there and thank you to everybody who's supporting our programming on Patreon. Gentlemen, we're going to start by ambushing skip. Awesome. So this is the guy in the yellow shirt over there. Andrew sent this to me before the show. He was like, this is Skip recently. This is today or yesterday or something. Yes, yes, Monday actually. Is this like a homemade needle prep? It's full of French Oh, God. Now, yeah, here's the thing. You don't see my quads or lack thereof. I'm not kidding. If I I would jump, I would love to compete, but my quads are I literally finish that rehab four or five weeks ago. So now I'm starting to build back, but to be honest with you, I should be focusing on taking in more calories. I know I'm building and I want to get retardedly lean first. Probably because I haven't been able to do what I wanted to do the last couple years and everything has been up in the air. So I'm just really happy to be in really good condition and then I want to I'm going to literally stop when it's not easy and I don't want to sound like a dick, but because I've been doing this long. It is a fucking cake walk right now. I'm barely overturning. I'm 205, 204, 205. I'll be bright below that by the end of the week. I'll probably get to 200 pounds with hard to decide. Okay, I've had it now. I'm not going to work too hard to get there, but I want to be lean, be insulin sensitive and then shift gears and really just hammer my fucking legs as much as I can hammer. I'm right now I'm still programming my brain to know that it's not injured anymore. And that's a very difficult thing to do because it's been programmed the other way for for so long that it's just kind of hard to break that. So I'm just enjoying being, you know, lean as fuck right now and be honest with you. Jazz and tan is funny because you had posted a video training shoulders the other day and I shared it with the group. The think big bodybuilding group on Facebook and somebody was like, dude, skip. You don't look that big in the video and like on the podcast. Like you look, you don't look like you have that kind of mass in the podcast. I would have never guessed. And it's funny because as I explained, your camera is pointing down. It creates this like bubble head effect where your head looks bigger, making your body look smaller and you don't look like you have the level of muscle you do. Which I just find that funny because even when I met you in person, I was like, oh shit, you're that bigger than I realized because your cameras at this angle that like, yeah, it just distorts things a little bit. Yeah, so the camera on the podcast is more to make me not look like instead of 52, I want to look like 50, 51. So I don't really care if I don't look big as much as I just don't want to look as old as I am. And that's why I wouldn't like guys said it because skip doesn't it looks 500 years old on the podcast. I was like, oh, you could have said I was fat, you could have said I was small, but just said I look 500 years old. That one hurt. I think you met like though that you looked like you didn't have muscle like that. You were, you know, I think that's what you met, but yeah, anyway, we're struck. Yeah, you are looking good man. I actually had a question. You what? I had a bulletin sent a T and give you props, man. You look awesome. Thank you. I appreciate that. We had a question related to dieting down in order to grow. So I'll see if I can pull that one up a little later today. But guys, we have a ton of list of questions here today. You guys literally bombarded us on the last episode, which is awesome. We appreciate it because especially comments like and questions that you ask for the show helped to boost our programming and that algorithm. More people is helping to more people to find the show, which is awesome. So I appreciate that we'll just dive in straight here at the top. JL has a question for the next show. I've always been fat. This is it. I just randomly grabbed it. I've always been fascinated by the idea of the post show rebound. I know you guys for the most part recommend guys go into to more of a cruise health phase following a show. If no more shows are planned for the season, is there even as there ever a situation where you would have someone push hard for a few weeks following a show before going into a cruise period thanks as always? I don't know that there's not a, you know, not like we wouldn't do that. I just think because we've discussed this before, which is not to take a shot at the guy for asking a question. But I think Andrew and I think the same way in the sense that coming off the show, the increase in calories alone becomes so growth pushing and so antibiotic for lack of a better word. I know that people don't like to hear that food is antibiotic because antibiotic equates to drugs, but it is antibiotic in the sense that it's building and you know, providing the building blocks for muscle tissue. So the calories are so under-respected from an antibiotic standpoint. So going into a crew, I mean, you could do so many people can grow. Even people with mediocre jamey, with mediocre shitty genetics. You can grow. You can increase the calories and you can come down to TRT type doses and you can grow very, very well. Are there times where you may stand here and push hard? Yeah, I don't particularly like to because I think that when you come off of a show, most people have driven themselves to the point where you have minor aches and pains. You know, there's a, you want a little bit of recovery in there shortly after the show and to go and start slamming, you know, heavier weights and really start, especially if you're going to start regaining strength very, very quickly or rapidly from the increase in calories. I don't know. I think there's a, there's a vulnerability there. Obviously, you know, with me, it's a little bit different because I'm older. If I was 25 again, it probably tried to grow like a mother fucker for the first month or two after, but I just don't think that that needs to happen. I think you can grow like crazy by adding in calories and keeping the gear load, making sure your health markers are good. And then you get that growth from the food, the increase in calories while you're cruising and then you go back on cycle and you just build on what you've already built with the lower gear and the higher calories and you keep going. I can't necessarily disagree with that at all. I also think it's a person dependent, you know, like for instance, let's say, you know, two weeks out, you had some of other labs and they had a very 12 or 15 week prep. It was not very stressful to them. Their labs looked fairly good. You say, okay, we can push four to six weeks after the show and then we'll go into a cruise phase. I wouldn't be adverse to that. And I think also, I explained to everyone, like, a lot of it comes down to like your level of risk adversity in terms of health, you know, like would it be healthier to take no drugs? Absolutely. What if we need a lot more, you know what I mean? Like so it's kind of, everyone has their own little notch on what they're comfortable with in terms of rolling the dice with their health, you know. So I try to get a really good gauge with that with where that person is and then try to steer them the safest way. I think possible to get to where we want to go. So it would be uncommon for someone who had a typical prep. It was hard, but not like overly hard to say, okay, four to six weeks, we're probably going to cut the gear and half and use food as the driver like you're talking about. We're probably going to pull training back a little bit because I think I look at this. There's like an inverse relationship between like stress and results. And I think, you know, when you can lower that stress, you're not doing cardio every day the same amount you were doing. You're not putting the same amount of compounds in your body. You're not, you're going to be eating a lot more food. You're probably going to be sleeping better. So your stress level is going to go down. That's going to help you provide the growth. So I think you can do it with a lot less gear. I'm not saying like, you know, the day you get off stage, you're dropping right back down to 125 mx a tr t. That's not probably what I'm saying at all. There've all been one, maybe one situation where I've had someone do that because it was on their, you know, the house. But I do think you gear should be like the third or fourth factor in the program in that point, whereas the food, rest of recovery and the injuries and blood works should dictate what the next move is there. And I realize some of the listeners don't think that's very hardcore and that we're down. But I can't continue to do this. I understand, I'll keep taking this cheap shot, but I think. What do you guys always say? One more thing to skip points is that hardcore to be in the sport for two years and get burnt out and be done with it or is it more hardcore to be doing it for 25 years, continuing to progress, making those gains as you go. You know what I mean? Like, what is it? You know what I'm saying? Like, I guess it depends on what your definition of hardcore is. But if you want to be one and done and maybe you go and you want to pro-card in two years and be done, okay? Maybe, but, well, that's a question. Also, you're responding to one person. Don't forget your friend and your friend. Not necessarily. I mean, I get what you're saying because I was focused on that. But still, it's not the only person who's there have been more than a few that have been critical. And that might only other thing that would be, is it still hardcore than if you go 20 years and you make minimal progress because you are very good at what you're doing and you think that there is something else there that we're holding back. That's really what it keeps coming back to. I just want to emphasize that we are here telling you the truth to try to help people and then to be criticized for that. It does kind of cut a little bit. All right, I'll tell you this. I've gone both ways being that I remember one post-contest switching my compounds. I went to NPP and I was like, okay, I'm going to run this for four or six weeks and I think I ran it. I think I ended up running it for like eight weeks and, you know, I've gone to that extreme. Probably you've been added in a little bit of deep all or something like that to it. And then I've gone to the other side, the other extreme of just relying on the food. And I've buried myself with food post-contest to the point where I basically ruined my rebound and I've ridden it out as long as I absolutely could. And I threw all that. I think I found the balance. And I think the word that I use is after years and years of experimenting with myself and then having a lot of clients that you see the results with, you learn the term as finesse. You learn the finesse where you don't, as you had said, Andrew, you don't need to hit it with a hammer to get the results. And I discovered that maybe I didn't need to do some of the more extreme stuff I had done post post-contest. And it does, as you guys said, I think it depends on everybody. I've had situations where if it's a client that I've worked with long term and we have had to have an easy prep, then maybe we are more likely to say leave the test in for a little bit longer post-cycle. All right, post-contest. On the other hand, I've had, I'm thinking a one guy who came to me and he was working with another coach and he was committed to that coach right up until his contest and then he wanted to start working with me. We started together and I saw his training was atrocious. Like the way he did his barbell rose was terrible. Like some of the worst I'd seen in my life. And he couldn't handle taking eight weeks to get cleaned up and learn training technique. I'm trying to, you know, get him to get to the point where we can actually grow his back because that's what he needed to do with this offseason. Take that first eight weeks to focus on this technique while we're cleaning out and he couldn't do that. And he would, I mentioned this guy before and he was like, I want to go to another coach who was going to hammer the gear right away. So hammer the gear right away with that same fucking shitty technique that nobody ever taught you how to do a barbell row in your life. Okay, but you know, that's, that's not my style. So I think it depends on the person. But what I've learned is that the food does so much post-contest. You could do so much with the food post-contest that you don't necessarily need to hammer the jerks like you would think. Can I give it like a real example of what he did something I did recently with someone? I mean, if this might help us guy out, you know, let's say someone who's running the typical, you know, tests, masks, run, trends, some orals run into the show. Let's say, let's see, I think what we did is we bumped his test back up to 500. He was maybe, I think we pulled his test the last 10 days or so. But the, he was only at like 350 tests right into that show. We bumped his test to 500 and we added in 400 milligrams of premable. You know, it's literally, and we pulled all the orals. So this is in terms of milligrams, you know, because I do come sometimes like to look at things in milligrams, it was less than half the milligrams of what he was taking lead into the show. And I think that's a fairly appropriate way to do it. It's not an exact formula. But I think, you know, we pulled, you know, we bumped his test up just a little bit, added a little bit of premable and then pulled out, you know, the trend, the master on, halo test and the wind straw, all those other exotics if you want to call them. Right. All right. We got a bunch of these here. So we could probably try to just fly through as many as we can. James says, thanks for the podcast, lads. What do you guys think about injection protocols? Well, on cycle, if you use long asterus, would you roll on with once per week twice per week or every other day? Is there any real benefit of more regular shots keeping levels more stable? Andrew, you, I think you go more frequently than I do. I'm pretty much in every other day gap, but don't you typically you go daily, right? Off season. I'm every other day and then pre-contest when we get to like six weeks out. I like to go daily. Okay. Honestly, I think that this thing's between every other day and daily is like this much of a difference. I just am a creature have it during prep situations. I want to do the same thing every day. So I have to take my shower when I get done from the gym. I go to my little stash and I take whatever I need to take for the day. Yeah. Just because it's, you know, what do you mean repetition? Except for Sundays, that's the day for the Lord. Yes, exactly. No drugs on the Sabbath, keep it only. Which is funny because I don't take damn near anything on Sundays either. Not that it's lazy. But nonetheless, it's my, yeah, that's my day off like, I don't have to take anything. The other thing is he touched on or was talking about two about long esters. I think it's important to say that I still believe that even though the longer esters is sipping aids, the EQs and things like I still think it's better to hit those at least twice a week. And if you're going to, if you're on an every other day protocol, you might as well as some people do this. Some people will say, well, I'll take my long esters once a week and then my shorter esters to two or three times week. You might as well just keep everything the same. Yeah. And in that way, you don't screw up mentally and think you're on a different day or drop the wrong thing. You just, it's continuity. It's just the consistency of having the same thing every time and then you take those long esters. And I think that that still allows this, though, and I have not done any blood level, you know, blood reads or anything. But it just stands to reason that it would be logical that they would maintain better even though they're longer esters if they're injected more frequently. I think it was either episode 100, 101 or 102, this got Stevenson and Muscle Mines. We are looking at some, some, some, studies showing test sit may have a half life of three and a half days, depending on who's taking it. So, you know, we look at the the the the websites about steroids and it'll tell you it's like 10 days long. But in the real world it might not be. So that would be my first thought and that my other thought is I'm with you guys 100%. Like I like every other day protocol, even with long esters, especially in prep. Maybe not maybe not off season. Like if we were say like on 750 sustan on even, might do a Monday, Wednesday, Friday with that. But every other day is nice because I don't like the idea personally of having like one more one like more voluminous shot in my the happens to be now a shoulder and then having a smaller shot, you know, that happens to end up in the glute, you know, that the next shot. I'd rather just keep talking. And the other one's not and it's irritated. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Even, and let me ask you guys this, if you're doing let's say you're doing a shot of, I don't know, let's say it ends up being forced to season. You don't want to do forced cc's and one spot. Do you measure out exactly so that each each each syringe has the exact same amount of compounds? Let's say you don't three different compounds. Do you measure them out so that each will marry these exact same. So you're going to do bilateral shoulders. Because that's what I do. Like if I always do that. Yeah, 100 ms a guess and 50 ms a trend and 50 ms a what mass whatever it might be. I want to make sure they're both equal. I don't want 3 cc's a test in the side and 3 cc's something. I want to make, I want it all evenly dispersed. Yep. I never do one side. I haven't done an injection on one side in 10 years. It's always bilateral. I'm not going to have one shoulder more sore than the other or one lat more snow. And it's going to be exactly the same top. I love your OCDness. I appreciate that. Well, another reason I think doing like a Monday Wednesday Friday type injection schedule is, you can time your AI is to try to counteract when it when Rome and taste is going to be most active. And I think you get away with taking less AI's because I know a lot of people in practice. I see some cycles where people are like a milligrams of remadex at 20 weeks out. And they're doing like shots like Mondays and Thursdays. And I'm like, why are you taking that? You know, that dose of remadex on like Wednesday Thursday when like a Rome and taste is going to be that active because your test levels are just doesn't make sense. I mean, I like I think we always want to try to maintain like most stable blood levels possible. Yeah. All right. Nick in the live feed, ask us how do you differentiate between severe body fatigue versus needing to just suck it up in the last weeks of prep? I'm not competing, but I'd say I'd be five-ish weeks out conditioning wise. And I can barely stand up off the couch sometimes. Major, letter G. Stims have been pretty high and sleep is terrible. I just question if it's supposed to be this brutal or if something needs to change. That's a tough one because there's not a lot of we don't have a lot of information. It's experience. I mean, it's experience with yourself, but it's also experience with seeing it with clients and getting and asking for specific feedback. If you're, I'll say this, if you are just can barely stand up, you're in, that's pretty rough. Prep is more and you guys correct me if you feel differently. Prep is more, even if it's worse. Prep is more like I'm dragging ass and I'm depleted, but when it's time to train, I can train. Like, I can make it happen. If you can't make it happen, then you have to question really, you're too depleted, you're overtrained, your caloric intake is just absurdly low. Something in my opinion at that level is off. I will agree though that people have different measures or gauges. Some people will be starving at 17 weeks out. And there're no more hungry at 17 weeks out than they are at nine weeks out. So it sometimes people are just different. And sometimes people be hungry and they'll, they'll gauge it as off. It's a two or three on a scale of one to ten. There's just different tolerances too, but if you can't function, I would go to your training. I would say what is your training? Are you just ridiculously weak? Do you fall off a cliff after the first exercise or two, or are you able to train? Because if you're able to train in maintain relative strength levels and pump and everything else, then honestly, I might say, suck it up, buttercup. Because the training, if you're truly that exhausted or you can't get up off the couch, your training has to be suffering. Man. Yeah. Would you guys agree that the stems, like if you do a prep or a diet with high stems that you end up with more fatigue, then if you don't rely on stems as much earlier in general. I'll give you a quick one. That's good. Yeah. I had a girl that competed at a universe and we pulled all the stimulants of any types and she's like, man, I'm just so tired now that you pulled all the clen and stimulants. I'm like, whoa, whoa, no, you're tired because you got over the hump. You were focused for 20 weeks on this one goal. Mentally physically you blocked everything out. The stems weren't even doing anything by the time we gone on stage. Like at that point, we'd been running a plan for five six. You know, there weren't there was one percent of that that was doing something for your body. You just have mentally crossed the hurdle and your body realized, oh, I can relax now and you're feeling that fatigue that you held on to turn prep. So I don't think that, yeah, I think the stems absolutely, I would ask him this. Does he, like, because I find when people describe what he's described, they're actually not hungry at all. They're just like, I lost my appetite. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think that's, and to me, that's a sign. Okay. Well, we need to pull back. Like, we're going to pull your training back to like three, 30 minute sessions of just going in there and like, like pumping for the mere type shit if that. It or we might even pull it for 10 days straight. I've gone as extreme as just pulling training for 10 days straight. We're going to pull your cardio and we're just going to do 20 minute walks outside to get some sunshine in the morning. And we're going to feed you up. Probably we're going to bump your, uh, maybe your carbs. If you're, let's say you're at 150 grams of carbs a day. We're probably going to double those for five days and then reassess how you're feeling. You know, um, it's hard to say without seeing the picture. It's hard to say without going through this journey with him up to this point. You know, like, what is the response is where how was body was responding to the changes you made. So it's really hard to say, but I do think, look, go back to what Skip said, if you're going on the gym and like, even your first exercise, you're like, oh, how am I going to fucking do this? It's definitely time for break. Also, he said he was five weeks out or he thinks he's five if you're five weeks out in your condition is five weeks out in your dragon assets. But if you're not truly five weeks in years, you still have a substantial amount of body fat. You're that depleted. You're that beat now. Taking a closer look at what you're doing. I had started justing things. Yeah. All right. John Wayne is with us and he's getting ready for a show. He says thanks for all the content fellas currently nine weeks out of my first show. What do you guys think about me finishing my prep cycle weekly at 500 milligrams test master on it 400 trend at trend ace at 150 windstruck at 50 milligrams a day. Then it looks like he's saying he wants to go to 500. That's like 24 seconds. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And using planet 20 micrograms three times per day. I mean, is this what do we think about him finishing his contest like allowed at that? I don't know what he was doing before. Yeah. He's not saying. I think that says that's you know crazy or insane or yeah. Yeah. There's nothing there. I mean, maybe you just might want to work with the test a little bit depending on you know your room ofization and if you feel like you know you're carrying a little estrogen, but I couldn't mention anything about AIs or anything like that. But that doesn't seem like a part-fetched cycle. That'll all right. Lake for giants. This question for the next show. I have a hard time staying asleep for a few years now. Year seems to exasperate excess. Can you say that? Exasperate. Exasperate. Thank you. The problem. I knew skipping. We all got our words got. We all got our words. I guess we do. The problem. I have a bunch of them. So I stay on low doses of test now. He says I've tried a lot of medications and supplements like dive in hydramine, HCl, Benadrill, seems to help the best. There's a study saying that this drug hinders recovery from training. Do you guys know anything about this? Any ideas would be appreciated. Rest is one of the things that is really slowing down my progress. I can't tell them that there's studies to say that dive in hydramine increases the chance of Alzheimer's. Is that right? The college I went to. Did it really? Did they? Yeah. Yeah. One of my clients was a doctor that worked on it. I still think it regular, fairly regularly, firstly. Do you really? Yeah. Yeah. It helps tremendously. But yeah, the one thing I'm scared of is being demented. Who are you? Where am I? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I'm scared of it too, but I still use what is it antiperspirants? So maybe it's a gentleman. I'm more than well over the years. I don't know. Yeah. I just I eat a lot. I just don't care. We have to share that. I want to do that first. How you don't give up? I want to ask you how you tried to have a relaxed blend, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. No. No. It was actually for my wife, but is not comfortable yet using it. Which is you guys are certain I respect that that's fine. So it's kind of sitting there waiting for her to sit down. The opinion is in her defense she has started to train and start to die. So she's actually sleeping very well versus how she was sleeping before. But it's sitting there waiting for her. I'm not going to ask her about it. I'm going to wait for her to ask me about it. So I don't she haven't used it. And I don't have to let this be like a fucking rarer. Why don't you let her see you take it though? So that I could. But I just I figure I've getting picked myself with drugs for how many years. I don't need to do one more. This is where you draw the line. Yeah. I draw the line at Melatonin. That's rule of me to ask. It's as worst gift draws. Yeah. Right. Right. No. None of that shit that's not going to work or make me bigger rep. So back to this guys question. Yeah. I would have go on and order the ZRT, uh, diurnal cortisol test. It's where you spit in the tube four times throughout the day. It sounds like he is he following a sleep and waking up in the middle of the night. It keeps just put that up one more time. I just want to make sure I was right. Yeah. I don't think he I don't think he's. I don't think he said he just said hard time staying asleep. Okay. So I read that as is he's falling asleep and he's waking up. So what happens is in a lot of us, uh, overtraining, overstressing our drainals. We flip flop our circadian and normally you're supposed to have a high cortisol release in the morning. It's going to dip down throughout the day and should be lowest around midnight or so. So what happens is that gets flipped walked a little bit and you get that spur that a spur somewhere around two or three o'clock in the morning. And a diurnal cortisol test where you spit in the tube will will help confirm that. And then remedy that if that's what it is, he needs rest, de-load, detox. So if you want it, you can hire me for like a full program for it. Not trying to solve my services. But just saying that I have a program that I do with people when in this particular situation and it works and it involves several supplements, it involves rest involves de-loading. It usually takes about six to eight weeks to completely combat and then people are usually fine and they are right back to sleep again like normal. So nice. Also, suggest he goes, if he goes back in the archive on our podcasts, I had Dr. Dean I, if you search for hacking sleep with Dr. Dean St. Martin, he explains what's happening with our neural transmitters and what goes wrong, including like what goes wrong when we use trend. And he has a product called the sleep stack from supplement needs and actually we have a code. I don't get any kind of kickback, but you guys get 20% off, it vices. That's how old that code is. And it still works because somebody recently told me they used it. But he has a really good product. It's worth it because if you buy everything individually, that's in it, you can do that too, but it would be like really expensive to get them all individually. So just one other thing to consider. When I've taken that, it hasn't necessarily knocked me out, but I've ended up getting really good rest and when I wake up, I feel like, do you guys remember there was an old cartoon? Most of our listeners and viewers won't remember this skip will. Do you remember it was called like the sound of the south from and and there was the skip was a voice on the show. He was a voice on the show. That's fucked up. There's the cartoon little blue bird that's like on the guy's shoulder and he's all like, yeah, yeah, I feel like that's me when I've used to that product. I think it's the 5HTP, but it's like I wake up in like that little birds on my shoulder. I'm like, this is the best day in my life. I slept with that. Might the only one who sleeps well on trend? I don't know. I must, I think I'm going to outline. That's like switching to daily. Yeah. Since I switched daily injections, not a single problem. But when I used to do like like Monday, Thursday, sat like it was no real necessary wrong reason like every three days. Yeah, absolutely. I would be staring at that fan. All right. Let's see. I'll just jump forward here to try to keep us moving. Billie G. He says, coach is what do you think about doing a trial peak week about four to five weeks out before a show? Is there something to be gained or will it detract from prep? I peak week. I mean primarily doing a carb deep leap for three to four days. Then have carb taper back up, 300 to 600 on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, during depletion, the workouts are mostly pump no crazy intensity. Have you done this with clients? I am six weeks out and my first show ever. And I am considering this trial peak week. I could probably use a bit of a d-load before the final weeks, which the pump workouts would serve the purpose of. I would also like to see what happens when the carbs deplete three to four days your thoughts. Absolutely. I would imagine, I mean, we all do it. Maybe not with every single client. But she usually, especially with a new client or a new competitor, you have to maybe not four or five weeks out sometimes a little bit closer. But it's certainly not better. The question is whether you're in condition or not, whether you're running behind, you have the time or if you're pushing the 11th hour, that's the bigger issue. You have to be able to give up potential progress for that time that you're doing that. But it's a great idea because then you're not going in blind. The benefit for us as coaches is because we've done it for so long, even without a trial run, we are far more likely to get it right or very, very close to getting it right without the trial run. But it's still always better to get a trial run if you can. Even if you even something like mild diuretic use or manipulation of water as well, combine with carbs. If you can get that in there, that's great. And it's important that those workouts are not at a hundred percent while you're doing it because you don't want to deal with the water manipulation and going in and trying to train heavy, not being fully hydrated, depletion, you know, days and stuff like that, which I'm not a big undefpletion personally, but that doesn't mean that it's wrong. Plenty of coaches use it and that's their method and that's fine. Just depends there are different coaches that have different methods. So definitely, definitely, if you have the time to be able to do that, absolutely do it, especially for your first show. If nothing else to give you peace of mind because you'll have a better idea of how things are going to play out. Let me add one more thing in that is with the skip loading protocol. My clients because I typically not always, but I typically load them peak week in some fashion of skip loading because we've skipped loaded so many of those weeks for the prep. A lot of that is already understitter. We have a very, very good idea of not only how much they're going to fill out and how much they need, but how many days it takes for them to dry out what they look like the next day how long they're going to hold water. So that gives us a half of the trial run that you would do. It gives you half of that information. Then from there, really, I mean, I could take a skip load. It was someone four weeks out and I could just manipulate their water a little bit and then know that adding, if I had to, a diuretic on top of that because I've seen so many clients over so many years, I have a pretty good idea of how they're going to respond. I don't know exactly how they're going to because everybody's different. Weapon X, same thing, he said that, you know, he didn't move as much water as he wanted to. Sometimes that'll happen. But it's always good to get a trial if you can spare the time. Let me go with that. Anything you want to add, Andrew? I had like six things, but it's going to move on to like the next one. I was like, I got some of that. But no, it was all good. It was all good. It was all good. All right, cool. Then let's rapid fire the rest of these because we have so many that we need to get through. Chris says, question for the next episode. Do you guys think, what do you guys think about Annavar in Winstrel sublingual pre workout on training days? Training days only, basically, thanks for the great info. Swallow it. I mean, yeah. I think, come on now. Next. Be a good girl. But then, I'm assuming there was like a test base or something else in there. Do we assume that? Yeah. Like, it's not just an Annavar only cycle and you're not just training three days a week and getting 50 migs of Annavar or sort of Annavar or Winstrel three or four days a week. I'm assuming there's more to this cycle. So if that's the case, I don't see a problem with it. All right. Awesome show. As always, thank you. He says currently five weeks out from my body building show. What do you guys think of dropping testosterone and upping the dose of DHT's like mast around in Winstrel four weeks out? I seem to lose the last pounds of fat in my midsection and thinking of getting that estrogen down to lose blood and water. I'm very sensitive to estrogen conversion. Currently on 500 tests, 200 mast E 100 trend ACE 80 micrograms of clen and 40 milligrams of Winstrel. First, I want to point out, I'm seeing a lot of cycles with really, really low trendosis. 100 a week from last one, I just thought that was interesting. Every other day or something. Yeah. Oh, we're taking 500 tests, 400 mast, 100 and 100. Yeah, probably every week. What I wanted to point out though is I think people are seeing that like, hey, you don't need to be doing 600 milligrams of trend to get the effects. I told you, I had to go around in 30 milligrams a day and he came in and looked at his if, you know, he was running 50 to 100 megs a day. But I don't think he necessarily needs a pull as test completely. I would say maybe try dropping it to 250 and see, you know, how is physique is looking. I don't think you need to go from one extreme all the way to the other, immediately. Why don't you drop down to 300 or 250 and see how you do in there in terms of the estrogen? And then you can reassess because sounds like what he's say six weeks out. He's got plenty to go. He's going to vote us in two weeks if, okay, yeah. So if he does that, he's going to notice in 10 to 12 days, you know, if that adjustment, you know, work form and then he can decide further. Does he need to go a little more or is that the right spot to stay for him? Okay. You go with that skip. Yeah, I am. It's funny. I was smiling because I was going to say the same thing. Drop to 200. 300. I was going to go with maybe even increase whatever you drop, increase 100 or 200 milligrams on the master arm. Yeah. But I will drop it completely. To me, taking, yeah, and this is just me taking master out without tests. I don't, I'm not a big fan of that. It just works so synergistically. You know, with testosterone that, you know, it complements the tests and, you know, increases free testosterone, like a good shit. So in an animal, they entire estrogen property too. So I wouldn't drop it all the way either. Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Body If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software in the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at true nutrition. True nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years. Now, I'm super grateful for them. And I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. You could use our code. Think for health supplements and performance supplements. Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions. And if you're in Canada, check out supplementsourst.ca. They have free shipping over $99. Huge discounts on overstock, short dated, and label change products plus they have all your normal supplements too. Thank you guys for listening to the commercial. I hope you're having a great day and that your bodybuilding is going well. Let's get back to the show. All right. Okay, question for the next show. A legit training, not gear question from Justin. He says, I read skips article. Whoops. I read skips article about doing Vap Guems to bring the waste in. What else can I do to bring my thick ass waist in? Years of strongman has left me with a ton of injuries and a thick trunk. I'm moving to men's physique in my waist is a factor. I'm leaning out in my abs are visible, but the leaner I get, the thicker they are. Love the show guys. Thanks. So I did throw them in the water with a bath. It was the vacuum thing. And that was the three things and it involved not only the vacuums and obviously abdominal training, but oblique training. Because I think oblique training got a really bad rap in the last in the late 80s. People were doing heavy side bands and they were getting thick obliques. And then as an industry, we just kind of went up that idea. Don't train your obliques. Horrible, horrible idea. And I'm pissed at myself or not revisiting it sooner than I did. If you train your obliques correctly, they will actually help to keep your waist smaller. And it will help to keep and this is what I've been getting so much attention for from older guys. And I won't mention names, but some bigger name dudes have contact me and said, Oh my God, I was given your article. This is this is fucking gold. I might actually be able to go back and start training again. And I want to get my pro card where I wasn't able to do that because I knew the distinction would kill me. And it wouldn't allow me to do that. So anyway, obviously the vacuums are hugely important because of TVA. That's, that's, I've gone on and on about that before. The oblique training is important. Now I don't know his particular situation. If from starman he just really has thick, I'm gonna say something that might seem a little bit odd. But if it's truly thickness through his obliques, through his abs, anything else, I would literally not train him. I would let those factors act to be to some because first, you, if you have a strong, then giving up some of that's like you're still gonna maintain a lot of that. And if you're training for men's physique, you're not gonna be training something like strongman or powerlifting. So you don't need that level of strength through your core for lack of a better word, but through your midsection and everything else, you're not gonna need that. I would never tell somebody who's trained heavier in body bone to do that. But in men's physique it may actually benefit him because he'd be able to bring it down. But still I'm not convinced that not training obliques correctly. I really think that that can help a lot of people. I don't know if he has distension. I don't know if it's just thick and down. I'll see sometimes people say well I got to think of down on them and really what they mean is I was a strongman and I'm still if I had any lean enough yet. I don't know if that's what he's saying, but it could be. So get really lean first if you're not to make sure that the abs come down especially if you're holding intributaminal fat which a lot of us do, older guys will hold that fat in it's not subcue fat. It's fat inside around your fucking organs and it's actually the most unhealthy of all of them anyway. And a lot of times when you get lean as fuck and obviously that body fat that intributaminal fat comes down too. Not only your health here, but then all of a sudden you have this wacery like it is big as our product would be it's pretty fucking lean and it could be pretty small. How about a transition though going from strongman to men's physique again right? Yeah, that one got me. Hold that off yeah I'm pulling for him. Hey guys using my one-alog only two days a week right now for back in legs the bottle says it can be used for only 30 days after opening is it safe to use longer and how long before it goes bad. Hard talent. I mean if you kept it in the fridge and you kept it in a spot where it's not getting sunlight it's not getting shaken it's it's basically just staying in that vile still it should still be pretty good. Now one way to test it out and I have people do this when they're like hey I found a bottle of insulin that same thing I said earlier like take two or three units first thing in the morning you know get up check your blood glucose take through three units chart how much it makes you drop if it doesn't drop at all you know then it's not good anymore but if it's still dropping then it's working it's real it's working. You went you went in at the good way I was gonna say take five weight to go hypos and then have some carbs ready. If you don't want to eat bad I just don't want any that an inadvertent man's slaughter chart is coming my way so yeah I said you too with a monitor with blood glucose I have a friend who's given me insulin type one diabetic who's basically been on it all his life and I've asked him I was like hey that insulin you gave me is that still good he's like yeah I'd still use it you know he's like I forget how long he said but it's like an obnoxious amount of time that it's still good yeah okay the bottle of no one throw it away it's a bottle of humilinar because it costs about what eight times as much then you might want to check it out but no one thirty dollars bottle all right you know the guy three weeks out for a show three weeks out from a show is everybody competing I know it's everybody you love to hear your full water manipulation protocol for a 210 pound heavyweight competitor full example final week and it doesn't matter if the person has issues with the past was sweating a lot also would love to hear an example of skip loading protocol and has this changed through the years things in advance got I got to move this in oh in your face grew true and that was a comment I made the other day comment almost wrecked my truck laughing I like to know when we can almost make our listeners crash Josh I'm gonna take a shot at you nice try getting full water manipulation protocol and skip local property yeah but you would know what the now wouldn't like I don't have a water manipulation I don't have you know what I'm saying like like especially if there's an experience competitor I say okay you know what did you do last time how do you feel like it work it would be stupid not to ask those questions right if if they looked really good and you help them put on the muscle and you want to repeat a good peak form so I don't think there's like a water protocol that you know it's trial that that's why you do that trial run that someone asked about you know the six weeks out question you know if you're doing a water let's say a water depletion with a client how often are you looking at them either in person or in pictures during that during that say during the week can you even count how many times you see them well so as we get closer to the show literally it's like okay eat meal one and then an hour later won't pictures after meal two an hour later pictures and you're adjusting like based off of those pictures right yeah exactly exactly because all it's trending for the pictures yeah exactly not the every meal but it's the what's the trajectory where which ways it go and here what's going yes exactly I ask for every meal now sometimes clients I think they think I'm annoying so they they might send it like every other meal or something like that and I'm like I like I'm just here or girl I'm I'm just here trying to help you look your best so like if it's like too much of a pain for you to like go and jump bring your scale with you jump on it real quick and then where something that you can take pictures in have your tripod ready at work or whatever one front one back shot whether it's a guy front double back double whatever it is you know yep that's all I'm asking for it's literally like a peabrik you know but something you know people are when prep they're like oh just another thing to do but yeah no I more information is better you know in my opinion so yeah all right um real quick one another quick one here great show guys is from our live feed of phanzo a phanzo's back by the way a phanzo has his own podcast kit he's the very well just man in the suit yes he's a little bit yeah he's a lawyer he's a lawyer I could tell I could tell you could tell yeah he's either a lawyer or like a really successful like real estate yeah I could see that too yeah yeah I could see I could see lawyer he says just basically slowing down way protein digestion he's using way protein at night currently he's been adding p protein milk four five four point five grams of fat eight grams of protein in zero carb he says I throw in a cup of 2% Greek yogurt too so basically he just wants to try to slow that the digestion down in the end of the end yeah well depends too what what what I missed it the what was the protein type just said way just said way protein yeah if it's way that's going to be a little quicker I recommend this really strong blend that a lot of top prep guys use called team skip blend from Persian nutrition yeah for the right one treat yeah exactly but because it's a blend it does move a little bit slower than the way it's still you're still drinking it's not going to be like a you know a solid protein source exactly that would have more fat in it but it does I mean egg white casing and micro full trade way but anyway add fat to it fat will help to slow down even if you have to take some fat from other meals or a meal or two prior or like prior to that meal or earlier in the day that can help you I think I'm assuming the basically what he's saying is he's probably hungry at night or starving when he gets up in the morning it's not going to make it last all night but if you're having trouble sleeping because you may wake up to pee in your hungry added fat at that time with that last meal and take away for you go to bed I think a lot of people sometimes assume oh I can't have a meal before you get a meal before you go to bed it's just not a great idea to take a bunch of carbs in before you go to bed unless you train late in the day because this car is really not going to be needed it could be argued that carbs aren't really going to cause too much problem prior to bed especially if you train early in the morning there's it's just a lot there's a lot of individuality there but add fat silly him house could do that'd be a lot yeah that's a fatter fiber that's true I should send fatter fiber because it was helped to slow down the rate that everything hit your bloodstream or even I'll give one other thing depending on when he's training and etc you know because a lot of times there were times where like I wasn't hungry when it was time for my next meal but and I had to go to bed to get a good quality night sleep but then I always wake up and use the bathroom real night have the shake just sitting on the bathroom counter so be down the hatch go right back to bed you know all right we got a couple more here let's try to keep these moving um okay so this is about Paul I believe he has uh he's he's an up and comber and up and coming podcast or now question for the next show uh Justin Harris has a client Paul Barnett um who has gained like 80 pounds of solid weight in a year by doing Mike Espertels training system uh but adding a ton of insulin, lantus every day and himolog three times a week three times a week three times a day is there any uh crazy synergy going on here between the high volume um training push pole legs with only one rest day on the Saturday and the constant influx of insulin I feel like most people would break running uh push pole legs back to back without rest days but maybe this guy has something figured out with extremely high carbs high volume high insulin you and you I remember he posted something this is the guy who posted on his things and his video right skip say and they uh because I sent it to you saying like he knew he's like oh I know skip I had been on intense muscle or something like that okay that's him yeah do we tell rates through this one um okay here's the thing that was my way has keeping you from going for an hour okay I can't do it in like 20 seconds either um okay I'm and I'm gonna be very very careful I say this because Paul is a great guy he's made incredible progress he's really good he oh no question he got into in same condition and then his neck show he made huge huge progress and I don't want to leave out Justin Harris Justin Harris and I came out together from early 2000s on an antibiotics uh board he he does excellent work great guy great fam all that sort of shit he knows his shit backwards and forwards but I am gonna say this first I'll say that the protocol I'm not familiar with the fact that he's using insulin he's making great progress that cannot be denied he has made incredible progress from that first show to the second but here's the part that could potentially sting and he might not like me saying this hopefully he takes it for the way that I mean it he was massively over and that's almost a gross under statement he was massively overdited for that first show I remember this guy oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean borderline emaciated like he was it was just he got ridiculously shredded there's no way he was literally on a mission I think just to see and I respect it just to see no fucking retardedly lean I can get like I don't want yeah I can be did it at 195 and the next time I competed bigger I ended up coming in at like 181 because I I was on that mission he did I mean he accomplished it he fucking made a statement and everything but in the process I think he chewed up a lot of fucking muscle tissue so when he came off of that show and this is what I always talk about insulin sensitivity he could not have been more insulin sensitive yeah it was gonna grow like fucking crazy and he did I actually message them and said something to the effect of that he just to be that he was making great progress five that I had seen his pictures like oh my god but be careful because the amount of weight that you're gaining in such a short amount of time really can be detrimental or it can become dangerous I don't know if he is the word dangerous or not but I was I hope it was received the way that I meant it because I meant it just as please don't let anything happen to you gaining all this weight but he kept his condition he kept a very good condition and he came into that second show like he had five years or more of training in between oh so I'm gonna say is whatever he did whatever happened worked but had he not gotten so so ridiculously lean and small for the first show he brought I think that factored into his progress more I don't want to take anything away from his is of course I think if he's listening he understands it like okay I would think of something all of this in the best way and that you're being like hypergly critical in a negative way you're just saying like shit ton of progress still maybe it's a little less dramatic if he's factor in how we may see it and he put himself in right like still crazy awesome yeah maybe not any pounds awesome but like 50 pounds awesome you know now how much of it factored the insulin protocol factor into I don't know I mean I look I give and I've said before insulin done the right way it can it for a lot of people well for some people depending if you're you know how it goes because everybody's individual can really make some big changes I just don't know what part of that is the insulin protocol versus the fact that he came in so light anyway I'd like to see him you can't the contrast if he would have not used the insulin protocol and just reverse diet it out like he had done and then went on stage and he was I mean he was ridiculously bad I want to say he was like I don't know 30 or 40 pounds bigger and so I want to say wait in like 240 for the show or 230 or something like that and he it was just night and day so either way he made ridiculous progress but I think what makes it so much more dramatic it's because he the before and after the one showed to the other makes it look like he didn't have that muscle but he lost a lot of muscle in that process and I want to think and I know I'm assuming this but I want to think that that Justin was more like I really don't want to do this but he wanted to get his just fucking lean and it just is pretty much at the risk of some muscle tissue to do that and then come out of it and it's funny because I'm not doing it to that degree but I'm doing the same damn thing I'm getting lean as fuck so that I can grow so if that was his plan fucking aid to him and thumbs up to you because it worked all right we'll keep moving here because like I said we still have a bunch of them Brett says hey guys I recently saw vigorous Steve's post saying that test flu is caused by the carrier oils is test flu the same thing as trend cough it happened to me before and I thought I was dying at the time is there any way to ensure that we're putting what we're putting into our bodies has a safer carrier oil in it such as castor oil is a firmater T company the only way to go versus UGL thanks for trying to avoid systematic inflammation especially in the heart I'll start out by telling him check out two things we talked about this when we had vigorous Steve on the show with Scott Stevenson and we talked about this when we had Chase Irons on Blood Sweat and Giers skip was a way that week so I'd say check out those two things because we did talk about carrier oils and inflammation from those things but I would also say that test flu and trend cough are two different things yeah what do you guys say on this one I believe test flu is caused by metabolite at a colon on which is a testosterone derivative which your body senses as a formator like an infection and causes that that would that flu like response that you get in the cough just literally the shot going pulmonary yeah trend cough is really different yeah this is caused by which you can get trend cough from any injectable right you can it's just trend balloon it's more frequent because of the I'm going to forget there's I think that age is like one drop lit in there you get such a response from like the cytokines or something like that they just like freeze up the lungs and start to constrict them like crazy what do you guys when you get it because now I'm not gonna tell you what I do I'm gonna ask you first do you then just take deep breaths and just work it out or do you breathe really shallow and just fight to not let it happen I just start coughing like crazy on purpose just like it's gonna happen so like just get it over with here's the thing I fight it I keep very short mid mid breath right and damn it it doesn't hit me anywhere new so as I take a big deep breath damn I can just you usually want to do it it's because I'm I'm taking it when I'm lean so then like I cough like crazy then I look in the mirror and I'm like damn I look good yeah it's very solid and you just have to flirt with it I need this trend cough before I go out on stage my gosh all right all right oh I met Kat Katrina she's out in the UK she brought us some delicious treats too she's an amazing baker she says I have a client um barbers about to have her stomach banded in growing gland removed I didn't know that was a thing she has been doing well with my diet advice though and even started even stated she was shocked at how much food she can eat and lose weight I've been trying my best to talk her out of it what's your guys' opinion on this kind of surgery well I'm an admit I'm right now Googling Grayland gland yeah I didn't think there was a gland the releases growing I know I actually that's it's kind of I think the stomach signals the pituitary gland release horals but I don't we need a friend for them to know what that means Victoria would answer that well she's the okay so you're banding the stomach you're having a lapar's the lapar surgery the growing gland removed well let's focus on the banded stomach I mean I'm sure you guys have no one people I've had several people come to me and be like hey I just had a lap band done you know or or cash I forget the name of the surgery but I got a group very accurate right there's one guy that actually had half of the stomach we moved yeah yeah yeah the band I would just be a lesser of the it's not removing it that's just kind of cutting it off in a sense right choking it off I don't know it's in best way it's been dangerous but I would just say look I would be very investigative on the success rates in terms of where someone is at a year three years five years from having that done and my opinion I think is that it's not very high because they didn't change their behavior most of those people I mean they have TV shows dedicated to this kind of stuff of all the failures you could stretch it back out too that's the other point the it will stretch it out and though it's confined and it's tight it will stretch like anything else again because the behavior has unchanged like you got to change the behavior you know and here's the catch she's making you know she says that she's making progress she shocked how much food she can eat lose weight it to me and and this isn't I don't want to take it shot at the person who wants I understand that her client you know wants us to get her you know life under control and her eating and everything else but if you're progressing just write it and see what happens because that could eliminate an incredibly invasive surgery with tons of potential complications not only during the surgery but afterwards and further down the line it's just a very it's a much higher risk surgery I think than most people think plus it it limits how much food you can eat healthy food you know so it's I've had people who have said like yeah you know I want to do bodybuilding and then it's like you can't eat a lot you know they can get a little bit of protein in a little carbs in no room for vegetables then and it just I think it does add complications I've seen people who really have struggled because they can't eat the volume they had before so you know go to the equivalent of sewing your mouth shut I mean I'm not trying to sell it it's like sewing 80% of your mouth shut and you can only get a straw in or something I mean you're you're gonna it doesn't solve the psychological component or relationship to food and you know so you're putting in a sense a bandaid on a stab wound all right only they could like isolate like the anorectic gene and then like transfer to these people and then take some of this gene and like you know what I mean have created a whole bunch of healthy people yeah yeah okay but the anorectic heart is a psychological disorder too I had a friend die and a lot of time died in a hospital bed refusing to eat but anyway you guys discussed cramping on clan is cramping common with albutarol as well last week I added 15 milligrams of albutarol a day split up into three doses um the last few days I've noticed some leg cramps especially in my adductors growing area electrolytes in torrent help and I'm drinking probably a gallon and a half of water a day but still as a kid I had exercise induced asthma so I was always hitting the inhaler I kind of thought I knew what to expect I've never experienced a growing cramps I don't use and haven't had client use I'll be there I'll probably five times in the 20 years that I've been prepping and I've never used it I could hypothesize I mean if he took torrent and that eliminated the cramps and I guess it's very possible but I don't know if I don't know if there's a connection there or not yeah I mean it's a chemical cousin so stay in some reason that you know if the torrent delete and effects would still hold but I also sometimes wonder like why do people go to things like albutarol when we know like clambutarol works like I feel like albutarol's kind of like I kind of want to burn some fat I kind of don't but you feel like it's safer when I don't think it's any safer I just think it's it's less of a potent fabric really yeah I like to just my third of the dose of clan because that's probably what a moderate dose of a putarol's gonna do to you it's not the same thing I don't want anybody to call me on that but the point is is I'm with you it's just kind of like you should try to true yeah you know it's gonna go and we all know what the sides are from clan and then we don't know as much about albutarol look at this way if it worked very well or it worked as well we would have experienced you know about it and we don't yeah I've tried it you know for fat burning in the past didn't work I've used it in the last year I've had a prescription of it for my lungs I've taken my doctor asked me she was like do you want the 2 milligram or the 4 milligram I was like the 4 4 and using 4 milligrams a couple times a day I didn't notice any cramping whereas I've used low doses of clan and I've got cramping really quick from it you know when you're dieting so I think it comes down to the abduedrault's more specific to the smooth muscle tissue of the lungs yeah and less specific to the contractual tissue all right I think we can wrap this thing up here guys this is this is pretty solid got a bunch of questions up we you know did a bunch of stuff here and we had that other episode that we did with weapon acts which is pretty cool I hope he does really well I think I really want to see him do I feel like there's a lot of people behind him I like this perspective I think it's seem pretty healthy he hasn't been in the sport very long he's had a lot of success early on so I was kind of glad to see that he seems to have a pretty good balance and have a pretty good perspective on everything he can't help a route for people like that well I can't route for him if he's standing next to man I'm just going to say that we're to be any finish of the new work that's why I did that because I was assumed that Derek was in the top five but I don't keep track of anybody else is to where that I just don't outside of my clients I don't I don't care you know if I didn't own him I would have cared but I didn't know so you know who Sean Clarita is all right if you're gonna have that one I do know okay that one I do were to dare at once for yeah name rings about guys we appreciate everybody watching of course check out our sponsors truenutrition.com user code think it's a good supplements over there I mentioned a amino asylum if you know how to get there user code think and of course go to uh supplements source.ca if you're in Canada of course we're all coaches that's why we do this we enjoy helping people we coach all full time skip has been coaching for the longest he's the senior of us uh 20 years now right we're probably gonna be half to say 21 pretty soon because I've been saying 20 years for a long time you know that right right yeah I don't it's gonna be a keepsa in 20 so he doesn't need it you know make me feel younger I don't know guys but if he has skipped that calm you could reach out to skip over there Andrew go to bodyberry.com you can reach out to Andrew for some coaching and for me just email me McNally dietsidegmail.com we'd all be happy to talk to you and you know what that said another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys. Appreciate you taking the time to hang out and answer these questions with me always and thanks for watching the live feed guys we'll see you soon.