It was 500 millionths of testosterone. It was 3 amps of problem, which was around 210, maybe the milligrams. Wait, are we talking per day? No, just let me continue. Okay, okay. 5,5 millionths of test. Yep. 3 amps of problem, 210 mx, 100 mx of anodrol, and 100 mx of anodrol. Per day. What's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Body Building Media. I'm Scott McNeely and we are back again by popular demand. Everybody's been asking when's going to be the next episode with Cuba challenge. What's going on brother? We're back. We're back with a bang. Let's get it. We've got a great topic to cover and we actually have some amazing questions. So I'm actually really excited today's episode because it's going to be a lot of value and a lot of fun because in, in between of the topic of the days conversation, we do have to cover the big cycles, right? So we are going to cover the craziest cycles that you've come across. And I'm going to share one of the craziest cycles that I have had given by one of top Olympian coaches. So I'm definitely going to share it to that. But if you want to hear that, you're going to have to stay along for the ride. You're going to have to comment below and support the channel. So let's get it. Good call. That was a great great salesmanship there Cuba. I really like that. So what are we going to start with here? I know you made a post not too long ago. Basically the topic was trading for fun or training to grow muscle. And I got to tell you man, I always think back to an episode I did with Scott Stevenson. And you know Scott, he doesn't, he doesn't sugarcoat things, but he's also not trying to be like a hard ass or anything like that. Somebody said, I really enjoyed going to the gym every day. And it was a live comment. So Scott looked at it and he said, you know, I see by your profile picture, you know, and I don't mean this as an insult. You don't look like you lift weights. Like if if we just went on the street and you told me that you didn't lift weights or you told me lift weights, you know, I believe you didn't, you know. So you maybe you just enjoy lifting weights for fun. And if that's what your goal is is to go to the gym and just lift weights for fun, because you enjoy that, then I say more part to you train every day. But if you want to grow muscle, you might want to think about doing it a little bit differently and he completely leveled the guy without an intentionally meaning to, you know. I mean, that would have been murder. Imagine that. So you don't have to train like, I know Scott, I don't know. He did not mean no, no malice with what he said. Yeah. Now look, everyone's perception of 40s very different. Look, we're going to agree on that, right? Absolutely. Now, if I was to go in the gym and just train for fun, my training would look completely different to what it does right now. Yeah. Now, I will get into some new one stuff and I will get into how I kind of overcome the training for fun versus building muscle and how I kind of get a middle ground. But you have to understand that building muscle is going to take you doing something that you particularly do not like. Whether it means taking rest when you don't want to rest, or whether it means simply having self-control within the amount of work that you do in that given session. Now bodybuilding is very much a discipline that's all about self-control. You need to have self-control in the gym. You need to have self-control with your schedule, with your meals. With everything you do, it requires a degree of self-control discipline, right? Now when it comes to training for me personally, training for fun would be going the gym, maxing out on every single machine, trying to lift all the weight that can lift, with dropsets, with super sets, trying to basically murder myself. Now, I did that for a couple of years of my training and I made very, very little progress. It was fun, I loved it. But we killed ourselves every single time we trained. It led to very little results when it came to building muscle or even developing an in strength because we was constantly battered. Now, if I was just to do it for fun and just for the love of it, I would be in the gym every single day. And I would be lifting very differently. It would probably cause me some injuries and I would probably end up wrecked like I was back then. But, fact of the matter is, you need to scale things back if you want to actually grow muscle, unfortunately. It's the boring repetitiveness that leads to the greatest results. Sadly, it really does. And unfortunately, for me, as an example, it means doing much less within the sessions. My current volume, for example, 13 sets on push days, 15 sets on pull days, and 11 sets on leg days. That's my current volume. And I'm making great progress on that. In comparison to what I've done before, and in comparison to what I would like to do, it's completely worlds apart. So, if you are not seeing the progress that you necessarily work for, there has to be something that you need to fix. It's either your training or nutrition, or potentially, you might just be a hard gainer. It might just take you more time. But, fact of the matter is, Scott, do you welcome a time in someone's training career where training a certain way will only take them so far? Yeah. Then, then, unfortunately, you will need to step up. You will need to dial things in. So, as you progress, the more you progress, the more advanced you get, the more dialed in you have to get to keep progressing. Sure. This is why you see a lot of guys that are so talented, and that are so gifted, they get to a certain point, and then you just see stands still. Because at that point, there are a few stats you'll learn more, and there are a few stats you'll do, what they need to do, rather than what they want to do. So, I do have a lot of a rule. When it comes to coaching, when it comes to trying to have that middle ground and even on myself, where it used to be a 90-ten rule, where 90% of the work is the work that I have to do. 10% of the work is the fun stuff that won't necessarily benefit me or have the greatest return investment. Right now, right now, it probably looks more like 99-1, because I have learned to lean into getting enjoyment out of doing this stuff that's required of me. Because for me, that drive is more so revolving on progression, right? And what I can do to make more progress, I want to do, and I'm willing to do. Right? And I'm willing to put my bias to the side to be able to do that. But generally, I think to me, a middle ground, especially if I have clients there, and not professional, but it was not trying to really reach the true potential completely, they're not at that level. You've got to have that rule of 90-ten or even 80-20, just to make them happy. And depending on what happiness is and what concept of happiness is for some people, right? Some people, the match is want to say like, right, I just want the results, tell me exactly what I want to do. Yeah. That's fine. Then you completely disregard that rule, and you give them exactly what they need to do. So what is the difference? The difference is simply making sure that you are doing the training that you can recover from and progress with over time. No matter what your training style is, whether it's high volume, low volume, high intensity, low intensity, I don't care. Right, but as a result of whatever it is, there has to be a degree of progression. Yeah. If there is not a degree of progression, you are probably not making a progress. You're far. Yeah. A degree of 100 percent, man. In fact, Scott, once again, Scott Stevenson said the one common thread in every training study that there's ever been is the fact that in some way or another, there's a progression. Yeah. I listen, this is not just me talking, Ross, I was just saying, this is literally the back by studies that has to be a way to progress. To me, in my personal experience, when I just did stuff for fun, the progress just wasn't anywhere near close to what it is now. Yeah. I trained too hard, and I mean, Scott, every set was a widow maker with, with probably dropsets and beyond. So he wasn't just taking set to failure. It was a widow maker with force reps and occasional dropsets. Like, yeah. Mate, when you're doing 12 12 work in sets, 13 14 work in sets, per session, and every set is taken there like this, you're not recovering. Doesn't matter what food you eat or what drugs you take. Yeah. I do not believe you can recover from that physically. Yeah. Yeah, you should have possible, 100%. But mate, the amount of fun I've had was just ridiculous. So look, the clear differences between people that do it for fun and people that actually do it for results is having a clear vision, a clear goal and a clear plan. The people that go in the gym for fun, they often have no idea what they're going to do. They just turn up and do stuff. When you turn up and do stuff at random, you've got no ways of tracking a progression. If you have no ways of tracking a progression, it will be much harder to actually see progress within your lift because you're probably doing random exercises, every single time you come in the gym, different training structure, different styles of training, and trying to kind of like, mish mash it all together. And look, all of the training styles work if you actually stick to one of them. Right. But if you try and combine them all at once, guess what? You're probably not going to get what results. Yeah. So you need to have a clear vision, you need to have a clear goal and you need to have a plan. I feel like a lot of our people, they do have a set plan. Yeah. You know, they'll have a set split. I do, you know, this particular split every Monday, I train this or whatever. But then it's getting into that work out, I think, where things don't align with actually growing. You know, because you can still just have a lot of fun doing whatever split you set up and not progress. You know, it takes effort to track things. I think that, you know, it does, I've met a lot of people who tell me, and I've been there myself, like, I just don't want to track this. It makes it less fun. But ultimately, I think there's something to be said, Cuba, about you mentioned, you said that you feel like after a while you've figured out how to enjoy the things that it takes to grow isn't the things that it takes to grow and reaching your goals isn't that really ultimately the most rewarding. That's the most fun to me, you know? It absolutely is. I mean, come on, like, why would you want to go in the gym and not see progress? That's no idea of fun to me. That's hell. And look, I love training and, you know, I love training hard. But after a while, when I didn't see progress, I needed to have a good thinking and kind of have a little bit of a self was like, right, what do I need to do now to actually make progress? I need to scale back. It's as simple as that. Now, I completely get the idea that people say, or, you know, logging takes the fun out of my training, which is like, does it, does it, have you tried it? Because these are also the people that haven't actually tried logging effectively. What these people generally do is they'll start logging the sessions. They will want to take massive progressions in the logbook and that just doesn't happen to score as you know yourself. Even when you first start on cycle, right? Like, you will see bigger jumps in progression, but it's still nothing really significant. You won't see a 20 pound jump on the bar every single week. But unfortunately, when people don't understand logging, they try to take these big jumps in progression. And then what happens? They have to change their execution. They're in demolition shorts. The joints start to hurt because they're trying to lift the loads that are above and beyond the means. So then the idea of fun starts to diminish because they're not actually seeing the progress they're looking for. Yeah. So I come to the lead on the standard concept, right? But nine times at a time, it's not the logging itself. It's more so inaccurate way of logging the workouts that leads to lack of enjoyment. I could see that. Yeah, because then you end up disappointed when you weren't getting what you're one out of it. Absolutely. Now, some of the athletes that I've worked with have been past and a huge thing that I've had to learn was scaling back on our training intensity. And this is me not saying training will reps in his earth. This is me saying not training above and beyond failure for everything that's set. Because in past what I would do is I would take my sector failure. I would fail. But then I would continue with either partials or cheat reps. Now, and you will have not this issue yourself. I can guarantee that and let me know your thoughts on this book as you get bigger and stronger. The cheat reps in my opinion, they have no merit. They have no more value. All they will actually do, especially the cheat reps that you do and bigger compound lifts, they will more than like the drive much more fatigue with very little reward when it comes to quality stimulus. And you can't track it. You know, I got eight reps, plus I got three quarter rep, three quarter rep, half rep, you know, how do you correct that? You know, well, the problem is people do track that as reps. Then what happens is the next week comes around and they try to beat that. So what happens then? It's impossible to beat those kind of reps. And that's the mistake I used to make with login. And that was like what six years ago. You know, I used to log these reps and then next week I would try and beat that when I was already training free for reps past failure. It's just not possible to have that sort of progression week to week, even if you're running Coleman. It's just not happening. I've found I've seen it a number of times Cuban guys that I work with where they're doing this. That's one of the first things I try to get them to stop doing. And what I've told them is is that when you feel like you're not going to be able to get another one, stop like, don't, yeah, well, stop or this, like maybe you, you're you're doing a pull down, go back up to the top, get that nice stretch, good stretch at the top, and go for one more. Like give it all you've got. Give it one more and see if you can get it. If you don't get it, you're done. And ultimately, I think that that's how we can really start digging into build more intensity is because we're learning to harness it all at the end of the set. We're needed. Absolutely. Also, I know, but very well, it's a lot to to understand what you're out for. And about you've actually seen that with that guy that you've probably taught that is that when the sets get hard, people do everything in their power to then continue and make the lift easier. So what happens then is the set probably started perfect and he was doing great reps, you know, it doesn't have to be picked on my execution, but his reps were standardized. Each rep will be able to say if you have to change your position, change your engine motion, execution in any way shape or form to continue getting more reps because you are unable to do another rep without changing it. Guess what? You're done. Yeah. The set is over. Any more reps pass that have no merit. And for me personally, that has been my biggest downfall in past when it came to see meaningful progression week to week. And being able to harness that and rewinding back to what I mentioned about self-control earlier, having that self-control has been a game changing training, it really has. I fully acknowledge having that self-control with my decision making, having that self-control with my reactions in everything I do has definitely paid off dividends. So self-control, man, it's a game change not just for training but almost anything in life. And even looking back, it looks even looking back and the reason why it was such a big moment for me. When I realised that applying the same self-control, that I had in one of the training and stopping the reps at a perfect time, when I actually reached failure, applying that in situations where I would normally react emotionally and controlling myself a little bit more, has resulted in me putting myself into much better situations in almost everything I did. So as you can imagine, I tied you to my training but I also got my shit together with the self-control. Right? It's in it both in and outside of the gym. So that's just a little benefit for you guys to kind of use. Sage wisdom, little Cuba, log book Sage wisdom going out here. It's true. It's true. You know it. It's true. 100%. Hey, think about this right. How many times in a week, you have to stop yourself even doing something or saying something that would potentially put you in a bit of a negative place. It's probably especially if you're on social media. It'd be so easy to just say the right, you know, just give it five minutes, you know, come back to it. Yeah. Yep. And then you don't say it and guess what? You've won. Yeah. But yeah. I'd said it. You lost. So you've got to think of it. You've got to think of the same of the training, right? Every single time you take that rep that wasn't there, you are taking away from your progression because guess what? Every time you go past failure, each time the next session comes around, you are likely slightly on the recovery going to it. So guess what? You won't see the progression again because you're probably blew your load. The previous session trying to get those reps that wasn't there. And it's actually a conversation that Jordan had with me in past when he was talking about his press work and chess pressing. He said to me, like, look, I don't take any 50, 50 reps from a chess press in. So he's like, rap is still like back and back then, especially was still pretty perfect. And I was like, on paper, this almost looks like he keeps him reps in a tank. But I know he wasn't. Right. He just wasn't taken, rap's that I simply not there. That is not capable of completing without taking without without changing the execution, right? And when I implemented that, the progress that I was able to see weekly was fucking huge. And again, that was just an recumoman and applying that to all of my sessions. Not only I was able to recover session session, but I was able to even take an additional rep or a low progression in almost all of my sets. Whereas in comparison, it'd be a progression here and there within a set, then I try and do the shit reps, log them, try and progress that again. And it just be a vicious circle of going to sessions on the recovery, making mediocre progress, right? Yeah, with with how often I'm seeing this, I feel like this point is probably going to reach a lot of people. I feel like in fact, I'm going to say guys, if you're one of those guys, no shame in it, but if that's what you've been doing, please comment and tell me that you're going to change it, and then follow up and let us know down the road in a future episode how that's going. Because I really do believe that this in itself can be a legitimate big impact or on your level of intensity. It's not just that, but the level of progression that you will see will be huge. Sure. I want to finish this topic on this a little bit now. In order for this to work in the real world and in practice, I truly believe you have to learn how to truly take the sets there. And past failure. So you need to experience the hard sets, the sets past failure, the force reps, to be able to understand when that true failure point is because on the other hand, and I'm not sure what your take on is and you can tell us after. I have seen so many people just stop reps when they are nowhere near that point where I know they probably have free form or more clean reps but the reason why they're stopping them reps is because they're getting them comfortable. It's starting to hurt. It's starting to get a little bit nippy, especially when you see the hot squat sets or the leg press sets or even leg extensions. Like you can see it's getting harder. And then it's almost like they stop or they do a couple of reps with like fake hard reps. And you can see the fake hard reps because the load's slowing down. But the finish it's super easy and come back down. And I'm like, yeah, I've seen that before, bro. But you've had a lot more in the tank. So do not cheat them reps and take it all the way. So I do think there's merit in look. There's a lot of clients that will implement this with and you can probably vouch for this. But there's still a lot of people that you probably wouldn't turn around and say, actually, you need to scale back on that sort of intensity because I still have a lot of guys and girls that I wouldn't necessarily tell them you need to pull back here. But on the other hand, I've got guys and girls that are still going to the gym and it's like a suicide mission. When I'm like, Jesus Christ, if you don't pull this back, you're going to put yourself in the ground. Yeah, yeah. Now I'm with you 100% on that man. You do and you do have to figure out what that level of intensity is. Like, you know, we've talked about it before and it's just bodybuilding. We're Ron and Dusty have talked about how like, is a widow maker set really going to be the best thing for growing muscle? It's going to be fun and you're going to learn something from it, too, because it's always in those sets that we really realize what we truly work capable of. Come on, let's go in there. Yeah, general, that's the fun set, right? But it's not a set that's lead to the greatest of results. Look, we could also have the argument and someone actually asked me this, well, why don't you just lower your volume down and do more of these sets? Because in my opinion, I think scaling back with the volume, it still would not lead to the same growth. As it would, just doing clean sets. So in my opinion, right? Their point was basically, instead of doing two clean sets, why don't you just do one set that's like past failure with a widow maker, etc. It's like, well, the stimulus that you actually get from two clean sets is probably greater and you probably feel less smashed off back of those two sets than you would of one crazy widow maker sets. Yeah, the way you're talking about it is this is so this is still this is hard, hard training. Like, I would love to see a demo because if you I'm sure everybody watching right now also follows you on Instagram, they follow your YouTube, they see what your training looks like. So it's not like things got a little tough and then you locked out and, you know, racked it. This is still extremely difficult, but at the same time, what I discovered in training like this is that my knees didn't bother me the same way. You know, I didn't have issues the way I would in the past, man, because there was a time, Cuba, I spent like 10 years with my elbows hurting in my knees hurting, you know what I mean? I'm going to send you over to clip. Okay, I can probably pull up. All right, cool, cool. And that was probably like one rat more, I would probably need to take. Right, it's a it's a long set. So you might, you might want to kind of skip towards the end. Can you, do you have an Instagram or anything? I actually haven't watched up, can I do it? What's up? I, you know what, with this program, if I drag it in here, it's going to boot us off. I'm not sure how to do it, but I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I can drop it in post production though. Right, what I will do is anyway, I'll set you the video over and you can, you can pull it up. But when you look at the last couple of reps, like even before the last rep that I do, yeah, I still have to take a little bit of pause to reset and rebraise. So the last rep all down paper, it probably looks like a maybe could have squeezed another rep out. Yeah. But with how it fell in a special speed on that leg press of that concentric and how I felt internally, I know that if I attempted another rep, I would probably need to rest for longer to get it or in Mark would have had to give me a push to continue. So it's a trade off, but the only reason why I am able to recognise that is I do have the self-awareness of what it actually feels like to do a rep that isn't there. Yeah. So there is also merit to learning to train to that place and then once you learn to train with that sort of intensity, weight, killing yourself, yeah. That's when you also need to apply that self-control whilst maintaining the same intensity. Yeah. But the way I see it too cool, but as you're not telling people to stop, you'll still know when failure is because you go for that last say once again, I'm thinking about that pull down. You go for that last rep and it just doesn't go. You know, and that's when you thought it versus trained and now repeat that five more times halfway. You know? Absolutely. There's this part of some back clips they can pull through as well. From the pull session I was just posted as well. You can pull some of those up. All right cool. I can pull this see an example, but yeah, that's pretty much an difference between training for fun versus training to actually build muscle. Have you got a feeling something that you got to feel sad? No, man. I think that that was fantastic. And I'm chomping at the bit to get into this diet topic too because I'm right there with you and I know that you started your prep now. How are we going to couch this or excuse me? How are we going to seat this particular conversation with? So I have started prep and very much excited. Very much excited. I've just started prep on Saturday. So I think we'll probably do an end of that episode on how to start a prep or what calorie food could just make, what to do with your cardio, what to do with your drugs, what to do everything, how to basically start prep on a diet phase and what you need to do beforehand as well. So what we could actually cover is a complete timeline, but I'm actually four days into diet. I'm clear. And people are ready to leave you. I'm not actually but it's already moving pretty well. Initially I always want to start a little bit harder and I do feel like I always drop a lot of it a good way and that inflammation just from my food. So it's definitely moving forward pretty well. But the question, the question that I had for you, because I know that you're like 27 pounds down already. Yes. So how are you finding that so you? Oh dude. So I'm finding it to be fantastic. Like it's been an absolute game changer for me. I've got a unique situation though. We've kind of determined that I probably have some pretty serious mitochondrial dysfunction after I got sick in 2021. You know, I got the long bug and it really had affected me in every way. So for instance, like I might be in a good group, things are going well. I'm making progress. Then we go to the Arnold Classic. I'm up for like four days straight basically and it's just so much activity after that. Usually it takes like a day of a little bit, you know, down time and then you bounce back. I'd find I wouldn't bounce back. I would just be in a hole and my appetite would go. My ability to train would go. My motivation would go. Like I'm talking from doing really good to now at like, you know, can't really do much, a lot of brain fog. So with SLU, I'm not getting those dips now. So for me, it's just to, you know, after the Arnold I had a day where I needed to rest, but after that I got right back on track and within a week, I was doing what I needed to do, but then pushing back at a hundred percent within a week. So I'd say that that in itself has been the biggest game changer for me. But just the cognitive boost that I get from it has helped dramatically in my motivation to say, be aggressive, get my work done, schedule the time in for my cardio, you know, make sure that all my meals are prepped. And all those things is you get those going. They start feeding into it. Then you start seeing the progress in it, you know, that fire catches. So that's definitely helped with that for me. What I've noticed in terms of results, so what have you actually done with your food and how has it affected your training performance? Have you felt any difference with training performance and muscle retention? What have you actually noticed when it comes to not just fat loss? Because I assume fat loss has been what you easier with it in, right? It's so interestingly, I'll tell you what the number one thing I noticed is improved cardio endurance. So that's going to be both in on the treadmill doing cardio and it's going to be within a working set that I'm finding that I can withstand a lot more. And that was a struggle for me previously. So that has really opened me up. When I first started it, my diet was, you know, I'm on track with a diet. I just shifted everything to make sure I'm eating clean eating five times a day. And I started seeing a re-company effect. I started seeing when I added the SLU in, so the scales going down a little bit, going down a little bit, I added the SLU and the scale stopped going down and I continued to improve compositionally without any scale change. Eventually I pushed the diet hard. And I decided, you know, sometimes Cuba, you can take somebody and you know, you remove a cup of rice and you start in an add 20 minutes of cardio and they start moving for me with where I'm at and where I'd been stuck for about four years. I figured I think I need to push harder to get things moving. So I went all the way down to protein only five meals a day and one serving of carbs. And out of the gate man I was starving, right? But I instantly started seeing the scale just start radically moving at that point and I got to the point where I could start adding more food back in. So it's like, you know, once you get that fire started, you can throw a couple more sticks on and they just get incinerated, you know. So now I mean building up carbs three to four times a day, I will cycle them lower on non-training days. And I also I've intuitively been cycling them lower. Like I want to push for a little bit more scale loss by Friday before I do a reload and I'll, you know, maybe say, you know, I'm going to skip the carbs in this particular meal because I know that I'll wake up later tomorrow if I do that type of thing. You haven't made any changes to any other, any other super-suped right? You've just added in 20. I added in 23 now too. So okay. No, no, no, I'm not underage is no nothing really. Okay. Well, 27 pounds no, but as of now I have. We maybe I didn't, I haven't been at cycling a long time. I ran a little bit of a little bit of debuffer, you know, while back, if things go as plan, I got to get my labs done. I want to make sure that my hematocrit's in order. Also too, I want to see if I get any cholesterol improvement from acyloid. My cholesterol is pretty good, but I've been hearing people getting benefits. So I'm excited. I'm going into tomorrow morning to get labs, but I made a maybe preemptively already started a couple days ago. So if things are looking the way I want, I'm looking at something like 800 tests, 600 EQ. Oh, very nice. That will be perfect. Now, what about training performance? How has it affected your training performance all? I might, I'll tell you what, man. I haven't seen any kind of dip. Put it this way. My food is obviously like lower harder or depleted than I had been in a long time and my training is only getting better. But do keep in mind too. I'm not where you're at. You know, I was a competitor for years and years and I maintained that level of training. But after I got sick, man, they were prepared to time that I couldn't train. So getting back to where I am now, it took a lot of humility to say, like, listen, I'm not log booking like you are right now. Like, put it this way. I'm doing for a chest day. I'm doing a one body part split that's working well for me right now. I can recover from it and my last exercise is literally pushups. As many sets, as many reps as I can get for three sets. So I do two chest exercises. As a third exercise, as a set up is three sets of pushups using perfect form, keeping my core real tight and it's just a good way that I can push myself further. But that's because, man, if I was on the, the 20, you might be on the 40th story right now. I was at maybe the 25th story, something like that. I'm back down to the ground floor, you know what I'm saying? Now, we'll be soccer. Are you going to tie straight up all we're just going to straighten out that dose? I'm just going to go straight in at that dose. I don't see a reason not to. I figure with knowing my body, knowing how I've experienced things before, EQ really starts to come into its own later and the cycle. So there's no reason for me to tie straight up. I'll just run it as this. And it's just an experiment. Could you say it's a heavier cycle for someone that's not, you know, doing anything extreme? Yeah, you could say that. But I'm also a guy who's done a lot of gear in my day. So I'd say for me, this is, this is a hefty cycle for where I stand now. But you know, it's, we'll see. Just because I said that's what I'm going to do doesn't mean that's the way it's going to carry out either. I may pull back some, you know. I mean, listen, talking to a log here, that's literally dropping the ocean with a cycle that I've got sent. So I'll tell you what I'm using at the moment a little bit. But okay. I want to, I want to turn one of the one of the biggest cycles that I've ever had prescribed. All right. Are we saying? All right. So it was 500 million of testosterone. It was three amps of problem, which was around 210, maybe milligrams. Wait, are we talking per day? No, just let me continue. Okay. Okay. Okay. Five hundred megs of tests. Yep. Three amps of problem, 200 timings, 100 megs of anodrol, and a hundred megs of debo per day. And that was at 18 weeks out from the show. No, sorry. My, my, my, I say, that was 16 weeks out from the show. Oh, that's completely different than 82 nevermind. No, six. Oh, that was crazy. Target first there. Yeah, 16 weeks out from the show. So let's say it was 720 times seven. That's five grams off the bat per week at 16 weeks out. So yeah, safe to say I did not do that cycle because I, I definitely fought to myself. If I actually do that cycle, I will likely not finish the prep and end up in jail. So it's probably not going to do that. Because I'm a draw and and problem at the same time. That those daily, it's probably going to be a little bit too much for me to handle mentally, especially back then when I was 20, what I think I was back then. Oh, yeah, yeah, I was 20. That was that was my prep for for the British, the actual British that that held some value. And that was the year that were holding it actually the one it's pro card. Oh, I remember that I could actually, yeah, actually, well, I was actually in the overall room. I want to have you, I see you on the super habits. You're kidding. No kidding. Yeah, yeah, and I want the juniors that there as well. Okay. Wow. So that was like 14,500 milligrams of of trend. That's insane, man. It's in some. I'll be honest though, I have done some heavy trend cycles in past, but I've never been 14 hundred. I've never been 14 hundred. I've done, I think Max Trin, I've done was either 700 or potentially a thousand and general art. It just made me feel like shit. I couldn't eat any made me feel like shit. I put this 700. Yeah, I didn't, I didn't have it. There was a time period of what everyone did a hundred weeks of Trinody. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I started with last. I started with 50 every other day, but over time through the cycling, increased it going into the show. By the time I got to it, honestly, Cuba, I couldn't really tell the difference. Like it just, I didn't feel terrible on it, didn't feel great on it. But it definitely feels like, man, you're a light heavyweight at a state level show. Maybe you don't need to be doing all of this. Yeah. I'll be honest, you know, in the past two years, my trend used personally, I'm with clients, has definitely less and less. Yeah, I personally don't go off 200 milligrams now. I don't see the need. Yeah. I really think 200 gives me everything that I need. And with a number of clients now, I don't actually train with them because I've actually seen much better results in prep without using trend because they're sleeps bad. The mood's bad. Yeah. And listen, if someone's moved is better, someone sleeps better. The results are better. They're going to be a little self better, you know. Yeah, what am I clients? Dara, you can probably search in a minute, like I'm Dara, Dara, Dara, not tomorrow. He's actually tagging me in like a transformation from where I first started working to tell her to be. So, anyway, long story short, he's around 10 kilos up now. Probably 10 kilos up. And I would put a say, conditions comparable, and he's not using any trend. And for him, it's just, it's been a game changer, it really has, like, is muscle retention's bad, it's performance is bad. We're actually using less overall drugs this year. And he's like, 100 one kilo and a comparison to when he was like 91 kilo. So you can imagine that the difference is huge. So look, when it comes to drugs and it comes to all these numbers, I think people get a massive hard on when it comes to antibiotics and when it comes to crazy circles, but let me tell you now, Scott, the past two years, my gay use and my overall cycles have been getting less and less and have been seeing more and more results. Yeah, I'm especially even in prep. So I know there might be people who don't believe you, but let me just throw something in really quick because I'm thinking people are going to wonder this. So you're a big dude, do you feel like you're able to cut back now because you're already, he's already big so he doesn't need as much. Is it one of those things or what do you think? No, I don't think so. I think there's a definitely a bit of a, a bit of a u curve with gear where yes, more does more to it agree. And I think once you get to that certain point for your own tolerance and unfortunately this is where I know some guys and girls that can tolerate a fucking bulk load of gear and they don't get that negative return. But some guys really do. So for me personally, I think there's a sweet spot at which you will grow the most. For me personally, for me personally, it's between two, up to, up to closer towards 3000 milligrams, but the line of 2000 and 3000 I feel like is the sweet spot. Okay. I feel like that's the best when it comes to return an investment for doing what you're doing and the results not really feeling like your sleep soft as an appetite soft as but again, that's making up and again one important caveat, right? That total milligrams is only made up from test pre more a mast. Okay. Wow. Because I do feel like certain compounds vary, milligrams to milligrams, not for sure that not in the effects that you necessarily get when it comes to building muscle but what effects they can actually cause when it comes to the stress on your body? And again, look, certain compounds for some people, they might feel fantastic. I know you get on with your Q so well, personally, I take 500 times a week, one I get nothing from it but two, it's the only compound that really makes me feel like really depressed and down and I'm just, yeah, I always never want you to run that then, you know? Yeah, I'm just a little bit, and you know what, I don't feel like I get anything from it. I feel like I'm just pulling it in and it just does nothing. So for me, it's definitely off the table. Pressed as well. I get, yeah, trust it on me, that's all Jesus Christ. When I tried that, that was horrendous. And I've got a team man that was even better for me. Do you know what though? I think the only time when I think I would get benefits right would be in prep. Yeah, yeah, I think that. Super lean, when you're super lean and even that at very low dose. But even right now, like the cycles, the start point at 24 weeks out is five hundred tests, a thousand pre-mode, that's it. Okay, what is your estrogen due with the dose like that? See the pins because I know at the moment and I've just had my blood worked on off the back of my bridge, which was much lower than that. And I'm going to see where it lands. But generally my estrogen is actually just above the range on this on this cycle. Okay, okay, the pre-mode is lower, but even right now, because I've only just started, that my estrogen still pretty high at the moment because in my bridge, I mostly did test for a lot of bit of pre-mode. Yeah, yeah. And again, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say T.R.T. Plus because it wasn't T.R.T. Plus. But anyway, it's mostly above the range. But again, with estrogen, I don't think you should let it run wild. I think it should still be on the control. So for me, I do take my blood work every six weeks with evil, Dave, massive shallow. You're probably not about what we've done. I literally have my blood work from Dave from the day start at evil. Every six to ten weeks since he started. He told me that you are impeccable with your labs and that you were super on top of that stuff. That's great, man. It's good to be able to. We're very very lucky to have him because like the day he set that company up, I messaged him and I was like, Dave, I want to pay it from, I want to pay for like five tests and I want to learn every six weeks. He was like great. And you know what, his service was that good. I was more than willing and more than happy to keep paying until Dave was in a position where he was able to sponsor me. But I was one of his very first clients. I'm not sure if he's told you. But anyway, that's off the topic. Estrogen-wise, I do like to keep it somewhat above the range, especially in the offseason. But then prep, I do prefer to actually keep my testosterone a little bit lower, rather than escalating to testosterone. So from here now, I will probably pull my test down eventually, rather than bringing it in. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure. It's interesting. I'm with you too. I'm like, I don't mind Estrogen running high, but especially in prep. Like I'm not going to to the point where it used to be, you know, years ago used to say, like, oh, you got to have estrogen low year round. But I do think in prep when fat loss is your goal and composition your look is your goal. I do think that keeping that estrogen under wraps is definitely super imperative, you know? I think so. I think crushing estrogen, it doesn't have any merit. Right. Completely bottom out. I think there's no benefits. However, key print in range, or even on the slack, the lower side, especially as you get close to a show. I think there's a lot of merit because it gives you the ability to assess your physique. Very, very clearly with no water present. Yep. So your decision making is better, whether you think or actually that's not body fat, that's water or is it actually you're still holding body fat, you need to get leaner, get on the forestand. Get on the stem, Master. Eat some fish, it should so I do think there's this definite point at point with that. So generally when it comes to the cycles, I do prefer testosterone lowering prep and then higher in the off season. But again, that's my preference. And I don't generally see any negatives having my testosterone lower. And I don't feel like I get flat at Eva. I think that's a little bit of a, that's a little bit of a myth where people think that the full of testosterone, I don't necessarily think the fuller, it's just the probably carrying more water. Yeah. Yeah. And into a degree you're on more total hormone too. You know, if you were on, say you take your test to a thousand, I would hope, you know, that you were fuller going on to three grams versus a gram and a half, you know. Yep. But equally than that, if you put ground cream on, you're going to feel a lot of fullness from that alone. So true. It's true. After a certain point in my opinion, it all virtual does the same shit. This is why I got this is why I do not actually put that much emphasis into the drugs. Because we know what we need to know about the drugs. We know the differences between the drugs. It's not rocket science. It's nothing super complicated. It's all testosterone derivatives. It's actually super simple. Like yes, all of these drugs do have some unique properties. I do believe that. I do think there's this very little difference right between them. And I do think that some people genuinely respond better to certain drugs. Like I have clients and I've seen people respond extremely well to just master on. And then on the other side, I've seen people that take master on and they just feel like shit. So guess what? Yeah. Don't take master on. Take pretty about you and you keep. Yeah. Oh, you know, if you like you keep like Scott, you take you. Yeah. You find out what works. And you lean into that. When I first ran a few, I ran it at 400. I was like, yeah, I don't really notice anything better. Like I thought this is going to be like a people told me like a dryer decker. You know, and I didn't see much. But a few years later, I was like, well, what have and I take it. I only took you that one time in the ironic high. And for me, once I got that up there, past like 800, that's when I said, oh, yeah, this is for me. But it took that. And guess what? The opposite man. That goes never a thing for me. I just never felt good on it higher dose. I felt even worse. So I just I leaned away from that. That's what I think the most important things are when we try to figure out what's what what what cycles should you do. It's well, what do you respond well to? And I think that's what I try to do and I'm sure you do too as a coach. Yeah, absolutely. Try to figure out what works and you lean into those things with with an individual and who knows what it's going to be, you know? Yeah, Genoa Scott, I found the decker when I was young. I could take a boat load and I felt great. Really? Now, every time I try decker, I just get so much anxiety. I can't touch it. No kidding. And I find it with so many people, even as little as 100 million on the MPP and I can already tell the mood changes. So for me, personally, what I like the most is simple, test pre-mormasts. Like these are the free compounds that I know that I get on well-willed, well-willed, well-willed, I get great results with, and guess what? Ninety-naps out of people really do get on well with them with no adverse effects. And then tremble on, spring color a bit of tremble on is the king, especially in perhaps. So I'm not, I'm not opposed to a little bit tremble on, but again, the dosages of it have definitely come down over the years, especially now. I'm probably thinking this, this prep, I don't think I probably run more than 150 maybe, maybe 200, we'll see. Okay, we'll see also what Dean says, but definitely definitely on the lowest scale of tremble on now. However, however, however, I do have some guys, some guys that really do like the trend, especially some of the European guys, but I have convinced them to take a little bit less, so that's a win. Yeah, what do you think about since we're on the topic, where do you stand with Oral's in the contest prep? Very good question. I'm definitely not against them, but I definitely do like to use them more towards the back end of prep. Yeah, and my choice of Orals would be between Anadroll and Avar, Winstrel and Halo, nothing else really. I don't think there's any other ones that really do anything. And the choice would be between someone that gets extremely conditioned, but needs more fullness, generally, Anadroll works really well. Someone that generally needs to get harder to an agreed winstrel, and you know what, the people that say that Orals don't make a difference, they've never had a good Oral, because let me tell you, I put 25 milligrams of winstrel in and I can see a big visual difference in how I look at our seven days. Oh yeah, same with the same with Anadroll, like for me Anadroll, I had Anadroll again two free pounds of fullness instantly, and I look fuller and leaner. Yeah, so yeah, when people say Orals don't work, it's like, bro, you've never had a good Oral, that's probably a side of a bit wrong, it's saying you've never had good Oral, but what you said is the sound clip for the beginning of the show, you know. No, I'm not serious, no. I don't think people have had good Orals, in that case, and again when it comes to dosing Orals, 25 milligrams, I think it's a great start point, even for some more lat myself, just because you are bigger, doesn't mean you need more drugs. So, you know, 25 milligrams, it goes a long way, and I'm not against the so that mix in Orals either. Don't get me wrong, I do think there's merit to just stick into one Oral and see what it does, but if you already know that effect that you get from these Orals, I'm definitely not against mixing them. Yeah, I'm not opposed to that either. Because I could say earlier, drugs do have that unique properties and unique effects, so it doesn't make sense in certain situations to capitalize on them, right? I mean, especially the cosmetic look at that last, the last little bit, you know, it's not, this isn't stuff where like you're going to use the Oral to look your best through summer. It's more like one day, we want you to look a certain way, and I think that you can really capitalize on. The other nice thing I think about Orals is the speed in which they work, you know, if we want to see get a certain look with a long acting injectable, we have to do a lot of planning, like master on a nothing, love that, but we're not going to be making last minute changes with it, you know? No, I completely agree. So it's not just the sharpness but it's like the instant improvement in training performance that you get is huge. Yeah, and I think to it agree, the neurological drive that you get from them, definitely has a lot of merit, especially in prep. Now, one thing that a lot of coaches and educators often overlook, for example, when it comes to Anavar, and I love Anavar personally because you can potentially safely use it from like eight weeks out or even ten weeks out, and I don't think Anavar would have that much of a negative impact, I'll be honest. When it comes to Orals, I think that's probably the safest, but when educators say that pre-mo is better than Anavar for women, one small, very well, and that's a little bit of topic, but still on top of Corvall, so it's still classes, right? It's still useful, it's still useful. One little thing they overlook is that pre-mo actually has quite a long car fly. So when it comes to using pre-mo of females, they're not on for six weeks, they're on for longer than that. Yeah. For example, so I have personally seen, and that's out of experience coaching a lot of females, women do get more side effects from pre-mo against what a lot of educators actually claim. And is it with their same thing? That's what they're saying, a lot of them, yeah. My personal opinion, it's actually Anavar that does see much less side effects, and I think the main reason for that is because it is so in and out. I mean, you're not taking out of Orals, guess what? It's probably out of your system, right? You don't take pretty much around those, you know? Yeah. You don't take pre-mo tomorrow. It's still there probably for 10, 14 days, if not longer. Yeah. So there's a big, big difference, especially when, you know, we're talking five max 10 milligrams, it's definitely going to have an impact between both. So if any of the female listeners are watching this, and someone is telling you that take pre-mo, it's going to give you less sides. And Anavar, I promise you, it won't. You will get more results from pre-mo. It's stronger. Imagine when it comes to building muscle. But that also comes at a higher cost. If you want less side effects, you want something quick in and out. Anavar is probably your best bet. And this way, guess what? If you're a bikini athlete, five milligrams for last three weeks, six weeks, even, and you're done. Pre-mo, if you're all looking up taking pre-mo five, six weeks, you're actually taking it for eight, nine. Yeah. Yeah. And if you don't look how things are going, you can't change it tomorrow, you know? No, no, it's that. It's laying in about for a little while. So, you know, there's a lot of methods to all those. For that reason, alone, it's just a soap in and out. Anyway, Scott, guess what? It was good. Yeah, we had a few, few questions. I closed the window, though. Don't ask me why did that take me just a minute to get back there. I had it all prepped up and everything. And then I was like, oh, you know what, why don't I close this window just to kind of keep you up? What's your take on all those? What do you think to ask that? You know, I'm with you. I'd say for the most part, man, I totally agree. I generally keep and I could see, I could see something like anovar for the route six weeks, eight weeks out. Ten to me would be like that outside max, but it also depends on what else we were doing. You know, if, if say you had somebody who was fairly inexperienced and they were going to use tested one of their compound, then I could see adding that oral in earlier versus generally, I wait toward the end. I would say like four weeks out with windstroll, something along those lines, I would say maybe two weeks out, three weeks out, or even ten days out with halo, you know, depending depending on the case. And, but I could see that changing, though. Like windstroll, maybe we don't have another DHT in there, then maybe we added it six weeks out. You know, something along those lines, but I'd say I'm pretty much across the board exactly with where you're at on that. I experimented with superdraw for a couple seasons. Oh, yes. Oh, mate. How can I forget superdraw? I'm superdraw. Superdraw. You know what? Good superdraw. That shit will drive a lot of fullness. Yeah. He will. It will. And listen, I don't care what anyone says. I personally, when I had some real superdraw, and I had it before a show, it was actually the night before one of Procard, the difference in my look, the fullness was ridiculous, ridiculous, crazy. Yeah. I could have forget about that. But it's not really a compound that would use on a regular basis. However, I do know a lot of the top guys that you superdraw that quite fall out pre-work. How you know? It's been, it's gotten more popular in the last couple years, too. It kind of went away, and I think it's back. People will compare it to, I think, a lot of times, a replacement for aerodraw. And you made a really good point, you know, you get to a certain point where you get so freaking hard that there's no sense in using something that's going to get you harder, but maybe you could use a little bit more fullness, or the other way around, you know, maybe you're a guy who could use that more hardness, and that's where something like a windstroll or windstroll and halo might come in. And I have no problem using windstroll and halo together. Obviously, it's all about dose, too, you know? I definitely don't. As long as low doses, I mean, listen, they both have different properties. With halo, I definitely think save it for the last little bit. As a champion talk, because for me, halo, I do find halo has a lot of negative size when it costs the mental aspect with a lot of athletes. I have had a lot of people get really, really down using it. Yeah, dude, I won't tell the story again, but my first time taking halo, this is the cliff snowed version of it. I was with my girlfriend after work, and I had like two meals left, and we're going to drive across other side of Detroit. So this is like an hour away through Detroit, now into the suburbs. She had the directions. We printed them off from Map Quest. This is how long ago this was. We're supposed to be there in 45 minutes. She's going to pose with this lady. I'm going to work out at this gym. So I'm going to take my halo right now, get in the past, your seat, just relax, and then you're conditioning for the next 45 minutes. And then train, we got lost. Should we stand in the air? Oh, turn out what it was. It was the worst, man. It was it was the first time I took it on that particular prep. So probably we just in practice of self-control of it, how about that day? Yeah, I did not succeed. So here's our questions. Charles has one for us. He says, guys, do you believe the popularity of push pull legs has caused smaller arms syndrome? Everyone prioritized compound movements and they leave the arms to the wayside from where I see. I think potentially if someone is programming push pull legs poorly, then yes, it can. If someone is also executing push pull legs poorly, yes, it can. The problem is push pull legs is that they are long demanding sessions. If someone loses focus towards the end of the session and loses that intensity and treats the isolation exercise towards the end, with generally will be the arm work like and after for and do not attack it with intent and the same intensity as they did the compound work. Guess what? Your arms are not going to respond because you're not training on as hard. So yes, push pull legs can cause that, but you have to remember that it's not just the split that can cause these issues. It's how you execute the split and how you design that split. Also push pull legs isn't just push pull legs. It could be variation of it that can actually have a lot of merit when it comes to bringing up your arms because you get to train them more frequently which can give you more opportunity to improve them. So I definitely agree with that. It's more so how you apply yourself and how you structure the push pull legs. Unfortunately, if some of the guys are not really that first in programming, the probably aren't going to give you a split that's going to take all these boxes. But then again, it can come down to you after the execution of it. Yeah, I've got two things on that. One being that so and keep in mind because I think sometimes you see less overall arm volume say on a push day and compared to what you're doing with chest and maybe with shoulders and my thought is any compound chest movement you're doing, you're hitting your triceps. Any compound shoulder movement you're doing, you're hitting your triceps and then you're directly hitting your triceps. So there is that and my other thought is that if you let's say that your arms you do have small arms. You come out of it. We you know, 16 weeks later your chest is bigger. Your back is bigger and your legs are bigger but your arms aren't. We're going to have a lot easier time bringing your arms up than bringing up a back. That's for sure. So we're bringing it up some legs. So I'll take small arms in a big back, you know. You should know what I actually say to a lot of people often is you won't lose a show based of your arms size. You will lose a show based of lack of overall size. So focus on getting big and guess what? When you get big you probably will have a big arm. Yeah, they're going to they're going to come along for the ride. No, all right, we got a couple more here. Long time listener. Oh, yeah, this is to me, I guess. He says long time listener. We all know that you love injectable debolskat. I'd love to hear your opinion on injectable versus oral. What would you compare injectable debol too? Psycholink, thank you. So Kuba, I don't know if we've talked about this before, man. I love hate relationship with injectable debolskat. First of all, it doesn't hit my digestive system. So it doesn't kill my appetite. Second of all, I get the Instagram, greatification of getting an incredible freaking workout 30 minutes after I took it. But at the same time, there's some pretty nasty super solvents in there. And it still is an oral compound. So I don't want to be spending my life on that. So that's my take, man. I'm a fan, though, I love debolskat across the board. And if I could, I'd run that'd be like all my cycles. I just keep running debol all the time. But I can't do that. I mean, back in the day, the first few cycles that I did, I definitely did debol, but ever since I definitely had them, I think last time I tried it was many, many years ago now. I probably was, must have been like 2,000 and 15, maybe. Okay. And you know, it definitely wasn't the best for the old appetite. So I'm not a fan personally, because if you can't eat, you won't grow. And you can only eat what you can digest. If you're digest your shot, appetite shot, guess what? You ain't growing my friend. Yeah. And even the injectable catches up with me. Maybe not quite as quick as the oral will, but eventually it catches up. But it's a hell of a ride for about seven days. All right. So we had one more here. He says, a question, when you are writing a diet, what are some of the things that you look for? Things that you would like to see in the diet? I'm talking about different food sources, macros, etc. Just general things that you look for. Right. The basics, four different protein sources at least, which is extremely easy to hit, four different carbohydrates sources. Again, extremely easy to hit, four different fruits and veggies. Now, when you think about it, it could literally be chicken, way, eggs, beef. Right. Easy. Super simple. Rice, potatoes, fruits, pasta. Awesome. Easy. Oh, it's super easy. Right. You can even make it five. Like generally, I make it four just for the ease of it. Right. Anyway, because of fruit, you can even get a bag of mixed berries that has got like five different berries in it. But generally strawberry blueberry apple banana. Right. How easy is that? Now, guess what? If you structure diet based of a little bit variety, making sure that each meal is a balanced meal of good quality protein, quality carb, fruit, a little bit of edge quality fat source. And again, I did want to mention four fat sources as well, which would be avocado, olive oil, any nooks, and potentially even with fat source. Well, the people like the most. I usually do, let's see, not variation or not. And then, some, a fire, a fire, a fire, a fire, a fire, a fire, a fire, a fire, a fire, oh, yeah, that's great. 100%. So, when you think about it, it's extremely easy to get it really nailed. And it's extremely easy to achieve a lot of nutritional variety, which then, guess what? If you have a decent amount of variety in your food, you will be able to not only hit your micronutrient goals, which is your protein carbs and fats, but also your micronutrient needs in a fiber and in your fatmen's and minerals coming from actual food sources. Yeah. So, for me, the basics would be nutritional variety and focus on getting an adequate amount of fiber, again, not too much, not too little. I think a lot of people push for too much fiber, which then can cause issues in itself. And making sure that you at least try to make an effort to meet a lot of your micronutrient goals from your food. I personally use coronameter and the way I structure the clients diet, for example, I know what I'm giving them is going to pretty much meet that micronutrient needs because I do track through coronameter. So, I roughly know how much veg and how much fruit they need and what sort of structure would the diet they need to be able to meet that. That's great. That's great. And it's not so low in the lazy on the part of the client and making sure that you know, because here's the other side of things. It's like, you know, I'm got to prep for all these chicken meals or all these meat meals. It'd be easier to just use, you know, a bunch of chicken breast and just call it good from there. You do pay for that in multiple ways down the road. The number one way that I think I've seen it is just in getting burnt out. You know, eight weeks later, 10 weeks later, it's like I can't eat chicken anymore. You know, two, you know, three, three, four, five months. I'm so sick of avocado because it's the only fat source that I've been using, you know, and you don't want to reach that spot. Yeah, I've completely agree. And you know what? Rotate in nutritional food sources, rotating the different foods. You prevent from actually developing intolerance. Yeah. A lot of people actually develop food intolerances from eating the same foods over and over again with lack of variety in the food. Yeah. Like a fiber. So generally, you see a lot of people that eat a super plain diet where the feet in the hardcore eating fish and rice and they've always got good issues. The reason why I have good issues is because you lack nutritional variety, like your stomach acid is probably dead because you're not actually consuming any foods that will actually improve your gut function. No fiber, no fruit, no veg, you know, it's terrible, terrible way to diet real. And you know what, I cannot think of anything more miserable than just eating, playing chicken and rice. I mean, I love, I love making, you know, fruit, veg mixing it all together, putting it on a pan, taste good and it never feels like I'm actually the dieting. Yeah. You do, you do great with that. You know what I've been into lately, Cuba is? I've got to mallet so that I can tenderize my chicken in all my gut. Oh, I've got to show me that. So good, dude. Because you said me like, yeah, well, I'll send you a video of the technique, but basically I just I'll pound the spices right into the meat and then you've been, I've got one, I've got one, yeah. Yeah, I've got one, yeah. Nice. I said I put it in the pan, man, and it's just, it's so tender. Like, you know, because sometimes chicken, it kind of gets like more fiberist tasting and especially if it's a day old or something, you like, I don't want this anymore, but you can make really good food if put some love into it. It doesn't like, I eat a lot of turkey, but I still like, I prefer turkey. Okay, why are you still doing AFRIEAT? And I always AFRIEAT so it's like, only just cooked, so it's super juicy. So this is like an actual turkey breast not like minced or anything. I haven't cooked, so I do have them like cooked. And I'm going to actually mince my vettison so she makes my burgers that I AFRIEAT. They're unbelievable, honestly, and see you're all fighting them as well. Nice. But with the turkey breast, what I do, once it's cooked, it's still juicy. I don't put a part down, I put it in fridge. Okay. And because you still keep it in a tight, thin and rest, you can then put it apart into the meals. Yeah. So I then put it apart and it's like, almost like pulled turkey, it's nice. Oh, that sounds really good, man. It sounds like things giving to me will have that out of the form of things, you know, leftovers. Yeah. All right, that's all we had on questions, Cuba. It's true, and for me anyway, so all right. Get the show wrapped up when I should go and have a look at the cover. I've got nothing else, man. We covered the diet, SLU, injectable D-Bug. I got, I'm satisfied, you know. So I need to make it. Right, what about? Next one, guys, we are going to cover the best way to actually start, perhaps, or a diet phase. What you should do before, how to transition to it to get the best results and the best effects. So yeah. I love it. That would be good, man. Yes, sir. All right, guys. Appreciate your tuning in. If you haven't subscribed, hit the bell all that stuff, I'll put Cuba's Instagram and as YouTube down below. I'm sure you're already following him, but if you're not guys go over there. And of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. Throw us some Patreon questions. We'll get to those next time and load us up here with questions, too. We've gotten so much good feedback about the show, Cuba. Guys, if you've enjoyed this, then definitely if you're still around and you haven't hit the like button yet, then definitely do that, because it helps us out more than you know. It doesn't cost you anything. Just hit a little button. That's all I got. And if you're still watching it and you made it to the very end, comment massive underneath, comment massive below, which I made it to the very end. Let's get it. We'll know you'll know and there'll be other people that know it, too. That sounds perfect. Yeah.