That's the hand shot. Scabbing Yali, romparlo, like share, subscribe, comment. And of course ring the bell. It's good to go. There you go. The change that's all you need to know. It's just bodybuilding. It's just bodybuilding. We got some questions, Scott. Yes, I grabbed a handful. I also want to say too, if we haven't gotten to one of your questions, if we missed it or something, then please repost it. I had somebody say, am I blocked? I was like, did you do anything that you should be blocked? But I guess I missed this question. I don't know if you can't be blocked. So I don't know what you said. I had a question, you didn't answer it. But I didn't, I don't know what his question was without taking back to hold episodes. So that said, don't take it personal. If we don't get to your questions, we're trying to get to as many as we can. But if we don't get to it, please repost. All right. So we've got one here. They thought this would be fun to start with. Question for all three of you. If you had a theme song that played every time you went out, what would it be? I'm thinking, the theme song of going in the gym. If you had a theme song that played every time you're walking in the gym, like the way wrestlers have you, what would it be? What would be your entry song? Yeah. Wow, let's say I got to say I just think for a second here. I'm from Detroit. So I can do that bomb. Do some like some. You know? What's it? Some kid or rock. Yeah. I like the way you said that. I don't even know what I'm going to do. I didn't either. Really? I used to get whenever I would MC shows, usually like the DJ would ask what song do you want to play before you come out to host the show? Yeah. Now it always say put on a, put on, let's create bot by the Ramones. And they would put on. That's a good one. Yeah, that's a good one. Hey, oh, let's go. Yeah, yeah. It's like a pump you up song too, you know? Oh yeah. Do do do do do do do. Not baseline kicks in. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Yeah, yeah. That's a good one. I can't even think of what mine would be, but I have to just point this out randomly because it just brought this up. I've been watching all the NHL games. Obviously right now with play. And the basketball games and it blows my mind that when you hear the music and the background before they start playing and it's the same shit for when we were kids. Oh yeah. So it was made before I was born on half of it. No one has created a good enough song to be part of like the pump up shit that they play in between. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah, you go to hockey game and you still you're still here and like all the same songs from the 80s and 90s and even 70s. I don't really watch a lot of hockey as it like another one bites the dust that kind of thing, you know, where they're like, you know, that kind of thing. Oh yeah, that would be a DC DC. Yeah. Yeah, a lot of DC. Yeah, that was bells or something. Yeah, pump up. Yeah, pump up. Yeah. Yeah. And then you know, yeah, yeah. Sounds like that stuff. You don't around. Oh, that's a good one. What's up, Joe? Yeah, down. That's going to be blasting on every fucking thing. That's going to be sporting event. Yeah, yeah. It's also like part of your after 10 games in the last week. I was like, a minute. It's the same stuff. So it's like since the early 90s when I started playing, you know what I mean? So it's pretty wild to see. But and there's been great hockey. So Ron, you should really be watching. I said Scott, there were eight teams, obviously, or eight teams playing in the last round, five of those matchups went to seven games. Oh, wow. So holy shit. Yeah, it's fucking amazing. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard. I haven't been watching anything but a little bit of the highlights. The Bruins got beat by the Carolina Hurricane. So I was a little upset about that. Yeah. Game set home team, there you go. Sorry at home. So that's a home team for me now. So when the wings aren't playing, now that is my team for permanent. Like, but of course, when I went to the Kane's game, it was against the wings and I rude for the wings. And we won somehow and we saw. So that was amazing. See, you're a week after that. I forgot. Oh, yeah. That's funny. That's funny that you, I wasn't even putting together the Carolina Hurricane's where your home team now. I think we do the math. That's hilarious. Yeah, like two hours. I mean, they're not. I mean, they're in North Carolina. It was too hours for me. Like we drove that into watch game. Yeah. The Carolina. Yeah, it was awesome. Yeah. We're right there. So, but I, yes, Scott, I am a wings, tried and true for life. Yeah. People take the Detroit Red wings pretty seriously around here. Yeah. It's a kind of like a religion. Yeah. Seriously everywhere. Like what is the game? Even as bad as they are. The eyes of the lady. Half of the crowd of wings fans. That's in Carolina. I was blown away. I was like, oh, yeah. I'm not alone. Like when they score wings, I jumped off and I realized that half of the arena jumped up. I was like, oh, shit. I remember we used to always hear stories when I was a kid about Steve Isherman in about Bob Probert. Do you guys remember him? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That was the man. In fact, I think he got caught with some coke or something across in the investor. We've raised you or something like that. He's a rough dude. Oh, yeah. That was Bob Probert's job was to do cocaine. Yes. He's getting a lot of trouble. Yeah. At the other time for hockey back then, Scott. And federal. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember playing NHL NHL 93 and you'd get federal. I got federal. I've been rising men. I got federal. I got federal. I was super fast and you'd pass to Eisenman. Oh, yeah. One day. I was like, yeah, he was. Good shit. Wait, this is a good one. You were able to begin. Yeah. This is not a question. It's a common. Scott, we need a segment called Dusty's two cents where he rants for two minutes. I kind of feel like that's what all our episodes are. But they're longer than two minutes. Yeah. Yeah. We just have a whole lot of people need that. Yeah. Yeah. I actually try my best not to. And then something will happen. And here we go. But that's how magical the wands. The magic of the rant is that you put effort into pushing it down. Yeah. And then it's the pressure of the rant that pushes it up and out. So it's fully explosive when we get it. Yeah. You ever shake in the can of soda and then pop the top? Yeah. That's all the need it to be like that. It's not a proper idea. New bodybuilders. They are shaking me every day. I'm just. Pop the top. I don't know. You know. I think we got some. We got to we. Yeah. Yeah. Throwing up. We got to fake Brandon. Cover for being on the show. By the way, everyone. I hope you enjoyed the brand. I'm sorry. Obviously we're recording this before you've seen Brandon Curry. So we don't know the feedback. But we hope you guys had a great one. Brandon was just awesome. You just like. Just talked. Yeah. No. We went way farther than you needed to with a couple of questions too. There was a couple of questions you fully went into. I was like, oh, okay. We're going there. Okay. Yeah. He's super. He's super open and just super friendly. And that thing I said about him giving back. It's like he gives back to us doing this podcast. Yeah. Yeah. No. It's all part of bodybuilding. I'm with you guys. Like Dusty, you would said, like the perspective you got. We talked about it off the air that like, you know, watching him, you know, offstage. How he handles himself. He's one of my favorite bodybuilders in the way that he does bodybuilding business for, you know, for that reason. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I'm sure I think people. I would love to hear everyone's full review. If someone who didn't know this side of him. I guess a lot of our listeners probably consume much more than I do. That's the first time I've actually like delved into bodybuilding. Because anytime I've talked to Brandon, it's not about bodybuilding. That's the one thing people don't realize with bodybuilders is when we get together, we don't really talk about bodybuilding almost ever. So. Yeah. The only way we do is if we're on a show and then it's like, oh, that's the topic that people want to know. Yeah. And you got to talk about a certain amount of bodybuilding. But then you want to get like deeper past the actual lifting of weights and eating a food and did like the mental stuff and then then you got to branch out and talk about, you know, Instagram accounts. But it's in hell. It's in hell. All right. What do we got here? Let's see. Iron bore ear. He says question for you guys. What goes through your head in the lead up to a big deadlift squat or any other hard lift in a workout. How long before does the anxiety kick in? What do you think of and how do you overcome it? Yeah. And I still get a bit of anxiety on leg day. And I think that one of my kind of goals is to like make sure that that continues to happen. Do you know what I mean? Like I want to make sure that I'm training at least hard enough and push them myself enough in the gym that have like some anxiety on leg day. Because that's just, you know, I don't know. That's like a marker for me that I'm, you know, at least trying to get the best out of myself. You know, like I don't get anxiety on chest anymore. I don't get, I used to get anxiety on back days sometimes because I'd be like, okay, fuck, I'm rolling the 200 today. I got to be into this, you know. So like that, but you know, leg day anxiety is like something I'm kind of like a proud of. Like I take a bit of pride and make sure that I have some. So I especially get it when we start with hacksquats because that's kind of been our exercise that we're using as like. The real marker for my partner's strength, you know, kind of as real progressive lift has been the hacksquat. So I've trying to stay in there with them, right? Like I'm trying to like keep my, you know, my minimum sort of reps and make sure I get it. And then make sure I keep a certain standard to my hacksquatting. So that's been like a driver. And I know like one thing that I always did was I just take a little walk. You know, like before the big set, but my headphones on pull my hat down a little bit farther maybe and just take a little walk. And just, you know, my, my music is a huge driver. So I'm literally listening to like the power of the music like the electric guitars and the drums hitting. And I'm like listening to it. And it's a real motivator for me, but I'm also thinking like. I've done this before. So it's just a set. Like it's all in my head. This is going to be hard. Like all I have to do is just flip a switch. They just flip the fucking switch, you know, just breathe and push. That's all you have to do. You know exactly what you're doing. And I'll just give myself a little rehearsal like that, you know, and, you know, the set still turns out pretty good when you do that. You know, like I remember just a couple weeks ago, I had to do a little bit of a walk before my set and I came back and I smoked it. And I was like, even even braiding with me is like, it was like, was that 10? I think you got like nine or eight last time. I think you even went up a rep, you know. And so it's got to have that little chat with yourself, man. Sometimes. I had fun at you said the little, little walk. Because I literally do the same thing. Like obviously you're sitting or whatever right by the bar. Or do you sit a lot more? Yeah. And you, I sit the entire time. Then you, I do I always walk away to a further mirror to put my belt on. It's like I just walked away with my belt on like, and same thing. I mean, all I ever say to myself is do what you do. Because I, yeah, do what you do. I don't, I don't really think, and this is going to sound funny, but, uh, and this is going to tie in the story he asked for. When I was first getting into deadlifting, six plates was like my nemesis. I couldn't get it. I would go in every week, pole, mess, pole, mess. My training partner actually got a halfway up once and missed. And that was a trigger for me because I'm like, well, now he's done better than me. And be how the fuck do you get a halfway enough? Finish it. That's weird. Um, so the very next week, I got one rep. But it was like the four minute mile. Uh, as soon as I got that one rep, the next week I got four reps. And it was like, okay, right. And since then, there's never been a way to put on the bar. Um, that I didn't pull. I've just always known what it fits on the bar. I'm like, this is happening today. Um, now granted the other thing is I don't shoot for one rep anymore. So it's more like, can I get eight? Can I get ten? Um, and, and that's to me. It's, I truly believe as long as you're not being ridiculous and saying, oh, so I'm going to walk in and do 900 pounds. As long as you're not ridiculous, I really do think the majority of it is mental. If you decide you're doing it and you truly have made that decision, it goes. It just does every time. Yeah. Yeah. I robot reps is one thing I say in my head. And it, and the reason I like, like, like that phrases to me, it like, it captures a lot of things. Every reps I dente call. Mm-hmm. Right? The speed of every rep is identical. The mechanics of every rep is identical. There's no fatigue visible from rep to rep. They just continue to just, you know what I mean? It just like, it's just, I don't know. I was always like, I don't know where I got that from, but it was like a trigger thing for me. Yeah. And it makes sense. I've used that now. Since you said that, you've talked about that before. I've actually used that in my own training, and I've told other people. And I think that sometimes earlier in our training, one of the first things we need to really figure out is, you know, how to control the weight. You know, you see people where it's like, one rep is fast, and then one rep is slow, but being able to keep that consistency. And I've used that term. I've been like, you think of a robot, the way a robot would just be the exact same every time. You know, whatever tempo you set it to, if it's a pause at the bottom for a second or not or whatever, like it would just be identical. Yeah, you know. Well, all right. Okay. Good. So this was related to the last episode. We're talking about dusty things that he, you had your list of things you would not do. In insulin was one of them that you did. Oh, yeah. I thought you just getting sexy. All right. I've been doing this for a week. Okay. It's a for the items on it. So I'm not going to push you. I'm not going to push you for all of them. All right. But what was one thing that you said you would not do, what also is on that list of things, if you can remember. It's, it's funny because I mean, I actually saw that. And I was like, insulin was the big thing I would not do. So the one thing that that I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say I never said wouldn't do it, but I've just never drawn a lot of attention to it is. I definitely am a proponent of sight injections. Not SEOs, but sight injections. I don't think that most people understand that if you've ever seen someone, for example, that's a big old lump on their glute. Because they keep hitting the same fucking spot like a moron. And it becomes a blemish. Or a lot of times, guys, in the middle doubt, because they just comfortably hit it all the time, you'll see like that has a spot to it. So one thing I'm a huge proponent to is putting your shots and places on purpose. So if you're going to hit your doubt, hit your middle doubt, then hit your rear doubt, don't go too far the front because it's dangerous. But same thing with arms, like a lot of people, they're always hammering me about triceps. I've been hitting my triceps consistently for years, but I go up and down the triceps. There's about five different spots in the back head. I hit three in the front and I do look at my arm when I take shots and go, hey, like at this point I really should now say I don't do that anymore because their cartoonish compared to my shoulders. So now everything's in the delts. But before getting sick, that was part of the process. I'm taking this shit anyways. Where am I going to put it? I think a lot of people just blindly take shots. I've also always thought the glutes is the dumbest spot. Hey, you don't want to blur your glutes. Be either fucking behind you or so. How's that makes sense? It's not easy. I never understood how that was the first spot. You guys ever think about that? Oh, put it in your glute. I'm like, y'all ever tried to, I mean, why do you ask this difficult enough? I don't need to do it with a fucking two inch syringe. She says, why is this getting enough of this? See, we got the rent. We did. We did. Always get the rent. That's one of the things. And I'm sure someone's thinking of the triceps. Not really easy either. It actually is. It's not that complicated. Just go use your countertop to pull your elbow forward. You're good to go. I do it by myself. No problem. So that's not what I said. I wouldn't do. But I think it's something that most people don't talk about that. I think it's funny. Same thing with SEL is when people are like, oh, would you ever do that? It's like, if I could do it correctly, I knew it wouldn't fucking up. Why not? We have rules now with bodybuilding. That's interesting. I'll take everything. But God forbid, I would do that. Yeah. It's like the problem is the downside with some of them that I've heard is some of the dangers. Of watching people who have used a ton of them and seeing some of their health problems. Yeah. Yeah. Knowing for sure, if they were related, you're not saying they are, but I don't know if they're not. Well, you know, so I have said, I think I have said, I think. I have said that I think sight enhancement, oil, like all the synth all and whatever the names were. I think that there's, I think the terrible food kidneys. Everything has to go through your kidneys, but when you use a steroid, you're using like the type of, you know, the type of oils and, you know, great seed oils and stuff that they medically use for stuff. And it's because it's easy to metabolize. But you know, the synth all and stuff. I've never had corners telling me. You still wouldn't go in the gym, you know, had corners. It's like, yeah, everybody. I've never had him telling me when not when master died. He's like, yeah, synth all the guys that took the synth all are all going to lose their kidneys. I remember you told me that. So that was just interesting because he was there for the 90s, right? You know, because yeah, so so, but, um, Hmm, mine was always DNP. Yeah. That list. Yeah. I never took DNP. I thought it was crazy. But that was something you didn't do any of the dry. Yeah. So that was on my mind. Yeah. Yeah. These were things you said you wouldn't do and ended up doing. Um, so yeah. We know, I was the same with the MP plus I didn't see the point. It's not hard to get in shape. Like, I should say everyone is, it's not difficult to get in shape. It's hard. Well, there's a bit of a disability tell me how terrible they felt on it. Yeah. It's a terrible, it can hardly train. And I'm like, well, if you can hardly train this, sounds like no fun at all. Because the training is the best part. So we're going to take that. Question is because if you make the training no fun, then I quit. Yeah. What do we do with it? That makes total possible. I remember back in the day is like, your cardio is supposed to be like not exist and also you lose muscle. I'm like, and you'd be rolling the dice in sandwich. Which don't hope that you would maintain muscle no longer enjoy training. But getting shape. It's like, what could've gotten shape anyway? It's a fucking point. Yeah. I just said I never did it. So we've got two pros and one guy who's not a pro and the one guy who's not a pro did do DNP. So what does it say about how much you need it? That was so, so here. Share your experience. Did you feel like dog shit? We had talked about this a long time ago, but I re-enimbered. Yeah, I ran it twice. It's probably a lot of people they hadn't heard. But the first time I ran it, I think I was like week five, four and three into a contest. And it was like middle August. And I was working for the pop company. So I'm like in the back of like, you know, we're houses and stuff. Just like covered and sweat anyway. And then you know, I'm on T3 and I'm taking the NP and I'm just in like eating no carbs now and it's like dying. It was bad. It was, it was bad, but not the worst I've ever felt honestly. And I think it's because I didn't run a lot of it. And then the second time I ran it in both times were really just because it was like, I just want to know. Like I want to know, I want to understand it. And you know what it was. I've got all those in my life. Yeah. I'm TMP, but yeah. A lot of like, I don't know. Let's try that. Right now related to bodybuilding. Right. Yeah. And the second time I ran it was early, like really early, like week 17, 16, 15. And the idea then was to try to get a big chunk of movement early. So you kind of like jump ahead. But the reality was I already was on a good diet. I was progressively losing fat. And then when I took the DMP, I dropped 10 pounds. But then it was like, well, what do I need to do with my diet? No, my body was responding differently. And it took me like another two weeks to actually get back into a groove. So I don't think I really made the progress I wanted. Plus I took something that can destroy my to conjure. So yeah, it wasn't a good move probably. You know what I mean? I'll totally. You know, it's fine. I guess I'm not in Mixie more, but is DMP even some people still talk about it or no? I remember those, I guess. I don't know where is it crazy. I don't think it's as crazy as it was. But it's still out there. And it's usually the lower lower level competitors. I think that assume like you had to be on it to get that lean. You know, I've had some people tell me that certain coaches put everybody they have on DMP and I've seen emails. I've seen it to DMP, they can the protocol and I'm just like, crazy. Man, that's wild. Okay. I'm going to get it. What's next? Another diet question here. So question the next episode. Does anyone else have an issue with excessive pooping during the off season? When I'm dieting, I go maybe four or five times a day. And that's not a big deal. But when I'm pushing food for growth, I'm on the toilet 10 to 12 times a day, no diarrhea. Just lots of healthy looking poop. That's, he says I spend hours in the bathroom and he's getting to work late and daily life. I could imagine. So he says, I love to show all clean food about 4,500 calories. That's a lot of poops. Yeah, I said a real name on that. Kevin, is that a troll name? Kevin Ramsey? Kevin from home alone? Kevin's last name at home alone. I don't know. So the only reason they say that is because like 4,500 calories. I don't know if that's enough food to make 10 poops. That's why I'm going to ask you a little bit about what's really low. I was saying the same thing. I'm like, that's not a lot of calories. I was like, I was like, we're all the time. I think the whole time poop is growing crap was pretty impressive. That's what it is. It's a good day for off season. That's like, you know, yeah, you think solid for lot of soups. Yeah, well, how much volume though, like maybe every poop is just like two little golf balls. And he's going 10 times a day. But, but, but, but maybe he's sitting on the toilet long. He's laying little, laying little poop eggs. Yeah, maybe he just keeps rushing it and he gets up and then five minutes later he's like, Oh, go go shit again and it's actually not two separate shits. It should have been one shit. Take your time. My dog does that with me. He's just three times. I'm like, you can't even do that in one. Oh, yeah. He has spread his shit there with your leg up. Mark your tears. Hold it. Hold it. It helps him to keep his teeth in like, using dude wipes. I mean, you're definitely not using paper for this. That would be. You're a trash. It's a lot of life. And how often is he showering? Because like, that's like, that's like, I think it's getting your assholes fucking destroyed. If you take a tashets, if you take a tashets, your assholes like, oh, wow. Just imagine like, no way. There's this imagine day 30 of that. You're like, yeah, it's like 300 shits. But then, you know, yeah, there's no time to rim. No time for rimming when you take attention. No, there's no way. There's one on its way. Right now. There's no space. There's a turtle had popping out every five minutes. Jesus. No, you're not doing it. You're not doing it. The sex life's so much. You're going to do it so much with the sex life. You should quit bodybuilding is the moral of this story. It's just not worth it. It's not worth it. Yeah. Because the reduction in rimming is just too much to sacrifice. For sure. For sure. Wow. We saved you. All right. Yeah. Carl's got one. He says, uh, they just certain way you need to live a minimum standard. That's all I'm saying. He's not wrong. He's not wrong. Okay. That's what we have to limit. Delemy is that an acceptable source of protein or is the quality far worse than beef chicken and basically whole foods. So I have an interesting fact about myself. Perfect. I have never ever really eaten Delemy in my life. Really? No one. No interest. I know they're holding Canada. They do have it there. Yeah. I don't know. I can't even remember like if I ever went to the Delemy and buy meat. Huh. No, but like can you ever like a sub sandwich or a subway? You have it never with Delemy. It'll be like roast chicken or meatball. It's like that. No kidding. I just never appealed to me. And it's like it's called meat. Because it's always served cold, right? I'm just no interest. Yeah. Okay. See, and I thought like everybody would run through the baking thing. They hated on. They had like cooked nuts. Double burn. I don't do the roasted beef. I do the roasted beef. The angus steak. Yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. Nice. Okay. I'm going to do this. I don't really know much about Delemy. What are they? They just a lot of it's like smoked. Like then a lot of that Delemy. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I think it's, I mean, the thing is it's still cooked meat that they slice. Yeah. So like if you go to a quality place that it's literally a turkey that they're slicing up. The only question mark I would have had. Yeah. So I've been on the road a few times. I've been on the road a few times. Yeah. And I like stopped and bought turkey sliced turkey. Yeah. I've done that. I guess. But I've been sort of thinking of like, you know, all the other ones that I just like ham. Like ham, alony stuff like not a ham guy. Yeah. I hate ham. Yeah. Or alony stuff. You did your ham rant at Christmas, Ron. Oh, yeah. I'm just going to feel about it. Yeah. We know how you feel about ham. Yeah. You had a follow up on the question. He said, if you had access to the emergency notification system, it could send one text to the entire nation. What would it say? Stop wearing a cross. Sorry. Sorry. It was too fast. I had people messaging me about that and Foot Locker had this thing. Somebody sent me like it was like, you know, sporty Friday or something. It was like a picture of cracks. Yeah. That's pretty sorry. Sorry. This is this is one of the most interesting things. This is one of the most interesting things. This is one of the most interesting things. This is one of the most interesting things. This is one of the most interesting things. The election was stolen. Yes. New hip hop does suck. Thank you. Yeah. Everybody gets the message. This is interesting. We're talking about that. Told you. I got trapped in a car for two miles. I almost didn't make it. Fucking terrible. That's a great question. But we'd never really answered. So my answer to the other question is why? Like, oh, we'd be really expensive. To eat deli meat. Yeah. And it's not complicated. I think people really have a lot of, I'm going to say, guys, but people over Completely. It's so easy to make food now. I literally use an instant pot. You can drop four fucking chicken breasts in there with a drip of water and a couple of seasonings and go take your shower and come down stairs and stuff. Like, so the thought that I think a lot of people like, I always hear people, oh, you know, you should be well, meal prep sunday. I'm like, fuck are you doing all day? It takes an hour. Yeah. You're going to have another rant. I just put the pot. I cook a pot of rice twice a week. And it takes me like 10 minutes to make my breakfast total from start to finish. Yeah. It's the longest thing because you're making the breakfast fresh every time. But yeah. So I do think that a lot of people would say if they're worried about processing stuff, but the end of the day if you're buying turkey and chicken, I guess I guess it's the same. You know, yeah. So it's just if you want to pay for some of the sliced up for you. And I can't imagine what amount of meat is 10 ounces of sliced belly turkey. Oh, the amount of thin sliced turkey, be like a huge pile. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Be nuts. So a lot of sodium too. Like you're going to get, I think a lot of salt preservatives, depending especially on the brand. Like, yeah. Maybe nitrates. Things you don't want in your body too, depending on the brand. Like you smoked and stuffed. Well, though, no, though, you use like the potassium, the sodium nitrate and stuff, the preservatives, to keep it good. Right. And so it's got a ton of salt in it. And just stuff that's not good for your body. There are like organic meat, you know, sliced belly meats and stuff. But I mean, you're talking a lot of money then, too. So. And I eat 12, 15 bucks a pound, right? Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Did you have anything dusty? And then that other question, the emergency notifications and emergency messages. Just the crock. Just the crock. So I'm going to pop. Okay. And hockey was better in the 90s. Everybody gets that message at once. hockey was better in the 90s. hockey is better. Emergency. Emergency message. Yeah. All right. Yeah. So this was on. Excuse me. It was on. Bloods what and gear as well. But we didn't get runs take on it. Tips for peaking consecutive weekends. Doing three shows in three different countries. Men's physique. Well, first of all, if you have to do three shows through three weekends in a row and three different countries. You better have. You better be in great condition because you need to be. Absolutely top world class condition in order to look good three weekends in a row with travel and everything. Because the secret is to not have to change fucking hardly anything at all. That's the secret. So you basically have to look stage ready to get not a bed like, you know, now like really fucking good like in same where you're training partners and your friends see you and they're like, do you know what you're going to have to drop water? Like, you don't have to fucking like when people start saying you don't have to do anything like that's how good you have to look. Just to minimize the chance of fucking you know missed flights or whatever bullshit might come your way. You have to prepare to have, you know, things not go perfectly and you also have to plan your trip really really well. Make sure your flights are good times. Make sure you get in nice and early to the hotel. Blabble, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know organized people do do well in those situations. So it's not all about like dioretics and and everything. It's about being in crazy shape and being very organized. That's something people don't think about. They look for some magic carbs schedule. But the best thing is to just fucking be in shape and be prepared. Okay. Think we got one. How is that? Nothing for gusty. Dusty. Dusty entered it. Pretty much the same. The only thing that I said was I said I would skip the second show and I would just nail to them. But you know assuming he didn't have to do them. Right, right, right. Because I guess I have wallets and it's easy. But actually I do think that I did say that same thing is when you are sliced out of your head and actually Scott I'm going to send you an example of quicksage around the subject. You can throw up there. It's putting your phone. I think people don't realize how important it is to be like Ron said peeled. Yeah. So now picture I just sent Scott. This was like two weeks out from a show at 10 p.m. at night probably two gallons of water deep and that is there's no lighting. They just changed the thing like we didn't have lights in the gym just the gym light. So when you look like that you can just kind of wake up and go. Yeah. I think a lot of people really put the higher here. I'll have a lot of time. Oh, I've got X amount of water in me. I'm like, if you're peeled it doesn't fucking matter. Yeah. You don't need a bunch of dioratics or anything like that. I just don't think most people will take their conditioning far enough to begin with. You know, so like Ron said if you're sliced out of your head you wake up. You go to the show. Maybe you don't drink as much tonight before. And you do it again the next week. You know, because the bigger the swing you take coming in for the show the bigger the rebound is back up before you have to do it again the following weekend. So I really had an end to add even though we did it. Ron just because you nailed exactly what I would say. Okay. All right. I got one more here. So by the way guys, we're kind of got like a little bit of an abbreviated show here, but we we also had a breeding curry on the last one. So that makes up for it right? Because we've been people tell us they're like, you know, we're doing two shows and they're like the only thing that I don't like about this is that the show is shorter. Is that but so shorter, but you know what? You're getting to so you get more we're actually more per week. You know what I mean? So there is right. All right. And not everybody says that we just had to come to change the church maybe. Yeah. All right. All right. Thank you. Johnson. Johnson. Right there. Yes. Says a got a question for the next show or any future show that you think it would apply can untreated sleep apnea make it much harder to get dialed in for kind of test shape. Hmm. He says he does have a CPAP machine and you can actually sleep again. Yeah. What about reverse negative metabolic? It says can can a CPAP machine. See, PET machine. So I can actually sleep again and reverse negative metabolic effect. It's waiting on it. I see. Yeah. Oh, yes. Yeah. For sure. I mean, I never went. You got a check. I did. Sorry. Yeah. I wonder if I should have got checked especially when I was really heavy. But I was felt like I slept pretty good. I don't know. I like I never felt like I had a problem and, you know, especially now being lighter. I mean, I don't even think I snorke anymore really at all. So, but I, I theoretically. Yeah. I mean, fuck sleep quality and that's the people who wake up a hundred times a night. I mean, that's just gotta be like brutal. I feel. I did that. But I didn't know I woke up. Like I know I knew I woke up like two or three times maybe at most. But then when I got tested, they're like, oh, no, you woke up 350 times. So it's like, oh. So yeah. Yeah. So, and the thing that people don't realize too, you know, you did not sleep at all. Right. Right. And the thing that people don't realize as well with that is that if you're not, uh, if you're not breathing in your heart has to beat faster to carry oxygen to your brain, meaning that your heart doesn't get a chance to ever slow down. So you're basically doing like slow steady state in your sleep. And you, you can't get leaner from that. I think I do, but I don't think it's good for your longevity. I do. I think it helps me. I think it might just do it. I do believe that there might be a connection. I do. I do, but I, I don't know. It's, it's my bro science for the day. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's all I got, guys. That's how you got. Yep. That's to just what friends you owe me. Yeah. And it does these connection is, uh, wavering on us. Okay. So everyone came, we got a, we have 97 devices now. Oh, okay. That's the thing. What's the deal? Give us a rundown dusty. You are throwing axes with the ladies and stuff like that. How many times a week do you have, you know, go out and have fun, mate? Oh, every at least twice a week. Nice. Is this the thing? Um, the axe throwing. This was. No, I'm just slow. See how slow the delay is. He's got a little delay. He's got a little delay. He's got a little delay. It's fucking the apps got. I don't need to. You just got to let him be quiet and he'll talk. He'll do his thing. He'll watch. Just watch. When, when I, when I finished this sentence, I'm going to say, done, but anyways, no, so we, I went axe throwing for the third time this week and the guy actually walked up to me at the end and said, hey, I've been watching you through. We have a league and I kind of high five myself when I kind of felt like a loser. Okay, I'm done. Why? Why would you feel like a loser? It's a good skill to have. You never know. You know what? I bet the guy, I bet the guy has a, the guy has a, there's a league, but it's all a bunch of guys that are like ready for the apocalypse. Yeah. There are fucking axe throwing zombie killers. And that's he's going to go meet a bunch of like minded individuals. Yeah. That's what I think. Good people. It was just interesting. I had to ask. I had to ask. You know, you and your squad there got quite the look showing up to throw access. You know. Okay. Well, well, well, let everybody go. Remember to like share, subscribe, comment. We got away for the delay. Wow, that's a thing about me. Wow, that fucking delay is the worst, isn't it? See, I'm wondering if this is that was his, his delay. It was like seven seconds. Okay. This is long. Okay. Thanks everybody. We appreciate it. And we'll see you soon. And remember, it's just bodybuilding.