I remember this era everyone was going over to oxygen and we thought there was like some magic happening like oh yeah What's going on over there you know mysteries see someone with an oxygen tank like that Be like oh my god if you've been there. Wow. You found the secrets Yeah, it was you and I love you and you ain't but bodybuild any food. Yeah, so that's why I got a handle I got a handle volume of what oh Go there right now Have just right about it as as they say dusty a tolerance for high volume Yeah, you need a holiday to tolerance for high volume Everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding reacts We got a reaction video for you today dusty handshaw the producers coming now. I myself big round part low Remember to like share subscribe comment and ring the bell ring the bell. I am mutant dot com born hardcore Good eye mute dot com get your all in get your ISO surge and everyone should get on the gear dusty 20 big round 20 Dennis wolf getting ready for the 2014 Mr. Olympia That's the reaction video we have for you here. Chess workout from battle for the oh yes, so we have some more Okay We're five days out of this only 2014 It's gonna be the next four days gonna be just the last workout So it's not the usual workout. What I always do and so a bit different just you know Maybe We're gonna use right away to do some you know some different sets some Maybe couple more sets Maybe drop sets. I don't know how I feel and just just going with the You know, who my feelings and how about you? reject you know Yeah, we're gonna eat chess today chess Gals couple sets There's a warm-up you know, the less the less week is always different so you do well The face is died it down. Yeah, it really is I'm gonna jump over here a little bit to the back work. Okay. You got some calves and then it looks like we don't even see Dennis too calf so you're like watching me do Didn't work You got the shirt I remember this is four days a day yeah, I remember when he first came out like when he first got big And he was hitting the magazine covers. I felt like oh man this there's gonna be like kind of head like the same haircut as Jay You know what I mean they had the black hair kind of hit it slick back and I was like oh, that's gonna be like the next guy You know what I mean Yeah, I remember when I first saw Dennis here just turned pro and there was like a photo is of him in a magazine or something Yeah, they were like you know because he won the world championships didn't he isn't that we got his pro card? I Think anyways anyways, but I can't remember how he got it, but I remember seeing photos up and I was like oh damn Because like you know the back the V-taper in the in the back shots and stuff was just like absurd and no Yeah, any ad huge Watch it a young age, you know, yeah, so it's funny I always found him to be just the few times the same like the Arnold was probably my first time seeing him and just that front relaxed The shoulder waves quad so we've been the tiny ways was just like The next world yeah, I think he was 2005 world championships was the first place Procurs I think I think he was the biggest looking guest poseer I ever saw because I saw him guess pose like Put him in like a month and a half after the oh yeah, so he was just like ballooned just ballooned to like cartoonish levels I was just couldn't I was what the hell am I looking at you know Still so lean you know, but so he mungessing Yeah, there's blood Boudge yeah, blown a huge post Olympia and I remember him being at the 20 15 Fibo because he was the current Arnold champion right so he won the Arnold in 2014 and Then oh no with 2014 Fibo he'd won the Arnold like a month before yeah That's such a hit at Fibo with the European Huge line that German audience yeah, his line was massive yeah because he was a current champ Arnold champ yeah I remember talking to him And I made a joke about how it takes a month for all the pretend to wash off guys Guys, you've got to put so much on you you could must stay Kim for Canadian just by looking at his skin There's no question you know to hear him talk, you know So did you not tan for shows then, Ron? a little bit but The last while I I actually had like a a bit of a skin cancer in 2013 removed okay, they told me that I shouldn't tan they just don't don't tan so I I didn't really tan that much Because they didn't really do much for me. I felt like it was almost a like a waste of my time Yeah, and I just used a lot of proton man Like I was like wrong go from white to red back to white Just like the skeleton melanin melanin changed that for me. I think yeah real dark color, you know I took I took a couple shots of melanotan back in the day when those peptides first came out Yeah, and then my all my freckles turned like really dark dark Oh yeah, yeah, so I stopped because then You know, that's not good. Yeah, so So he's gone pretty light he went like what two two and a half plates on that on his main set of incline there Yep, so he I can imagine that probably was still like he probably still feels like you know Pretty tired at this point. Yeah, he's just messing around just pumping weights Yeah, this is definitely a last minute decision because he's just putting blood in him I mean this is essentially his pump up workouts before going we all know how that feels just Squeezing a little bit and then getting out of there I just try to get these workouts done in like 20 minutes. Oh, yeah, as always my goal in the last week like 23 months be out of here Yeah, get some blood move on Yeah, they never make for the best Training videos because you don't get to see what guys actually do you know But they look their best Yeah, really really the mature videos was always about Okay, let's get to the part where we see how wacky this person looks. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you know, does he pose in this at all? I think he does because the thumbnail had his shirt off so he looked freaking nutty as would be Expanding for this period of time right? 40s out There we go. Okay Does he take that shirt off? Let's see if he gets it up a very often Really trying to rush to the edge listen I am trying to push it guy. We're already we're getting three quarters of the way through and he still hasn't he still got it on so he's See getting through the flies here. It's gonna be one of those Dorian segments Yeah, we're Dorian then 96 battle for the Olympia and he just trained didn't talk to the camera and then he walks into Steve's office and closes a door in the camera space And that's the Dorian segment. That's it. Does it pose all you get nothing? So you get you was over to this machine do some more flies now I actually like that machine. I love that machine when I had shorter private emotions I used it as a press instead of a fly and it is the only thing that worked for me And didn't bother my my front like that bicep tendon was really irritating me for a while Right. Yeah, it's good We had that machine at the old powerhouse world headquarters in it was plate loaded the plates were in front of you and then the cables would run behind you just a big contraption of cables and and and You know plate loaded versus they went to the selectorize later like this one I don't think I don't think we're gonna see a shirt off. That's it No way Bro we're gonna talk what's the reason we have them on well if somebody was a lie Just live in the lie or Bruce doing it now. What I see let's see what we can do Let's see if we can find some other Dennis wolf Come live be careful how you search this could be. Yeah, I don't know get rid of me Dennis wolf. Neek him Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Very unusual balls he moved to go like shirtless bodybuilder. It could really go sideways Yeah, there's Dennis James what about this one You got this is 2007 so this was this is seven years before that something like that and That doesn't look anything like okay. He's wise Yeah, especially there we go. All right. Here we go. He's in this. Is this better guys is this better? He's in the sleeve list. Oh this is called a see-in Yeah, I remember that. What's with your last name? I, my first photo shoot was a bedroom. No kidding. So what's what's me those talking about here? Leave that down for a minute. You're a tape. Where in that? Is where in the oxygen tank top? Oh yeah. Still has the hair. Seven. Still has the hair too, Dennis Wolf. Never lost the hair. No, mellow six younger there. Hey. Yeah, damn me. Sure. There he goes. Oh, there's that gym is waste mall. And you think by the way. Oh yeah. Like way, small. I used to think it was like a huge gym. It's nowhere near the size of your gym, right? Not even close. Like half size. Yeah. Yeah. Half. Maybe. Like not even counting if you do the downstairs. Like half of the main gym area is the whole gym. Oh, I thought it was called a C.M because we had mellows in the teal, but it looks like it said, gold's on the wall there. So maybe they're at a different gym. I don't know. No, that's the same gym. OK. It might just be before you swap that over wherever. That's the same gym. Remind the dusty. Where is Colosseum? Yeah. Was it full of chin? I can't remember. Yeah, I think so. I think it was full of chin. Yeah. Full of chin. Where? I don't even remember. It all. California. Yeah. Sorry. That part I thought was the out was the part you already knew. No, I couldn't remember. I couldn't remember. I couldn't remember. Yeah. Yeah. Everything the same. But to my attention. That was he giant setting all this stuff? Yeah, I think he's giant setting up. OK. So he's adding two more exercises to the giant set this time. Yeah. Yeah. I always loved that we had like there's different sections of time where someone came out with this new better way to get big. Yeah. And then you take somebody like a Dennis Wolf who's already huge and they stay huge. And then kids like me back then are like, I should probably start super setting your head. He's like a look like dash teams but wait a minute. No. He already looked like that. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. He didn't look like he was 18 there by the way. He did. Yeah. Yeah. First time was. I remember this era everyone was going over to oxygen and we thought there was like some magic happening. Oh yeah. It was going home over there. You know, mysteries. See someone with an oxygen tank like that. You're like, oh my God, have you been there? Wow. You found the secrets. Yeah. It was your not a lot you only think about bodybuild any food. Yeah. So that's what you got better. You got a handle. Oh, not a lot of you. You got a handle. Law him of what? Oh. Oh. Sorry. I'm going to go there right now. Yeah. Just right about it. As they say dusty, a tolerance for high volume. You need a. You need a tolerance for high volume. You need genetics that can really handle volume. So. Yes. I've done some of these giant set workouts. I've trained with a couple of guys that were on me. It was programs or like, hey, you want to giant set with me. I'm like, sure, let's get right to try. You know. So I've done a few things. And then I've witnessed him train a few guys like for videos. I was on the set when he was trained in man well, Romero back when he was trained with me. Loast some of those put him through a lake workout. Okay. I just remember thinking it was crazy because the order of exercises didn't make sense to me. Mm. So like the fifth the fifth exercise in the in the giant set was lunges. Mm. So you're so like, I mean, I every single rep manual did. I thought he was going to fall over. So there was just this like I was like, oh, this seems high risk. Mm. It's just seems high risk, you know. Yeah. So I think that was a case where, you know, that you run into a people where you get confused between the difference of burning being better. Mm. Right. You know, I got a client that I did it. She posted a video on your tag. I mean, where she was doing leg press start at one plate for ten two plates for ten three plates or ten four plates for ten and she's like, they were burning so bad. And I'm like, I'd rather you just went right to four. Yeah. And did his major 20. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pre-existing with the lighter weight on the same movement. Like, I'd get that it burns, but it's not helping you. I'm just jealous of you can pull the bar behind us. All the way down too. He's going to work. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. Of course. It's going to be impossible to do five, five, five, five. So when you feel something very good, check it out five. When you don't, you know, the three. But this is not detailed. So the last three, I just need to be careful. I love her a little bit. And I love her everything. Now this two is not too heavy. So heavy. Every rap is three to five seconds. Last one. What do you guys think about the dumbbell pullover? Yes. Wow. It's on. Back in the day because I didn't have a pullover. But then I learned that I did a lot better with an easy bar on a decline. Okay. Really? I could smoke them. Okay. Yeah. And when you go on a decline, you get a little bit more shortened range. Because you can bring your arms a little farther to your waist. Yeah. Yeah. And then also, meadows would put a band around that and tend to like the rack. So when you get to the top, there's still some tension. Yeah. Because they're an imperfect range of motion, right? Yeah. And that doesn't mean they're not useful because the stretch is very loaded. That's the most important thing about them is they're big stretch load. Yeah. And that's what John really liked them at the... He had him like in... when we did his plans, they were always like the last or second to the last exercise. Yeah. And it was more about that stretch than anything else. Absolutely. Who's that in the background there? Oh, I can't imagine. I can't imagine. I'm gonna roll it back a little bit. Yeah. I guess we don't see him again. Which is one of those regular dudes. Yeah. Just to regular dudes. That's just how good some regular dudes are. Looks like... looks like Kormir. You know? Kormir is gonna peel his shirt off here to get in the back of Dennis's video. We'll see if it's a Chris. It's gonna take top with crazy. It's Kormir. It's 2007. Oh, yeah. Okay. A little bit late. Yep. Detail. Detail. Detail. Detail. These are the detail exercises. I'll tell you what though. This is a fun... more fun exercise to watch than the other one, right? Oh, yeah. A little more entertaining. You know, we're going on here. So this is just back to back to back. So he's doing the dumbbells. He's doing the rows. He's doing the standard grip pull downs. Yep. Notice he's keeping that as a clutch. Yeah. And also too, for everyone who's thinking I want to try this, please don't be a jerk because Milus's gym is empty. Yeah. You're gonna get away with this. I'm gonna do this with a few seconds. Let's go down here. At 530pm. Yeah. So he's gone back to dumbbells. So he did them and then he did pull downs and now it's back to dumbbells. So what we're doing? It looks like it. Two sets. We know the Bacero didn't do any cutting of the film. We know he went to the right way. So there's that. There was no creative editing at all. It was start and stop. Yeah. Start and stop. Yeah. Sometimes the stop part didn't happen for a real long time, too. You know? Yeah. Like J.E. to hold bullet oatmeal. Right. Yeah. We're there for all of it. Yep. There's some like generational memes in there about mincero videos. Like a whole generation of bodybuilders that are just content to watch Ronnie and he's hit at Elbax Day Coast for like 40 minutes. I am self not talking. You just got it right at the two in his food. He said like two words to the waiter and that's the part you get excited about. You're like, oh wow. Yeah. Well, he ordered. Yeah. Yeah. I will say this. I know that I did the cornbread mixed inside of the. There he goes before I was like, I got to know. I got to know if this is good. I did the instant grits mixed with your eggs. And it was so much of cheese. Yeah. I did put it in a mixing bowl and sit down and eat that because it's just so much food. You know, you do doesn't egg whites in three, four packs of grits. It's a lot of volume. But it's good. That's funny. Yeah. You're daddy. That's the goal in life is to get volume up. Yeah. Conqueror. We're going to see him pose. I don't think he poses in this one either. I think we just got the tank top finally. This is a long segment by the way. Well, this is just the one work. So it's going to be long. We're going to zoom to the end. All right. I'm going to go to thirds of the way through here. We get it. So that was all I'm saying. This is a, yeah, that that was a workout in itself, I think. And now he's doing another huge giant set with all different exercises that he just did. I wonder if Milo's has got a bunch of intro workout in here. Have you seen him stop to drink anything? Because I, oh, he definitely would be Milo's has been pushing that for a long time since the 90s. Yeah. So he's got a drink on something definitely. Especially for workout this long. And I guarantee that there's some glucose disposal agents in his bloodstream. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's a word for him. He's a young, young, he day. That's a day. See you. So much more. Is that like open he day? Not much more. The pitch. Much more. More even. It's unusual. We already. That's open he day. Zero coke. To. To. Stable days. So. We all three. It be. So much. You can do some zero carb this year. I think dusty. Just to push people. You're not here in there. Just. Just to see who really wants it. Yeah. Let's see. Let's see. Little zero card. Right. I'll move us forward. I think more here. I think. I think. Two nice people. We have more. Yeah. More pullovers. Another variation of the same thing. Yeah. So one thing that I think is so funny is that people like that even at that level you could start doing random stuff like this thing. He was going to somehow. Change your whole physique. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then we kind of ended up back where we started here. Well, he's run out of equipment. He's used the whole gem. I mean. So. So. He's. He's a lot of variety. This is Dennis was zero carb at this point. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's somewhat Dennis. He looks pretty flat. Like I mean, his muscles rounded. Crazy still. But like looking at the veins. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can only imagine if you're to give that man a cheeseburger and some fries. What would happen? Dump some salt in it and watch me explode. Right. Right. Just go weird people used to pull sodium. I'm like, why? How's that work? It's a lot of drink like. Have him drink like 200 grams of carbs and eat a cheat meal. And then just like. It's like a club. Yeah. For a couple hours. Yeah. Very. Yeah. You see no bear claw. I think that was it. To pleat it everything. So I'm just a hungry man. Yeah. I'm just hungry. He too. I think. Yeah. I guess. Very good. No pose. He's not going to post today. He's flat. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. I mean, that's flat. I'm using air quotes here. Yes. Better than I ever was at any point in my life. His worst. So that's cool. What's on I'm thinking about myself. Wolf oxygen gym. Oh wait. There's some posing. Here you go. Run. No. There we go. To have my family here and that always support me all the time. And of course see how. See how Dennis still has calves. Yeah. They're not giant. But he still has calves. He still has the inside head of his calves when he's facing front and back. He still has some muscle there. And the lower lats are. See, he's still got calves. Like he. There's two toes gone seven. Yeah. Yeah. His calves disappear around like. Oh, nine ten. They start disappearing. The one goes first. I can see the way if I were being critical. It looks like the right calf. Right one. Some little smaller. Yeah. Yeah. So this is because when he turned pro. He had calves and there was nothing missing right. Yeah. So I'm not sure what happened. There's some kind of nerve entrapment in there. Probably, you know, like I said that kind of happened to me on the one side. I think it's my S1. But but these these shots are great. Like they really are. And I wonder how Dennis Wolf would have done. By today's standards. Now, granted back then like we were talking about on one of the other shows. You know, like Phil didn't really work on ab control because he didn't need to back. Then nobody did. Right. You know, pushing it. Yeah. Right. Right. But with how small his waist is imagine if he could suck a vacuum, which if you were modern day competing, he would totally be working on that, you know. Right. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yep. Funny. You either have low lats. And then your waist is wider. Or you have that tiny waist, but your lats are higher. You know what I mean? I would say high lats all day long because I think it looks awesome. It's cool. Like the waist is so small. Yeah. And you mean for flat you got to admit he's still. But those chests blown out here. Also another thing we have to laugh at is like in 2007, this is a quality we're dealing with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just say how things look now on your phone and that like portrait mode, you know. Right. Yeah. But yeah, the legs on them are just crazy those quads. Oh yeah. And they all way. So what do they need to hear? I wonder what he weighs. Oh. Yeah. That most muscular. That's a classic wolf shot too. The way he hits that muscle. Is it going to be right there? So he winds up pulling it together really well and winds up in fourth place four days from now. Or no. Yeah. Oh no. Sorry. What year is this? Yeah. You're the 114 still. Seven. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, seven. He got third at the New York. He won the keystone and he got fifth at the O. So he lands top five this year. Yeah. That's a good one. Absolutely. That was classic. All those like, you know, that homilo's, uh, Call of the gym era where he was training all those guys out of Call of Sam and. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Johnny Jackson went there to train them for a while. Oh, yeah. You know, he came over. He came over. That's a weird time. Yeah. Yeah. Johnny, train them for a while. Yeah. He trained Johnny for a couple shows. Yeah. You know, just trying stuff. You know. Absolutely. Intra workout. Intra workout. Technologies. Yeah. That was four. Huh. A lot of guys. I think a lot of guys, a lot of guys back in the day. I think that's what they hired him for was like, I think he's just going to find out like all this time. Oh, yeah. All that. You know, what do you do with the carbs? You know, that's sort of stuff. But it was a fun era, man. Yeah. Good time. Okay. Well, is that it. It's just bodybuilding reacts. Dennis Wolf. Train it with me, Los. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Ring the bell. Thanks guys. James muting dot com dusty 20 big round 20. Get your all in, get your ISO surge. Everyone should get on the gear. Thanks again, Scott. Thanks again, dusty. Remember. It's just bodybuilding. Relax. Always crack up when you do that. The react.