If you want more dates, look like the rock. Yeah, don't look like a bodybuilding. What's up, everybody? We've got another episode of It's Just Bodybuilding. I am not big wrong part, though, obviously. But this is Scott McNalley. I'm Dusty Hancha. And today, we have an episode without big wrong because he had, well, better things to do. Actually, it's because he's out saving the world, getting us another mute on a mission. And I'm envious, which is why I'm already talking trash because he's at the shed. Training, with James Hollings, had getting us all a video. I had hoped to go out, but it wasn't going to work with the shows. So here we are. As always, we got to lead the show with the work. Yeah. Remember to like, comment, like, share, subscribe, and I got to do it. Ring the bell. You did it all. You did it all. It's very stressful. I don't know if you know what's funny. I never listened to all the words that Ron says. You just hear the cadence. I just wait for my moment. And I'm like, why? I was actually practicing in the mirror earlier. If no. I should have because it was bad. Probably you should have. I'll just just a couple of times. Don't forget, I am mutant.com, Pratsbores of the show. And remember to use the codes this week. I need everyone to use big Ron 20 because I think he probably feels a little bad. So this week, we're going to turn his code on. It's going to work. But if you really can't hand out supporting guy who doesn't like sandwiches, dusty 20 will still work. We'll say 20 percent, we'll get you all your things. We get you your mind. This hand as well as your gear. And I'm going to stick with the ones I like. You've got to have some ice of surgery in your life. Chocolate, the triple chocolate. Good to go. So Scott, what do we have today? We've got a bunch of stuff. Hard work. You're prepared for Ron not being here, which made my life a lot easier. That was good. You've got some stuff. I've got some stuff. We're going to hold this together. I'll tell you guys Ron feels bad when he can't make it to the show. But he is out doing the work of making bodybuilding better, recording another animation. So yeah. Yeah. So we got some topics though. And for starters, we're going to make this one really quick. Somebody asked us, do more plates. Really equal more dates. I think most of the people that are watching this know that if we're going to say more plates equal more dates, these are brod dates. Yeah, that's the only. You can go out with your boys. I mean, it's just a common fact. I think what I did Scott was at a young age, I realized that not much at all was going to equal more dates. So I might as well just get huge and blame it on that. And that's what I went with. So yeah, no, it's funny. For me, I've never had a woman that was even like that bodybuilding was a connection. It was just like he's fine. And for whatever reasons, I'll put up with the bodybuilding or they might like it. But they definitely, you know, even Nicky, her thing with bodybuilding, she would much rather, like even when I leaned down because I choose to. She just likes like big. She'd much rather. I was too 90 right now and soft. She just thinks, yeah, that looks better. There shouldn't like abs and all that. And that's the other thing. There's a flip of the coin. I'm not going to talk about being big. Yeah. I want some fat. I'm like, ah. So as always, I'm disappointing ladies by staying leaner than she would like. And my youngest daughter, same thing. Her boyfriend wants to get lean and she pretty much could wash it. There is no question. You've been by my in dusty that dudes lift weight. Do two lift weights only get attention from other dudes who want to get as big as they are. So that they can get attention from other dudes. It's a circle of life in the gym. That's how it goes. But that's how we bond together. You know, I see a guy and I'm like, oh, yeah, that guy looks serious. You know what I mean? It's like that guy looks like he's putting some work in. He's all right by me. You know what I mean? That's like now we're on the same level kind of thing. But the reality is, and I think I mentioned this before, we get so engrossed in the industry of bodybuilding and in the world of this, it starts to become hard to tell if somebody actually is bigger or not. Like I look at you and I'm like, oh, yeah, I dust these big. Love that I take a guy who's like 220 and he's definitely serious about training, but he doesn't have like 23 in germs. And then I honestly, I can't tell if they lift weights are not like, yeah, I don't know. You lift weights and anybody else is like, oh, that dude's huge, you know. Right. Yeah, the word huge is interesting because you'll hear that about like an athlete. And because we have a warped understanding of huge, you've seen the Rock East huge. I'm like, I've trained right next to him. He is not huge. I've never seen him like next to a bodybuilder. Like how, how, where would you put him like how close is he to being like bodybuilder size? Not even close. Yeah. He's like athlete size, you know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. If you want more dates, look like the Rock. Yeah, don't look like a bodybuilder. Yeah. I think that's the, the line is you want to look like you have some muscle and you work out. Yeah, I think that looking good and close matters too. Like this has been the greatest victory of my retirement as I can buy clothes. Yeah. And I shop at the nicest establishments target. Great place. Nine dollar t-shirt. When. So yeah, you could, I couldn't go to Target before. Oh, yeah. They didn't have clothes of fit, me. And so it's like, I'm, I wore tents all the time. People like all you really like baggy shirts. I'm like, I just look like crap and everything. So these are cheap. So they're gone. Like, I think, and I think of the extreme version of that. I think of Sean Clarita where he has this like, who actually stole my clothes. Yeah, he's got like a forex shirt on. It's coming down to his knees and they's got like a hoodie on over that. And if you didn't know any, by the way, you'd be like, is that guy obese? Does he have a health condition? Like if you didn't know he was a bodybuilder, you just saw him covered up in clothes. They're like, oh man, that's a very fat man over there. You know, you know, you know what I love about Sean too, which now we're way off top of it always is he's never, ever, not in shape. Oh yeah. So it's like, even the booth he wears t-shirts. And he would he peel down, and Dino's the other day. I mean, I already knew, but I was still like damn. Like he doesn't have an ugly off season. He has a beautiful off season. Like everything just gets rounder. And yeah, he's a little softer, but I would never use that three letter word. I would use on myself all the time. You know, fat. Yeah, never. I mean, he looks fantastic. So I love that about him though, because at the end of the day, it kind of tough the subject. That's, that's when you know you love this. Is it, it doesn't even cross your mind if people like it. Yeah. I was telling Nicky about this just two nights ago that I really did enjoy hearing people say negative things in public. It's because you're in shape. You just humanly want for that. It's gross. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And you're like, yes, that's what I'm looking for. And you know, and the one thing I will add to help those who do care is my track record does prove that there are women at like, muscle. So you should be fine and you will find in the industry. I think that it's a helpful thing because a lot of people maybe it's not that a lot of these women love muscle, but they want someone that understands their lifestyle. So it is easier in that regard to have somebody who gets what you're doing and and truly supports it. And the right person in the industry, keyword, then you guys can combine and things get pretty little easier at a function. I think, but that's just me. So they do exist. But I think at the end of the day, fellas, if you don't have a personality or a very big wallet, you will struggle. And so we've got a bunch of stuff here. I don't know if I'm going to read this whole question because it's like a paragraph. I'm going to try to sum it up and it's from Brandt. And he says, he actually says, so last five minute crew, friend of Ron and annoyance of dusty. Do you know, Brandt done? This is name. What's what it says on here? He says annoyance of me. Yeah, he says annoyance of dusty here. Oh, I don't agree with that. Go ahead. OK. OK. He says question, how do I push my coaching services on people, advertise my business without being one of those annoying, cringy, higher me in change your life, kind of guys? He says, I've been training for 17 years, competing for 12 and coaching competitively for the last, composing, excuse me, competitive athletes for the last nine. I believe that I really do have what it takes. See, and what I'm doing comes to helping others. He says, what he's terrible at advertising, coaches 1 to 3 competitive bodybuilders a year in a handful of lifestyle people. But he would like to increase those numbers significantly. He says he does work a real full-time job in the currently only has a personal IG account. That was basically more or less what he said. Got it. First off, I hate that I got him thinking he annoys me. I'm like, man, I got a re-establish something. I'm like, oh, he's saying he is. No, you're not. You know what Scott, I think I would like, I'd like to get your take first because I want to hear how you, how did you go about building? Because he's already doing it, which I know you were a little bit. So how did you take it to the next level where it became full-time of the podcast? Wow. So the podcasting was just a means of advertising for my coaching initially. That's really what it was. But all you have to do is invest every waking hour into a podcast and wrangle in a bunch of really cool people from the bodybuilding world like Dusty and Rod and everybody else and just dedicate your life to churning out podcasts. You never have to advertise a day in your life. That's all you have to do. Easy. Just trade your life for it. Yeah. When I first started coaching, it kind of just snowballed. It was one of those things where I had people asking me questions and I was giving away advice for free. And I actually remember all the way back, heavy muscle before heavy muscle radio, no bowl radio with Dave Palombo and John Remod. Oh yeah. And even on one of his tie rates and he was saying, if you, you know, you want to be in the industry, then you know, just keep doing what you love and eventually it'll start to make money for you. That was okay. And honestly, at that time, I was sitting on my couch and I was thinking to myself like, I remember sitting in my apartment, playing it on my computer which was sitting next to me, I think it to myself, okay, I'm going to do that. And I just started, I was answering questions on the message boards and I just kept answering questions and kept answering questions. And then I started my own thread that ended up getting sticky at the top of the board. And it ended up getting thousands and thousands of replies. And then a company reached out to me and said, hey, do you want to answer questions at our website? And we'll pay you. Per month, we'll pay you money to answer questions. I was like, oh, yeah, I'd love to do that. And all the while, I still had people asking me outside of that. And I realized I got to a point. It was kind of unintentional. Like I just was helping knowing eventually, this will somehow work into something. I got to a point where I knew that I couldn't keep doing this at the level I was in last I was making some sort of money. And so I just, from there, I started charging people. And I charged very little. I still don't charge enough. I'm going to be completely honest, you might write, sir, always like historically lower than other peoples. And I know that I undervalue what I do. But over time, that just built and built and built. And then like I said, 2015, I decided to start a podcast. And part of it was because I just freaking love bodybuilding. And I wanted to be able to do a show my own way. And it kind of just grew from there. And honestly, I don't advertise now. It's always been word of mouth. And if he's coaching a few people, I guess my advice to him would be just, you know, you don't have to shove it down people's throat. I would say just he's got a full-time job, right? So it sounds like he's doing something good. He says he's a full-time job for a chemical company. My thought would be, sell those too. Oh, not those chemicals. Oh, that's something. That's not part of the story. That's not part of the story. It's like a pyramid. Nevermind. Thank you, dear. I have to be very willing to be smarter. That's a great wife. Yeah, I don't know, Dusty. Should I explain any other aspects of that? Because I know, you actually covered things I wasn't thinking about. That are great. And the reason that I deferred is because I didn't, I do the same thing. I just have found that over time people, I don't, and I've actually thought about it. I should, I should for my clients, which I probably will. Clients, I'm going to start doing this. I'm going to start offering a discount on referrals for there monthly. Oh, okay. Because I've never done that. And I just thought it was that now. Yeah. Because they do refer people because they're just their great clients. And literally during this conversation, I'm like, oh, I should probably say thank you. And that's a great way to do it. Because yeah, if you give someone a good experience with this is, for me, you've got prior to having any name in the industry at all. Yeah. I got into coaching because I coached my first wife for a show because we were poor. Yeah. And I did it. And she did awesome. Yep. And then I had like three or four girls from the show. And I, it was old school. You know, I was backstage helping her because she needed my help. She didn't know what to do. So I mean, you're doing the whole thing. So then people see her do well. And then they ask, how old do you coach? People sure. And then I took those four girls for free. And I trained them. Yeah. And then it same as you went on for about two years where I didn't make a penny. But it's having fun. I was a school and I have a job. And finally, as I go, I should probably charge. So I started charging. And that was that. And I actually stopped coaching for a few years. I really couldn't tell you why I would have done that. But I did. I was busy running the businesses doing bodybuilding. And I could have handled all three. And the version of me that's alive now would have never stopped. Yeah. Because I still enjoyed it. It was never a hindrance. You know. And I think that that is probably the biggest thing that I would suggest is, make sure you're doing it because you love doing it. Because when I speak to people who work with friends. And I think that's a very common thing as they can tell that their coach loves coaching. They're invested in it. They're enjoying it. It's not just the money. When Ron and I travel, I've never asked clients for an extension of time. I'd give 24 hours. Got married 24 hours. Travel 24 hours. And they can show 24 hours. It doesn't stop because I like doing it. Vacation. I don't stop working. Yeah. I just when you like doing it, I think people catch that. So make sure you're doing that. And I think it'll all just kind of work itself out. I mean, if he knows what he's doing. If nothing else locally, it'll build. Oh, nice jacket. Thank you. Wow. Yes. Only a few people have that gem. Is that true? Yeah. There's probably 30 of those in the world. You can see Arnold. Yeah. That's only us. Only those on the team. If you catch what I just said, Scott. I like that. I like that. That's my focus. There we go. All right. I wanted to add more thing dusty. Yeah. So just one other thing I did was I didn't have the confidence at first to coach. I felt like, you know, should I really be taking people's money? There's people that have done this a lot longer than me. I always made sure that I worked with people that were at a level that I could help. Meaning I wasn't like shooting for a Mr. Olympia. You know, to out the gate, right? It's like, I knew like, hey, I've gotten in shape before. You've never gotten in shape. Okay. Then I could probably help you do that better than you can help yourself. Right. That's how I started. And then one of the steps I took to give myself confidence was while working with that. Some of them in company and answering questions for them. We set up a program where I took on 10 people in coached them for free. And we did a blog, a weekly blog on their progress. And I said exactly what I was doing. Basically, like, everybody might quote unquote secrets, you know? Yeah. I said, these are, this is what we're doing. This is where we're changing the food. This is where we're adding these compounds. This is what's going on. Just educating people along the way. And I ended up doing that all the way through. Showed the before's and after's. Everybody got to follow along and learn along. I did it again for free. And then the third time I said, all right, now I'm going to charge. I got 10 people. I charged them all 10 up front. And I said, this is what we're going to do for the next 16 weeks. And then I used that money as like a nastag so that I could tell my full time job that I was quitting. Ah, that's a good moment. Because I thought like that way I've got these 10 people. That's, you know, I already had other clients. But as I've got these 10 people, I've got this project to work on. And now I've got at least a few months red paid ahead of time. I got a little bit of a, what I was doing before man, I couldn't save money. Like I literally was leaving, I was thinking about it recently. I was living like month to month, you know? Yeah. No, it's a scary thing. I love that you shared that too because that's a, that was just genius marketing, whether you meant to or not. I mean, genius. And one more thing, because I, I like to push this out there for people is, everyone complains, oh, you do a show and you think you're a coach. Well, no one's making them hire these guys. I don't mind if people want a coach. I don't, you know, you should know your role, like you said, because I can tell you this much right now. And any coach who's different than me, hats off to you. But when I look back at what I used to do, I was like, wow, I had a lot to learn. Yeah. And I learned it by doing it. And I learned it by being around other people. We really enjoy looking down our nose of people who are where we used to be. Yeah. I love like, when did I start? Huh, I had done a couple shows. I didn't know everything. The difference was, I think the one caveat to that is, I didn't claim I knew everything. I claimed I was a beginner. I told people I was learning. And that's why it was free. Or that's why it was discounted. Yeah. And my good client, Jesse Chase, I would see, you know, him from, he gets on here and gives us way too much money all the time. Thank you, Jesse. Great guy. But he actually came to me a few six, eight months ago. And said, hey, I've had a lot of people ask about coaching and I tried to direct them to the to you, but they can't afford it or they, you know, they really would rather work with me because they know me and I just said, I don't know. And long story short, I was like, are you crazy? You love this. Do it. Yeah. And he's been turning out results. I see the pictures and you can see the passion in the client. And it's not like look what I did. It's look what they did. And it's just really cool to see. So if you are getting started, don't be afraid to take that jump and understand that anyone who hates on you who cares. Yeah. He went out and slay that he's doing awesome. And he also knows because he's a solid guy. If you ever got stuck, he has my phone number. Yeah. Yeah. Because I have people's phone numbers. If you think that Ron and I have never discussed a situation with a client, like, hey, I ran into this and I've done this and this. Am I missing anything? Yep. We have, I've talked to Chris that way. So there's nothing wrong with getting started and knowing that you've got people around. I mean, I would call Scott. You know what I mean? You know that's Scott. That is the beauty of this industry when you get in with the right people. And that's how you learn. And you know, growing, I'll ask people what things that went well. This went really good. Have you done this before? You know what I mean? Yeah. Because you just sometimes something goes really well. And you're like, huh. So just something to think about to all of you that are in there because I know there's so much hate spewed on people beginning new businesses and it just makes me laugh. Because there's more than enough people who want to get in shape and want help to go around. So I encourage people just make sure you're becoming an expert. That's my big thing when people say, what's the first step coming good coach might be an expert? Truly, immerse yourself. And when you're doing well, don't stop learning. Don't start taking courses. Don't stop researching. Like, we are addicted to that side. Because the reason I can't watch a lot of TV, I much rather go out and expand what I love doing. And it just means I listen to a lot of stuff and read a lot of studies because it's fun. That's what the podcast is all about. You know what I mean? We have so my thought with putting all of this together was that I wanted to be able to bring together a bunch of different perspectives, all people that I respect, all good people that I could that way. Because here's the thing, I could listen to you talk all day, dusty and at the end of the day, I might learn a lot, but I'm only getting one person's perspective. And I found at least for myself the way I could educate myself most is learn from you, learn from this guy, learn from this guy, take it all and kind of see what. And kind of see, well, what are the common themes here? What worked for him, what worked for him? What's going to work for me? You know what I mean? Yep. Love it. Love it. All right. We've got a bunch more stuff here. You set me this video. Can we throw this video up? You set me up? Oh, yes, I love this. I love this. I love this. Let's see if we can roll this in. Seren, do and kick ass and lift weights and have fun and watch what good things happen. Instead of like every rep I have to focus on this and everything I have to do this and I have to write this down. And if I'm not hitting them, I had too much fat today. I got a couple of carbs. I was like, just work out. And eat food and you'll really, really love this sport. I like that too. It's good. Yeah. And I feel like that's a new perspective. That's, it's, I'll call it like the same. So look effect. Because you know what I mean? Like that's kind of where he's coming from. And I love seeing that this is coming back in bodybuilding because there's been so much as Ron would call it the spreadsheet bodybuilding that's been happening. It's been happening for the last four or five years now, you know? Yeah. That's why I sent it to you because I saw this morning. It just made me smile because I thought back to when I started bodybuilding. And we've talked about this for our own ways. Everyone's time too much. But it's like, you went to the gym and you were like, how can I kill my biceps today? Yeah. It was there. Like there wasn't a lot of like thought in the beginning. And then it was, you got to eat to grow. And I was like, well, then I'll eat everything. And it, you know, obviously, I'm not suggesting that's the best route. But I will tell you that I had a lot of fun, which is the reason I'm still in the game. Yeah. And it's also how I found DC trainer. I love that he mentioned I got to write everything down. And the reason I love that is because I loved the scoreboard. The moment I was introduced to a logbook, I was like, oh, man, I played hockey. I win today. I won that exercise. But if that's not you, then don't do that. You know, I mean, I've had to remind people, and I know full odds been really good about this during And as career as well, it's saying, I never said you should do this. I'm just saying this is what I do. And I want people to understand that more and more because at the end of the day, the perfect plan that you hate doing will give you less results than an OK plan that you love and you won't quit. Yeah. Because eventually when you quit, the perfect plan, it all comes to an end. So you really should make sure you're enjoying that process. And I feel like when we had a lack of information back in the day, some of the things that we did that were wrong, it was because we didn't have a place to look for an answer. And now all we have is answers being puped at us. No, it stopped. And it's the only way to do it. That's my favorite thing is these the absolutes that go on. Yeah. I mean, the amount of people who have tried to use Sam to get themselves some cloud just by putting him in a video. And I'm like, what is why are we hammering this? Like who cares? Because my answer is always the same. Look at him. Like same thing with someone who's, I used to look at Branch Warren and I think to myself when I was a kid. Like I think that something would snap in my body if I trained like that. But if it wouldn't, I probably would try it because it worked so well for him that I'm curious if it would work for me. Yeah, you know what I mean? Or on the flip. A lot of guys get success with like super slow training. Oh yeah, I have an attention span of a goldfish. I'm not going to do it. It's too long. I can't wait five minutes for a wrap. I'm bored. I forgot where I was. I'm out. You know what I mean? So what would happen if you would just try your train together? I would bring him to the dark side. Oh, no. Actually, here's the great thing though. Justin is a perfect example because I don't think he trains too slow. I think he trains flawlessly. Oh, he does. You know, and I didn't know what you meant. I mean super slow because I feel like he's like, oh no. I mean by standard like average standards, I would say his negative is at least our. For your control. Yeah, control. Not like like for example, if you're going so slow that I can't watch your real. Oh, yeah, because like I looked away and I got a drink and you're still on that wrap. That first. You just bored. And I don't mean I'm not judging your real. It's just I don't want to do that. Justin's another perfect example because here's what I love about him. You can't argue it works. I mean, great. But he's also the first one that'll, you know, see a video of someone like me. I'm like doing a bent road just yanking it all over the place. And he's like great set. Yeah. He doesn't care. And he doesn't think to him. I promise you he will he will comment if we put this up. He doesn't think if he trained my way his back would be better. Right. No, of course that. I would suck either way. No, you know what I'm saying? Like it's it's very key that people get that through their head and. And in fine like you you had said earlier and it was like it was ringing in my mind. Like final works for you, but not just physically works, but that you enjoy. Yeah, because that's the that's the thing. And I think sometimes we forget that because just because branch Warren train that way doesn't mean you should. Ronnie Coleman doesn't look the way he does because he trained that way. Because he trained intensely, I will definitely say is why he looks like that and his genetics and all these other things. But I bet if he trained intensely in a different fashion. He would still be a freak. It's still for him. Yeah. So many people in back when I was getting started and I know you've been here. I'd have someone go fill he doesn't train his back like that. But Mike they still are you suggesting did if I train like fill he thought would look anything like him. Like I appreciate the compliment. I do, but it's not how it works. You know, so you know, just something to think about with the process and and I love that might put that out because I do think you're right. Sam is putting an impact on the industry that's awesome because like. Are you having fun because Sam is having fun. You weren't there when we trained that night. But I'm telling you man, like it was so funny because you come in there and you know, I just met Sam that weekend. And it's just a bunch of dudes who like to work out. And I love it because you go into a gym and you quickly realize I'm not training next to. I'm not so soon to be five time in Salimpi. Ian, I'm not I'm not I'm trying to be a bunch of people who like to work out. Right. It's it like everyone doesn't no one has names anymore. Once it's gravity and a closed locked door and some loud music. You know, and I think that that is what's awesome. That's why half the people in that room are retired and are still killing themselves. I love that. Yeah, you know, so very cool. Hey, we had some other stuff. I had a personal question. I've been meaning to bring this up for like three weeks now. And the my water bottle reminded me of that because this is Trader Joe's water. You guys ever go to Trader Joe's and if so, what are your three favorite foods from Trader Joe's? If you go. Of course I'll show you those number one. Okay. This is going to be funny because the foods are all over the place. But first thing is they've got those cubed garlics in the freezer section. Oh yeah, yeah. Little squares and you can get them at any store. But there's our better because they got a little plastic cover that snaps back on. Oh, okay. Very key when I put it back in the freezer. I just had a whole two week debacle with the same brand. But just had like a little like one of those like slide up clear tops. Yeah. They didn't stay on. Oh, it's like yeah, like cellophane shit. Sorry. So those. Yeah. Also, little secret of the pros don't tell everyone. But if you will have their dark chocolate expresso being covered like chocolate that are by the front door and little square, yeah, yeah. You have a few of those during your workout. It's like eating off of a square plate during your workout. Absolutely. Between sets. You just pop a couple of your mouth. No, I will get to the gym and I actually like keep them when the bag. I just have a few like I'm like it's a leg day. It's a four, it's a four bean day. You got it. You count them out for legs. Okay. Yeah. You know, you go up with that. So that's a great gem from there everyone. And it lasts a long time. So don't worry about that. Okay. And yeah, the science says in the off season that increases. Gains for sure. All right. And then the last thing. Let's see if there's so many. Oh, if so many good things there. Peachhips. Peachhips. Yeah. Like the little, they're like the green. It looks like a green bean kind of like this. But it's just a little chip delicious. Google it. Google it. I'm going to do that right now. They're awesome. So what are your things while you're Googling? Oh, that I can't get you. Google awesome. You can't get both. This is where Ron comes in because I'm in the background. Yeah, you're just looking him up. But he's got a story about like, oh, yeah, one time I ran into you. I could say people he would talk about where they came from. He's like, well, actually. Yeah, yeah, he would have that or he would like have ran into somebody. You know, a good pro or something. It treated you. You know what? I actually remember a time. This is a funny. I forgot about a story about Ron. So we were at Trader Joe's together. Is this it? By the way. That's it. Okay. Amazing. So the story. It's like a chip. And the cool thing about this story is knowing a check the validity. But we were actually walking out of Trader Joe's and during the AIDS was there. And he didn't want any more of his peach chips. He said, hey, Ron, do you want to see this? And once again, he said, no. I was like, not. I don't like peach chips. I don't want peach chips. I don't want your salmon. I was like, I just ate, you know, and I would have. But I had about it for like three months. And he still thinks about it. The closest I ever came to firing Ron during Nicky's prep was that story. That was, yeah, he's lucky. Let me put it that way. He's lucky. Very. All right. Let me see what else we have here. Oh, I wanted you didn't even give me your three. Oh, that's right. I'm supposed to talk to you. I forgot about that part. Man. So here's the thing. I forgot about Trader Joe's until a couple weeks ago. It's kind of like, you're not going to go to Trader Joe's to get all your normal stuff. You know what I mean? It's like, oh, no, when you go to Trader Joe's, it's like a special event. And for us, I'm going to tell you, man, Victoria and I, one of our dates is going to the grocery store. I don't know why, but we enjoy grocery stores when she first came here. Like the first day, we went to like three different grocery stores. We like we're getting snacks from all these different places. They got, I don't know. It's just our thing. It's just our thing, man. In fact, what I'm telling you, we're letting everyone know that you're rich right now, though. Yes, with this administration, shopping being your enjoyment tells me you have too much money. I bought a ball of water dusty. All right. That was $72. You used to meet 38 cents. Trader Joe's is pretty cheap. That's the other thing I like about this. Oh, yeah. This is our pretty reasonable. You get their meats are pretty good and they're not that expensive. I like to look at their cheese section. They've got a good cheese section. Get some like maybe a weird like funky like extra extra sharp cheddar from Ireland or something. Right. And then I get apples. They always have really good fruit. So we'll get apples and then maybe they'll be like, or you sort of. The apples is that where the date apples come from. Yeah, they sure do. And then maybe like some other fruit, you know, some other weird fruit that like we've never seen before. And we'll buy that banana. Yeah. And then we'll get like the little bouquet of flowers because Victoria likes to put those out. You know, and then we have flower the next week or so. I did try to get I forgot something that we have to add. Oh, what's that? I'm going to look something up. So you have grilled peppers with onion. They're like actually have like grill marks on them. They're frozen. They're all you cut up. Yeah. Great for when you're like, because I like to just mix peppers in with like chicken or chicken and rice or steak and rice. You just like pour some of them out of the bag and you've got red green yellow peppers and onion that are actually like grilled. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Dude, everybody who's ever watched my YouTube scene those 100 times. I use them and everything. So who I can't believe I didn't forget that. So I got this protein bar and I've been dreaming about it ever since I have to go back and get another one. Have you seen these? No. Oh, they're so good. I don't even know what the macros are. Effect them in the local. Let's see. So you're getting 18 grams of carbs three of them are fiber. One of them is sugar. Okay. Five sugar alcohols 20 grams of protein and eight grams of fat. So that's not bad. Dude, it tasted like candy. It was like really freaking good. So I'll be checking those out for sure that sounds great. That was Trader Joe's too. This is Trader Joe's. Yeah. Yeah. And they aren't that expensive. Yeah. They aren't that expensive. Let's see. Amazon. Well, like three bucks a piece. Two bucks a piece. Yeah. They're like three bucks. Yeah. I'm here for all of $27 to $28 on Amazon. So excuse me, I didn't know they had them on Amazon. But yeah, so that was my number one for those things. And then the fruits, like I said, and then they have these little, it's like a, it's fast food basically. They have these like little, little mini taco things. And it's like a hard shell. It's like a corn. It looks like a little taco. But it's only that big. And they're frozen and they have like chicken in. It's like a corn tortilla on the outside. And you put like a dozen of them in your air fryer. And they get like all crisp up and stuff. Those are, they're really good. Little sauce. That's kind of awesome. They get that mango sauce on the have. And you're good. Oh, yeah. I know that one. Yeah. That I know. So this is my. Oh, I'm like planning a trip to Trader Joe's. And I leave the country tomorrow. I got to knock this off. Oh, yeah. I'm like planning a trip to Trader Joe's. And I leave the country tomorrow. I got to knock this off. Oh, yeah. You're leaving the maro, right? Yeah. How many flights is it? Just to just easy. Easy. What's your layover? I'm only, I think it's like an hour and a half, which is kind of what you want. Yeah. You want a short layover because your, or I should say, you want a long enough layover that you're not risking a mess. Right? You know what I mean? Because we've all been there. I'm actually looking at it real quick. Boom. Do you know where exactly two hours in, in Munich. So okay. So you're flying all the way straight there. And then just a little hop over from Munich. Yeah. I always do that because I go from Charlotte. So it's always like either direct or like quick and then a, you know, pedal jump. That's fine. Quick. That shot. Yeah. Doesn't bother me at all. What's the time on that? The first flight is eight hours and 40 minutes and the second is one hour. Okay. Good 10. But you know what's weird? Scott is. I think because of the lifestyle that we have, I don't mind the flights. I like I get in like a zone out mood. Yep. Me too. I'm just so chill the whole time and then we land like even if I don't sleep. I'm fine. Yeah. You know, I watch. I got a download some so I'm, I'm banging out game of thrones now. Oh, yeah. So I didn't watch that. I've never seen it. Have you watched it before? No, just, so I just start. I finally committed to it. I like to wait until things are long over. Right. Right. And I finally, it was like a, it was like a coming to like a adulthood. Yeah. I came to Nicky one day and I was like, I'm ready. Which is like, for what? I'm like, game of thrones. And she just had this proud look on her face and she's like, we will start tonight. And we've just seen it, right? Oh, yeah. She actually almost didn't date me because I hadn't. Yeah. You realize that you and I are the only two people that haven't watched game of thrones. Yeah. I'm the only one now because you're already. You're the, yeah. And I'm in the, and apparently I'm in like the heart of it. I'm like three quarters away through season three. Okay. And I mean, I know everybody. I've got a new girlfriend. I mean, there's a lot going on. I'm allowed. So it's cool. Yeah. I talked to my friend over. So if you watched the gentleman. No. It's good. It's, so Dave Crossland told me it was originally a movie. But it's a TV show. And, um, oh, what's the guy's name? The director is Guy Richie. If you know him. Uh-huh. Like very violent, you know, very violent kind of crazy stuff. Nice. It's, it's a good show, man. Like you, I'm gonna see you. I think it's only one. That's, I know. So it sucks though. But it's so good. If there's that, and we finished Fargo. Fargo is so beyond good. I'm gonna tell you. It was probably my favorite TV show I've seen in a long time. Like I was sad for it to end. Oh, you're like a lost member of the family with that one. That's nice. Yeah. Yeah. It's season four. I think it might have been my favorite. And they cover, like, the Italians versus the blacks in, like, Midwest gangs. Right. It's kind of, and they, you kind of want everybody to win in everybody to lose at the same and it's in, like, the 1950s, 40s, 50s. Right. And they just, the era feel of it is so good. You're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, I'm like, I'm like, you're like, you're like, Chris Rock is, is like the head, gang guy of, of, oh, no way of the black crew. Yeah. And he is so good. He's so good. I can't even see that roll. I'm not gonna have to check that out. That's great. And you don't have watch that on my plate. Can I buy all the season life today? You can, and you don't have to watch them in order. Like, the, each season, they, there might be like a little piece that, that, that, like, this guy, like the first season is about a top. This is far go. Fargo. Yeah. So the first season has a storyline. The second season is like the girl's dad when he was a younger cop. So it's like back in the 70s. So it's like, it does, it, it ties in. Yeah. It's all over the place you don't need to have seen it. But anyway, I thought you said it. I forgot completely that we were on a show just now. For, for audio. For audio people, I am putting up a picture of Nicky. She just competed over the weekend. And she looked, for it amazing, man. Yes, it came together. Awesome. That's an iPhone quality for anybody to keep it score. Yeah. It was, it was an awesome weekend for sure. And you'll love this. But Ron brought her into the show. Obviously everyone knows went flawlessly. The big thing that she struggled with was the water pole because we did not do that. She drank like a little over two gallons Friday night. Okay. And Friday throughout the day, obviously, and normal food. Almost no changes aside from just slowly bumping up the carbs the last three or four days. Okay. And then on Saturday, she ate one meal. And went to pre-jaging because we always eat a meal in the morning and then there's a long long gap before our second meal. And that is what she did for the show and it came out flawlessly. And yes, she got her first win, which the interesting thing is, and it's tricky. But at this point in time with the women's physique division, my big hope was just that there was going to be someone she could compete with. Because what's happened is it's not a huge division to begin with. And those who have graduated at the next level have graduated. So they either graduate in term pro or they stay qualified. And so, you know, the odds of seeing another really good competitor or a handful of them at a qualifying show is pretty low. She competed against a lady who was in great shape. She looked real pretty. She looked really exciting. So, you know, just didn't have the muscle mass. But it was awesome to have her like on stage with someone that was good too, you know, so it was cool. And she, you know, the other lady, somebody who probably would have won almost any shows she could have entered. That's it. It was just that show, you know, so that was cool. And now six weeks before she can finally do what she's really excited with, which is. Going out, seeing if she can make a couple tweaks to be a little better. And then, um, just because that's immediately your goal. And then, uh, she's looking forward to the fact that now you're in shape and you get to experience dieting for six more weeks. Yeah, coming in a certain way. She was really excited because, you know, you haven't done this in five years. Yeah. And, and she already obviously saw that she looked better than ever before, but like how is she going to feel on stage. And it was actually amazing because, uh, she did her pre-judging, you know. And when she came out multiple people stopped her, that didn't know her. And we're like, you're different. Like that wasn't saying. And I was like, oh, I, because I thought, obviously I know that because I know the sport. But these are people who don't know her and don't know me. And I'm like, that's a good sign. And then, uh, when she did her finals routine, when she got done with it, Steve Payne was expediting at the show. And, uh, we're talking, she's the last, because I think the second to last was the last person on stage for the night. Because they had all the pros first, then the NPC, I think the one in left was maybe open body of a machine for females, but she may have already done it. And she did her routine. And as she was walking off, Steve Payne was like, that was amazing. And I think that's a good sign because as you know at the end of a show, like everyone's kind of tired. And he kind of got it. Yeah. Yeah. And so it was great. So she's looking forward to doing the next one. And obviously this show will be a big step up. There's going to be a lot of great competitors, which will be fun. But like we were talking on the way home from the gym today. And she's excited because she knows it doesn't matter the result. Because what she really wants to do now is take a year, put on some muscle and see what she can do with it. Well, as it being a goal again. Yeah. Because you know, she shared her post like, this was kind of a, she hadn't trained in years. I mean, she went to the gym, but just trained to, to be in decent shape and live life. And then, you know, give her take nine, a year ago, nine months, 12 months ago. I kind of, everything I do in this one more time. So she's excited to see what will happen and the nice thing with that. And I think more competitors need to think of is the result of your show doesn't change the work that has to be done. Yeah. So if she goes and wins and turns pro. Great. The things we need to do we need to do. If she goes and takes third because there's two girls better. Great. The things she needs to do, we still need to do. It doesn't change anything. I think people need to get away from being overly attached to that outcome. If they really love bodybuilding. Yeah. Yeah. What, what are you guys going to try to do over this next six weeks then? Like, what do you want to do to improve on what you guys already have? What she already has. So a couple little things. I want to work a little bit more on mind muscle connection on posing. Because there's certain things where you know, she'll move and I'll see it or muscle jump in a way. And I like, no, so I got her some exercises to do on just firing your muscle. You're foot on the ground, you're foot on the ground. You're foot seated like getting your brain to connect individual muscles. Yeah. So that you can pull them out. Because when it happens, you go from like, oh, you look great to hold. What was that? Yeah. So it's going to work on that because again, you got to remember, like, there's been no reason to do that. Right? You know, just going to the gym, just living life. So now it's just reconnecting that. It's going to be a big thing. And I think that'll light it up a ton. And the next thing is just, as you know, when you stay lean, things just keep getting better. They really do. We didn't use to see that because we used to get in shape for the show. And it all kind of came down to that least I did, you know, 15 years ago. You know, all came down to that moment. You got on stage and then it was over. And then you immediately went back into offices. And there wasn't like you continued to hold it and do another and another. So I think I missed out in at times earlier on because I hadn't figured that out yet. Yeah. So it'll be really cool. And I'm excited because it was surprising. I think anybody who. Who competes or has competed and stopped. It's actually really fun to just be like on the sideline. I was more like if we're going to put up her routine at some point on the Instagram. And I had to put my arm on a post to film because my hand was shaking, which made me laugh. Yeah. Because I don't get nervous for anything. Like, why did the USA is for the first time? I'm like backstage joking laugh. I don't care. And I'm like, so this is what nervous is. I always wondered. Like, I mean, my hand was shaking. Like it's a worst filming you've ever seen. And I'm like, huh, new feeling. I am quite nervous right now. So it was super fun. But I think that more people who get, you know, it's like when Victoria, you know, got her lifetime achievement award. Like you were losing your mind and so much higher than her. And I'm sure she was ecstatic. Don't get me wrong. But it's like it's different when it's your person. You're like, oh, yeah. Like this is crazy. And that was why I put my post to the last night because the reception from people was like, so crazy to me. You know, you're like, wow, like these people really. I mean, I might, because we were busy. Like we got done with the show. We hang out with friends. We went to dinner. I got tired. We went to sleep. And I never got a chance to post. I had about no exaggeration. 25 to 30 matches. What happened? And I'm like, I just answering individually because I never chance to like get on and post you. Yeah, I just went to her page. I went to her page and looked at her stories earlier on. And I could see, oh, yeah, she's got this. And then I knew from there. So yeah, so it was cool. Very cool. But I did want to bring up one thing. That the bothered me about the show. And the show first off was phenomenal. Tyler judged it. And I haven't really had a lot of experience with him. I like him more and more. And I'm retired. So I don't have to kiss us. And I never did when I did. But he, the way he runs the show is phenomenal. The way he speaks to competitors is phenomenal. He's just a very blunt, you know, because he's a hard core wrestler. Like he's not afraid to hurt your feelings. If you're slack enough, like, you know, and I love that about him. It's very, you know, cutting drive. But the thing I didn't like whether show that has nothing to do with him was. We still have promoters treating female bodybuilding and women's physique like the redhead of stepchild. And what I mean by that is he about all these classes. Okay. And every division, I should say all these divisions has class winners and overall winners. Okay. Every single division except for two. Two divisions, no overall winner, no nothing. Now, I think a lot of people might say, well, there's not that many competitors. Well, I think there were seven figure competitors. There was no overall. Yeah. And you have to understand, I know what those trophies cost. They cost nothing. In the grand scheme of what I spent this weekend, paying for friends to come to the show, paying for my kids to come to the show, and during the show, you can afford to spend 50, $70, if you're more trophies, you know, if these big things. And the reason I care couldn't just serve everyone knows, it's not about Nikki winning the show. We don't have a single trophy in our house. She will not hang her metal. It's just not our deal. But it's just the perception that if you want something to grow, you don't treat it as lesser. You know, and I think it's important that people realize that what has started to happen in a sport is you're doing figure, right? And you love to train, you like to get, you know, move some weight. And all of a sudden they're telling you a little too big for figure, sweetie, right? But good news. We got women's physique. And she's like, oh, sweet. She moves up to women's physique. She got a new home. And she's cranking and she gets to do what she loves to do and grow and put on muscle and these things. And then some of those girls hit a point where someone says, Nudge, nudge, I think you do better if you went to open bodybuilding. Yeah. So there's a home for you called Women's Bodybuilding. Well, if we're going to expect to see the pro levels continue to grow, we can't cut them off at the knees at the amateur level. Make it exciting. Maybe people know that you want to see it because I can tell you right now, I was in the crowd. And when done properly, a lot of people were very excited to watch a good women's physique competitor put on a show. You know what I mean? If you've ever watched Dreja on stage, you understand you don't want women's bodybuilding to die. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine never seeing her compete at the level she is now. She would have never developed her physique to the level it is now. You know, had that sport not been here for her. But we're no home for her without it. Right. Yeah. And when think of how she's impacting the sport and other things and you know what's funny. And it's a very nice show. I only messaged one person about this and it was her. Yeah. Because I just, and again, I want people to say it's not about Nikki. I don't care if she wouldn't have won. I would have said the same thing because she went out. She got her thing and then she came around and went, what are you doing? She was, oh, there's no overall for us. And I was like, weird. Okay. So I just found that interesting and I think a lot of promoters should consider it because if I'm in the crowd, and I don't know anything, then I'm like, oh, those are the other divisions are the ones that are popular for the ones they want to support. You know what I mean? Because it was a whole thing. You got to remember, too. Like, so the overall winner was getting one of those bags that are really popular and a trophy thing. And most of the stuff is donated by the sponsors. Right. Yeah. I think that you should, you should definitely have that steam attention. It's not like Nikki didn't pay as much to do the show. Yeah. And that's what I want people to get. And I will say, and just to drive this home, the show was phenomenal. Yeah. In the way they ran it, I mean, she by winning. She won. She got a, one of the things that was part of her win was a completely Blinged out suit from one of the people. That's a grand. Yeah. So I want to make sure people understand, I'm not hammering the show. The show was phenomenal. It's just a small detail that I think goes a long way in remembering that we're trying to grow all of the sports. Because they all kind of feed each other. You know what I mean? And that's a beauty because I don't think that, you know, that like, all, you know, Macaylor or somebody said, I'm going to become a female bodybuilder one day. Which is what you're not about. You know, she just loved the train so much and they said, hey, if you take, keep doing what you love to do, you're going to do pretty decent in women's bodybuilder on an A.K.A.B. One of the best in the world. Yeah. Like, and so she had a home and she gets to keep doing what she wants to do. Because I can tell you what would happen if not. And I don't know this, but this is my thought. I think that she would have left because she loves to train. Why don't she let us compete? Yeah. Yeah. So we wouldn't, we wouldn't get blast to watch her do what she does. Like we are now. We wouldn't know, Drea. You know what I mean? So I really hope that we can kind of get that message out because I can tell you, and I feel the same thing about fitness. I love watching fitness routines. I hate seeing that it's start to dwindle. And I was some of that just lack of people who are able to do that. Right. But you know, we should definitely be fanning the fire of all the divisions. That's all. Well, at least you can get beat up backstage. That's a move. Whoa. Yeah. Why? I'm saying about the show until after. So I gotta go to show this weekend. We'll see. Yeah. I heard all about that. That whole situation over in the UK. And I've always heard that that whole two-brow thing is shady. You know. Oh yeah. There's people that like, there's a lot of control stuff going on over there. I don't know. First Hannah and never met the guy who ran the thing. But everybody I know who's had anything to say about them hasn't had anything nice to say. That's for sure. There's what I will say when the Arnold disconnected from them overseas. Like that's it. Like there was a problem. And there was, there was, there were things I can't mention that I know about that. You're like, oh, this is shady. You know. And then seeing what's down. And I actually don't know the guy that this happened to. But I saw who was vouching for what kind of a person he is. And I'm like, yeah. It's very obvious that he didn't just go in there and look for trouble. And listen, I'm a, I got a decent ego with believing I can handle myself. And at no point do I go, oh, four giant men. I think I'll fight them. Yeah. Because you know, I just recently watched, you know, John Wick. Like, yeah. Like, you know. So I think it's important to realize that. And what I'm excited about is the IFBB did not hide behind it. They immediately posted it. Oh, yeah. They'll be, oh, yeah. They put a thing on their seats. They said, hey, we're investing in what happened. And I think we will see them gone. And I hope from my little bit of research that it helps the competitors over there at the amateur level have a new way to make it to the pros. Because from what I read and someone will correct me if this thing correct. And so, in some places it's the only way to turn pro is to deal with that circus. Yep. Yeah. That's like in the UK you have to go through two bros is that's their version. That's like their NPC. NPC. Yeah. So interestingly, they have so many organizations over their FedEx and Naba and a couple others. And, but two bros is the only way to get to the IFBB. And then even the IFBB guys were kind of like, Larry, when I was at the FedExpo, the IFBB guys, a lot of them didn't want to go there because they didn't. They were afraid that they wouldn't do well, you know, in place things. It wouldn't, politically wouldn't look good to be at another organization's expo. Oh, that's not it. Yeah, that's that's an interesting. We don't have any of that though. I wouldn't be surprised. But honestly, if it was like that here, if we had more competition, you don't I mean, like, but we don't have that. Yeah, I don't know. I'm just grateful for the way it is because you can I think for the most part in our inside everyone wants to see things get better. So yeah, quite some good thing. Well, we had a bunch of listener questions that we did not tackle today, Dusty. There's a there's a in a clips happening right now. Believe it or not. It's not fully yet. Let's check this out. I'm getting updates. Why don't you go check. I don't know if you're going to go look at it. Well, I want to, but here's the thing. This was 20 minutes ago right here. Yeah. And this is now. So it's coming. And I think I heard like three o'clock or something is when it's supposed to be. We got to tie this show out then on the next nine minutes. That gives you time to get there. All right. Let me see if we've got another do we have anything good. What about, uh, oh, I sent you one dusty and I want you to close on that one. I like that one. I was going to say maybe we don't have enough time to cover this one. But I suppose we shall. This is on the, uh, the Dexter Jackson episode. And he says, I just need Scott to take some hard positions. Not the for me personally middle ground spots. What is he what for me, dusty? I love that because, um, you know, my first thought, which I sent to you was Scott. Fine. What is, what is something besides Trader Joe's that you absolutely stand behind that you would say. And and that it can be covered on the show because the weapons behind you can't be covered on this show. Yeah, that's the thing. I mean, they technically can see that I don't want to get political. I try to not get political on the on the podcast because I feel like people who come here. They are coming here because they want to hear us rant or talk about, you know, all these different world things. I'll, I'll tell you what. I think that one thing I, and I will get a little political. I think that we are being controlled. You want me to get serious for a minute, guys? Yeah, really late on you. I, honestly, I genuinely believe that we are being controlled by every source of media that you consume, including this podcast. They are controlling us so that we can deliver the message that they want you to hear. Believe it or not. We added ourselves in certain ways. We, there's words that we don't use and we create a society that is then afraid to use those words because we're not using them. It's controlling. It really is. It's all a big sire up if you ask me, but they, I start saying stuff like that and it sounds, it sounds political and it sounds crazy. I guess I could have went with something really fun. Like, I'm all about McDonald's. I think McDonald's is great handbreakers. How about that one, Dusty? You don't, I feel like eating plastic. I disagree. I disagree on every person. There is, we can stop right there. He disagrees out of me. He didn't say it by opinion. He said, yeah, 100%. No, Dusty, you are wrong. No, everybody go through a phase where they, not every day, but they should go through a phase where they do it McDonald's for every day. So to make doubles, to medium fries, to apple pies, that's going to be your meal free, then a clean meal for, then train, just watch what your pumps are like. You are interesting take that I have. I cover with someone. So they're chicken nuggets. Like, we all know there's not like a lot of chicken and all these other factors with their nuggets. Yeah. And they're so good. They're so good. I don't get it. I don't get it. Oh, dude. So I do the, what's it called the Big Mac meal or something. What it is, it's it's it's two big Macs. No, that's such a different meal. No, this is the, so I get, so it's, it's 20, 20 of the nuggets, two cheeseburgers, two medium fries for like 15 bucks. Oh, so it's a nice deal. And then the big Mac version, the same thing, but there aren't that. So it's two big Macs, two fries. I forgot the other ingredients, but I like those big like meals for multiple people because I'm multiple people. Yeah, you got it. When you're going to McDonald's, you have to order enough food. They think it's for more than just you. They assume that you have somebody in the car that, you know, you're, you're, like if I go with Victoria, they assume like, oh, this is not great. You have to. He's not fat. He's sharing. No, no. He's fat. I like that. That's a good plan. Also, you know, they have a great Sunday if it's ever working. So good to know. I had there something a long time. What about the McFlurry? Is that what you're talking about? You're making Flurry's great, but McFlurry is very expensive. I'm old school. It's just the vanilla soft serve with the chocolate. Yeah, the McFlurry is a little pricey. It's great. McFlurry's great. But I mean, the last time I took Nikki to get one, it was actually I think her last sheet meal this head and January. She got one and when it came out, I was like, how much was that? Like, I got a little judgmental of McDonald's for a moment. I'm like, just happened. So did she get to eat a cheat player a cheat meal after the show? Yeah, she said she had, I mean, you love this in only a competitive one to understand this. She didn't really craving anything terrible and she wanted something a little light. So she actually got like a shrimp salad. Okay. Caesar, like not like healthy, but just something that she like sounded really good. And then she got some pretzel bites, which were like these bigger pretzel things with like a cheese sauce to dip in that were great. And then we got some, I think pork belly nachos, which were great. So we went to, we went to culinary dropout. So very, very heard of it. Yeah, good, good little joint. So how do you taste it? Vains everywhere. I've been exploding. You know, obviously there's stomach felt bloated, but we're actually going to do, we did sushi last night and she'll probably do, we're going to do something clean for one more thing before I leave and then when I get back she's blocked back and I just tomorrow morning should be locked back in, but we got plenty of time. So having a little clean date night for for fun. And then that's it yard house. Our favorite easy go to you know, nice. So but we got to close this out because you need to get upstairs before we miss this opportunity. Yeah, and we're going to work on possibly a live episode next week, guys, right? Because you're, yes, oh yeah, we're in because yeah, we both get back on Monday. So we'll be good to go for Wednesday. So stay tuned for that guys. See, see, to show that I still have a couple, what do you call it reactions in the bank. So we'll use those. Well, you guys are gone. And yeah, yeah, it's just a little house housekeeping there, dusty like that. I like that. Well, one more time is always don't forget I'm mutant calm this week. We're using big Ron 20. If you can't stand Ron dusty 20 still works and remember like share, subscribe comment and Scott and it's all a sign up. It's all a sign up. Oh, and ring the bell. Whoo. It's a sign like this. So that's it and remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding.