There may be a thing you may not have heard of it, it was called a natural Federation where people die and compete with no jokes at all. It's just like the other thing but without the var. Yeah. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McDaley and all of our programming is brought to you by you, the people of Patreon in fact. Patreon member who just asked us a question that we're going to answer today. We got a couple of Patreon questions actually and guys if you're new to our content, let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell. We've got several podcasts that come out each week and all the comments you guys have been doing, all the likes, all that stuff that really has been helping to boost the show. So thank you for that. Let's keep that going. You guys are freaking awesome. We're brought to you by Trinutrition.com. Use our code ThinkSufflementSource.ca for our Canadians and we're brought to you by StromsBortionTrition. Last but not least, EvailBloodNelluses.com. Get your lab worked on by Dave. You like that? This is weird yellow thing in this guy. Did you see the eclipse yesterday? Did you guys have the eclipse over there? Did you have the same sun we have here? I don't know, I don't think so because we never see it. We had the solar eclipse yesterday in Victoria and I set outside and watched it. And it was pretty cool. I'll try to run a picture in here but guess what? I think everybody in the world had an opportunity to see it if they wanted to. We've got a lot of listener questions, Dave, and you just got back from your procedure. Are you feeling alright? You good to do the show today? I don't know. You have to be nice to many of you stressed me out too much of my oven episode. With this new thing that you have, is there a button I can press that will shock you in your heart? No. Like as a practical joke sometimes I just sneak up on you and press the button. Parfall magnets can screw it up apparently. So I have to be careful. You know the security things in shops? Oh yeah yeah. I can go through them but I'm not allowed to stand there and for extended periods of time. What about the airport? Yeah, apparently I can't go through those machines at all. I have to be manually searched. And Bluetooth can screw with it as well apparently. Really? No kidding. So it's not, it's not. It's still like I'm not allowed to have headphones sitting here or things like that. But yeah I don't know. I'm waiting, I get a, it's not a docking station but I get a download station that will sit in the bedroom and basically when I go to bed on the night it will link up and it downloads information from the machine and sends it to my car deal. That's pretty cool. I don't even care in that. Well I'm glad to know that they're keeping on top of it and just to reiterate this procedure was to, because right now they know you're healthy enough to do it and they're like, hey, because of your hard issues, you know, 15 years down the road, you may need this and at that time, who knows how healthy you'll be. So let's get this machine in you now, right? Yeah, it was, it was, it was, it's in. I'm so far, it's mid, far. Mary, yeah, I misunderstood. I thought it was last week or this upcoming week. Another people were saying that too. They're like, so we have a good luck for Friday, big Dave. But guys, it's been done. Dave's back. So anyway, glad to have you back, man. We're glad you're okay. Yeah, fine. I didn't do it. I drove up to Raba Dean for the Grunney Sea show. Did seminar on the Saturday, which was quite good. No rest. That locks to the above three. Three hours, I think that went on for three hours. I told, Molox, did anybody actually listen? I think there was two people. Two, and then one of them, in one of them was your wife, right? One of them was in a wheelchair and he was carried a pit stop so he couldn't go anywhere. Yeah. No, it was all right. I actually wanted to bat it a little self. And then the show was, was very busy on the Sunday in very busy. We had to leave early just because the travel time was seven hours. Okay. Well, listen, but we've got a ton of listener questions. And if you guys want to take part in the next show, then jump right in. Comment with your questions. We'll tackle it on the next show. Plus all your comments and stuff. All those things they helped to boost us in the algorithm, as I mentioned earlier. I wanted to start with this one. If you remember, Dave last week, we had a guy say that he hadn't competed in a long time. I wanted to get back into it falling in love with the idea of prep, but not so much falling in love with gear. He said, hey, if could I run 25 of our with my TNT and just do that and do a contest? And of course, we answer, we're like, hey, you can do whatever you want, really. And if that's what you wanted to do, go for it. I think there is a conversation to be had there. And we kind of got into it about risk to reward. And how high can you go before that risk starts to increase? I think that'll be different for everyone. But we got to comment. We got to get a little bit of a hate or comment, I think. He's, I'm not going to put it up because we're trying to avoid putting doses on the screen. Now it is, he says, nobody is winning any contest under two grams of gear. Stop lying about dosages and just say it. What are you taking? What are you talking about 25 milligrams of var? Who would do that crap? First of all, he said whether he could compete, not all about winning, just being able to compete. And there may be a thing, you may not have heard of it, it was called a natural Federation where people die and compete with no drugs at all. It's just like the other thing but without the var. Yeah. I actually need drugs if you want to compete. Yes, obviously drugs can improve. Yeah, I'm very much of the opinion that drugs don't necessarily improve condition because when you look at Natti's, those boys come in, beiled. Yeah, yeah. They do. They do. They do. The fat loss aspect and I'm going to get to one of our Facebook users. She asked, what was the best fat loss? Well, she said best in a ballic to aid in fat loss. Man, the fat loss is really all about the diet. I mean, the fat burners, they're icing on the cake, you know, planting three all that stuff but you're not going to be able to get there without the diet, the diet, then the cardio, then the other accoutrements. I like that. The quichromalt. Steve. Yeah, I mean. It's, sorry, I take text of life. Yeah, it, I mean, regards that common. I know, a very good pro who, who wouldn't rookie of the year, I'm placed at the Olympia. And I don't believe he had gone over 700 make toll. There are actually, actually, freaks out there. Yeah, yeah. I come back to him. I mentioned that I, you know, so I don't do a ton of contest prep. The reason being is because it takes up a lot of time to do content prep. Yeah, especially the way I do. I'm basically having people checking every day. I enjoy doing it. But I try not to do a ton of prep because I end up just investing so much energy. That said, I could introduce you to two gentlemen that not only won their shows, but won their pro cards at under well under two grams. Like we're talking a gram, you know, one pro cards at that at that level. I agree with him. So it can be done. But not everybody. Those are the individuals. There's a lot of genetics at play. There is a lot of genetics playing that is the big factor. And but there is also a lot of people that just by space of good arguments, just genetics as well. Just aren't capable of putting the hard work. You know, don't want to put the hard work in. And as a result, use drugs as a crutch to say that you need to gram to compete, particularly on a local level or particularly an optional quality file level, would fall me a reflection of your situation rather than everyone else's. And though I don't want to be insulting, if you need to gram to compete and be competitive at a local show, I would certainly be questioning everything else that you're doing. Because that definitely isn't necessary. I've got lots of people to pro qualifiers on lot lower doses. George, wait, present. I've repeated four times naturally in several times not condition was the same. He said muscle mass wasn't. Yeah, I know several pros. I know what they've done. I know what they've currently doing to be competitive. And though they are over the two, they're not massively over the two. Yeah. And these are guys that are reasonable genetics. You need that to be a pro in the first place. But a couple of them are grafting. I mean, they're having a work very, very hard to to be competitive as a pro. He's not being gifted to them in any way. There will always be high users. There will always be those that need a little bit more. But I do think this fallacy that you have to be on grams and grams of gear to be a pro is bullshit. But at the same time, yes, there are drugs. And yes, some people will need more than others. I know you're not standing on an Olympia stage on 800, make a week for 90% of people. Yeah. Yeah. And you can see it too. And I don't want to be labor too much. Because all we don't have like actual proof that we can show people here. We can't like lay it out for him. But Dr. Jackson competed for nearly 30 years. And he couldn't have handled those types of doses for that long. But you do see guys that blast up, right? And they look fantastic. They've got a nice little run for a few years. And then they come back down. There's a reason they weren't able to maintain that as long as Ducks did. You know, they had to do a lot more than Ducks. I know several pros are Ronny St about their doses. And their online formats. They're open, so James something to say. He's a YouTuber. All very open about what they use and how much they use. And I'm not lying. Yeah. Anyway, I just wanted to pick that guy out. Because, you know, he's in part, he's in part right. But he's also in part not right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. No, I think. You know, there is there is there is there is not a requirement that it happens. And plenty of people do. There's no denying that. But it is not an essential requirement. There are those that can be very competitive up to a decent level on quite low doses. Mark Joyce, I have to be pro. Very low user. No, he's one of the dwarf classes. So he needs to 12. Okay. Okay. All right, listen. Let's move on to some questions we can give people tangible answers to you. Does, and we'll get back to the female and a pilot question. How about this one though? Does scar tissue relate to the length of the needle or the diameter if both? Which is more inflammatory? The broader the needle, the more initial scar tissue you're going to create because you disturbing a large circumference of muscle muscle. Length of needle isn't the issue depth of injection. Obviously the deeper you go into the muscle, the more muscle you're going to disrupt. So therefore there's a longer scar. But the length of needle has no correlation to the depth of needle in essence. You could put an inch needle in court range. You could put an inch needle in three quarters of an inch same needle, bigger scar from three quarters of an inch depth. Scat tissue is more the repetition of the site than directly the needle size to an extent. Yes, a slim pin is going to be much less impacting than a green. But I would say that the biggest influence factor is you, siege of the site. Yeah, yeah, the like the frequency, I would agree with that. And there's a trade off, if you have say a 23 gauge, when you press that oil in the pressure of that oil entering the muscle is going to be a lot lower than say a 29 gauge insulin pin. And if you think about a garden hose, think about like no nozzle and the water pouring out of that. Versus if you put your fingers over it, then point it at Dave, you know, which I would do that totally right now as a number. Yeah, if we were in the backyard. No, I agree. And that is something to factor in is, is disruption to the tissue due to the velocity, the pressure of of the oil that's coming through. You know, I mean, high-powered jet washes will take pain off things. So I mean, I know we're not using a high-web, but the point is pressure does have an impact at the end of the needle in the muscle. So, but Scotty should be broken down. Uh, deep tissue work is going to remove a lot of scar tissue. Uh, so it's not something that needs to be a permanent state of life. So good. I was just going to say the same classification. Calcification will occur as well. And again, that can be broken down with deep tissue work. Yeah. I used glutes only two shots a week from my first couple cycles. And I noticed I started building up scar tissue and I started getting the like the rose crispies, the snap crackle pop, you know, and I backed off of those sites for a while. And it did heal. Like it took time, but it did heal. You know, so I do believe that you can help that to recover to some extent. And I probably caught it early enough. You know what I mean? If you ignore that, you keep trying to put it in the same spot over and over again. I think you're in for your in for trouble. I think volume of oil has something to do with it, too. You know what I mean? Like if you're doing 3CC shots in that muscle, I do think that that's going to take longer to recover than if you're doing, you know, go extreme a half CC. You know what I mean? Hmm. Yeah. I think volume plays a role. I mean, you're disturbing the tissue with volume of oils. Oh, I was a, yeah, you know, an impact. And how steady is your hand? Especially for new guys. If your hand is kind of like shaking and moving all around, you're going to get a lot more pain after that after that administration, you know. Sure. All right. What else do we have here? Dave, love the information in contents. Do you all think that the ECA stack is good for fat loss? And if so, what dose will be recommended or recommended or even spot injections of your him buying in clan? Would these be good for stubborn fat areas like love handles? No, I don't. The only thing I know that will spot reduce is BGF2A. I thought there was, so plan, you'll hand-bank combo in an injection is non-none's helios. I thought my understanding is that there is some level of localized effect. Though you are getting a systemic effect once it enters your bloodstream. It's not just staying here. Yeah, but I understand it is that there is, but it's not right. So say you had fat at lower stomach. And you inject in the left hand side of your fat of your lower stomach. You may get a slight reduction in fat in that very small localized area, but you're not losing fat from across the stomach. Yeah, okay. Yeah, you guys might get rid of it. So people grid it out usually once there's one inch of part. Yeah, but that's not using helios is it? That's using the the other stuff, the fat dissolving shots. No, with helios meaning like if you grid it out and then you do a daily administration, you're supposed to go no closer than two inches to the navel. And then but you go say two inches out from the navel, then three inches out the next day, four inches out the next day. You know what I'm saying? You kind of grid that out. Is what I've seen people do? I wouldn't look okay. Well, if people have experienced noticeable fat loss, specific to that area, then fair enough, but I wouldn't have thought that they would have been a total fat loss. And it wouldn't have been overly specific if you're talking about one shot in a two inch area every day over. I mean when you do the fact is all being shot, it's one shot every two inch every couple of days. Okay. For every week. So you'd you'd grid it out, but you'd actually do a shot in every two inch grid each time. Oh wow. So you're doing multiple administrations in that same day. Yeah. And that's specific to dissolving fat. So I can't see there being a huge localised impact from nearly else by doing it in the form of one shot per day. But I mean, if you need to put it in somewhere, why not? I'll say to be in an issue. Yeah. I'm more of a fan. I've only used it with clients a few times. Every time that I've used it, it's because they've had it and they told me that they wanted to use it. It's never been something where I've been like, oh, you should pick this up. We should use this. It's somebody who already had it. They wanted to use it. I generally go with oral. And at the end of the day like I was saying, you're going to get a systemic effect once you've taken that shot anyway. We do have to keep in mind. And this is just from a dieting standpoint that we all have trouble areas that there's generally for men. Love handles, lower stomach, those areas tend to be more of the problem areas. And for women, a lot of times like the hips, the glutes, the hamstrings. And those will usually be the last areas to go in order to get rid of that fat. You have to keep dieting. You know, these things, whether they may help or not, I've never relied on them. I've gotten people to the point that those areas have gone, but they're going to be the last spot to go. And they're usually going to be the first spot to come back to. Once you get rid of it, even if you look peeled everywhere else, once with a client, once I've gotten rid of their trouble spots, then my brain is locked in on those trouble spots when we start filling back out. You know, I want to watch your lower back. If you have a hard time getting your lower back in shape, I want to make sure that like, okay, you might have your abs still. You might even have veins in your abs still. But I'm keeping an eye on what's that lower back doing, because that's going to be, at the end of the day, we're only as lean as our fattest area. Do you find though that when someone's got truly lean, particularly if they've held it for a number of weeks, that those trouble areas are much less troubling moving forward? That's a good question. And I think this, so I think that, yes, they still can be that like if you, if you're predisposed to have low back fat more than somebody else that you're probably still going to always get that. But I have seen this where somebody's maybe they've not been on anything, right? They're completely natural. And they have fatt deposits based off of how their hormonal setup is. Then they go on gear. And I think that those fatt deposit, like that stuff can change to some degree. Meaning, you never come back off. You're not on TRT after the cycle. You may store fatt differently than you had previously. There may be something to that just based off of what I've seen. But I still see that even if it does change to degree, if you're low back as a problem, you've got a lot of fatt cells there. You're probably always going to have them there. Unless you got them sucked out. You know? I found when you take clients super lean and maintain that for a period that in general, their predisposition to gain in fat does seem to change a little bit. You tend to be at a hold, condition a lot easier. Yes. Once you've got that initial deep cut out of the way. But it's already at that deep cut because obviously when you've carried fat for a long time, you'll get to a certain level and then it does get you have to be so much more extreme to get it really down. Or you need to hold that level for a period of time to make that become the normal baseline and then push again from there rather than trying to do it in one continuous drop. Yeah. I would agree that once you get rid of it, it's easier to keep it off than it is to get it off. There's no question. All right. One of the common questions we get asked by you guys is, what would you do differently with your body building if you could go back in time? Given all the experience and education I have today, there's a number of things that I would have done differently. One of them is that I would have started using collagen sooner. Collegin is one of the few supplements that will actually rebuild connective tissue. It took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program. I used true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef collagen. I get the unflavered version. I pay for it myself. Just like you guys do, I used 20 grams a day. Makes it into my coffee. It's totally unflavered. You don't even taste it. Plus, I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin. Creatin has been shown to improve brain health, especially for the aging brain. I need that. And of course, you know, we've always known about the muscle building effects. So this is my morning routine every day and I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. Use our code. Thank for savings. Plus, it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard. Otherwise, they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app. Do it. Alright, finished in 18 weeks cycle 650 test and HCG at a thousand IU per week plus an AI. He says as Astridal was 350 P.M. and I managed to drop it. Last bloods were mid-range. I plan to jump on TRT. I struggle to maintain and arrest sometimes. I feel like loss of sensitivity. I don't have the same libido as pre or during cycle. What would be wrong now considering the bloods look perfect? Thanks for the education. So he said his E-suggestion is fine. What's his testosterone model? He doesn't say. He says last bloods were mid-range. What was he talking about? Ishajim before that? So was he saying each of his mid-range or what? My Astridal was around 350 P.M. and I managed to drop it. I don't know what he means. My managed to drop it. Well, I'm assuming that when he was on cycle, is Ishajim was 350 which is just around double top end P.M. And then he's taken the AI and brought it down. But the relevance is where Ishajim, where Ishajim testosterone now. And free test. Yeah. So that is a number as we need to know before we can really comment on that question to be fair. All right. Can you get a female pregnant while on testosterone or maybe with the SCGT-HCG2? He says ORTRT. You can definitely get a female pregnant while on cycle. I've done eight twice. You've done it. You were on gear bolt-times. Were you on full-blown cycle cycles? Oh yeah. Yeah. Full-blown cycles. No, can't get it. Degger as well. Deker too. There ain't no stopping Dave when he wants to get a job done. That's all he got. So two explaining the processes. Are you going to explain the process of how you made babies? Yes. Because that's not for the show day. That's the different program. You get your finger and you stick it in the real. And you wiggle it about a bit. And that's how you make babies. So in a natural individual obviously, FSH and LH come down from the Ptoot. LH stimulates test, FSH stimulates perm production. Testosterone levels within the testes are extremely elevated in comparison to circulate in blood levels. I think it's about 50 times. Okay. Testosterone itself can stimulate the stiritori cells to produce sperm. So when you go on cycle, obviously your signal hormones stop working. But you have elevated testosterone levels. And that elevation and circulate in testosterone can still stimulate the stiritori cells to produce sperm. I would argue from experience, not scientifically, but from experience, that maintaining healthy level of testosterone via TRT would probably be more beneficial towards fertility than having a very low testosterone level because you've come off and you've failed to recover. Because at least having circulate in testosterone levels will aid sperm production through that direct stimulation. The reason you use HcG alongside TRT is because it increases something known as ITT, which is inter-testicular testosterone. Hence, creating a more positive environment for testosterone to stimulate the stiritori cells to produce sperm. If you want direct stimulation of those cells, you need HMG. I've worked with the number of clients who, um, when I say a number, it's under five who have unintentionally gotten there, lady, or some girl they're asleep in with pregnant during a cycle, unintentionally, and then I've worked with a number of guys who have intentionally wanted to and worse successful as well. Guys who had been using gear long-term, some of them were able to still stay on and get it done while using HcG. Others came off in ran HcG, Cloman, or HcG, Cloman, and HMG as well. Yeah, I mean, there's no, I don't think there's a fixed right way with this. I've seen, I've helped a few people with fertility protocols, and I would say the same number that have done a PCT, um, have managed to sustain some fertility in the same way that those have gone on TRT. The only thing I will say is that if you do PCT and it's unsuccessful, then there may be a problem actually creating the act in the first place if your test is stupidly low levels, because you're not going to be able to do it physically. John Meadows talked about that when he was trying to get his wife pregnant, and he said that he was struggling because his test was so low, he just wasn't interested, so it's definitely not going to happen if your guys aren't doing the D. Yeah, so that there is definitely, so don't think that TRT is a deaf sentence to fertility, it's not. In certain areas, it can actually be a positive move towards fertility, but the way I always look at it is if you want to try a PCT and recovery, do that first. If that's not successful, then what have you got to lose by going on TRT, at least you're going to feel about it. Yeah, and I'm a big advocate of getting your sperm checked if this is what your goal is. You want to find out what's going on. A lot of times guys are like, well, I'll just get on all these different compounds and stuff. I would prefer to find out first. What's going on? Where are your sperm levels? If they're in the crapper, then we could start a protocol. Then maybe four weeks, six weeks later, let's check again and see, well, is this stuff helping? Because there's another aspect to this. Let's say that we tweak everything out. Your sperm is like super sperm now, right? You still have to rely on, you're only covering 50% of the equation. You have an entire other human being that also needs to be in the optimal position. And that was just, okay, yeah, Victoria, that's where her group wheelhouse is, is helping women and man, a lot of times that's even trickier. I was just going to say, I've had a few people where they've been struggling with fertility and they've done several protocols to try and improve assuming that it was them that was causing the issue because of their steroid use. And it turns out it wasn't, it was their partner that was just wasn't in a position to be able to become pregnant, not them. Yeah. All right, let's see what else do we have here. How about this one from Max Payne? He says, uh, hi's gotten Dave. I plan to do a cycle and then TRT. PCT doesn't help to keep muscle for me. Hmm, what would be the minimum TRT dosage to keep muscle and what would be your maximum TRT dose that you would go to and why? He says he's 84 kilograms around 15% body fat. TRT dose is specific to where your levels are. So for most people, I would start them on 60 milligrams of testi or sip twice a week and then after six weeks, I would test levels and see where they are sitting. I would be aiming for someone to be somewhere around the 20 to 24 and more if we're talking new K. That seems to give the best balance for benefit against managing negatives like look thing they're in the age DL. At that level of body weight, I would suggest that if he's losing size when he comes off cycle or he's needing to run TRT, a buff range in order to maintain size, the problem is not. These hormones, the problem is his diet or his training. Because I've maintained very high levels of mass with legit regular TRT. I wouldn't maintain them for long term but I'd definitely maintain them for a long enough break between cycles. They'd be very little loss. So if you're dropping tons of size and we've covered this loads of time. There isn't TRT for muscle size. There is just TRT. People will come up with sports, TRT and all this and it's just bullshit. They are just excuses to death more drugs because they're insecure and scared of losing muscle. There is no justification over the one thing to use more drugs for longer periods of time and wanting to dress it up in a way so you don't have to admit that you are using high level of drugs that it's effectively anything above a TRT dose which is a dose that puts you at an optimum natural range. That's where a TRT dose is. His walk puts you at an optimum natural range so there's no prequel. It can be very different. I've known guys need high as 300 milligrams. I have no guys need as low as 80 milligrams. It is very much down to the individual but the average tends to be somewhere between 100 and 150 milligrams a week. How do you do with that? If you want to use more that's fine. You can use more that's your choice. It's your body you can do it the fuck you want. I don't have an issue with that. What I have an issue with is dressing or those increased doses has being some form of TRT. They are not. They are a low cycle. It is a very low cycle but they are still a low cycle. TRT is that it is testosterone replacement therapy. It is a therapeutic dose that replicates natural levels. So there is no dose to maintain more muscle mass. TRT is just TRT. That's a standalone entity. If you need to run higher levels of drugs to maintain more muscle mass, then I would start to question your training and your diet efficiency. There are people with very high levels of muscle mass above their natural baselines that will need to run higher dose to maintain that for a prolonged period of time. But not an age 3 kilos or an age 5 kilos. That's where I was going. There is something on the diet and training that you can't maintain. Question them for him. What are you defining as muscle? You are on cycle. You are on cycle. You immediately gain 8 pounds in the first two weeks. Then from there you gain a pound or two every week and you are up 20 pounds. After you come off cycle are you dropping 8 10 pounds out the gate but you are still 8 pounds up? Or did you drop 20 pounds? Because the reality is that the weight that you gain isn't really necessarily muscle. You are going to get more partitioning into the muscle of glycogen or fluid retention. All of that. And that is just temporary. Whether you are on to your tier not that is going to go away when you come back down to normal levels or come off. Yeah. I mean I can fully appreciate an argument where PCT isn't sustaining size because you are not recovering. If you do a cycle to a PCT and you don't recover and you have got low test level yes you are going to drop muscle tissue. That is definitely a given. But if you are going on TIT all you need to do or all you should need to do is replicate natural levels. And even someone who is 56 to pound above baseline should be able to hold the vast majority of any muscle tissue they have gained for 10 to a week before they start seeing any sort of negative dip. If everything else is on point unless there is something just particularly unique about you as an individual when it comes to genetics and muscle mass. I have seen people hold muscle for very extended periods of time with legit TIT dosing, upwards of 6 months plus. But for most people what I have seen is around the three month mark you may see a little bit dip in performance and most people are definitely going back on at that point anyway. I will give a really great example of a guy who just did his first cycle. So we worked together. He competed last year in our state championships here in Michigan. He did it naturally in classic and he did really good in the novice division. I can't remember where he placed in open. Conditioning was awesome. Obviously, the problem is his first show. He wasn't as big as the guys that were at the top of that class. He decided after this contest season I wanted to do a cycle. But I wanted to compete naturally first. I wanted to get a good foundation. So we get his test levels checked before he does a cycle. Testosterone isn't great. It is lower end of normal. We do the cycle and now he's come off. He's done his PCT. We're I believe four weeks after PCT is over. We're going to wait another four weeks and then we're going to get his labs done again. But he's feeling good and get this. So he is still gaining now after the cycle is over. We were able to go. He wasn't fat. He's still not fat now. He's still see the outline of his abs and everything. He is like in the upper 190s and each week now we're still going up about a pound every week, every week, every week and he is a good month after PCT is over. So like because he's at a lower weight. I think he can keep doing that. Had he been 260, I wouldn't see him going up a pound going up a pound. You don't even know? No, no, no. Yeah, I mean if you're 60, 80 pound above where your baseline was when you started then obviously I agree that there can be an increased need for hormones to be elevated to maintain that. But even then even guys are quite away above their baseline, you know, natural muscle levels. They'll usually hold muscle for a couple of months before they start seeing any degradation. Yeah. All right, how about this one? This was a response to some stuff we were talking about last week. He says, mast sucks. Don't understand all that like it. It adds zero muscle for me and it makes me feel, it makes me very flat, just awful. I've never found a, my response to him Dave, I've never found a compound that actually is like anabolic that actually makes you flat. I'm just wondering if it's an eachageen level issue. That could be an interesting point. That's the only thing I can think of. Yes, it is an eachageen level issue. It's that the research is going to go as we've discussed in the past on paper, mast is a stir. So it doesn't lower history of blocks receptors, but in reality, I don't know, vigorous stravis, as got documents, you know, as got evidence on this as well from the in person. I do see mast's lower some people's issue. Yeah, I've seen it for some, for sure. Yeah. So it's definitely is capable of lowering history. And it may be theness individual that that's what's happening andization is going to load. It's why he's not getting much in the way of gains and he's feeling flat. Yeah, I guess that would be a possibility. What in the, hmm, all right, what else do we have here? I think we had a couple of petro questions. Yeah, Patreon question here from Diego. He says, what would be the ideal rest time between sets? And are there breathing techniques that I should consider? Breathing techniques. Breathing techniques, Dave. You know, like the thing you do with your lungs? Well, for listered. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe he means like between sets. Maybe he means like, should I be doing something specific? I don't know, Dave. I'm going to tighten a breathing technique between sets. But I would say you want to keep doing it. Yeah, that's recommended. Yeah, I read that. I had a bad habit of holding my breath on the centric to the point where I've even gone a bit because I've got to breathe, especially when you've got those last grinders, you know what I mean? And I always found if I was on something that was good being a particularly slow rep for whatever reason, beat deliberate or beat because it was a last grinder and it was ever. The point where I had to take a breath, I was a sudden dropping power at that point. But in between, I would just suggest that you regularly or breathe in as quickly as you can. You want to get away from a pungentid state into a controlled, regulate, breathe and say it's quick as you can. And a lot of that's going to be down to your cardiovascular fitness as well. But yeah, I've always tried to control my breathing in a sense of deep and control breaths, but never actually used any sort of technique for that. It's just been a case of trying to get breathing back to a recovery point. How about, Kyle Becker says, square breathing? I think Kyle means like box breathing. Yeah, I mean there's that, that will help with all sorts of things, including stress and anxiety as well. But he's, you know what, I just realized I had got actually got some at lined up for for Uncle Dave's and I've forgotten it. Did you write it down? Did it, Bollocks? Dave, you're supposed to write these things down. Yeah, I went through it, I mean, I didn't know that, all right, good one, I've forgotten. Yeah, Kyle's talking about box breathing. And it's interesting because this, it'll completely, it's great. Like this will basically, it's the equivalent of like restarting the hard drive, like a hard, hard restart on your computer. I don't know if I necessarily do it between sets. But I do. I'm not sure that's going to be particularly recovery beneficial between sets. It will, it will lower heart rates and stuff. But I think post set you wanting to get decent levels of oxygen in. So I would just be a case of good solid deep, regulate it breathing, rather than the box. Box breathing I use in, and basically it's going to affect the sympathetic nervous system and and bring you down, you know, release that fighter flight, get you down into that rest and digest and it man, it works amazingly. Like if I'm under anxiety of any type, I use it. When I do any type of like shooting competition or I take a class where you're on the timer, there's a lot of pressure on you know, which it's intentional. They put that pressure on you because then it's harder to like do intricate movements with your hands and be able to keep track of counts and numbers. So when you get ready, I start box breathing and I'll run through an entire cycle and it exactly is Kyle saying you, they have little gift or gifts. What do you call it? Jeff or a gift. Dave, the little pictures that move on the internet. I think it's a gift. I don't know. Guys comment, comment and tell me because I really don't even freaking know. But it's like a moving little picture for, you know, four seconds. It's a fork or a fork count inhale, fork count hold, fork count exhale, fork count hold. Even the Navy seals use it before they like bust in and like you know, do some crazy Navy seal stuff. So are you going to use this before you go mad in the mini version of Kildoza? Want, want, want, want. Dave, my goal is to save humanity. Let me tell you that. But it does work. Do you do, I know you've talked about meditation. Do you do box breathing ever? I don't. I tend to just do a regular, control breathing count. But the principles, exactly the same, the idea of the box breath is that because you hold it. Yeah. It throws you out of your natural instinct to try and take a breath and, and there's fraud you out of an instinctual rhythm and creates a forced rhythm that then means everything comes down and you get control of it. I mean, generally speaking post-working sets I was usually Kildoza's it's get like gift but without the tea. So it's a gift. I, I would usually find the last thing I had at the end of a work in set was any level of anxiety. I was food. You know, I mean, I was just, yeah, I wanted oxygen. Just trying to catch your breath. Yeah, but there was, there was no level of height in this at that point. I was just like, fuck, fuck, I wait, self-made. Yeah. All right. How about this one from Luke over at Patreon? He says, I was doing flat bench. And he's a new Patreon subscribers. So thank you very much for your support, Luke. He says, I was doing flat bench back in October of 2023 and I felt something in my shoulder rip. It sounded like paper tear. Turns out it was a hundred percent rupture of the super spinatus in my left shoulder. I had a super spinatus tear in 2022 or 2021, I think. It wasn't a complete rupture. Thankfully, and I healed it. He said, I had the surgery on 12 27, 23 and it was released to begin to push again. But I am starting over or at least it feels like I'm starting over. I started for I use of generic growth about two weeks after the surgery been on that daily ever since. So my question is adding in a load dose of anovar to assist healing alongside with the growth. He says, I'm a 160 T or T per week. Also, I'm 37 years old for information. He says, love the show. Thanks again, Luke. Right. The day was December last year was that when he had the surgery. Yeah, so yeah, 12 27 here, the procedure done and was just released to begin to push again. Right. Um, that seems a long recovery. I know it's quite a complex area of the body, but it's a four four months. Yeah, that was really pretty enough. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I, I, with any of the tears I've re-hubbed, I found it was, I mean, yeah, it will help. But I found the problem with any of the chemical adressions was that they helped the tissue recovery, but didn't necessarily mean that everything was strong. And I still needed to go through the extra high size rehab to build up the strength of the component that I'd recovered, but it was killer or standard. Yeah. So I, I did very much, I started with higher sets of say 30 reps, lightweight and then be daily or weekly or biweekly depending on what it was. I was working on, I would reduce the rep by one or two and increase the weight by a very small amount. So gradually over a period of three, four months, I got back into working weight. And because it's, it's volume of load that's going to strengthen a tender. He's not necessarily, though the drugs will help the, the, the tissue, everything knit together and be repaired. He's not going to build that integral strength without exercise. That's where it needs. I mean, this is on on a no next size tendon and a ballics will actually weaken it, but what stops it from the, the caveat of this, the trade off of this is in every tendon rupture in anabolic tendon you are, I'll, Sarah uses, they've never seen a weak intended. But when they add anabolic to a tendon in a petri dish, it weakens the tendon and the reason is exercise. So the anabolic allows us to move more load, which means the, the tender gets more stress and gets stronger. So in an actual exercise format with anabolic use, yes, you see tendon and take the to increase, but it's the exercise that is creating that tendon and drink to increase. When you use anabolic tendon and anonic exercise format, it actually weakens it. Which is why if you look at some of the early steroid warnings, it was steroids where we contend and increase the risk of muscle tests. When actually it's the exercise combined with the anabolic and allowing you to use more load from the anabolic that has a net increase in tendon integrity. So the anabolic is not going to have a huge impact on the recovery in that sense, but it will allow more load to be moved quicker, which will help with tendon integrity. So the key factor there is the training, so I would get back to physical rehab as quick as possible because that's the thing that's going to make the big difference. Yeah, so one thing I didn't understand until I tore my super spinatus was that it's those therapy exercises that are supporting the structures that allow you to do the overhead movements that allow you to train your shoulders and those were the things that I wasn't dealing with before. Yeah, that's like one of them. You know, definitely Dave's doing the the old school rotator cuff exercise. Yeah, yeah. You know, and so what I ended up doing was I worked. I found three or four exercises that worked really good for me. One of my favorites, I don't know if you guys have seen this, you use a short band between your arms so that we have to pull it apart just slightly and then you go up against a wall with a foam roller and then you roll the foam roller up and down and oh my god, that was my absolute favorite hit me up Luke if you want me to show you a demo on that exercise. I've got a good one and I think I have a few videos that I have saved privately on the channel that I just sent to my eyes. Yeah, I'll be careful Luke of what pictures he sends you. Yeah, not those videos, that's on my own fans guys. That's just completely different description. Subscribe to the description service. Go be picked to the D in that said. Just be careful. So you're absolutely right, you nailed it and I worked those things in as part of my shoulder exercise. So instead of like going in and saying okay, I'm going to do push, which is going to be chest and shoulders, I do the traditional overhead press lateral raises. I would start out with those movements first. Also supplement wise. I don't know if he's using collagen. That's when Dante turned to me on to collagen. I started using true nutrition. Hydrolyzed beef collagen. I used 30 grams a day for like the first six months. Now I back down I used 20, but I use that every day, makes it in my coffee. And I also am using or had used during that time you see two. Not the movie you see two, but under, not under construction, but it's under nature type two collagen. So hydrolyzed beef collagen, you get type one in type three collagen, which are two of the things that will actually help to rebuild connective tissue. And then under nature type two collagen is the third form that you don't get through using collagen supplement. So those are the things you really want to get in your body. And then the anofar, what would you think? Would that be a good move then with all of this stuff in play? I'd find the anofar more soft tissue than to tend to relate it so I think it would help more with it a most military rather than a tendent damage, but it definitely won't do any harm. I'd also be considering BPC. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's a good move too. Oh, it's my timer. Oh, God. You've got your phone on in the pot. Cost. Oh, we upset children. Don't we disappointed we've got. Yes, everybody. Tell us how disappointed you are. All right. I think that was about it. There were a couple more, but we usually can't get to all of them. Dave, I know that you've been working long and hard and that you had a great uncle, Dave's advice for us today. You wrote it down because it was so important to share it with the show. Didn't you? I did have a really good one. You know, I'm tilted. I've really was proud of yourself. I was proud of myself. I actually couldn't even want to know. I've been to make it up on the spot. You're going to remember it. You're going to remember it too like three minutes after we get off the air. It will be three o'clock in the morning. I'll be starting the bog of it. It's a shit or something. It will just pop into my head. So, I'm going to say something. I'm not sure what it is yet. No, I'm not. I'm formulating it. No, I have a thing. It's not that I don't know what it is. It's how I say it in the right way. Okay. So, I've been in the Bodly Building World. Thirty six years. Okay. Metal a lot of people. Metal a lot of amazing physics. Thank you. Thank you. Unfortunately, not met as many amazing human beings. I've also been fortunate to know a lot of very successful financial people, but not as many successful human beings. I think we live in this, we're in this constant drive to be the better you, the better me. But that usually involves around us being better financially or better visually. And we don't seem to focus on being the better version of you as an actual person. And I think we get our balance theory heavily screwed a lot of the times and sometimes we get to the point where we have made great physique success or progress and great financial success or progress. But actually that can be at the cost of being the better person and being the better individual. And I think very often we neglect ourselves. You could say we don't nurture our souls. We don't nurture our spirits. Probably sounds a bit too hippy-fired for me, but I think people get what I'm going with it. You know, there is, yeah, pursue your dreams, pursue your materialistic dreams. I have no issue with someone who being successful financially and being rich, crack on mate well done. Pursue the best physique you can do. Great. But never let it be at the cost of you as an individual remain your morals, remain your integrity. Keep your honour. Too many people are too willing to sell their souls or their friends or their family to achieve financial gain. I'm not going to be wrong. There's always going to be sacrifice if you want to be the top of your tree. But you don't have to sell yourself. I like that. I think that that's really a good one. I can think of people offhand to me, fit that where I've seen like, oh wow that person is really successful, but man, I don't want to be that person either. You know what I mean? Like I know what they've done to get where they're at and the way they treat people and I'm like man, I wouldn't trade that if I had to treat people that way. I mean, I mean, I met a woman at the phoenix expo and it was business to business. I could she was selling a bag called an exercise brick. Quite a little weak concept and they bolt together to make multi-packs and everything else. And she was definitely an older lady. Very, very nice woman. And we were talking about business and we were talking about business growth and business development. And particularly we were talking about e-viles growth and development and how I I mentioned that e-viles are company as within our employees as a very strong family sort of core and family feel. You know, we know the people that work for us, their friends, you know, and we all get on. And I said I didn't want to lose that and she said she had a business with over 400 employees. She knew every individual one of them. She gets a great got difficult at that number employees but she knew every individual one of them. She sold that company for several, maybe even been something like 40 million. It was a big number. Good for her. But the point was this was somebody who was incredibly financially successful run a very successful company but never lost sight of who she was. And she was lovely. She was intriguing, amazing, interesting and unsuccessful all at once. You know, and it's just like, you know what, that's someone I can look up to. That's someone I could aspire to be. Whereas I know people who are very financially well-off, that are just shit. That's beautiful. I think we all do. I think we all do, you know. It's really amazing when you can find somebody that was able to stay true to themselves. You know, it brings me reminds me of when we were at the Arnold Andrea Shaw mentioned some advice that Jay Cutler gave her that stood out. And then Ron repeated it multiple times that weekend because it really stuck with him and it really stuck with me too. He said, don't go changing on people. Like be the same person, be who people expect you to be. If you've done gasposings for free for this person, then you keep doing gasposings for free for that person. It's just who you are. That's just what you've done. You know, you don't just go changing on people and you can still make the money you need to make. Jay's been living proof of that, you know. Zack's a great example of that. There's a guy who's been at the top of the game and he's still the same idiot he was there as he is now. I love his cool guy. I absolutely love Zack for it. You know, I mean he hasn't changed one fucking bit and I love him to bits for it. I really do. I I class there's not many people in this industry. I class is true friends. I know a lot of people. I've met a lot of people. Yeah, obviously I work in a podcast with a complete dick, but that's just a pain I have to go through. See Dave says that to the people he likes. If he if he was like, yeah, scats are okay. Guy, I'd be like, oh God, Dave must not like me very much. He's totally normal. Yeah, yeah, that was the like you. Zack, Zack, I have all the time in a world for. Yeah. Yeah, he seems like a really cool dude. People actually mentioned last week they're like, hey, you guys should get Zack back on sometime. Yeah, that'll get his bond again. Yeah, yeah. I had some other questions about British stuff. We can hold off on that. Just, you know, I always have various questions to learn more about, you know, my heritage where my people came from before we decided to leave your people. We can get to that another time. And what else did we have? We had some, we had just a few other random bits and Bob's. Oh, somebody did mention they said they just watched under construction for the first time. He said it watched under construction one into a few months back. Absolutely loved any chance of a director's cut wish they were longer. He said he and he'd like a bloopers reel. Do you were there any good bloopers from the movie that you remember? Yeah, to have to speak to Jim. So email JG film services at gmail.com and speak to James. I've sort of wanted to do a three. Really? Yeah, just where we are now. Just where we are now. You know, but James, I don't think James has the appetite for it. I mean, the the films took a toll on both of us in different ways. And I think he's quite literally probably a bit. He kind of moved away from a lot of it too. I think he's been more into guitars and stuff last time. Yeah, he still does the film work and everything, but I think he knows it's to do it just this is going to take a real commitment. And I think he's almost intimidated a little bit by that now because I get it because it I say it took a big toll on both of us in different ways and the hundreds, thousands of hours of footage yet to edit. Yeah, God. Yeah, to to I mean, where am I? Two was filmed over 18 months. There was a she-load of content. Yeah. So there's gotta be some there's gotta be like two more movies within that if you wanted, you know. Yeah, I'm sure if you wanted to string out, we could definitely go with Buffy's son, but he doesn't want. He also doesn't want to dilute the quality of of what we produce, which yeah, I though I don't like the second film in a lot of ways. I had not because it's not because of the production, you know, I mean, I had to do great his production and I do great what he produced. But yeah, I had so wouldn't mind doing a third just a sort of where we are now and you know, talk about Eval and not the health stuff and everything else that's gone on. I'm not sure if it was B as hard it's in. Yeah. And also probably a bit more get to know me as a person sort of film. Yeah, I would watch it. I think that all of our listeners would watch it. Even if he had some excerpts that he wanted to put out on the channel, I think that people would want to watch that. I did have one other thing I forgot about. So I'll tell you what. Yeah, guys, true nutrition.com user code thinks Trump sports nutrition for those you in the UK supplement, source.ca for Canadians, Eval blood analysis, get your lab were done by Dave. And next week we're going to talk about this. This guy got 30 seconds here, Dave, and then we'll leave. So this is your cliffhanger because we're going to discuss this on the next show. Enjoy magazines. Then download readly and try it free with over 1,500 magazines for 7 pounds 99 a month. Have your favorite magazines on your screens anywhere anytime anyone readly for everyone. Wait for it. Who is that? Share it or keep it to yourself. Online offline or you can come and see me. This is that guy. We'll talk about that next week, guys. We're another episode of the Dianstuff podcast. We'll see you soon. Thanks, Dave. pleasure.