I had that exact NPC shirt. The black one was a clean gray logo. I didn't cut the neck out of it though. I still just got on with T-shirt. I didn't want to mess it up. That was like my dress. That was my that was a good t-shirt. Yeah, yeah. That's a good show. Yeah. We're here with jeans and going out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My good shirt. Hey everybody. Welcome to It's just bodybuilding reacts. Big Ron part low dusty hands shot. The producer Scott McNally. Remember I am mutant calm get your ice of surge get your all in. Everyone should get on the gear 20% off with dusty 20 or big Ron 20 like share subscribe comment and the bell. And we're off to the races. What have we got Scott? We have something. I don't think I've ever seen this before. But you've seen it. You just said it had been quite a while since you saw it. Yeah. Dorian Yates upper body 96 battle for the Olympian other MOC video. Okay. So here we are. He's training at Beves. He's training with Steve. So Steve still like pretty big here. He's like a big dude here. He's like 300 pounds. And Dorian's ready. Here's a game face. Hey, the game faces on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Beves was still a gold's gym back then. Remember before powerhouse he was a gold originally. And so this was the first battle for the Olympia video. Mrs. Mitsero's first year doing these. And I believe Dorian was the final segment because he's only four days out and they always tended to go in order like how he felt it. They got close to the show. Dorian is I believe the final guy before the end of the video. What do we got for sound here? Missed what I had to do. Oh, he's talking. So I'm definitely looking to be improved on last year. Hopefully the same condition. Probably three or four pounds heavier. Probably see more solid in all the right places which is going to make a big difference to the overall appearance. So I'm pretty happy the way things have gone this year. For me, the if anything, the drug testing as far as the diet is going is an advantage because the way a preferred for a contest is always being to be based on the ready for the contest from around two weeks out. I'll come to train usually. A bit of Francis's goals, Jim and New York. And everybody can tell you when I come into weeks before the Olympia. I'm based on the same shape around the same weight that I would be on the day of the contest. I never had to take any extreme measures to try and drop weights, drop water weight at the last minute. So if anything, the whole testing thing. This is the testing year. In my favor to my friends. I've got about that. Well my goal is not to put on a good idea. You know, 10 or 15 pounds of mass. I think that's not a realistic goal now. The days of doing that gone by. I'm just so especially natural. Small improvements. I think that can be natural. I love it improved. Oh, we're a little natural. Another area of better conditions. I think some stake at this point to try and put on 10 or 15 pounds. I think it's going to, if you try and put on 10 or 15 pounds, this stage is not going to be quality muscle and the face and everything. Whereas if two or three pounds of quality muscle in all the right places, how big was he here run compared to his normal self? Well he was competing in the 260s at this stage. So he'd be like 265 on stage this year. Okay. So the testing didn't change that. It was just ironic. Yeah. It was only dioratic. They had, you know, they were upset about almost death in 93. 92, I think. And they was not in his dioratic testing here and there. I love the fact that leading into a show, we all know that you're just getting blood in the muscle and whatnot. And he's still doing incline with 405 on the hammer strength or four plates. I always play. You know, you could see, I mean, even covered, you could see the striations and the traps from the front and the packs. And this arrow was not. I need to watch this whole video now, just because you brought this into play run. I've never seen it. Plus the diamond stud is like a good throwback. Yeah. He went to<|ru|> whoop after that. You know, like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, damn pirate all the time. I love the red straight pants. With the, I had that exact NPC shirt, the black one was the green gray logo. I didn't cut the neck out of it though. I still just got on with T shirt. I didn't mess it up. That was like my dress. That was my, that was big good t shirt. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good show. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Where it would jeans and go in out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My good shirt. I got a representative. Yeah, PC. You know, yeah, as a Canadian body builder that had no affiliation with the NPC whatsoever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The cheesy music comes in over. Yeah. Oh, that's the old sidebacks. Pin loaded. I like that one. So he's doing like a push day. Yeah. It says upper body upper body. So I guess he's going to get some back in there too. You know, his face doesn't, I mean, great. He's really dieted down here, but I, I don't feel like this is that long ago. You know what I mean? Like, oh, yeah, like the way he looks. Yeah. Versus Steve, Steve looks, Steve looks like he's aged more since the grain of his face was pretty blowing up back then too. So that was good. Yeah. You always look younger when you're, when you're full of water, you know. I can probably should have I've aged more in that timeline than any of them. Everyone else. So it's, it is what it is. Yeah. I actually think it's like it's funny, but when we first started like, Steve is literally one of my favorite people in the industry just because I love his just straightforward way of being. So I'm like, so impressed at how massive he was. Because feeling like no kidding. They guys tall like massive back. Yeah. He was big dude. He's very imposing now. I could only imagine how imposing he would be if when he was completely jacked. You know, yeah. Well, the the energy is imposing now all by itself. And then you add a structure. Things get wild. I imagine what the energy was like back then with Dorian in the gym. Oh, I know. We're kind of used to pros now, right? And just you know, imagine Dorian would arrive at beds two weeks out and like the whole gym would be like Dorians here. Like it was like, oh, you know, it was a big deal. Yeah. I remember hearing stories about about that like, you know, everything changed like, you know, Steve's calendar was wiped clear for those two weeks. It was all about Dorian like, you know, just coming and going and doing cardio and all that stuff. Yeah. That's so. There's parts of like the the social media world that make everything so much better. But then there's parts about like that that aura that's the it was. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like like, like, do you match? I mean, I can imagine someone like texting me and being like, you said to Jim, if you leave now, you might be able to see him and I'd be like, yeah, go on in hammer. Yeah. You got four, five minutes of yeah. That's what I was saying. But we'll all go look at him from a distance because we respect him. Yeah. And then, you know, you you wrap up your workout and you just hover by the front desk for like an hour waiting for him to come with a Steve's office so he can maybe meet him and get a little like a little spin click camera photo. Yeah. Yeah. Quick and nod. Yeah. Yeah. I remember those days. Oh, man. Did he just he peeled down this at all or did you see he doesn't peel down. He did exactly what you'd expect from Dorian. Yeah. Opposing the only guy in the video that doesn't pose. Yeah. Of course. It's just an of course. It was just another thing that reinforced everything that was mystical about Dorian. It was like, oh, of course, he doesn't even strip down in the battle for the Olympic video. You see every guy. It's what four hours long or whatever. Right. Every guy of train, talk, eat pose. Train, talk, eat pose. You get to Dorian. You just trains. barely says a word. I think that that's what proves that it really is him though because, you know, if you think about this, this doesn't come out for months after the Olympia. So while you're watching this, you already know what he looked like. It's just that's not what he did, you know. And I think that's what I loved about him is is everything, everything, everything, it was nothing created this story and it just happened to end up on film and in life, you know. The track is a break in my brain. Yeah. Is he saying anything here? No, this is still just music. You're very good at these. I'm saying, yeah, it's very little talking. I'm trying not to judge the fact that the plates are backwards, but whatever. That's my story. I love this part. I love this. Let's see it some volume here. All right. We're done with you. The door was just shut in your face. That was it. That was it. That's just no post. Workout. Like, no. No, no, no, no. It's not pretty good. You know, I'm going to eat my tilapia now and none of that. He closed the door like scotted on our first episode back. Just turned off. That was it. Yeah. Yeah. No, I remember that clip. I remember how with that, it stood out. You know, you watch about a field of being, they go through all the guys and then you get the door and it's clipping. You're like, oh, okay. Yeah. Yep. That's what we get. You realize this is part of the reason you don't have any pictures around. You're like, I don't have, I don't know why I don't have a lot of pictures from back in the day because you know what I mean? It was the mindset effect then. Yeah. Stripping down and taking pictures every workout. We're just getting trained and then you do your thing. You mean think of inviting Mits into the office? No. No. Yeah. You're treated to he was there in the first place. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, imagine Steve shut his two weeks down. That would be, yeah. I'm just, I'm just taking it all in now. You're like, you guys were talking off the energy at the gym at that time. That would be, like, you know, that's all ready, bad Francis goals at the time. So, like, there's already a bunch of champions there and like, and like the profile bump guys, like they're all over the walls, like they come in and train and like that gyms always just popping off. Yeah. And so there's already an energy, you know, and then, you know, Dorian shows up. And it's a different kind of energy, right? It's like, like, you know what I mean? It's just different. I don't know. That's how things were back then. You know? And so they were just testing. I was in the game at that point because I was like still the kid occasionally seeing magazines and buying them. And I knew all the players, but I didn't know anything. I didn't know what I was looking at. You know what I mean? It was just cool to see. I wish I would have been in that era to experience that side more because it is wild to think of like, I would have driven states to see him do a seminar. Once I was of age and was in the body, like I can't imagine. Whereas when it, by the time it started happening for me, it was a little more normal. Like, pros were around, you know, it wasn't yes, crazy to see. And Jay was the closest thing to to that era. I think when he got big, like, you had to go CJ. Yeah. Yeah. But he traveled so much that he was making so much money being Jay that it wasn't that hard to do. No, no. Yeah. It's easy. It's easy to do the work Jay did when he was Bank of what he banked a little bit sweeter. Absolutely. Okay, guys. That was fun. Remember, like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. And I am mutant.com, 20% off dusty 20 or bigron 20 get your all and get your gear. Get your all and get your all and get your ice with surgery. Everyone should get on the gear. Screwed that one up. What's going on Scott? I was looking to see what year the Olympia was drug tested. Like everything. Oh, that was 90. I think it was 90. That's why it was thinking. Yeah. Okay. I was thinking because I was like 96 that seemed later. I didn't realize they did a dioratic testing in 90. Yeah. And I thought they did it more than one year. And they do it a couple of years. Did you find anything? I know they, they, they, they, think it was 95 Olympia 2 and Dorian was like dry as hell for that one too. Yeah. So it was, and then I remember, remember, they tested for dioratics again in 2001. And they said Jay failed the dioratic test and then he like was going to, going to take them to blow it up. I guess he didn't. Yeah. I got admit that was a, that was a great factor in that time because I, I felt like you realized he'll Jay was because a lot of people would have just kept them out. I did just got put on the map. And yeah, maybe he says they failed. They would just be like, okay, sorry. Jay was on a while they were sitting in the court and they were like, oh, shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't get pushed around. Got it. And they lost immediately. Like then they just backed down and immediately because they had no chain of custody of the Sam. Yeah. They just immediately said that that they didn't follow up with like the procedural correct. So yeah. It wasn't accurate. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not seeing 2000 or I'm not seeing 19. 95, but I am seeing not saying it's not there, but I am right. Or 96 is 96 is dioratics. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy time. You know, everyone's still like the same. They put screwed up less without dioratics. So yeah. Right. Super full. Yeah. It was a pretty full. You know. Yeah. Okay, guys. Thanks. Remember it's just body building. reacts. I love that. It's like a pause. It's good.