subscribe, comment, ring the bell. It's just bodybuilding. Those are greatest. So my life we could just film the last two questions and just call it. We have a five minute video. It's going to be great. Hey everybody. Welcome to episode 79 of It's Just Bodybuilding. My co is Dusty Han Shaw myself big round part low and today we have a tiny Instagram question that's usual. We're going to chat about life and it's just bodybuilding. I'm back. It's all your back. It's a bargain for you. So Josh, you work in next store. I have three things right off the bat. First of all, like share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. Ready, go. I like that. That was good. Secondly, secondly, I have a correction that I saw it on the comments of the episode and it was like the second actually two corrections but it was the second. We were done the episode. I realized I fucked up but that's what these long form conversations are. And I got two names mixed up and I was like, I can't go back and fix that anymore. We were talking about album producers. Right. And for just a second, I got Bob Rock and my Lang mixed up and that really, really fucking irritated me and I thought, I don't want to notice and then one do notice and comment to that was like, I fuck someone noticed. So yeah, I got to correct myself. I was saying how Bob Rock made metallic is black album and my Lang. No, no, he did that. So I was right about that. But I was saying how he also made deaf leopard to Staria. That was my Lang. Which I was banging tonight, playing for a long time. Yeah, he's married to her. Yeah. Yeah. And then maybe he wasn't that a better married, but you know what I mean? Right. Right. And should I, I mean, even where's a back and back t-shirt and one of her videos? Say, because he did that album. Anyway, that's a whole necessary. So I know all about my Lang and ACDC. I got Bob and my, and the reason I got Bob and my mixed up for a second is because they're both kind of famous for bands going to them to get a hit record. Right. It's time. We need our stuff played on the radio. You know what I mean? They said that. All of them. Yeah. They sort of had that reputation where it's like, you're a good band, but you know, like, make metallic at right, Nate minute songs for 10 years. And then they go to Bob rocking the right some four minute songs and boom. You know, like, I have an idea. Little fucking long. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're writing music for your 1% most hardcore fans. Right. Right. We know how this all works. And then thirdly, you would not believe how close I came to eating this dog treat. It's, it's this beautiful little it says three dogs bakery. I don't know. It's just found it laying around the house, you know, Emily must go. And it says three dogs bakery, the bakery for dogs. And then it's this really tasty looking like gingerbread cookie with what appears to be, of course, because I'm thinking chocolate, what appears to be chocolate on it. And it says Jedi for my dog. All of those clues still made me think, huh, this looks good. I didn't, I didn't quite realize it was four dogs. I almost think it was a cute little treat with my dog's name on it. It looks really tasty. I'm going to eat that and I almost almost almost unwrapped it and then my brain like realized that I was having a moment where it wasn't putting stuff together. Right. This is four dogs. So that was a close call. But that tells you how few treats I have around the house. Do you want to try it? Well, I'm still fit that so funny thing is even though now I figured now I kind of want to know because it does look like a tasty treat. And I mean, it wouldn't kill you if you try to write now and we all walk close. I like had my finger, I was going to peel it open. Like I was like I thought, oh, wait, this is like a dog bone. So it took a second. I like to think that I'm smart enough to get through life without eating dog food at any point. I mean, it's not a tide pod, but I got you. So it could be worse. Yeah, I'm just trying to show you there's levels to this shit. Are you saying that you've eaten something worse this week, Dusty? I'm not going to add so questions. That's cool. How about that football game? I won't let let's talk about the football game. What are your thoughts? Do you think it was game? Of course I watched the game. I'm American. So what we do. Right. I mean, I don't even think it's optional. I think they arrest you if you leave your house during the game. Right. Right. Right. Right. What unless you're just getting snacks? Um, yes. All right. So here's the truth. The moment that Brady can actually with Grong for the first touch I was like, we're going to win. Look at it sounds silly. It was only four points at that point. Well, three at that point. Yeah. But yeah, I'm like, there was just something about that. The symbolic like those two again, you know, bad boys coming together. Yeah. When they got, when they got the second one, I was like, yeah, this is just getting silly. Like when Grong scored again, I was like, I was like, we're doing this again. Okay. Yeah. And he has all those people to pick pick from like he's on a good team. Yeah. He gets all these like, they have thrown it to Grong. You know what he's doing? He's doing times at least a few times today. I'm going to make sure he gets get something. Yeah. One of my favorite parts was I forgot about that fucking commercial they made. Did you mobile one? Yeah. And then it got like recirculated. And I hadn't even seen that until the night before watching one of Scott's this, the video that Scott did with with Tommy by training partner. That was one of the commercials. So I just watched it. Yeah. That's fucking hysterical. Yeah, pretty funny. One more like it's so easy to do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you're there, you're soft and weak. Twenty-one hours later, I'm like, oh, that's done. And like, and it's like Joe Donley posted that story or that video back up again like commercial. And he's like, now this is epic. Yeah. Like, so I forgot, I remember seeing it, but you know, of course a year ago where like, they're not going to go win one. Yeah. You know. And then it's funny. I saw Joe Joe reposted. So I put it on my, I sent it out on my story to just, I thought everyone need to rewatch that. So if you haven't seen that, go check it out. Brady had it up. Yeah. It was fun. I just, uh, yeah, man. And you know, like Brady didn't have the best game on the semi final. Like, no, you know what I mean. And you could, you know, I just, I loved watching him win man. That's crazy. And then the memes, some of the memes, just so hilarious, you know, and this never ending. Oh, yeah. No, I, I've been loving watching all of them just roll through and, you know, but I didn't, they didn't do the, they didn't do the walkout. I didn't get to see the bad boys video with this song. When, when my favorite memes was it showed my home showing up to the stadium and Brady showed up to stadium and the home had a mascot. And the mascot, you know how this is going to go. Yeah, because they all poor, poor, poor, poor, my home getting fucking shit on for, you know, Brady rolling up no mask is this funny. Funny is there was some down here, of course, some retarded leftists are just hammered away at Brady. And I'm like, do I need to be the one at the point out he's been COVID tested every day for like months? Yeah, it's like, like, they don't have to. Like, it's so stringent on them. I actually had somebody attack me on one of my YouTube videos because I got COVID from someone like, a guy just like you walk around, I'm like, you got COVID from a guy who didn't have COVID that wasn't wearing masks. That's fucking crazy. Yeah, because I also don't have COVID that you're going to get COVID from, but yeah, that's you. It's cool. It makes perfect sense for your pocket. And it's the thing that I hate is how like some of the like the guy talking on the microphone is like wearing a mask. And then you see like there's no one around him. Yeah, I don't always say, well, down here on side lines. It's just, it's just the the the theater part. But I feel I feel like then in that case, when they're filming inside, but it's cold outside. We should all have been on and fucking mittens. Yeah, remind me that it's cold outside. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got to pretend. I know it's 76 in the room. We're in, but it's snowing out there. I'm just a window behind me. It appears cold. So I'm going to like, mix it on. They make sure you know that it's not safe to go out there without fucking jacket on. So that's kind of been the number one problem with with all of this stuff. I think that I think that most reasonable people can agree. Whether they agree on the all the other details. I think everyone can most people can agree that part of the problem has been, you know, how they changed their stance based on, you know, like, don't wear masks. No, master uses don't wear masks. Okay, we just said that because we didn't want to run out. So now we want you to wear them. They should like you'd think by now we would know that when you when you lie to the public, it creates trust issues later down the pipeline. Yeah. And I mean, we all know this from the boy who cried wolf. I mean, that's the children's fable that they tell us to program that into us. So we don't do that as adults. Yeah. But then they turn around and that's what they do. They turn around and do that. All we just told you that so that you and panic. And we just told you that. So you wouldn't buy up all that masks. So we just told you that because, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, this is actually what's going on. That's that's been a huge problem with a lot of the stuff that's happened. And and I feel like the the the theater is a huge part of that. You know, the pretending the, okay, there's a guy on the sideline 15 feet from everybody and no one's actually allowed to go talk to him. He's actually standing in a circle and isolated from anyone getting close to him. But we're going to make him wear a mask because he's on TV. Right. So just that sort of stupid shit. But you know what it probably some of that comes down to. If he doesn't wear a mask, the phone start ringing. Right. And the email start pouring in and the complaints start and they just don't want to deal with the complaints, which is what a lot of this is about. Yeah, no, and that's the thing. I mean, I hate derailing on the subject because obviously my stance is pretty firm now. But like you said, it's the same. Listen, something we got to handle business. I don't know. I know. You know, look at that powerful yell. You could tell that's very, very commanding. I gotta ask him if he's using all the expensive words that he paid thousands of dollars for. See? I ever so softly suggested in a positive way that he comes inside. I'm not actually close to the door because I don't even have a scholar on them. But they're building a condo across street from our condos. Oh, shit. You're getting neighbors? I won't be here. I'm having two months, two months. I gotta get a house again. These guys need a yard. They told me we had a fucking family meeting. We had a pile out. And Donna was like, look, I need a yard. So anyways, back to my story. You need a white-y closet. Yeah, well, she has that. It's like they said, you know, it's like fipping on the numbers. Well, that whatever the real numbers are, I'm like, well, you don't know. It's, it's like if if if you've knocked out 20 dudes and you tell them, I'm like, oh, fuck. It's a lot. If you tell me 50 and I find out the numbers much lower, I'm like, oh, maybe he's a bitch. Yeah, even if it's 30. Yeah, I like like one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're deadlift 800, but you say 850, I just know you're a fucking liar. But what that's a great quote. If you, if you can deadlift 800, but you say 50, you're still a fucking liar. Yeah, and 800's fucking badass. Yeah, ruins impressiveness. Yeah. I don't, I've never, which, you know, that's a whole other rabbit hole. That's he. Yeah, we got a he, he's a human psyche. Deep into the human psyche. Listen into too many of those podcasts. I was in the you when you, and as you get into like that, this move, yeah, as boys and I start anything. And in your micro dosing and here we go. It's exactly. I watched the interstellar the other night. By the way, I don't know why the word micro dosing made me think of interstellar, but sort of like, I wasn't really saying that. I'm like, you know, the whole like, you know, a hot-toned one. Yeah, yeah, anyways, I know we love that movie, and we watch, I watch it again, Emily, and I sat down and gave it a real nice thorough, proper viewing, amazing movie. So those of you haven't seen it, we've recommended it on the podcast a few times. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, so you're healthy and everything's going well. Awesome. We'll just go back from from when the fuck there was a Jackson bill. Yeah, you're in Florida. Yeah, and it was awesome. It was good. I went to where people go to produce content and win superables. Well, but I feel like Northern Florida is basically Georgia. I got it. Yeah, why I've heard Northern Florida is like a different world. Yeah, it's not Florida. Yeah, but it was awesome. And yeah, the thing was good. I trained at a gym that was like 5,000 square feet and literally all our snow equipment. Yeah, I saw that. I said you're using some arsenal stuff. Yeah, could you use some pieces you'd never had never tried before? Well, I got to use my shoulder press. What I say mine, because we have one on order with the handles just a little bit different than the hammer. Huge fan, huge fan of that one. Now, which one is that? Is that like just because I've used a seated arsenal shoulder press before? It's the seated. Yeah, I mean there's nothing like fancy about it. Yeah, it's just a, yeah, it felt good. I'm trying to figure out what to hell the name of that place was because he gave me, he gave me some shirts and stuff. But yeah, I used a couple of pieces and you know what's funny? I then as my videographer didn't know the dumbbells are like the most expensive piece in the gym. Oh, so you're explaining what? Yeah, because I was like, what was I as town? I'm like, I'm looking at this small gym and I'm like, he's got upwards of $150,000 equipment in here. For sure. I mean everything in there, you know? And then I said, well, fuck, the dumbbell is alone. Or, you know, if you got to steal on a 20 grand, he was like, what? That was like, oh yeah, the dumbbells are the money. So whenever you see like, you know, when you see a gym, it's got the custom dumbbells with their logo in the back. I'm always like, there's a lot of money. I had some advice from a guy once who owned a bunch of gyms. And he said, get the good dumbbells, but don't get your logo on him. Because they're harder to sell. That's about the plus one goes in. You don't get your logo on him. Get good dumbbells, but don't get them logo. And then you can get new dumbbells one day and the be easier to sell your old dumbbells. And another gym can buy them off you. He's like, because I guess he had logo dumbbells once. And he said, they were like a bitch to sell. Like you need someone who doesn't care that your gym logo is on them, right? So some home gym guys are home on. Yeah. Yeah, you know what I mean? So it's just kind of funny funny advice funny solid advice. Okay. I got a couple good questions. I'm sure we'll go off on some tangents. But I got some good ones. What do you talk about? Why would we do that? That's one of your things to say. Well, now you have to tell me that we would go on a tangent. Oh, we ever. If we ever just went off the rails for 20 minutes. Oh, wait. Yes, we have. Okay. Okay. Let's start with this one, Dusty. Let's start with this one. Let's go big. What's your most? I know we've probably discussed this before, but I don't remember what your answer was. And maybe you got a different one now. What's your most embarrassing moment working out in the gym? I don't have anything earthshattering. Like just dumb shit. Like not paying attention in like the rack that holds the the pull down bars and shit like knocking into one and knocking four of them off. But I mean, shit like that doesn't make that's like spilling your coffee. Like I don't even break speed thinking about it. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just fix it and move on. Yeah, so I don't, yeah, I don't have anything bad. You. I have a pretty good one. I might have told this story before. Did I tell you the story about when I tipped over the leg press? No, but that's definitely embarrassing. That's worse than knocking one bar off the damn thing. You guys training at a gym. You're a good guy's at own that gym. They kind of let me get away with murder. And I was training the legs one day and they had the leg press in the hack squat back to back like this. Right? So the leg press in the hack squat and they went but did right up against one another. And so I was finished my last set. I remember I had the leg press loaded up. So I had like 11 plates aside. I remember that leg press held 11 plates aside and I had it full right to the end of the pin. And so I stood on the one side and I started pulling plates off and putting them on the frame. Right? But then I thought oh, I've also got to put some plates on the hack because I'm going to the hack neck. So I threw a few up on the hack squat pin. Right? You know, as I could go straight into three plates on that hack no problem. So I just loaded up three on that and then I kept putting them on the frame but I was putting them on the hack squat frame and not on the leg press frame. And not on the leg press frame. So there's only like two or three plates on the leg press frame on that side and 11 plates on the other side on the on the sled. And the leg press stuff wasn't bolted down in there. It was like it was on the island. A lot of old people trained there. No, I'm sure no one fills that fucking leg press up. Right? And so it just been the first time that anyone had 11 plates out on the arm. I would on the sled and hardly any plates on the frame on the far side. And I just kept pulling them off. But I was standing because I'd put some on the hack. I was standing like why. And I was I wasn't putting them on the leg press pins. And all of a sudden I pulled like, you know, one of the last plates off. And I just saw the pin go right up in front of my face. So the fucking arm just did you try to grab it? I don't remember. But I remember like as it turned as it flipped plates went. Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing, like just started sliding. I feel like I pulled up a plate. Yeah. And the leg press just flipped on its side. And it was fucking loud because this gym didn't have a rubber floor everywhere. So the leg equipment was on concrete. Was this a concrete floor? And it was so fucking loud. And I remember the owner came running in and there was hardly anyone trained in that day. And the scary thing though was they had a scissy squat bench. You know, there's the ankle bench for scissy squats beside the leg press. And they're had been a guy using that. The whole time I was leg pressing, he was doing scissy squats. He had just moved on. He had just moved on that that scissy scrub was covered in a pile of plates with a leg press right in it. So yeah. You know what's bad about that about your story is I'm such an asshole. Like if I saw that I'd be like, are you fucking kidding, dipshit? It's a teeter tater. You can't take the weight off of one side because I literally and I don't even, I mean, I don't know equipment like you do and I understand it's it's racked. But I will take off. If I was alone and say I had 20 plates on leg press 10 aside, I'd take two off of the right walk left take two off. Walked right like I literally go back and forth. Right. Go it down to zero because I'm in my head. I don't want to fuck up the machine even though it's on the thing and I'm sure it doesn't matter. But I wouldn't unload a Smith that way. So I don't unload a leg press that way. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So like a leg press in a hack, I would usually go like halfway, go around halfway, go around like right. So I normally do. But that day I was just pulling plates off onto the frame and it's just fucking fucking fucking because I know that brand of leg press that was what the one I grew up on. It was exactly the same as the old one I grew up on. So I knew that if you had plates on the frame it was totally fine and all that stuff. But it was a bolt to down either and maybe get used to equipment that's bolt to down and some gems, you know, fucking crazy. I always freak out when people pull like let's say they have 225 on a bar and they pull both plates off one side. Yeah, I know technically that'll hold but I wouldn't do that either. It'll hold but it's like you don't have to lean on the end very hard to flip it at that whole fucking love tap. Yeah, so it's like I'm always like yeah. So I always think also even is it perfectly centered like if it was slid, I would put it flip right. I think it probably could or if the rax little narrower. Yeah. No, I don't I'm the same like that's a that's a one back and forth. Right. Right. You know, right. It's a bench so I'm not using much way the other way it's a mubitch on pressing so it's all good. Okay, your turn. Careful, I've got some good ones. Okay, you haven't watched Piki yet though. You still haven't watched Piki blinder. Oh I have and I'm I'm I'm on some shows but I'm backed up. All right, well I'm going to answer this real quick then but the question is who's my favorite Piki blinder character? Oh, and it's on my knees. It's Alfie Solomon's Diamond Clost's fucking unreal. So yeah, that's that and Scott Thomas. I hope that that's your favorite as well. So okay next to him. I'm looking forward to watching that show. Hey, here's a question. This is a good one for you though. Wait, you like this? What color chucks are the best and why is it red? I'm smiling. I read that one. That's funny. That's good shit. It goes with half of what I own. Man, okay, here's one. Let's let's say I hope you got I'm I'm kind of expecting. Oh boy, kind of expecting an answer out of your desk here on this one. I'm going to your drinker. Get an excited. Yeah. Okay, go. It's from a friend of mine. What's something that you do? But you don't think anyone else does? Something. I do. Like anyone else does? Well, I think he's being. I don't think he means any other human on the planet but not typical like any, you know, like anything you do is a bodybuilder that you don't think other bodybuilders do anything you do as a human being. Yes. Probably everything in my house. I get an encompass the entire thing and say if you were to come to my house at any point in time every single thing I know exactly where it is. Meaning like if you said to me where is the onion powder? It's right there on the second self second for the right. Right because that's how I keep my house. So I think that would be my weird thing. Like yeah, I could direct you to my house like it's street maps. Right. If somebody so what's funny like you told I forgot to grab my mic, you know? And my housekeeper was here and I was gone and she moved the mic stand and I didn't know where it was. That was I had a small heart attack while I was looking for the mic that's why it took so long. Right. So how would you say your house is like a macculately organized? Would you put it that way? Yes. End clean. And so what else is a macculately organized and clean? Like what do you consider your domain? Like the inside of your vehicles the same? And the outside. And the outside to your vehicle in your house. Where does it stop? Is that pretty much it? It doesn't the gym now. The gym has become mine. I'm actually I haven't done it yet. I have to call him today, but we're enforcing a new rule on leaving weights on the equipment. I'm going to do like a $30 fine or you can sacrifice your membership. Those are your options. Right. Because I'm sick of that. I watched a kid yesterday actually was funny. We're training and I said, Tommy, he said I could have like pressed and he's like, yeah, I said you see him dead. Lifting yesterday? He was fucking getting after it. And he wasn't like crazy strong, but I mean, that kid didn't leave a single rat, right? So here I put him on this pedestal. And I was like, I said, I like that fucking kid. Fast forward 30 minutes. He leaves the leg press with 200 on it on each side. And it four plates. So I see him walking out and I'm like, okay, nope. Walk or my hey, you should off the fucking leg press. He's like, oh, sorry. I forgot him like night in. You chose. You chose to leave your shed. I'm like, there's women in here that can't take that 100 pound plate off. But that drives me fucking that shit. Yeah. So and if you leave an inch on that, it gets bad. Like I'm telling you, like by default, if you were a messy person, but you came into my house, you wouldn't be messy. Because you would look around and be like, fuck, if I leave one thing, it's going to, you'd wipe my counter off, you know, water on it. You don't mean? Yeah. That's how it is at the gym. If you keep that standard at your gym, I know damn well, people that maybe would leave their shit on some other gym, don't at your gym. Right. So yeah. So no, it doesn't stop anywhere. And I actually judge people on their put on their pictures too. You know, and people put a picture up on Instagram and it's like, they're hitting a great shot and I'm like, you live like that. That shit behind you. You should clean that up. That's all I can see. I don't even see your body. I remember I'm all gone the ground with the fuck you remember when when Seth had like two little kids and he posted those photos of him and he was living room and there's toys everywhere. And he's on that one because what it is. But yes, I do actually, I remember because I mean, I did that when I take a picture of my food. I'll see like a piece of paper that's not supposed to be there. And I'm like, oh, one sec. I'll lean forward and move it. Yeah. No, I know what you mean. That's why I don't really like, you know, I don't do stuff inside the condo very often. You know, we've always got something like kind of a pile of something here, pile of something there. I know like it's always really clean and tidy but it would be like one pile. You know, like we're always living in the males right there. Yeah, the males are there on the table and I go to take a shot and I'm like, I don't want my male in the shots. I just don't take the shot. You know, I'm going to take a half-up and male is sitting right here. You know, you know, I, I, I, and I, and I don't care, but I'm consumed with you judging me. You know, so great amount of the two. I said, I can't, I shouldn't judge, but I do. So here's what I'm going to say. And it's okay because you're allowed to judge me too. The only problem is I know all my shit. Right. You, you, you handle judgment very well. Like you see it coming. Wow, could I not? I'm going to fucking open target. I had to guy ask me the other day about my, like, what pants I wear. I'm like, I think they stopped making these pants in like 2012. And I still had, and it's funny because my friend that's a oral surgeon, she sewed them once for me. And I said, I have a surgeon sewing my pant crotch because there's a hole. Because I, because I liked them. I told her I was like, I said, your parents must be so proud of where the money went. Yes. How's, how's, how's, how's your work going? I'm doing good with surgery. I got into hobby. Fixing jeans for my buddy exactly. And then the bourgeois, like they just looked that bad. They even looked terrible. So it's like, I judge knowing that I'm an open target as well. And that's okay. I'm fucking old and they don't make cool pants anymore. So what are I going to do? Right. I feel yeah. I feel yeah. It was funny. We're watching an episode of our show the other night. And they had like a flashback to like 20 years ago. And he was wearing shit. You were in that day. No, and there's like this, there's this like hot older woman who's in it. She's kind of milky, right? She's kind of like want to like the attractive women in the show. And it flashes back. And they've got her like, you know, they do the makeup. So she looks younger. And they got her hair like a little bit different. And she's wearing low-rise jeans. Like really low-rise jeans. And I'm like, low-rise jeans. Oh, man. I said I've been the edge of my seat. Emily just looks at me. She's like, because she does, she loves that, you know, all the girls love the high-wasted stuff. Right. Yeah. Like that. I know. And I'm always, I'm always joking about it. I can't wait for low-rise jeans to come back. Yeah. So like if you should, the fact that you can safely sit down without half your ass hanging out, you're just not acceptable to. I want to see the T-bar like peeking out of me. Like reach over the counter to get something. I want T-bar. You remember like the, it was it when we thought we were making progress, destiny. Tattoo and lower back. Might as well be a bullseye. Like that's the, that's the world that I was doing well in and was happy in. And this and this new world is just difficult for me sometimes. Thank you. I would agree. Okay. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, TrueNutrition.com for making this all possible. TrueNutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, TrueNutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. You got one or is it my turn? It is your turn. If you, if you had a warning label for your self, what would it say for other people to read? If you came with a warning label. Oh my god. Wow, that's a that's a that's a beautiful one. Man, what would it say? What is your aim? I'm not thinking. I'm thinking. I often think that I, I, I talk about things that no one else gives a shit about. So if you're like warning, we'll talk for 10 minutes about something that you don't fucking care about. Warning, we'll see. Well, you'll be, you'll be driving in the car with this, this, this human and a song will come on and you will get a story from 1998. And we're really sorry about that. That's what happens when you travel with this model of human. The Ron Parallel edition will rend us and tell you a story that you don't want it. You don't care about and won't remember. Yeah, I mean, that's my warning label. It's good. You know, I think, I mean, I hate to say it, but like my mind would be something on the lines or what we just talked about. Like warning, he's absolutely judging you. But I do that. It's always bad, but I literally will be sitting somewhere. It's the same way. I went to a restaurant the other day. And I remember the lady, it's just like a buy your chicken and leave it kind of place. And I remember thinking, if I had a business here, I would hire her. I would steal her from here. Right. Because she was that good. So it's not always shitty. Sometimes it's really good or like I had a really weird waitress recently that would choose. Like, here comes your stupidest chicken salad with a touch of lemon. And I'm like, relax. And it was every time she came. This is your wonderful diet coke. I'm like, it's a fucking diet coke. Relax. Right. Right. Right. And she was training a kid and I could see his face. Like, I don't know if I want this job enough to work with her for two more days. And right. Our entire table was like a running thing. We were like, I wonder what the next thing's going to be. So then when he, she finally like let him come to the table, you know, he's like, here's your fucking chicken. I'm like, my man. Like you could see he was so irritated. He like brought it down so far. He's like, oh, here's the rest of your shit. That's good. So yeah, that would be me. I'm definitely watching judging. Look at the baby. Look at the baby. You know, I, I would also come with a warning that I spontaneously nap at any time. Do not be offended. Right. I might need to nap. You might be all excited. And I'm just going to go to sleep in the car for a bit while we're driving. That, that has to happen. Would you agree? I, I, I love that. I do it all the time. I need to gym 10 minutes early. I'm not pretty close. My ass. So if it's like day, and going the back office, turn the lights off. Put my head phones in, place a music, pull my hat down. And like, sometimes a fall seat for like 10 minutes. And then I have my alarm set for when we're supposed to train. And just like, goes off. And I just walk straight out on the gym floor. That's that's my favorite way to train legs. It's go from like a sleep to warming up on the bike in like a 60 second time period. Yeah, I'm the same. It doesn't bother me at all. And you know, some people can't take a little nap. No, like I, it'll crack close my head. Yeah, I've got a minute. Yeah. I'm like, that's roll. Yeah. I'm fresh again. You know, yep. Yep. Your turn now, isn't it? Yes, it is. And I got a million. You got to go first. Favorite condiments or salad dressings that you use hot sauce and sugar free ketchup. It's pretty much all I use. What's that? What kind of hot sauce? Frank's red hot, just basic Canadian hot sauce. Frank's is not Canadian. I thought it was. I thought it was stabbed out of no, that's true. I just fucking came over the hot ways. I thought it was. Yeah. Now, it was under the impression Frank's red hot was Canadian. You use it down there. You, Frank's red hot? One second. And then, you know, if I go out, I'll have Teriyaki sometimes, but I don't really have it in my house. It says that they are the Canadians reach for Frank's red hot sauce. That's number one. Wait. It's actually made in the States. Produced in Springfield, Missouri. Okay. Okay. He liked how strong I came out and I didn't even know that was an answer. I was like, stop, man, get out of here. Like, really? We just, we just haven't here, too. I thought it was more popular in Canada than it was in the States for like a long time. Like, you guys used to like to bask go in other hot sauces. You would, too, I remember there was a Frank's isn't always at like a store where I restaurant. Yeah. Like, if you ask for hot sauce at a restaurant, they won't see give you to basket. I don't think or they'll bring like, or the or the or Saracho or you know, I'm sure something. Whereas up here, if you say hot sauce, they bring you like a big like fucking side cup of Frank's. You know what I mean? Was that yours? That was mine. Best three supplements for broke college kids. Creatine, mono hydrate. I mean, I'm not counting vitamins and minerals just so you know, and EA would be something I would definitely use. What about like a way isolate? Yeah, I have to but you can consider that if you did that. Yeah, I do, but if we were going to it, I would say way and I wouldn't even say it has to be an isolate. Yeah, because it's cheaper, you know? Yeah, I would say just a good way protein. Creatine mono hydrate. And I would put a good protein and creatine mono hydrate so far up the ladder above other supplements that I'm not even going to list a third supplement. Right. Yeah, I mean, like if you said what's it like creating to someone like you should use broke because it says he's broke. So I would just say, I would just say if you broke get a protein and a creatine mono and save the rest of your money and buy food. That's what I would say. Right. And if you make good choices with your food, you won't need a lot of subs. If you know if you eat a certain amount of fish, you won't need to take fish oil if you eat, you know, blah, blah, blah. You know what I mean? This is a good one and I need your answer because I suck at this. What would you consider strong for a normal person? Normal person? I think I don't know. I for some reason, I always thought that any normal dude like just Joe from the office or Bob from the bakery or whatever, any dude that can bench 225 is like really strong compared to most people. People can't bench 225. We had this discussion before. Like they just have never, you know, most people have never fucking bench pressed. You know, normal person, you know, anytime I see someone rapping 225 in the gym, I'm like, oh, guys actually like really strong, you know, population wise. That's funny. We had that another question. If 225 for 10, put you in the top, well, 5% of the world, there's something like that. No, I don't know. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, you could deadlift three plates. Pretty strong. Like, you know, turn around deadlift, most people. You know, like the break. And I think you know this, like, I think a lot of people assume that you're watching their strengths when you're in the gym and when I'm what impresses me with people is intensity. Yeah. Like I literally don't give a shit how much weights in the bar. I was like I said, just that kid the other day, like I looked over and he was deadlift in like 275 or something. Nothing crazy. I remember in my brain going fuck. Nice. Yeah. You know what I mean? You know, I, you're getting after it. And I'm rowing 455 right next to him. But my brain wasn't thinking about numbers. It was like, you know, you're watching somebody and like, oh, he's done and then he gets one more. He goes down there. He's deaf. Oh, he's going to go like he went until he couldn't go. I was like, there's a bunch of young guys at my gym. Because like, I'm also a safety guy, right? Like, I'll train to absolute failure anytime. And I've dumped a lot of squat bars off my back, squatting to failure. Yeah. And I, but I always set the rack up. Yeah. Because I wanted it to like be safe. And, and I understand that no rack, you got to do it or die. And I'm like, well, that's that's funny games. But once they, I don't know, there's a point where I'm like, no, I'll just set the rack that's. Yeah. I don't think it ever makes sense. Like, I do get because I used to squat free. But it's because if I was doing that, I don't have a spotter, which meant I was, yeah, my plan was to jump forward. Like, so it's hitting the rack or it's hitting the ground. And I'm squatting in a power rack, like, or on a platform. So it's okay if it falls. But I do think that, you know, even then, it's going to that level of failure is like, I love, I've been, I think I video to two years or it's been a long time. But one time I had a video, I was training alone. I got pinned by the hack squat. I went out and it came back down. And I saw I posted the video that way. Because it's what happened. And I remember people were like, oh, I can't believe you left that. And I'm like, what do you mean? There's a great fucking set. Yeah. I just thought I had one more. And I didn't know. There's a, there's a, a young guy my gym in the squatts were all heavy. He doesn't, he looks, he looks thin for his strength. So whenever he's squatting, I always notice people like look at him and then look at the bar and raise our eyebrows and stuff like that. Kids aren't going to squat that because he doesn't look big and he'll go up to like four plates. He looks like skinny like, I don't know what he weighs. One eighty or something. Yeah. But he'll he'll go up to four plates and it just sort of like people notice or like that. Looks like a lot of weight this guy's going to get crushed, but then he backs it out and he fucking squats it no problem. But he squats without the pins up. He's always takes them right out. And he like squats, max, like they are max. He's going to absolutely, like he'll do a heavy single where like the bar goes up like this fast. Oh, it's just, yeah. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm, I'm leaving the pins in if I move. And I'm tempted to go say to him like dude, you should leave the pins up, but at the same time he's never failed. Yeah. Maybe that's his thing. He's never dropped one. I'm not letting it be in option. Yeah. Yeah. I do like that that when someone's surprised. You know who did that for me, like one of the first people to throw me off with the Zarya when I trained legs with her the first time. And she squatted 225 like 15. Yeah. I'm like, like asked to grasp perfect for her and she wasn't to failure. She like got done and just wrapped it. Yeah. Yeah. You weigh like 120 pounds. Yeah. Does it get a much at the gym who, who, uh, man, he, he's pretty, he's a pretty small dude. He must weigh like 165, but he goes up to four plates and like does triples. Right. And I'm like, you're really strong. He's like, oh, it's only 405. And I'm like, yeah, but you weigh, what do you weigh? Like, you know what I mean? It's just, it's a press. I like seeing that. Okay. Is it my turn? Yeah. Absolutely. Where do you see bodybuilding heading next? What is the next era? Yeah. We're in a, we're in a, I mean, like, my, my, my, my answer is I don't supply willing changing anything. Like, even as we add more divisions and do, like, I feel like there's this, this desire to see it going mainstream and really what's happening is the sport is opening enough that more people are coming to it. Yeah. We're never going to go to the people. We're not, you're never going to see us on ESPN or in the Olympics or any of those things. And that's, I don't, like, I never even understood a desire. Yeah. I like us being, we are. And if you're interested, come see. You know, it's like, it's, it's the, it's the comparison to a circus. Like, you know, you're going to have to come to us if you want to see the fruits. And, and I think that, like, it has opened up more and more because there are more things to look at. But at the end of the day, bodybuilding is as freaky or freaky or than ever, I'm really stoked to see, like this year, what made me happy at the Olympia is we have a clear divide between bodybuilding and classic physique. Yeah. Yeah. That's good to see. And we need that at the local level, the regional level, the national level. Because I still get a lot of guys that hit me up and they're like, take them into New classical. I think that's a fucking terrible idea. You're a small bodybuilder and it's going to take years to get you to become a big bodybuilder, but you're not classic. They just think because they're smaller, but they're classic. Because their weight is a certain number. Yeah. It's like, well, I can based on my height, I can make weight. And I'm like, yeah, like me, like, yeah. No, there's nothing you're, you're 170 doesn't look great. Yeah. That other guys 170 looks crazy because he has real small bones and round muscle bellies and better genetics. So he can be 170 and look awesome, but you at 170 just look like you need to gain 20 pounds of muscle. Well, I know I can tell you this when I was when I when I was lighter, people used to guess that I weighed less than I did. Yeah. Because I bone structure so heavy. It wasn't until I was like 260 plus that people started guessing higher than I weighed. I'm the I'm the the sort of the same way. People always guess lower. They'd be like, what do you two 75 would be like, I'm 290. Right. Oh, you know, or 300, but then once I was 320, people were like, what do you 320? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. You do hit a point where it stops. And now most people guess higher than I am. You know, like when I'm right at even 280, they're like, what do you weigh like 300? I'm like, 9. Close. See, I get that now because I stay real lean. So you got a lot of people are like, man, what do you walk around at 275? I'm like, I'm 250. You're like, what? So that's a good thing though. I always want to feel like people think I'm bigger than I am not smaller. Yeah. I had to retire to get that to happen. Did you see that? Did you see the retirement? Yeah. The meme of all the pictures of Tom Brady's face. And it says, you know, I COVID alone to be around a year. And then it said COVID. It's like he looks he actually and he actually ages in reverse. He's better looking than when he got drafted. It's amazing what money and winning will do. I saw another one that was funny. It said, Tom Brady's kids visit the Super Bowl like they're heading to grandma's every year. Yeah, we go on this year. Yeah. We go on this year. Yeah. The picture that was it. It was his daughter that's definitely not 10 years old. And that's his 10th trip to the Super Bowl. God, oh yeah. You can tell she's she's bored. She's always another parade. We have another parade to go to. Yeah. Yeah. I love the perspectives of things. I think it was funny, but I was watching this thing God took two years ago. Gary V took his daughter to a next game. Right. And she's like, how do people get seats way up there? And he's like, oh, well, it's, you know, you just you just pay for your seats. And that's where she said she's like, they're lucky. And she's on the floor. No perspective of what's happening. Like we're sitting in $10,000 see three now honey. Exactly. What are you talking about it? So up high. Exactly. And when you're that they just like, that's fucking awesome. Yeah. It's you know, down here where they're getting sweat on. Yeah. Well, it's funny. I remember going to concerts and you know, pushing myself up to the railing. Getting kicked in the face and other people sweat all over. Why the fucking, you know, I came out of, I came out of some concerts with my shirt missing, you know. Like, and then, and I remember looking up at the, you know, the booths, you know, all the fancy booths, and taking all those fucking losers up there don't know how to go to a concert. You know what I mean? And then, you know, years later, you're sitting in the booth eating some chicken fingers watching the show from your comfortable seat. You know, like those disgusting pigs down there in the front row by the railing. I can't imagine living like that. You know, DNA soup going on there just disgusting. Barbary. Are you sure you did? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can I sit up here? What's more chicken fingers, please? I'm a little low on ranch over here. Yeah. Yeah. No ranch. Come on now. Barbacy sauce. I'm going to have to go. That's a separate, that's a separate YouTube channel. Sorry. I have a whole argument about where, where, where you get your chicken fingers and what you put on them. Because I had find I get different things at different places based on their chicken fingers. Anyway, separate subject. Okay. Is it my turn? It's true. It is. It is. Oh. Okay. When are you going to do a podcast with your buddy Jose? That would be hilarious. Scott, this is the part where you're going to put a link to the one that we did like six weeks ago with Jose. Yeah. So you've had Jose on twice, right? Yeah. And one was before the Olympia like yeah close to it. You know what? Because that was the one I had to reschedule. You had to reschedule. Yeah. We did that one. Yeah. Okay. Here's a great one. I we both got this one and I saw you already mentioned it but I got to bring it up again. Oh boy. Here we go. So far this you ever traveled to get laid. And there it is again. Well, you know, it really depends because you know, I could go this as far as saying that sometimes we were in Germany and I needed to go home to get laid. Oh, right. Not still. So, you know, if you're really thinking about it, I've made some long trips. Right. I don't know. But I found the more impressive question I got the other day was, what is the smallest place that you've ever gotten laid? And mine was the three series, Yom W. Two door. Wow. Yeah. I'm a ninja. So there you go. I didn't say it was good. I said I got the job done. So now you have to answer both. I've added your question. I fucking went up there. And you don't get it. So no, I just tried to find the car model. The car model. This is great. Now like yeah. Yeah. I can't remember the model. And now I'm a lot. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Come on. No, it was small. It was small. Oh, yeah. So, it's okay. I fucking love the face. Here it goes. Okay. So the farthest ever traveled to get laid. I don't know the farthest. I guess, you know, I don't know distance. But I'll tell you the the most harrowing trip that I ever made was I drove three hours in a really dangerous horrible blizzard in your truck in a pickup truck. Your pickup truck. So one of the couple sent a few a couple sandbags in the back just to give it a little extra weight. And there was all these warnings. Stay out the highway. That's so certain. Come on. Don't do it. Yeah. Don't drive in. I'm like, I'm a farm kid. Does this sound? Don't do it, Ron. Yeah. I'm like, I'm a farm kid. I'm not a city kid. I don't have to listen to the squeeze. I don't have to listen. I don't have to listen to these fucking driving warnings. I'm a farm kid. I can do a can drive through anything. These people are idiots. And I got off work that night around 10 p.m. Remember, I was working at sellers. It's like a department story, you know. And I got off work at 10 p.m. It punched out hit the highway. And it was it's about a three hour drive. And I think her parents ride a town or something. So she said, come over for the weekend. And it's like a three hour drive. But it took me like four and a half, five hours. Because it was it was fucking terrible. And I wound up getting behind this semi. And just following the semi because the semi was like clearing the road. You drafted him the whole way. I like drafted the semi because like the the drift, the snow drift was so crazy. I was afraid out. I couldn't really see where the road was. Right. But the semi, you know, he's got all those fucking huge lights on him. And he's like, just plow him through. When he would go through all the snow, would blow off the road, you could see the lane. Right. So I just got behind him. And I just fucking, because I was trying to drive, you know, it was really dangerous. I was like, white knuckleed and starting to think I should turn around. And then I got locked in behind the semi. And I was like, yeah, I can make it. I was just fucking following this guy. We went slow. But I made it. And that I got, I got to the other end of that trip. And I was just like, holy fuck. You know, luckily, luckily things worked out. She saw that us true love. That's commitment. You know, commitment. And you still didn't come up with your with the cars. That hurts my feeling. But oh, no, I had to look it up. Toyota, Yaris. Nice. They done. Yeah. You're seeing that figurine taller than me, too, just for those who are keeping score. Yeah. Yep. Hey, you got to do what you got to do. I'm proud to say. That'd be the smallest. Let's see here. No airplanes. When you, okay. Yeah. No. There's a few things I've never understood. Like the whole like obsession with the mile high club. Like, if you're been with those bathrooms, like, bathrooms are disgusting anyways. You don't want to like, there's just nothing about that that I'm like, oh, this will be necessary. Yeah. On. Hey. Now I'm out. I'm out. I worked in the clubs. So like, you know, I see people fucking installs before. Yeah, of course. That's not good. That's disgusting animals. Oh, you know what I mean? Oh, get it. Come on, dusty. I'm trying to get some good ones here. Hit me up. It's close to circle five. Five. Where'd we? Oh, here's a good one. Any celebrity that you would love to train with? Oh. Why? I mean, love to train with a rock. That'd be fun. Right. You know, that'd be fun to train with a rock. Um, I don't know. What other celebrities? My initial was you Jackson. You Jackson. Jackson. Oh, I don't see them because I've seen it. He used to train at San Diego worlds. And I loved it because he was already John Cena at that point. And he would be in there fucking blasting. Like, like, leg day was like he was, you know, 19 year old kid just trying to get big fucking wheels, you know, I thought that was super impressive because it's like I can definitely see how success and money and all that could soften you if this isn't what you love to do. You know what I mean? Like he was training in there like he was there to work, not like he was John Cena. And like to the point that people weren't bugging when it was training because they knew better. But I don't think it was respect. It was more like, no, that fucking guy is getting after it. We just we'll wait over here. Yeah. Yeah. He would be he would be tough to keep up with. Literally that's how brutal. Yeah. So at the rock, I see the rocks work out. It's like, you know, he does a lot of like, you know, a lot of super sets and stuff and high wraps. Like you finish his workout with, you know, five sets of 20 on the on the safety bar squat and, you know, just like, like, this is a lot of sets. A lot of volume. I don't know. Hugh Jackman deadlifts heavy. He trains hard Wolverine. That's it. He chimes really hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. Yeah. There's been I remember when there is a deadlift video of him pulling like 450 when he was getting ready for Wolverine. He was deadlift in like 450 and everyone's like, you know, Jack, it's Hugh Jackman on steroids and people are like, no 450 is not a crazy deadlift. He's just real. He's doing real good for almost 50. He's like he's like in his mid 40s, right? Right. At that point. And they're like, Hugh Jackman trains real hard. He's a really good shape, you know. And I'm not bad. He is on TV because why were you not be a his. Yeah. Who gives a shit? It has nothing to do with why he's deadlifting 450. That's for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. It's me. Do you think there's a difference? Between body builders and influencers who compete? I don't like all in come with the answers. Because my answer is yes, but also no, but also no. Because like, oh, no, because literally, here's what's funny. If you were to say to me, are you a bodybuilder or you an influencer? I would not say bodybuilder. And that sounds funny to people, but it's like, my career exists because of influencing in social media. If it was the 90s, I'd be starving. If we were lying on winning as a bodybuilder to be the reason I'm sponsored, I wouldn't have any sponsors. So by default, I think I'm more that than the other. But in that exact same sentence, it's going to be really hard to find someone who bodybuilds more bodybuilder ish than I do. Right. You know what I mean? Like, because I would train this way without social media, I would. You know, and I guess it goes all the way back to like what is a bodybuilder because I don't think you have to even compete to be a bodybuilder. Right. You know, I think you have to compete to be a competitive bodybuilder, but that doesn't mean you're not bodybuilding. So yeah. Yeah. So here's my thing. Here's my thing. I totally agree with you with the yes and no sort of thing. It depends on how you want to word it. It's all down to semantics with this stuff. But one thing that I always wanted to do was I always wanted the term bodybuilding to have a more positive connotation to it. Right. So if someone is working out watching their nutrition, putting in some effort and wanting to physically look more muscular, right, whether it be, you know, I like how like I shoulders cap out and they don't know how to word it. You know, I want my triceps to pop more and they say, you know, they use words like that. Like, that don't really mean anything. You want to add muscle and lose fat. And you want to look cosmetically appear more muscular is what you want. You just don't know how to put it into words. Right. And if you use a word muscular, a lot of people are like, oh, oh, no, no, that's what you want. One apps, you want the cut here on the shoulder. That's more muscular. Right. I want those people to not be afraid to say they're doing some bodybuilding. Yeah, I'm taking up some bodybuilding. You got a new hobby. Instead of saying, I'm working out and trying to get leaner and trying to, you know, add a little muscle. They're afraid to use the word. And I think the word applies to them. They're their bodybuilding. They're their bodybuilding. Just like you might do another hobby of some kind, you know, I'm doing jujitsu at a lowest level. It's still jujitsu. Yeah, you're still doing some jujitsu, you know, pricing some jujitsu, you know, a sock, but a practicing some, you know, so they're doing some bodybuilding. Yeah. And I think that's across the board, right? Because yeah, I say that's my female clients as well. Well, when you're looking at your bodybuilding, they might be a bikini girl. But to me, that's all encompassing. Yeah, like a figure athlete contact in the other day and was asking me a lot of questions. And sometimes, and this is no offense to anyone too. And I don't mean this in a bad way. But when you're talking to someone about helping you, like a coach, there's, you know, sometimes people say stuff and you're just like, I don't really think I'm a good fit for this person. Yeah, all the time. You know what I mean? It just happens all the time. Anyways, I just said to this person, I was like, listen, you want to be a figure competitor, like, like, she started naming physiques that she loves. Right. And I'm like, yeah, you're to turn like a bodybuilder. Right. Well, like a significant number of years, so they'll click that. And she was like, well, no, but I don't want to be a bodybuilder. And I'm like, that's what a figure competitor is. It's a bodybuilder with great shape and genetics who I use and high heels who has built a certain type of physique, you know, with a lot of emphasis on silhouette and shape, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. And so I think people, some people don't quite get that. Yeah. And I also, I also feel your thing about how you like, you know, and my more of an influencer now that I am a bodybuilder. Like, it's weird word to use influencer. I hate that fucking word. But I don't expect anybody. You have to think about influencing is, is it's actually not the goal. So I like when someone will come on my page and argue with me about how I'm doing an exercise. I'm like, I didn't say you had to do it like this. Right. Right. Right. This is a video of me training the way I train. Yeah. And the results it gives me. But if you think it's shit, I wouldn't, if you told me it was shit right to my face, I wouldn't even like argue with you. But I'm okay. Yeah. I don't need you to do what I do. This is just what I do. You know what I mean? Yeah. I also try not to ever hate. I would say never hate the hot, you know, I can't ever hate on someone's hustle. You know? So someone is an influencer. I mean, fuck. They're getting paid. They're getting paid. You know, I might think they, I might not like their branding or whatever. But if they're getting paid for, you know, all the power to them. Did you just silence yourself, Dusty? You guys see, Dad? Hey. Okay. See, look at all this. See the commands. There we go. Are we going to need to edit this? No. We want to leave all that in. It's great stuff. It's great footage. So, so I got one for you. Shoot. Kind of been avoiding drug questions lately. Oh, we're going ahead on. Let's do this. Yeah. But so is there a big difference in the gear between powerlifting, strongman and bodybuilding? In my experience with top level guys. Yes. I don't know enough about strongman to comment. Powerlifting, their way harsh on their bodies and we are way, are sure. I've seen top level power actors cycles and I'm like, oh, fuck. And then to that insult to injury because I know nutrition, a lot of them and not all, but a lot of them still haven't evolved on the eating. So they're also eating terrible food. And I'm like, so you're already a little overweight and you're taking these drugs and you're poisoning yourself with food. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. So I totally agree on the strongman thing. I honestly don't know if I've really talked to many strongman about drugs at all. I have a fact like a lot of this strongman. I've known I've just been like drug-free strongman to be honest. But I don't know much about that. But the real serious powerlifting that I've talked to. First of all, they don't bother with any they don't bother with having the drugs that a bodybuilder would use because you know fat loss and hardness related. They're just not using them for the most part. But I have seen some really, really high doses of test and really high doses of trend and huge amounts of anodrol and stuff like that. Where I was enough where it made me go like, oh fuck. Yeah. You know, so and you're right about the food, you know, you know, you wonder what the blood lipids look like when there's a, you know, constant influx of, you know, McDonald's and shit. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not asking you if you're fucked. I'm just wondering how fucked you are. Right. Right. Right. But yeah, that's all I really know. I've just, you know, seen some crazy cycles. You can have dinner with five people that are alive. Who would they be and why? Oh damn. Yeah. Five people. And we're going to, we're, let's, I'm going to skip on adding like dead family members and shit. Just trying to get people that I can actually. Yeah. I want interesting answers. I don't want, I don't want to say oh my, oh my, my cousin Dave, who's a good guy. I don't want that. Yeah. I believe you, Dave does not. Good guy, but it doesn't matter. Yeah. So I'm really interested in your answer to be honest. Well, there's two that I want to add right off the bat. Okay. So no, let's go three. Fuck, there's three guys that I would love to sit and have dinner with. And then I'm going to add two for my own selfish reasons. Perfect. So we're going to go with Joe Rogan. That's a big, great. Well, he's a professional, long-form conversation with the most interesting people in the world. Minus. So yeah, invite Joe Rogan. He's got some stories and he's got a lot of other and he's got a lot of other stories. Yeah. And he has his own stories. Yeah. And then he get Elon Musk. Yep. I have him on my list. And then he get Dan Carlin. Do you know who Dan Carlin is? The host of Hardcore history? No. It's an amazing podcast. Dan Carlin does these insane six hour journeys into like an epic point in human history. He'll do like a he's got like a nine hour series on gangas con. You know, revenge of the cons or whatever he calls it. And it's all about the whole Mongol empire and you know, all that crazy shit. And so he does, some of the world were to podcast that he has or just so unbelievably in depth. And I would have Dan Carlin because to hear him talk about history is just mind-boggling. The details that he would go into. And then I would invite, I would invite Brian Johnson for Macy DC. Of course, because I just would love to hear that guy's stories, man. And the fifth person got Dan. So top of him. You know, do you just have someone really fun like have Seth MacFarlane? You know, you couldn't really go, couldn't really go wrong. Couldn't go wrong. What am I going to favorite moments with Seth MacFarlane dinner of five? If there used to be a show called dinner dinner with dinner for five. Right. I was on Bravo. And it was John Favro hosted it. John Favro? Yeah. And he would have just random guests and they would eat dinner and that was it. And one episode was Tony Hawk and Seth MacFarlane. And you know, three other people. Right. And Tony Hawk was talking about how he got a dollar aboard back in high school when he was first becoming famous. Powell and Pralto was making the Tony Hawk board and they gave a dollar a board. Right. And he goes, well, how many boards did they sell? And he goes, oh, about a million the first year. And Seth MacFarlane goes, oh, so what you do he goes, I bought a house in grade 11. And Seth MacFarlane goes, I would have so turned to drugs. Oh my god, the amount of things. Seth, you have to have Seth. You have to have Seth. You're still as quotes, so like with Tony Hawk, where he was like, like his teachers would be like, this is never going to go anywhere for you. And he's like, I'm already a millionaire. Like, could you imagine like, because they were that clueless back then. Yes. But now you would say that in grade 11. Yeah, and you're like, I'm actually, you know, the big house on the streaming house, yeah, that's mine. Yeah, actually it's bought a house, but my parents won't let me move into it yet. Yeah, I'm not paying cash because it was, you know, I don't have credit, so I just bought it. God, that's great. You know what's funny? Is I almost think it would be fun to intentionally build like you just said a conversation. Right. Like, I, you know, like, I want to have an explosive dinner. Like, I think I'll have Hillary and Trump. Right, right, right, exactly. Go that rather than to like, like, like, I might just fuck the world up with this one. You know, want to take part, or do you just want to eat and observe? Yeah, I'll be just a bit of a big Bernie, take your mittens off, so we can find it this going. Yeah. Yeah, just make it a terrible one. But no, if I was, if I was really going to, you know what I'd probably do, without going in a crazy depth, I would pick a player from each era of hockey. Oh, yeah, see that like, Gordy how. Yeah, like, and just go, go way back all the way to current to just see, because I think it would also be fun to watch like in a leat guy now, you know, even even someone is as old now or seasons now as like a Sydney, Crosby, imagine him sitting there having a conversation with, you know, Bobby Hole or something, like people who were around like, we're done before he was born. Yeah, yeah, you know, because I would definitely be into that, because I've been watching a lot of hockey again lately and the sports not what it used to be. I don't even, I mean, I'm entertained, but I don't love it like I used to. It's not even the same sport. Yeah, you know, so I can definitely, unlike, you know, people have their arrows and bodybuilding in hockey, it's not a question. If you ask any hockey player, they will tell you the game is different than it was when I was a kid. Yeah. Well, I mean, the goalies are completely armored with way more padding. Well, and everything is just soft. I mean, and like, what are the rules of change? And there's all kinds of rules of change. Fighting will be changed. And yeah, it's frowned upon. I mean, truthfully, and it's funny, because I feel like our entire world just keep getting softer and softer. Like, you know, kind of back to like you were saying, like Tom Brady taking heat, we're not wearing a mask. Yeah. When they go someplace, the entire game without a mask. Yeah. And then, you know, and they like these guys, like, it used to be an unwritten rule if you had a visor on, because when I got played in juniors, not every head to a vibe, just to get up and open face. Or if you were under age, like when I was 16 playing in juniors, we had to wear a mask mask legally. But if I thought I would step back and take my entire helmet off. Right. Like you take it off for them. Now in the NHL, if you take your helmet off, it's an additional penalty. Right. And I'm like, why don't I fight? You got a 90% of this fucking face is covered. Yeah. Like it just seems pointless. You know, so yeah, I would like to get that going. I probably leave off the current air because they're posses, but, you know, that's a good action. The early 2000s and go backwards. There you go. That's a good answer. You could do that a million times. I would be a great show to host again. That show come back on that you just made me think that there was like four seasons of that show. And that a bunch of really interesting episodes. There was a couple where the guests started fighting like it wasn't friendly at all. I can totally see that though. I remember one episode. His name is Rory. The actor's name is Rory. And he was I can't remember his last name, but he was in CSI the Vegas one. Oh, right. Actually, well, so yeah. Anyways, the actor's name is Rory. He was in that and I think it was the Vegas one. Anyway, so he was on the, he was at the dinner table and Vince Bond was at the dinner table. And they had like some previous thing where like, brought it to dinner. No, Vince Vince like started hammering him. He's like, so blah, blah, blah, blah, and you could tell Rory was like, Vince, those people are my friends. We've run through this like, and he's like, blah, blah, blah, and he's like, once again, Vince, like, they're, I'm friends with them, but blah, and you, and, and it was just really weird thing where the rest of the table was like, what's going on? And Vince just started being a fucking dick. And I remember after that episode, I was like, Vince Bond seems like a fucking prick. He seemed like he was going out of his way to be a super huge dick on that episode. I remember it was really weird. So I was just wondered that about him. He wonder how many people are in real life. Yeah. Okay. Is it my turn? Sure. Yeah. Which is your turn. Would you, if so, here's a funny question. I'm going to tweak it a little bit. Is there any point of wealth where you would get a custom made toilet? No, just by a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would definitely buy a good one. But yeah, no, I can't even imagine, but I like the question because it's weird enough that I can answer that. I saw, you know, how people get stuff wrapped now? Hmm. Like they'll get their car wrapped or whatever. They can get like toilets wrapped, right? So I've seen some funny toilets on Instagram that are like wrapped with like the logo of the business that they're in. I don't want to be shit in on my business. You know, they're in the same, it's like a vinyl wrap. It's just funny. It looks funny. Oh my god, that's that that's going to be the next thing. Oh, if you want, we can show you our toilet for $1,000 a year. You can make it. I'm going to send this to PDF. Your business logo will wrap the whole thing up for you. Right here. You're going to, you're going to piss right on the logo in the urinal. It's going to be great. There you go. Here's, here's a great one. It's just a fun one. We're going to have to take it serious. Who wins in a fight? A fat axle rose or a fat vince Neo. It's a great question. Oh god. I can't, I mean, I can't see Axe Rose fighting his way out of a wet paper sack to be honest with you. No. I just can't. So like, I'm going to give the victory the other way just by default. You think vince had taken? Yeah, just because I can't see him, like I can't even imagine him being in a fight. Yes, some people like you're like, they're like, oh, someone's so good in a fight and it's some celebrity. Like, I like to see that. Right. There's somebody told me that Tom Hardy knocks him out of the night. Come on, be like, you're looking at him. I can't see that a little bit. You know, I, I don't, I give somebody said that that that that that happens with Axe Rose. I'm like, oh, you mean a security guard punch, somebody. Cool. Nice. Yes. Yes. What, what, what, what, you agree, you disagree? I, I'm not sure. I'm trying to think, you know, back in the day, I would definitely put save-ins with wind. Right. You know, I don't know. Why only view them back in the day, because, you know, after after their careers kind of end in my end, my brain, that's all they are. They don't engage. They don't die for legends. That's funny. I had a few, you know, when people, so let's, let's help people out on this. If you want your question answered, you've got to try to keep it to the actual post, because if you send a DM, they get lost. Oh, yeah. I mean, I got a couple of those, and I usually, because I'm only on this page when we're talking, I can't. Right. I know, they get lost. What, what about um, oh shit. I had a list of things that I was going to ask Dusty, and I, I had an asked Dusty list made up here on my phone. Okay, I'm still, here's my question for you Dusty. Yes. I still haven't bought a vehicle. And I've bought them like three since you started looking, but yeah. What, what's wrong with me? Why don't I care enough to pull the trigger on this? It's probably what's right with you. Like, if you, I mean, like here true, true story, this is coming from the dumbest person you know, who buys cars like some big deal. You drive like seven miles a day. Here's a fact. Well, the, the, the, the kilometers won't mean anything to you, but I only put 3,000 kilometers on my G-plus year, which is like, I don't know, with 1700 miles. Okay. So, yeah, you put, you put less miles on your Jeep. I have more miles on my truck. Like here, to give you an idea of how much I drive. I have 8,000 miles on my new truck. It had four of the day I bought it. So, if I'm you and straight up to, you don't have pristine weather. 1800 miles. That's how I, how much I drew a last year, 1800 miles. I have a really hard time telling you that's a good idea to spend any amount of money when you have number one because those who don't know, you don't drive a gelopy. You don't have an older Jeep, but it's not a piece of shit. It's not dinged up and got a huge dent in broken, you know what I mean? Ah, it's pretty clean. It's decent. It is, but if you drove around a ton, I could see like, well, you want to have something a little nicer. It'd be really hard for me to tell you, even if you had frivolous extra money, like put it down payment on another house. Right, right. You don't have to say it. And because you don't care. If you told me I didn't buy a bike, I started collecting or started collecting bicycles and I buy them and sell them. I'd be like, that's cool. That would make even more sense to me. Even if you were like, yeah, I built it nice all of the next day. But like, cool, you make it. Yeah, my tour box. Awesome. Hobby. Okay. Yeah, I don't, I don't, as much as I love to give you shit because I actually know your drive. I'm like, like, Ron probably has to have his gas removed from the tank because it's going to go bad and then they put new gas in. Well, I've got that old handy. So no, no gas gets removed. Even though I only drive 3000 kilometers a year, I still managed to sell you. You still have one, some month, as you're going to say. It's like every three weeks I fill up. It's still, it's still sucks. It sucks gas. I'll hear. Here's a question. Did you ever go through a phase? And I know the answer for you is probably no, but I have a story about this. Have you ever baked anything or cooked anything for other people because you were dieting and you couldn't enjoy yourself? Yes. Okay. Yeah. What's an example? Well, I've done multiple thanksgivings and Christmas's while in crap of some sort. So we've had full on meals that every on an eye have prepared that people can also prepare. Okay. There you go. Thanksgiving the whole thing. So yeah, I mean, I did, I did the bitch work. I'm not over there cooking too much. You're mash it at the house. But you know it's funny too, isn't it? And I know you're the same way. I like, I used to have clients when I was in prep and I'd send them like to have their cheat meal. Like, hey, semi pictures. It's a very important. Somebody food porn. I won't see this shit. It's gonna be porn. It's a food porn. Or I used to watch dinosaurs driving the dives doing cardio all the time. Yeah. And I think a lot of bodybuilders do. So same thing with cooking. Like, yeah. And if I make something good, I would absolutely. Like, if I knew how to make a hell of a cookie, I'd make a cookie as well. I was diving. Right. I remember my, I used to live with my best friend. We lived together like seven years. And he was always trying to gain weight. And I remember one year I was diving for a show. And he was really trying to gain weight. And so I would blend them up these crazy shakes. I could put ice cream and I throw a cookie in there. And I'd fucking blend them up these like gourmet. Did you ask him what, how is it? Oh, yeah. And then I'd like poured in. I, I, I, I remember I chilled a glass. I could put a glass in the freezer. You know what, the greatest or whatever. We were both bartenders, right? So we knew how to do it. So I poured them like a nice frothy shake. And I'd take it over and I go, hey, try that, try that. You know, I need to take a drink, but I go, he fuck, that's thick and sweet. I'd be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, it goes all that down, because I let it go. You see, you see, I said, you're getting off. I'm like, tell me about it. He had a hard time drinking. He'd be like, fuck, it's so filthy. He'd be like, go on, go on, go on. I'm standing there starving. This fucking, yeah, yeah, it gets you gaining weight. You're growing as I speak. You're growing as I speak. You are gaining a weight I'm losing. Fucking great. I got one more, but you gotta go first. I like just fire away. Do you need a still balancing act? Go. You know, mind, you know, mind. I had a good one here. Why, a couple. Okay. So someone asked me, they go, do you ever worry about your brand changing as you change and losing followers or interest in your accounts? And then they mentioned my biking. If you start posting biking stuff for you, worry that your bodybuilding followers are going to leave you. That's actually a great question. Um, I, here's what's funny. So I'm just talking from a fan stance with you. My answer is no. It would, if anything, because this is the connection, I'm actually working with the athletes from condemned labs on how to do this better. I like knowing what you do. I don't care that I don't do it. Um, and you are still a absolute voice in the sport. Like I cannot replace, I mean, there are very few people truthfully in the industry who are, who I can communicate with, that have your knowledge. You don't say in, because it's kind of like I have to do. You know, it's like if I look at a pseudo, right? I don't think Chris even goes to the gym anymore. You know, but as fascinated as I am with the bodybuilding side, I wish you would put more real estate stuff up. Right. Because that was one of the most fascinating things I learned about him when I worked with him was when I found out that he doesn't like do a little real estate. Like it's he owns a city more or less. Right. You know, and that was like, oh, and now of course you and I have both went to him for advice on building our portfolios and those things, you know, yeah. So now I don't, and I think also if you do lose people, you gain new ones, so it doesn't matter. Right. You know, plus I think the other thing for me, the final is, I mean, I always say I like the number my reach to be good because that creates a value for finances, but I have never in my life stopped and said if I'd post this, will I lose followers? Right. I don't give a shit. Yeah. If I want to put something up, I will, and it's the same thing with the way I do my personal life or the dogs or my truck. Like I don't care. Like this is what this is my page is what I want to do. If I want to post a picture of my truck every damn day, you might get bored of it and stuff following me. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So it's funny because it never crossed my mind until this person brought it up. Yeah, because that's how you think. I never thought like, oh, if I post this, this video, this bike video on my story, someone might, you might not like it right across my mind. Yeah. First of all, another thing dusty. How about this? How about I still, and I must be a generational thing? I still have an absolute disconnect between what I put on my Instagram and what I think the people in my life. Like whenever somebody from the gym goes, oh, I saw your video, or you saw your story or I saw your post. There's always like, oh, you did. Right. Like my real world life as one of the owners of West Coast that interacts with members. I forget that this world and my Instagram world all mix with that. Like I, I quite often I put stuff on Instagram and I think it just goes out and just go like out to see. Right. And then someone from the gym will be like, oh, sorry, video, and I'm always there. There's always like a little bit of like, oh, you did, but it's just funny. And sometimes I'm not one of those people that like, you know, how some people like they always check to see who saw their story and all that stuff. Right. I swear, I push that button like once a month. Yeah, because you'll ask me, multiple cages, you're like, I don't know if you saw my story on my guy's heart. Right. And I just we communicate back and forth. I do notice about the algorithm and stuff. If you opened it, you would know I saw it, because I'd be in the top little group of your people who saw it as we, because we message. Yeah. So you would see me up high by default. You know, I just don't check it. If you looked it, every time I'm only likes your picture, it'll always be in the top three little bubbles for you. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because I, because I'd go back and forth. So yeah, like, you don't register that way, but you know, it's crazy. The world really does. It's fun. I had a, I had a bad experience today. Good for me, but bad in general. I've been dealing with the cocks, the cable company here. Since I moved into this place, I've had issues with the bill. So finally, I got a call that I had an $800 bill. I was like, fuck it. I'm driving in. I just have to deal with this. I go in, calm. I said, look, dude, this is a train rack. Given the rundown. Right. Here's what I need. Okay. We'll see what we can do. It was what I get. Very nice guy. But it was very like, we'll see. He goes back to talk to the manager where when he comes out, a guy who had apparently just moved to town recognized me and deduced himself, oh, love your content, yada yada yada, then he walks away. He leaves. I told him about my gems, stuff like that. Then literally two minutes later, a girl walked over and asked for a picture. So took a picture. She leaves. Next thing I know, the manager's helping me and it's all handled. Right. And I'm like, what a fucked up world. So just because you, you know, they, you've realized there may be some sort of poll, some sort of negative action that might take place. Now you give a fuck about my problem. Whereas before it was wheel C, now it's you're not dealing with the sales associate anymore. Right. And I left. I text a friend of mine. I'm like, this is a fucked up world. Like, so what my mom would have been shitt on in the exact same scenario. Right. Interesting. So there is like, there is like, like you said that that off to see thing in your brain, the rest of the world doesn't see it that way. And I'm the same way, like I always call it the fake land because if I stop posting tomorrow in a week, no one will give a shit. Yeah. I mean that negatively and I appreciate it or the does, but that's just how life works. And that's that's cool. But you have to keep that in mind. And that's why people like you and I. It's like, let's put up what I want. The only thing I have to do is remember to put things up. Yeah, exactly. Because I think if I did actually know this, if it weren't for some form of business, I wouldn't have social media. I find there's a lot of headaches to come with it for people in their relationships and stuff. I'm like, I don't need that. I'll text around the picture myself. I wanted to see it. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. You know. Yeah. I remember I saw someone like, I don't know why this, I remember this, but the rock posted like a picture of as Tequila. Right. And someone commented like, we're not going to buy your fucking Tequila man, just post your normal shit. I've never just taken like, just people out there that take the time to write that. On first of all, the rock's going to post whatever the fucking wants. Secondly, he's always trying to make a buck. So, you know, that post that you liked. Yeah, he's wearing under armor head to toe and it did you notice the under armor? Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like, they just don't get it. They just don't get how it works. So some people are like that. They, some people don't want you to change. Right. They don't, they want you to fit perfectly into this convenience slot. Dusty Han Chau is a bodybuilding information source for me. He's not allowed to have an outside interest or, and if he posts about something else, I'm going to actually take the time to be irritated. I like when they tell you that they're they're unfollowing you. I'm like, yeah, you can just laugh. Okay. Yeah. You know, especially because I do find it funny like, so my video guy from last weekend is a Democrat and voted for Biden and he and I were given each other a shit all weekend. I was like, well, obviously we have to write this fucking mask. It's your country now. You know, like, just jabs and I were like, we were laughing because like, you imagine how seriously the rest of the world would take this conversation. I'm like, we don't give a fuck. Like, it's cool. He's wrong. I'm right. It's fine. But, he's not afraid. But you know what I mean? Like, like, I, I, I, I, I still text him today and we're still friends. And the rest of the world, you can't disagree on anything or like the, the RDS defleg that you sent me yesterday. I was laughing because I'm like, here, here, Rodin, I have a totally different version of what it means. So you should probably have just unfollowed me immediately. Right. It's almost like I. So I want to talk about that. You should throw this up now that I've brought it up blindly. So one thing that I think there's confusion on and it's just a linguistics issue is I use the term stiff flag deadlift for any hamstring dominant deadlift. That's just the, it's what comes out of my mouth. Right. It's what I say. Stretch position, hip extension with a barbell in your hands. Right. I call it a stiff leg dead. I always have, you know, like if you watch blood and guts to see Dorian do stiff leg dead on the platform, you know, he picks it up off the floor, but then he goes down like midshin and back up and it's very ham, glute dominant. Just a, just a hamstring dominant deadlift. But now there is, there's people that when I say stiff leg deadlift, they think I mean, like, with your legs, like, like fucking locked out. Right. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, there's a bit of a bend in there and you can move a little bit and it's about working the hamstring is a fine in your groove and, you know, there's, you know, but now R D L is the super popular thing. And I don't, I'm not sure who to blame for R D L. I kind of want to blame Jordan. I don't really remember anyone saying R D L. And I don't remember R D L being used a lot until like Jordan Peters was really getting big on the R D L's. And and I was just kind of watching it going, oh, that's just like a stiff leg deadlift, but he's kind of touching the floor. Right. That's all I saw it as, but then you had that question that really wanted to differentiate between the two and and I felt like, and I picked it by picture like, that's not what I, yeah, and then you were like, stiff leg deadlifts can be dangerous. And I was like, oh, so that, you know, you're talking about like lock in a leg. So I don't know. I don't know where I'm going with that. I don't know. There's no point, Tania, that I just want to just. It doesn't matter, but it's money because that, but that is back to what I say. Like, I could see in our world to be blark doing over that. And it's like, you know, you guys are greedy, right? Well, then that's all. That's almost a metaphor for like the last four years of politics. Right. A lot of like, just, you realize that on like 90% of issues you guys agree. Like, you know, just fight on all. You fight on 100% because the other guys wrong. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so, so yeah, I was a, you know, I use a term stiff leg deadlift, but I don't mean to lock your legs and do like a fucking perfectly straight leg and all that stuff. And just, you know, I feel like I'm misunderstood, dusty. You know, as far as I used like two years ago, I said French press. So talking to trainer and he looked at me. Got like the dog look where the head tilted. Yeah. That's like, it's a French. I think it's easy bars. I like, yeah, you're okay. So behind the neck, try some extension. He was, oh, yeah, that's like same shit. Yeah. Call it what you will. The thing where you put the arms up over your head there with their event. You good. There they go. We all good here. Did you love my extremely popular comment on your picture, but I asked if you were camping? I said, it was funny because I got so much that weekend I was so busy and I kept wanting to go back and say, clamping real quick. Oh, and else did. Yeah. Oh, did they? Yeah, something else. It's, I don't think. Yeah. I was, I was blown, you know, it's crazy. I've had a few post recently where like, you know, you ever noticed when you like you put some thought into something like it's kind of a heavy topic and people are like, like, and then I'm like, I like hot dogs. I get 700 comments. So that I've had that happen a few times recently where I'm like, I was going to answer those, but man, there's 150 comments. Yeah. The wedge hit one button. It says, thanks to everybody. You know, it's why I find myself by default doing what you're not supposed to do, which is only answering the assholes. And you're not interacting with the actual fans. People, well, the people who actually bring value to the page. Yeah, that what the toy that well, there actually helpful in doing something beneficial for me and for them. I've ditched them to talk shit to the asshole. And I'm like, damn it. Trick to get him by the dumb ass. Well, it's not the first time does he? No, I'm not a typical one to trick. So, let's be honest here. So, so we got, so next Sunday's Valentine's Day. What are you doing? You know, did you buy me something nice? No, I was just saying, you know, what's what's your Valentine's we can look like? I've always been I'm a person town. Oh, so we're probably wills in town. He's supposed to be hanging out with his wife. So he's going to train with us two days or also my videos are going to have a version of Leroy Davis. And make sure that you wear red and white. It's all red and white for Valentine's Day. That's some pink because I don't know. I like those pink. It was like, yeah, red, white and pink. Perfect. Valentine's Day. Red, white and pink. Yeah, I can do that. I would love for you to do it up. It's team effort. Everyone in the video. Yeah, I like to look sharp. You know it's truthfully all kidding aside. I've never said well, I shouldn't have never. I've never enjoyed celebrating Valentine's on Valentine's. We have always went a day before a day after because I get limited menus. Yeah, and bullshit crowds and waiting for tables and bullshit. Yeah. Now what I mean, I'm fortunate because I know some of people like I can get into, I get into a restaurant the day before Valentine's Day. No problem. But you go in and because they're moving tables, they're like, here's your menu. And that's seven things. I'm like, where's the normal menu? I come here all the time. Yeah, yeah, just let's just come on a Tuesday and we'll celebrate Valentine's Day. So literally that is always been my move. So every year no matter what the day is Valentine's Day, we don't do shit. And a couple days before after. That's so Emily's birthday is this week. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 126 again, 26 again. So tomorrow I'm taking her to my buddy's got a really cool business, Mint smile bar, give him a little plug. What is that? We're getting our teeth, like super whitened and getting like moisture, facials and everything. It's gonna be like the fanciest Metro's most metro sexual thing I've ever done. Are you going to save your face before you? Well, you know, just trim around the, you're gonna make sure you trim back. You're gonna moisturize around the eyes and you know, I'm not getting any boat talks or anything. I said give me the non-surgical micro-hurn. And he's like, that doesn't exist. That's all surgery. And he's like, he's like, okay, it's my expensive creams involved that we can do that. We call it the Hollywood. And I was like give me the Hollywood. Hey, actually call it that. Yeah, yeah. So I'm getting the Hollywood. Hollywood on the face. The white and the teeth too. Yeah, they do the teeth. It's a smile bar. That's the mean thing. I have teeth are terrible. I don't know. You know, I just, yeah, I'm going to go for it. I like it. And does she know? Yeah, so she, she, she, she would, she's going to consider this, like a huge effort on my part. Oh, yeah, you're definitely scoring late points for sure. Yeah, she knows. I had to tell her my camera going to smile bar. We got a couple hours. Yeah, after you were jeans. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Jeans and my red checks. Do you see what's happening right there? No, I'm feeling it. That's prepared for like fancy. Yeah, jeans on. Yeah. Yeah. I know it's going to be an afternoon date. We're going to the smile bar together. Like couples do. We haven't done like a couple thing in a long, taller than the, you know, the whole, you know, which isn't couple. That's just our human human. Yeah, human. Okay. You know, fantastic smile bar. It's a very open smile bar. Yeah, I just stepped it for you. I just tried to run by it for those who. That's so funny. You know, it's funny is that when I send her text messages, I call it sometimes I'll text her. Okay. What time you home from the gym? And then I'll send this one and this one. Classic. No wonder she loves you. No wonder she loves you. Hey, what time are you done with clients? Bing. Hey, Ron, I have a question for you. Have you ever accidentally sent one of your clients a message that was family? Never mind. I know the answer. So go, go, go. You have to tell the story. There are two incidents. There are two times in my life when I have sent a text that was very clearly for Emily. Very, because you were requesting groceries. Got it. Got it. And yeah, it was a list of groceries that I was going to require later. Um, list of things I wanted in my mouth. Um, list of things I want later. Um, yeah, there were two times when I accidentally sent an Emily text to someone else. One time went to a, um, a very good female friend of mine that I've known for 20 years. Um, she was a sports. Well, she was not surprised that I would say such things. I'm pretty sure that she probably knew it wasn't for her before she got to the end. Like, she probably figured out this was, and then my, you said there was an end. Like, you drugged my paragraph three. She realized it was not for her. So what I'm going to do to tonight is first, I'm going to do it out of it. And then the dotted up and then maybe at the end, I'll fit in some of this. Yeah. Oh, and then the very next text like 30 seconds later is like obviously a mistake, not meant for you. Sorry about that one. Yeah, she just replied with like, oh, Ron, there's something, you know, and like a lot of good black face. Um, and then another time I, um, I, so I was sitting down. Oh, God, Dr. Tell this. Yes, I sitting down. And you know, sometimes you just have like a spontaneous erection, right? Like, like, you just, you just think to yourself, you're like, Gary, I am supposed to be doing some work, but I've got like a raging heart on. Right? It happens. It happens. And so I kind of gave it a flex. You know, and you flex it, flex it, you know. And it was like, it was like moving in my jeans. Right? I was making my jeans go up and down. So I videoed it. Oh, I'm supposed to do it. And it's so bad. It's moving in my jeans. And I was like, oh, look, look, and I was tired. I think I was talking like, oh, look, there's a you know, like, so just terrible. And then I like sent the video, but you know, when you're having like multiple conversations, like your clear and things up with clients, and then you take a minute to video your dick. And then you go back to and then I realized I sent the video to a client. And he or she was the receiver. I just immediately said, please do not open that. Of course, I assume they did, but there was a lot of laughter and suit. And it don't worry. Yeah. I got to be as if he sent that. Somebody said something that said, do that. But that I'd be like, we'll fucking out after. Yeah, there's no way in there. There's no way in you just hope the dust settles and everything's okay and life moves on. Right? I mean, listen, we can't really end the show on a better note than you videoing your penis through your jeans. So we've all done that. And talk to it during the process. Well, it's part of the video. You're trying to be funny. Right? You're like, oh, look who's away. You know, I can't remember. I, you know, it was, it's a little blurry. I tell the story with a bit of blur, but you know, my face hurts. That was, luckily, luckily, I found out through my fuck ups in life generally from beginning to end. That every time I fuck up and I have a little horrified, I realize that no one else is really surprised. Yeah, you've established how fucked up you are in general. And I would just kind of shock to you. Yeah, like it just kind of like is okay. And I'm like, wow. So I don't know if that's a good thing or bad thing to ask you, but here we are. We're still here. People are as far as I know still listening. I might have stopped during that conversation. Whatever. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. On that note, thanks everybody. So I think we should book a guess for next week. Deal. Because I've got one waiting off to do a send a text. We'll see if we can make it happen. So we'll talk about that right after we're done. Sounds good. Okay. We'll see you guys later. Remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. It's just bodybuilding.