And he was the inspiration for the wall. The inspiration for the wall's got comes from this guy's Instagram. He's got like all his co-bane guitars. He's got a cosnervana collection all hanging up right. And they're all like perfect to speck because he knows what he's doing. So now he's like sponsored by a wall hanger as Instagram people get. It's a free wall hanger from that company. Thank you. You know what I mean? Yeah. So this guy, so here's, I don't know how much money he's making. I'm sure he's making some. But it's inspiring to me and I think it's awesome. So it's Nirvana guitars. That's his Instagram handle. You know what I mean? Not that anyone needs to care about the one I'm just making an example. Yeah. So this guy is just such a fan of Nirvana that he's got all the guitars perfectly. Spect, perfectly built exactly to Kurt's thing. He knows a history of every single thing that he ever did to his guitars. Yeah. He's got all his guitars. He's got all the right pedals. He's, he's, you know, mastered the proper tones for every album. He's just like deep dive master fan, right? And he's got a fucking Amazon store that sells all the parts you need. The stickers you need, the fucking pickups you need. Nice. Now he's making a living off something he loves. He's got a lot of something he loves. He's got like, you know, a couple hundred thousand YouTube, like, you know, it's getting, it's getting good for him. And I just like, it goes back to like what Gary V says about fucking just what do you love to do? Yeah. Like you now have this in your hand. You can communicate with the whole planet now. So there might only be 10 people in your area that care about your thing. And yeah, you can't make a living off 10 people. But there's a million people worldwide that care about your thing. And maybe you can make a dollar from every one of them. Yeah. There you go. You know, and it just the power of the phone and the power of YouTube and the power of just loving something and putting it out there into the world. You know, I just think it's really cool. So this guy has turned his Nirvana obsession into like a really cool Instagram page, a great YouTube channel and money flowing in. So it's just, you know, reminder to everybody if you're thinking of doing something man, just fucking get doing to start chip in a way, you know, they'll find you. So like Dusty and it's cigars, you know? True. It's awesome. So episode number and we don't do numbers anymore. So I could doesn't matter. We stopped doing numbers. I'm okay with that. Of course, Bigger on part load Dusty hands, Shaw, scummy, now you're a producer. I got a bunch of Instagram questions for us. Like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Ring it. And comment with questions for the next show. Yeah, and comment on YouTube with questions for the next show. We'll get a lot of really good news. Thank you. Remember mutant, you got mutant supports a show. So remember to go on IM mutant.com with our discount codes, Bigger on 20 or you can use Dusty 20. Exactly. You know what to see? I tried to drop the enthusiasm a little bit just to see if you'd notice. I thought if it's some people speaking that tone, they feel better. It's like if I yell at you, you don't really listen. But if I whisper, I'll listen. We can do the whole show like that. Bigger on 20. We're gonna hear that in their sleep now. They're just gonna start ordering middle of the night. Bigger on 20. I hope so. Sleep ordering is where I make my box. I love you, sure. I'd hit that. Yeah, so it's a six or three thing. Yeah, it's just a card because obviously, you know, what they made. Yes. Yeah, yeah. I have a collection of shirts that I like to wear around and then inappropriate times. This was just one of those muffins. Perfect. I have a bunch of people I want to hear you enjoy them. I just bought a shirt that I'm really proud of. But I always feel like I got a brand. I got to either be West Coastier, mutiny on the show. You know what I mean? Occasionally I've worn like another gym shirt. But most of the time I just try to like brand. But maybe I'll move to like you guys got like your fun shirts on today, you know? Maybe you could. You should, I mean, don't do like a crew Jones, Rad Racing shirt. Actually, I have a rad t-shirt, yes, I do. Do you really mean it's amazing? That's amazing. That's amazing. My buddy. That's changing for sure. Okay. How about I wear the rad shirt next time? Good. For sure. I'd have a so number who fucking cares. Um, yeah. Okay. What's new with you guys? Any stories we missed since last episode? Anything important? I feel like nothing really happens in my life. You know what I mean? That's what I was going to the gym. And I got a you flew to Vegas. You think it's a fluida. Yeah, but that's not been taught. I've been taught already. I'm a last show. We're going to England. We got to go to a freaking Dubai. Wow. A lot of stuff going on. You guys are going to Dubai? Yes. Yeah, we're going to Dubai and the October for the muscle show. What's you guys had more to do, Ron? I wish you didn't have such a poor life. You know? It was a weird thing. That's amazing. Have you guys been to Dubai before? Ron has, right? I was in Dubai. So the good thing about this trip to Dubai is that I get a redo of my last trip to Dubai, which did not turn out well. So that's a good chance to have a lot more fun this time. My last trip to Dubai, I think I mentioned it. I got sick on the way over there on the plane. On the plane, I was like, I'm getting sick. You know, and by the time I got to London and I was like, wait for my flight to Dubai, I was like full on, like looking for nasal spray and cold meds. And I got on the plane. I was like, I couldn't breathe through my nose. And my eyes were both running, like watering and running. And I was like, getting hit with the brutal head cold. And I started to get like the, where you can't make a fist, you know? And by the time I got off the plane and Dubai, I was just full blow and like cold slash fluy mass, I looked like a mass. So if you know if you take enough pseudo a fed during your eyes, I'll stop running. And you can actually like look like you're okay. You know, you can like bluff that you're not completely brutally sick and contagious. And then you can go to the expo and shake hands with everybody. So of course, that's what I've done. This is pre-COVID. You just drug up. No one cares about your germs. They just care about how you look. Right. Yeah. We just need you. We just need you here. Make yourself presentable. Wash your hands. Don't care. Like pre-COVID, no fucks given. Show up at the expo. Yeah. So I just like sucked it up. I didn't even train. I was there. It was a Dubai for five days. Didn't leave the hotel to do anything except go to the expo. And then the very last day we were there, I started to feel a little better. Like I was like, oh fuck, just in time to go home, you know? Yeah. And I had a client there. This awesome client I had there that I helped out. She took me out to a restaurant out of mall for a meal. We had a good time. And that mall had like the biggest, in biggest fucking shark tank of every scene in my fucking life inside it. Like this giant aquarium that was like a million gallons. It was like a city block aquarium. Like it was fucking massive. And I remember just thinking like, oh, the whole city's like this and I didn't really get to see much damn. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, and now I did see the birds. I stood at the bottom of the bird. I looked out that was kind of close to our hotel. So it was no big deal. But it was incredible to stand below it and look up at it. It's like unbelievably tall. Like you just, you can't wrap your brain around it. And they got this. I was eating at like a cafe outside the bird. Like looking up, you know? And they do this thing when that gets night time. The whole bird's like does this light show? Like the whole building is lit up. Just does this like light dance? I'm sure you've seen videos of it. It was pretty crazy. But yeah, that's I didn't see much of the city at all. And I was super sick the whole time. So I'm looking for a redo. That's cool. So that was really travels without me. It just goes sideways. So here I am, just save the day. You know, and when do you guys do that? No. And the October and October. And what's that for? Muscle show. Biggest food there. Nice. Yeah, they do buy a muscle show. Suppose being a good expo, you know, I mean it was a good one. We went and I tied the brand. The booth was so busy. It was me and Johnny Jackson. And I remember we were just like slammed, signing all day, all day, all day pictures, pictures, pictures, pictures, pictures. Yeah, it was crazy. I heard the fans over there are real avid fan, like there's a lot of people that really like body building. Like a lot of people who enjoy going to the shows, a lot of people who are passionate about watching the sport. Yeah, didn't you find that those stuff when you were when you were in England too, though, like how many people knew you? And like, because I feel like when I, the first time went to England, I was stunned because I was not just an amateur, but a very beginning in the sport, like as far as on the public side. Yeah. And so I kind of miss you. Like when I did the Arnold the first year, like I just, I like worked the booth, like anybody else, you know? No one gave a fucker, a new who I was. And then maybe, you know, I don't even think I had, I don't think I had done like the USA's yet. And I went to England and people knew me. And I was like, why? Who'd that? I felt like in England, the difference I felt was that people were a lot more laid back and real. Versus when I think of the Arnold, I think of like, there's still kind of like a wall between the people on the other side of the booth and the audience or that, you know, the fans versus I felt like everybody was like a lot more like interacting. It was just more, more cool, more low key. And yeah, it was cool to meet a bunch of people. It's weird to go across the world and meet people that I actually know who you are. Like it's a trip. Especially for me. I wasn't a pro. Like you guys, you know? Yeah, it's interesting. You think about like, you know, like back and say the 90s. If, if, if you, how do I put this? No one recognized you for anything. Unless you were pretty famous. Like magazines. Yeah. Yeah. Because you had to be in magazines or the news. Yeah. Like, so like the only people that got recognized were like millions of people knew who they were. That's what it took. Like you could be, you could be in a band that sold 100,000 records. And you wouldn't get recognized anywhere at all, except in your hometown. Yeah. But now you could be a bodybuilder with a YouTube channel and people recognize you in airports all over the world. Yeah. Smoke shots. We still smoke shots. And we still have a vision. You know what I mean? It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's crazy how, how much, how much easier it is to be like, like an Fless celebrity. I'm gonna say, yeah, I'll be there. Just like, and you know, like obviously celebrities is a spectrum. But like just to experience any kind of celebrity, you know, there's a lot more common now than it used to be because it used to be, you had to be like, you had to break that glass ceiling of like, really being, getting exposure from, you know, channels and news and all that. Yeah. And so, you know, we have so much more power ourselves to promote ourselves now. It's, it's a, it's a crazy shift. And it's only happened in the last really 10 years, 15 years. Has been this massive shift where we can create our own sort of, you know, present ourselves to the world without anyone else doing it for us. It's crazy. There was a very popular, uh, women's, uh, physique competitor who had retired. And I found out she received, and she had a lot of followers. She started in only fans. And from what I'm understand, she's making like, she just decided to do this. She's making like a ton of money. And imagine like if you just start that up and let's say you're pulling in like 25,000 a month. Like you could do that for a couple years. And that's like your entire life's worth of money. That's all you need. You retire two years. You know, it's crazy to think. And yeah, that, that you couldn't have done that, you know, a decade ago. Good for her. It's like, well, shit. What you got to do? I never not got one's hustle. That's one thing. Like, especially when it comes to like, you know, whatever it is, whether it be only fans or, or you got a goofy YouTube channel about fucking, you know, my little pony or whatever the fuck you're into. Like, you know, we used to make fun of nerds. Remember, you know, like nerds. But I was love, I was I was love nerds because I thought fuck, that's going to pay off of that guy. Yeah. Like, someday someone's going to want to interview an expert. And that guy's the fucking expert, you know what I mean? And I was kind of a marker that. Right. And I guess I also felt like I was a bit of a nerd with so many of the things I liked that would always get so much deeper into them than most of the other people. Yeah. You know, like say, oh, you're a fan of that too. Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah. And they look at me and go, I don't know what you're talking about. And so I sort of admire that level of, you know, nerd dumb and going down, you know, chasing your thing. I talked about it beginning as show. And so I never knocked the hustle, like, sometimes man, the best move is to cash out, like, you know, that's for sure. Make your fucking money. There's no other money coming from this. Yeah. You know? So I think you got a factor in two. I mean, it's something wrong. I had to work through two is as your career changes like that individual. You've said she used to compete. Well, she doesn't anymore. Yeah. Well, now what? Like, if she doesn't change and redirect her focus into somewhere where her current following might go with her, right? Eventually you lose it. You know, so it's the same. Like, if, you know, if you're, if you're a, if you're a great pro, well, then you got to become an ambassador of some sort or what you did back in the day. It doesn't matter. Yeah. You know, because it's not the same. I mean, I think about that. I've had conversation with kids now about bodybuilding and they truly don't know how dominant Ronnie was other than what they're told. And I'm like, it's different. You know, but you got to kind of factor through because some of them, you know, same thing like me talk about like, like, liberating, you know, like, oh, you could meet him. They're like, why? Hmm. Because he's just a supplement owner. Now, you know, I mean to them. So I think it's great. You definitely have to, it was something I looked at as, as I realized I was done. I'm like, well, now what? Like, how do you keep presenting yourself in a way that someone cares and thank God Ron and I had to be into a podcast and here we go. Um. I was desperately trying to think of something, you know. I thank God. He came through. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you got some, you did a question box. You did good once. I did a question box. So, first question, actually this one's finally, I, I won't say who asked it, but it's someone in the know. How are the three of you spending your mutant podcast sponsor riches? Wow. All of them. I think I spend it on monsters. It covers your monster. Your monster have it for months. Is that what it covers? Well, there's four of us drinking them in this house. So that adds up monsters. That adds up. It absolutely does. That's funny. I still need to buy a better webcam with mine. I got out. Are you in only France? Yeah. It's really good. It pops. What do you mean? Here pays really good. Drop it here. We'll do a link. That's funny. Yeah. Yeah. I think I do need a new webcam. If anyone out there, well, I'm sure Scott has the recommendations, but maybe it's just a fun to ask that audience. Yeah. Anyone have a webcam that you suggest that's really going to help this situation without breaking the mutant sponsorship bank. Because I'm not going into my own fucking pocket for a webcam. It's going to come out of this money for sure. So it's got to be, you know, recently priced considering it can only make me look so good. And, you know, mainly I'm concerned about whether my guitars look hot. If there's a webcam that'll make them look pretty sharp, that would be cool. Also, I should add why we're asking the audience stuff. Would they prefer that we did a wide screen versus the little slivers that we currently have, the split screen like this? Because we could do a screen look like we could do wide screen. I don't know if I can at the moment. Let me see here. Do you mean we're at like the camera keeps switching depending on who's talking? No, no, no. Where we would all be wide screen. I could try to say, I can't do it at the moment. I have to say it's a little bit of a stack. We would be stacked on top of each other. It would look, hold on a second. Let me see if I can do it. Like the Ron sandwich. Let me see. You're the bread. Oh, whoa. Yeah. Totally. Well, it would take me a minute to set up. Yeah. But there would only be three squares for... Can we just put mutants in the fourth square? We could. We could. Normally, I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that. I have one, two, and then third in the middle. Like down, you know what I'm saying? And we could have a muting thing for sure in the background of it. It would, it would, it could work. But that would be an option if we wanted to do that. Just throwing it up. Okay. We're wrong. We'll say it's people fake. Yeah. People. Okay. We'll live stream to the Ron's only fan. Let me do in paper. We'll be on my bike. I can't circle for an hour. Make it. Learn a new trick. I'm trying. Yeah. I keep a last bit all the time. Are you going to learn a new trick? Keep posting the same 10 tricks. I'm like, I got like, like, like, do you realize how hard these tricks are? They take thousands and thousands of attempts to learn. And I got like, yeah, more than breaking. They're, they're going to come soon. You see a flood of new clips as soon as I can just, just over this hump. So where does hump do you have any that you get? And then you don't get them for like a hundred tries. No, you so far really start to get them once you get them. Yeah. Once you get them, that's, that's, yeah. Well, once you get them, you're like, okay, that tricks on the ropes now. So you got to go back up the next day and you got to pull it twice. And then you got to go up the next day and pull it, pull it twice again to make sure you're nervous systems like cemented. And now you're like, now you're like, I have that trick. And you, you make sure you get it every session at least once. You know what I mean? And get it. Yeah, that's how it works. Usually I guess when you go to the ladder when you get those guys, combos are a different thing. Like if you're doing a new trick by itself and you're learning like a single trick, I guess that's a different thing. But combos like if you're trying to do like three tricks in a row, I'll link that you might get and then you don't get it again for like weeks. Like fuck just to get to like the fourth trick in the combo is like hard. You know what I mean? But it's, it's, it's really fun to watch really good riders work on something. I'd go with my buddies the other day. And my, my buddy was like working on a new combo. And he like fucking built it like in the course of an hour. He like built it like and got all the way to like the fourth move in the combo. And he must only done like maybe 30, 40 attempts at that combo. And but he's he's been riding for 30 years. So he can like do that. He can learn something in a day, you know? Yeah. So I'm going to do this. I really think this is possible. And you'll like figure it out in a day. And he's like, kid got it. Now I got to pull it every day. I ride for like a while and it'll come. You know what I mean? So yeah, it's, it's, it's interesting. It's, it's a different thing. It's fun. You know what I'm working on? Compatitions. Got it. No, I am. How's it working competition? Like is it, is it, is it, is it, is it, I know this right? Like a run where you do like a certain amount of time to do tricks or what it's. Yeah. Yeah. To keep it real simple, most riders, the good riders I'm talking about. They consider themselves either contest riders or video riders. Those are kind of the two main guys. Some guys aren't as interested in competing. They used to do that. They rode back in the 90s. They said, now they do video edits. So they work on extremely hard shit. And they just try to get it on video once. Okay. Right. And you'll see them pull, but that doesn't mean they haven't wired. They might, they might be pulling it one out of 100 times. But they get it on video. And then the first one to get that combo and they put it up and they're like, there, I got that. I'm the first guy to do that. And that's like all the satisfaction in the world. Contest riders are different because you can't touch the ground. Every time you touch the ground, you'll lose points. Right. So they hold like the big thing is to pull a perfect run. Where you know, flawless run where you don't touch the ground. Right. So typically, contest riders don't tend to do their hardest shit in the run because it's too much of a risk. So they'll weigh like, what do I have to do to beat these other guys? And if they can phone it in and do an 80% run because they're good that they're 80% is going to win. And then they won't touch the ground. That happens. So sometimes you'll get a winner of a contest and the other guys are like, you know, they don't do as hard as tricks. It's like, yeah, me, didn't have to. The whole point was to be flawless. Also, contest riders, they're like, they have to, those guys have to ride like 68 hours a day because those combos are pulling or so fucking ridiculous and to have them wired enough to pull them in a run is just bizarre. Like, like, contest riding to me is just so mind boggling difficult to actually be able to pull stuff under pressure in the moment. Like, it's just, I, I, it's have so much respect for those guys. You know, you see those ex-game skaters and stuff. It's one thing for them to pull that stuff on their own time. But for them to go out in the gold medal run and pull it all and not pull off and just everything go perfectly. And then they nail the 900 at the end and the double fucking flare and they fucking landed all like that's just, people don't get how hard that is. And they're even, when they do it, they're not like, oh yeah, there's my run. They're like, I can't fucking believe I pulled that run. Like, because they're pushing it, you know, they go home thinking, I can't believe I didn't fucking touch. How? So it's like, they're asking all kind of the other. I found a YouTube page the other day. It's actually a few weeks ago. Guy who rides BMX bikes. Now he's not doing flat land tricks like you do run. But he is doing tricks and he just has these GoPro set up on his bike and he'll be like, the video will be called like, Compton. And then he just goes to Compton and he just like thrashing. He's going through alleys, it's up front walls. You know, and then he might like stop and talk to somebody for a minute and, you know, there's a car accident. And he sees that going on. It's just like a half hour video of him like jumping off shit. It's cool, man. It's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Those street guys that like ride brakeless through busy cities. Oh, yeah. Some of that was nuts. Hold on to buses. It breaks on their bike. Yeah. Just fucking. There's also some crazy phrases guys like. Well, street riders are so abusive on their bikes. The rims are all bent up. So if they have brakes on their bikes, the brake pads will rub on the rims. That's one reason. Secondly, as brakes are uncool. Some of the guys think brakes aren't cool, right? They like just want minimal bikes. They want their bike to be really light. So these take all the brakes off of it. You know, a lot of guys ride brakeless. It's, you know. And then the flat landers, a lot of flat landers ride brakeless now because they're trying to like, I guess prove a point like I'm such a master of my bike. It's all about balance. I'm never going to need a brake. You know what I mean? So, but there's tricks I like that require a brake. And I like the old school stuff. So that's why I brakes. Plus the brakes has saved my face a lot. Because when the front wheels are going to wash out from underneath you, and you tap your brake and it stands you back up. That's like. Okay. I got a question box here. If I can fucking find it. Okay. I got to watch the Jamie the giant was on Flex Lewis's pop. Okay, I'm going to check that out. Remember when Jamie said he came back from Flex's, Flex made him cry? Yeah. No, if you want to see Jamie, giant cry. So Flex's a bully. That you heard it first. You heard it first. I just run with it. So Jamie told me that him and Flex started the podcast and they went for like 40 minutes. And then apparently Flex stopped the podcast. And he's like, no. So he's going to do. We got to restart. Jamie's like, what? He's like, yeah, we got to restart. You're just getting relaxed now. We got to restart. I'm going to ask you that question about your family again. We're going to start from the beginning. Now that you're relaxed and I'm relaxed, it's going to be better. Nice. And they restarted the podcast. And within like an hour, Jamie said he was crying and Flex is like, I fucking got you. People really liked him on our show. They said speaking to like being relaxed. So like you guys just all jelled really well together. And I saw that too. After doing so many interviews with these podcasts, he was one of those guys that like he just jumped on. And he was just like, he was right there with us. One of us, you could tell like he was totally like ready to just do whatever. He's good on podcasts. He's a good speaker too. Yeah. And he has he speaks like, you know, proper British, you know. True. I wonder if there's one before you know these high. Anyways. Yeah. Transforms everything. What what TV shows. Do you wish weren't canceled? When they were canceled. And you wanted more. And they ended. Can you think of any? Do you remember? Do you remember that they canceled family guy at one point? Oh yeah. Remember that early on too. Wasn't it early on? Think it was season two didn't they? And I think it was the 2002. Yeah. Family family guy was canceled after three seasons do the low rating. But then the fans got so upset and there were so many people saying, like, we want the show back and then they brought it back. Yeah. That was doing some Google work over here because I have to see a couple shows if they got canceled or not. So continue speaking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was funny. You know what show was brilliant or they canceled it? I'm going to say this is my answer. This is my answer. So arrested development is one of my favorite comedies of all time. It's brilliant. The writing is just unbelievably good. The script is the script is so layered. Like there will be two characters talking. And there'll be a third character in the background that will like. Moon or say one word. And it's like half volume. But that's the joke. Okay. Yeah. And really the people smart enough. You have to be smart enough and into the show enough to like be paying attention to those background things for it to all come together. And it's what makes it so fucking awesome. But what happened was early on in the third season, they all found out they were getting canceled. So they just went ham with the script and they just fucked with the show and they just went. And the third season's really really hilarious. No kidding. But it gets really weird. The third season's really weird because they know they're getting canceled. And they're going to go and it a little. Yeah. So they didn't go with fuck in the show ended. Like 10 years later, Netflix did a fourth season. And the fourth season was was interesting. But it wasn't the same because they go whole decade gone by and like they weren't in the groove. You know, I mean, they try to write another season. I don't know where. And so it was really a weird season. It was really weird. But it was still enjoyable. But I wish they wouldn't have canceled it in season three. I wish they would have let it go like four or five good seasons. And then end it right. You know, but that's show to me is that's one of the funny issues of all time. And anyone who out there who loves Ozark and likes Jason Bateman and likes horrible bosses. And likes all that stuff that Jason Bateman's done. A rest of development is his. That's his like tour to force comedy show. Like he is he is the like the you know that character that's smarter than everyone. And he just can't believe the world he lives in. That's Jason Bateman just endlessly frustrated with his whole family. They're just clueless rich spoiled brass. And he's like the one member of the family that's like he's fucking. Right. It's a great show. I couldn't. So the one I thought might have been canceled wasn't so they're moving it. I got into high town, which was frustrating the beginning, but I actually loved it. And it's two seasons down. They are having a third season. They just moved it to stars. But I will say and this is. Peaky blinders didn't have to end. I was thinking. Okay. It's done. How many seasons? So that was it. That was it was it. I don't even know six maybe. But it's it's done. And it didn't like it wasn't even in no year long. I am I much preferred just like athletes. I rather you retire before the game retires you. But now one definitely left me wanting more. But they did a good job of ending it because I feel like some shows, for example, like Game of Thrones. They didn't know how to end it. So they fucking ruined when they ended it. Which by the way, I just started watching the new. The prequel. Game of Thrones last night. Right. Right. So good. I watched the first episode not the second. But that's going to be phenomenal. But you know, because there are other shows where you're like, okay, see what happened. They had to make it come to an end. So they just like slammed it to a screeching. Dexter that just ended. I was like, is it? Yeah. It came back to do that. Like the season was great. But then went. You know what I mean? And that shows over as well. I was really thrown off again. That's one of those ones where they ended the series. I brought it back. How many years later? I felt like they hit the ground running immediately with the show. They could have kept going. And then ended the show. Yeah. I was like, yeah. I'm just warmed up again. Nicky had never even seen the original ones. Oh, wow. I said, you'll be fine. Just jump in. And it took like two episodes for her to be like, oh, yeah. I'm fucking in. The sense of place that they created with that little town in the middle of nowhere. Oh, yeah. You know, like that sense of the feeling you got. Like, I could have lived in that little town for several seasons. You know, they could have, they could have brought out of there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Those are mine. But I'm very grateful to find out on my little Google trip that my high town's Not over. Thank you. Oh. Okay. I thought you'd sort of like, and I'm, oh, go ahead. I thought of you guys. We watched a movie the other night. We don't watch a lot of movies. We watched the, we watched that Nick Cage movie a few days ago. It was like a new movie about that. Unbearable weight of amazing talent or something like that where he plays himself. And that was good. That was good. But then the night before last, we watched a movie a documentary called Running With The Devil. And it was a story about John McAfee, the guy who created the anti-virus. And his dude is fucking nuts. And he is accused of murdering his neighbor in Belize. And then he goes on the run. And he takes a crew, a camera crew with him from vice, who's like on the run with him. And then it was never, it was never released. Vice-canceled the video. So this whole thing kind of, like, it's, it's, it's, it's basically his life from that point. And then it picks up at other parts and he goes on the run a few times. And this is because one of the, the most smartest people in the world. Like he worked for NASA is, is like a programmer. He developed like, like the best anti-virus. He said that he had information on the cartel and on all the government agencies. Like that he could get into all their computers. And so that they were after him. But he may have just been crazy in on drugs. And there's guns. This is crazy. Everything, a man, there's guns, there's dogs, there's sex. It's amazing. It's, it's crazy. And he was a brilliant brilliant guy, but a really weird dude. So I, I think you guys, I think Ron, you might enjoy that one. That was weird. It's called running with the devil. Do you catch what just happened there? He said he's a brilliant brilliant guy, but a little weird. Ron, you might identify him. You might identify him. You might, you might, you might identify with him. My, but your brother. Oh, anyways. I, I also was recommended to watch the girlfriend that did. The girlfriend that didn't exist. Documentary on Netflix now. It's about that Notre Dame football player that got catfished. Oh, I didn't see that. Yeah, yeah, did see that. Anyways, I don't know the full story. I didn't really pay attention. I just know that he was like humiliated. Yeah. Was any like humiliated? Like real bad, because everyone's making fun of him. And, and I don't know the full story. I remember how it ended, but the documentary's supposed to be crazy. So I'll check it out. Okay. Was another question, me, I'm rather question. Here's a bodybuilding one. Or do you explain? Yeah. Boring. What do you cares? Can you explain what happened to you? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? How do you know how much to push? So I want to start with this one, Dusty. I think it's a great question, honestly. And for me, difficult to answer, I'm not a huge believer in this magic window like everyone else is. I think that your, you know, yes, you're hypersensitive to a lot of things. But I think we kind of lied to ourselves because you're so depleted. I think we've all done this. I definitely have where you're pushing food down and you're just get bigger and better and better and better and you're like, holy shit, it's never going to end and then you wake up one day and you're fucking fat. Yeah, like the next day. It's just gone. It all ended. I'm like, what the fuck happened last night. I didn't even have any pizza. But I really do think. The reason that I came up with this theory on myself was because I did have a prep one year where I was fucking mangled after the show. I did a couple shows. So actually like immediately went off, like not just off my shit, like I didn't train took two or three weeks off. Then when I came back, I kind of eased back in. My body was still hurt. And it was probably about six weeks right after the show in 2010 that I was barely training, you know. And then I went back into off season onto our military rooms, test, did normal. Without question, the greatest jump in my entire career was between 2010 and 2011. Even though I had a better placing in 2010, I was bonkers as far as how much size I put on and none of that happened after the show. So I don't really buy into it too much. So what do you got? Well, I think the post show rebound is largely illusionary. And it don't get me wrong. You're adding lean tissue, like on a dexus scan, your lean tissue is going up, right? Because cellular volume is like max out. But some of that supercompensation. And it's like an abnormal amount of fullness that you're actually not going to sustain. And eventually some of it's going to like come back out sort of in decrease. It also depends on how shredded did you get. Is there room to push the rebound? You know what I mean? How many calories were you eating at the end of your diet? Because the lower your calories at the end of your diet, the more noticeable you're the more like, you know, sudden, like if you go to like high calories, you know, you can put on a lot more fat, that sort of thing. You know, guys it have those good metabolism. They can go into a rebound and bump their calories up a lot. And they stay lean. Like, you know what I mean? I'll see that. And we've seen people that just get super fat after the show. And they're usually the ones who had like really sludgy metabolism going into the show, you know what I mean? They were like forcing it, forcing it, forcing it. And then post-show they just get real fat and watery. So it's, like I like you said, dusty. I think the magic is way overrated. But you still should strategically take advantage of the time to the best of what you need. So you needed to rest. I've been there before. I've done shows and then not trained for like 10 days. And then like come back into the jam like okay. That's good. You know what I mean? And then I've done shows where the Monday after the show I was back on 300 tests. And I'm doing a eat perfect and one sheet meal a day and try to put on 30 good pounds by the end of the month, you know? So it depends on how burned out are you, how much food we're eating going in. There's a lot of factors. So this is like the longest non-answer I think we can give. But we did so good not answering. We did so good not answering. It just depends. I think you should get off all your drugs except for your test. And you should just, you know, as you should enjoy your food. Like I think the mental break is so important. People don't. I know some bodybuilders that after the show they're right back on prep mode, prep brain, you know, going to get maximum advantage every single thing's perfect. And it's like that's good. It's good to have the intent. But I still think you should like give your brains some space and you know, fucking have an ice cream cone. It's just like, you know, you know what I mean? So don't be extreme either way. How's that? That's perfect. I like that. Okay. Does it matter if you drink your coffee first thing in the morning and then start your water after? I know they say this to hydrates you. But God, I just want my coffee. I love this question. I feel in this soul. Right. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I mean, my, my thought is simple. You wake up dehydrated. So yeah, you are dehydrated. I don't think that having a couple of copper, two cups of coffee before you ever water is the end of the world. I wouldn't now go start your day. You know, like have your cup of coffee, then drink your water. That's, I just, that goes back to the overthinking. I don't think they're overthinking. I think it's, they're hearing other people that are. Like what could possibly be the huge difference? You're asking, that question is being asked or explained to somebody as if caffeine is 50 milligrams of dioxide. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's fine. So I get up in the morning and I take my dioxide first thing in the morning. Yeah. Yeah. That's a very good point. That's a very good point. So this is a good. So if you train after meal one, maybe there's more of an urgency to like pound a leader with some salt in it first thing. Yep. Like let's say you're training at 7 a.m. and you get up at 5. Maybe you want to get a leader of like with some salt pound a leader. Get it through you. Then have your coffee with your breakfast and that's sort of thing. I mean, that's possible that there's an argument that that would be a better way to do it. But yeah, I think this kind of overthinking is like I take in a leader of water and my coffee with my breakfast. Yeah. There. And I don't, and I don't eat all before training or I'm double fisting, right? Yeah. So I just wake up and I do the, yeah. So I do the gear with water, which is meeting this EA. I do scoop two scoops of that in a leader and just slam it right away. And then you know take the dogs out, do their thing and then have my coffee. But that's just because I am very mindful of fact that in an hour and a half I'm underweight. And one thing I think is understated is how strong you are hydrated and how weak you are dehydrated. Absolutely not not just injury, but just weak. I mean, it's a minimum to me to have a leader with that because that's the sodium. That's the amino is all the above. But I mean, it's not rare for me to get the gym an hour and a half after waking up and have two leaders done. Like the more the better to me. So if you're ever wondering if that might be a chink in your armor, it is. If you ever think am I not drinking enough, you're not for sure. Right. You know, I used to argue that every Thursday you're dehydrated. I want everyone who hasn't already done this, put some salt in your pre workout and your intro workout. Yeah. Like put like several grinds at crunch crunch crunch crunch, but that in your pre and then crunch crunch crunch crunch in your intro workout. And just pay attention to your pumps and everything I get. I still I look back on like the entire decade of the 90s and don't get me wrong. I had plenty of sodium in my diet because we were putting lots of stuff on our food. But I just think like fuck, I was just drinking just straight water. It's all I drank. I never put salt in my water until like, you know, within the last 10 years, we started doing that. But he just saying like, man, I think it's a, I think it's like a big deal. Like I noticed it. You know, I really like that high sodium. I tell stories about how I used to have Edo, Japan. You know, that like food court, mall food court. I don't know if you guys have Edo down there. I can't remember, but I used to have Edo, Japan all the time. And then I train like 90 minutes later. And I remember looking back now, I'm like, that's what the pumps were coming from. Totally sodium loading. sodium. In my pre-workout meal, you know what I mean? So it was like, I was the pumps and the postworkout map from the MSG. Yes. This is the whole school. Yeah. Yeah. The MSG. The strongest sodium of them all. The monosodium. Yeah. Yeah. The trend of sodium. Yeah. Exactly. That's what you want. That's what you want. Um. Jim membership prices. Why are Jim so much more expensive suddenly? Everything is. Everything's expensive. It's just, yeah. It's like what now? What do you, what do you guys see for Jim? membership prices. Um, I think, I mean, it all varies. Obviously, on where you're going, you're going to pay, to me, average is like 40 bucks. It's normal, American. Like that's what we charge at, um, muscle factories, 40 bucks a month, no contract. Um, you know, then I've got other, I had Jim membership before that had been 150 a month. Just depends on the Jim, what they have. I think this is how I look at things different than a lot of people. Is it amazing to me that people will say like a Jim membership is expensive. Like, what? How many days a week do you go? It's $40. I know. Okay. And you're going, you're going five days a week. Oh, you go twice a day sometimes. Do cardio. So you're visiting there 10 times a week. So you're going there for, so it's a dollar every time. I don't follow the expensive thing. You've lost. Yeah. You know, because when you look at other things that we do for a quick hit, that's, I mean, somebody will say a Jim membership is expensive while drinking a $7 coffee. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or the pay 15 bucks for a tanning drop in. Yeah. And I'm like, so yeah. So Jim membership is up here like 80 bucks, like 80 to 100 even. Yeah. Yeah. But what is it? Well, kidding, I like what is 80 like 60, 60 US. Yeah. Yeah. So that's not bad. Plus, I think one thing that makes the Jim prices at least in a lot of places I've been lower here is there's more. So you're dealing with that. You know, I mean, well, especially when Jim's around, we're ridiculous in Scott. So I mean, when I used to go to muscle factory, like as in literally passing them as I could see them, I would pass five gyms to get to the gym. Like, not much about how many I actually passed. This phone's like a visually C. So I think that that keeps the prices down as well. But yeah, I also think that, you know, people need to be a little more mindful is like, even if you're paying 100, okay, in the US, think about what you're asking for. You want the equipment to be perfect. When it breaks, you want it fixed. You want the pads done. You want the air conditioning on. You like the music, the bathroom. Like, I don't think people think of what it costs to run a gym properly. When you run a gym, right? And that's what I want. Like if the gym came to me and they said, it's $200 a month, but it'll be fucking flawless. I'm like, done. Let's go. Yeah, yeah. I'm not a thing too for those things. We also learned with the fucking pandemic response that gyms are seen as expendable by the general public. Yeah. So public doesn't think that what we do is important and they think it's selfish and they think it's frivolous and they don't give a fuck about us or our industry. And we have to realize that that alone is going to raise the price of everything to do with it because all the owners now know that the government is not ever going to have our backs. And you know, it's going to change the dynamic of the gym industry. You know, probably the best thing about the pandemic. I was thinking about this the other day, not that I want to talk about the freaking pandemic. But the best thing about it is that it woke a lot of people up to their concept that the government doesn't give a fuck about you and a lot of them hate you. They fucking hate you. They think your life is stupid. They don't give a fuck about you. These gray-haired politicians and all the people that are in office and all your local people. They don't give a fuck about you. This is a paycheck and most of them are career politicians and they will never care what you care about. About what you care about. And re-horsed. That's a good wake up call. That's a good wake up for people. Your politicians are not your friends. None of them. Even the ones at Gladhand you and smile at you and return your emails. None of them. None of them. And the fact that you realize that. The faster you realize that, the better off you'll be. These fucks. They're, this is a paycheck for them and they're going to give themselves a raise while they shut your business. They just did it to everybody for two years. And it's the best thing that could happen to a lot of people. Realize now. They realize now. Why don't you, I don't know if you saw this wrong. But in the US, when they've made this bill to hire all these new IRS agents, Congress also passed a thing saying that they couldn't be looked at. Interesting. Yeah. It's a safe time. Yeah. This time you can't look at this small handful of people that are in this room. But you can look at everyone else. It's like, you're literally sinkers because you can't look at me because I'm paying people off. I'm driving, you know, I'm using information I know to. Yep, exactly. So yeah, that was something I had to wait. I mean, even I who, I always had a very strict political side. Now I realize both sides hate me. Yeah. And that is. Oh yeah. I mean, either one of you are, it's not you and you against each other. It's us against you guys. You against all of us. Yeah. And us. Okay, God. Another thing. Another thing people have to realize is their vote is never. You're never actually voting for your party. You're voting for the party that can block the worst party. That's what your vote is. That's what you need to use your vote for. You need to, you don't try to find a friend in this mess. None of them are your friend. You find the most dangerous enemy and you block and you vote to block them. That's what voting should be for everyone. What is the worst thing that can happen to my life because you should vote in your own best interest. And you go with that. Okay, I'm voting for those people who I all also hate. But their enemies with them. Unforgivably the people I hate to block the people that are more dangerous to my life. And that's what it politics has become to me. That's all it is. Strategic voting to minimize the damage, which is what we live currently in the US. That's my, that's my little drastic damage. Tresty, tangerine. Oh, whatever man. Okay, do you have another one here? Do you think this is the arrest of the episodes for word good? This really made it. Do you think there should be a limit to how many athletes per division compete at the Olympia? I like how it used to be. Is my angry. So there's lots of guys. I liked lots of guys going because I liked, I think what you're running it. And here's why it wasn't about the Olympia. More guys were competing at other shows because they would just pack it in. The goal is the Olympia. They're not mostly these guys. I don't think a lot of the fans realize. Most these guys aren't making it living off a body. So every show is an expense. And their main goal is the Olympia. And most of these guys, bodybuilding is basically a hobby, even though they do it as professionals. So they can't justify competing if it's not going to get into their goal. So they do a show. They take fifth where they take seventh. And they know that the next show is not going to put in the Olympia. So why do another show? The depth of the show is I felt like was awesome all the time when the top three could get in. And yeah, there were 16 guys at the Olympia. But I could tell you, I was at the Olympia in O3, which I think had 16 guys. And every physique up there was fucking awesome. The 16 place guy was better than I ever was. And it was awesome. I mean, so I hate that part. I do understand the other divisions and honestly, I don't watch them, so I don't give it shit. But bodybuilding, female bodybuilding, I just want to see the best people on stage. Because I think we forget, which I'm going to have that top, that's called 20 in the fucking world. I've never been the top 20 in the world or anything I've ever done in my life. So yeah, the top 20 is a bad ass group of people. I want to see all of them. And I paid for a show. I want to watch a show. Maybe we could stop the bullshit that happens during bodybuilding shows. Like, I don't need to see an acrobat. I don't give a fuck. Give me more bodybuilders to watch. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I agree. I think that when you saw at the top three and remember it was the top five from the Arnold and the top five from the night of champions. I can't remember. Those two shows. And then it was the top 10 from last year's Olympia. Oh, I'm all qualified. Do you remember those days? Those guys were all qualified. So what would happen is the guys who were, you know, seventh, eighth, ninth, they usually wouldn't do a show unless they wanted to win some money. Like maybe they thought they could win an Arnold or something. So those guys would jump in a show. Maybe maybe a couple of top five guys might do a show like Flex Wheeler would do the Arnold, you know, that sort of thing. You'd get some of the guys would do other shows. Some of them would just sit on their qualification to come to the Olympia next year, because they were just happy to be top 10 and they just wanted to focus. But then all the other shows I thought were more competitive because top three went to the O. If you're a pro and you know you're not going to win, but you might get top three like fuck. So they would do like, you know, they would hit a couple of shows, try to get a top three place and say, you can go to the O and it made those shows really exciting. And I don't mind seeing 20 guys at the O. Like I remember there was some lineups that were pretty big. I didn't mind it. Yeah, that'd be cool. I'll take this. I went there to see bodybuilding, you know. And I think that like, you know, I mean, we get this now like we'll see, okay, there's Steve Kouklo and Andrew Jack and fucking come all are doing the Texas pro. Like the 99.5% of the other pros are like, oh, why bother? Hmm. Like, wasn't on the flip. That shows. Steve Kouklo's not in the Olympia this year again. Yeah, but he's top three like the show obviously, you know. Yeah, at any show that's not the Olympia or the Arnold, like possibly the Arnold even. And to me, that's a crime that he's not going and a bad business move. Because if I'm a Kouklo fan, I will go to the Olympia to watch him get in the top 10. Yeah. Yeah. If you go bad, it's a thing too. Good. Well, Kouklo, it's going to discourage competitors like Kouklo, that's, you know, he's in, he's a bit of an older bodybuilder. He's late 30s, right? So, you know, how many more years is he going to keep hammering away if he misses the Oh. Yeah. And you don't want to lose Steve Kouklo, like he's fucking awesome. He'd be great at the Oh. Bring fans, past his in seats, everyone loves him. You know, but they're lost. Yeah, I wish I really do wish that you go back to, because there's a lot of that. I mean, to see a guy like that not in the show is a crime to me. Because like you just said, he enters the show and the first thought is will he'll probably win. Which tells you how good he is. If he's entering any show, I mean, he'd be answering the Arnold. There's a chance he can win the Arnold. So it's like, how is a guy who's considered as a possibility to win the Arnold class? Not going to be at the Olympia because we just chose to make it weird. Like, so what if some guys get in? Like, I think it's all, it's kind of backwards. So we treat the entrance into the professional ranks is getting easier and easier. But then the entrance into the Olympia is getting harder and harder. I mean, we can all admit that there are plenty of pro cards out there. I'm having met some people. So like, I'm a pro, I might go, what? Bodybuilding, I'm like, oh, we're here. Like, yeah, you know, and you're just like, okay, and I'm fine with them having their moment, but that's the end. See, when you extracts that Olympia qualification out, it's still not going to run into a guy like me or a guy like them getting in the Olympia. So you're not fucking up the Olympia. Like, you know, I mean, I could say like that could just true. Like, dusty handshoes not going to pop in the Olympia now. The top three make it. So, and also, too, what do you really want to do? What do you guys at win more than one show? You get some guys at win two shows and they don't pass that. Remember they used to push it down. Remember, like if the top three already qualified, then the next three, we're qualified. Yeah, or at least one. I think they did, I think they did that at one point where if the top three in a show were already qualified, they would let the fourth guy go. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't what you mean, I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Plus, you know, y'all also love another element is, I used to love when a guy would get into the O on a third place qualification, but then he would show up at the O improved and he would beat some guys that were ahead of him at the show he got in at. Yeah. And maybe like maybe make top 10 out of the blue or something like that. There's also that. You know, I love giving people the chance to do that. You know, get all those underdogs in there. You get like 10 underdogs in there. Well, that's what I mean. Let's factor in this and I know a lot of reviews won't know this, but I don't think Gunter Slayer Camp won a show to get the Olympia where he took fifth. No, I don't think he didn't. So that qualification was either a third place, a second place or the previous Olympia. Whatever it was, we'll have to look it up. But it definitely wasn't a win. So he would have never even been on that stage to bypass so many guys, steal the show essentially. I mean, literally, that's all I've been talking about on the ground with a buck did you come from? He wouldn't have been at that show on today's rules. That's what the game is. Who else would have barely done the Olympia? Marcus Rul would have barely done an Olympia. Maybe a copy. He won two shows. He won the show on the show on the new Toronto Pro. Not a champion. New York Pro. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Toronto Pro and Knight of Champions. Yeah. And if you think they might have been in the same year, I think that's what we're doing this year. So one so like, so like, you know, I remember all those years that went to the O and and rule would come out. And I just caught the tail end of rule. I caught like his last few Olympias. But like to not have Marcus Rul there would have been like a missing moment. Because like the whole crowd goes, and it's like the whole room changed from Marcus Rul. Because he was a fanfaker. Yeah, he did eight. You know, he didn't get a pause. He didn't get a pause. He got Rul. Yeah. It was like awesome. And you're like, oh, that guy's like a little special. Like the crowd knows that he's he's separate. They treat him different. He's like, he's a factor in the show. He's not going to win it. But the crowd fucking happy he's here. And he'd go nuts for him. You know, and he's like 11. You know, when's the last time in 11th place guy changes the whole room? Yeah, true. You know, those were a good days, man. Fun Olympias. You, you wonder how they got away from that. Now they're sitting at like, I have to think, especially now the Olympias change hands and they can communicate ideas like, purely from a business standpoint. I'd be like, I need Google on the show. I mean, for Fox X's family alone is 72 people. Yeah. They're all getting tickets. I mean, Steve has the best tight knit group of people that fall in my ever seen. I mean, no exaggeration. 20 people from like his friends go to the Olympia. Yeah. Like, yeah, damn. I won't get one. I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah. And then there's a couple hundred live streams on their two, at least. Yeah, exactly. You don't think about that. Crazy. I got one of this one. I got one of this one. Right. Both of us. That's he's going to love this one. No, I'm both in my eyes. Yeah. What? How's this? What life changing item can you buy for less than $100? So, is there some life changing? Okay, let's hear it. Do what? Do what? Do what? Hey, change. They've got loads of like a hint of mint sent to it, which is like, brushing your teeth for your asshole. Amazing. Right. Right. Right. Yeah, yeah. Amazing. And maybe. Okay, grab dinner with a low $99 sense. You still got 90 bucks left. Yeah, you think I got 90 nine. 90 nine bucks left. We got your dude wife. You got your your Mac. You know, I could, I could probably let's 20 things. Still have many left over for my $100. Oh, man, let's see. I mean, Lily, it's just so easy for me. Tupperware. Tupperware is life. Good. Imagine life is top of where with a nice snap. Yeah, yeah, that is life changing. Yeah, that's under a Honda. Some good. We're off. You can't go back. You said plastic after that. Only fans membership. Boom. Seven bucks. Can you do buy some for private videos? I don't they follow the two dollar girls. He's all about four accounts. That's volume. My got you. I mean, literally, the hundreds too big. He got bring that down like six. Then the game. 10 bucks. What can you buy from him? 10 bucks. You know what's funny? I have a friend that does this. He and his wife are rich, like very, very rich. So the rule for Christmas is be creative. And each of you has a hundred dollars. Right. That's like makes it fun. Because you got to think. I mean, any can be fun. They could be, you know, heart felt whatever. There you got a hundred bucks when you're rich. It's hard. Whereas if you're loaded, like I bought your Range Rover. She's like again. Yeah. You know, so I don't know. But yeah, 100 is easy to make. Because I mean Chuck Taylor's for crying a lot of bam. That is life changing. If you see my strength, go up as soon as I bought those fuckers. And I know. I know. I mean, how the good bottle of trend boom. Yeah. All right. Do the question again in a week with under $10. We'll try again. I can go all day with 100. Okay. Let's do under 10 next time. What about what? Is there any you can buy for your gun for under 100 bucks? Is there any little like, what can you get for under 100 bucks? It helps out with your gun. You can get all sorts of things. You can see the loader. Yeah. Here's the thing is that you buy the gun. And you're like, okay, that was $500. You know, that wasn't too bad. But then you buy the magazines and magazines are 15, 20 bucks. But then you want, you know, you get that like I had that extended magazine. That's going to be like 40 bucks. Something like there's all sorts of things you can buy for under $100. You can probably, you can probably get close to buying like an upgraded trigger. You can get better sights for under 100 bucks. You get a lot of ammo for 100 bucks. You get a lot of stuff. Do it up. Whole stunts. Guns are less than I thought they were. Like for just a 9 millimeter. I don't know why. I guess because it's such an amazing piece of equipment to me. Yeah. The idea that a gun is so inexpensive blows my mind. I mean, I know people will laugh at me because I'm saying I'm an inexpensive. But I mean, like a good hangout is like when I asked you like, what was that total setup? It was like off the chain. You were like, I don't know, like $1300. I was like, oh, yeah, yeah, you can, you could set such an up. It's a really nice for, you know, 1500 bucks. Maybe he was red dot. And I mean, you still have to shoot it. That gets expensive, you know, because the ammo adds up. But yeah, yeah, you get the gun and stuff. Down payment on the ammo. Yeah. Yeah. You can get a nice setup. So like a block is going to be around like 5600, 600 bucks, maybe. Now that I've to raise a question. Ron, have you been shooting? Have you been shooting Ron? Yeah. I went a couple of times now. Here's a question for Scott. If I'm just going to send some rounds. Yes. Send a 9 millimeters. I'm just just having fun just trying to group my target. Send it. Like I was trying. How much should I be spending on bullets? Like what kind of like what rate of bullet do I actually need? Do I need the best bullets? Or can I just go with the cheapest bullets to do those? Make my gun dirty air like you know what? You advise mid range bullets. Like what do you what do you do? They say that steel case ammo isn't as good for your gun. It'll wear the parts out quicker. And that might be kind of true. And you know what for maybe for your situation. Rass him in. Yeah. Maybe for your situation. You might want to consider it more. For me, I'd be like, yeah, if run 5000 rounds for this gun, it's still working fine. Down the road, I might need to buy a new gun. Okay. You might not have that option. So for you, I would say probably run brass. But you don't need anything special. You know, just like standard brass. You know 115 grain rounds. Just range ammo. I'll drop a couple boxes of some federals that I bought. There you go. Yeah. No. Yeah. So I'm like that. How much is a couple boxes of those? Would they cost up there? Oh fuck. Shit. I don't even know what I paid, man. I just tapped my card. Like 15 boxes. Yeah. I can't even know. But like 15. And that's funny. I bought it. I bought a case. And I bought like my eyewear and stuff. So I don't actually know what I paid for the ammo. Yeah. I'm so happy right now because this is something I wouldn't have known about run. Because that's me. I'll come home and make you like, what just been a grocery store. I don't know. I don't know. It's like what do you mean you don't know? I'm like, I put it in the bag. Tap my phone. I double clicked. It got the face recognition. We were done. Yeah. I put it in the bag. I know I scanned everything. Ron doesn't know. I would have guessed it. Ronald had been like 87. 26. Give her take. Oh, that's funny. I don't even know what I paid. It's all right. I'm so proud right now. I'm so proud. This is not thought it was more than a circle. How much did you start? How much did you say you thought it was? So well here you might pay for 9 millimeter around 15 in all say like to be generous. I'll say around 15 to 20. If you're go to the range, you might spend $20 up for 50 rounds. I'm a 50 round box. Yeah. You might spend 20 if you buy it from the range. Maybe even a little bit more 25 or something. But I'd say 15 is a good price. That's about what I usually pay between 30. I just realized how much ammo I bought my mom's boyfriend for Christmas. Could I not know? I gave him $1,000 for ammo. That's good. That would work. That's good. How much is that? Like, so you can get a case, a case of like a thousand rounds of 9 millimeter for maybe $400. But if you're shopping around. Oh, cool. So you got a bunch. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got a couple of times. I just didn't really know how much that was. Because I just know what I used to go with my buddies the range. And they had like he worked for a protection company. Yeah. I just realized how much we used. I was like, oh, you need a lot. Yeah. Because we wasted so much. You know? Yeah. And you can, you fire off when you go. Usually like 300, 400. It depends. But yeah, maybe it depends on what I'm doing. If I go to the one range where I can draw, then I'm only firing usually like 1 to 3 rounds each time I draw. And then I holster and I reset my timer, hit start weight, and go. So like in an hour, I could really, if I was careful with it, I could shoot really even 50 rounds in 30 minutes. Maybe something like that. So I could be really conservative with it. Or if you want to do like a build drill where you have to fire off a bunch of rounds at once to try to work on keeping it tight with rapid fire. And then it's going to, you know, you could eat up through the rounds fast that way. Yeah. So 50 bucks. I guess I just paid 49. That's not bad. That's not for two boxes for 100 rounds. Yeah. 100 rounds. Yeah. That's not too bad then. Yeah. It's range for 100 rounds. 100 rounds. Yeah. Yeah. That's range for ACEs for sure. That's good. Yeah. OK. That's great. You could do better. Probably if you guys have online, but I don't even know if you guys can, it might be like a federal crime to ship ammo in the mail. I can't eat up. You know, no, you can order and have it shipped. But there's the story that I go to is like two minutes from the gym. Yeah. Everything is just so close to the gym here. So it's awesome. Awesome. That's funny. I'm glad I made your proud destiny. You did. There's an amazing moment. Here's one for you. Someone's got a music question. That's really good. What's the band? What's the band that you hate that everyone else loves? Maroon 5. Does everybody else really love Maroon 5? I think everyone hates them. I don't know how they're so popular. I can't do it this way. Is it singer from Maroon 5 again? Is it the singer? Famous guy. Adam LeBee. Adam LeBee. He was funny because I was standing at in Vegas by the poker tables. Just and um, and I was with a couple of people and all of a sudden the one girl. She started freaking out. She's like, oh my god, I got that. That's Adam LeBee. And I was like, where? She's like right beside you. I was like standing right at him LeBee and was sitting at a table playing poker like right beside us. Sweaty. And then I looked at him and I was like, oh yeah, that is him. He's got all the tats and stuff who's kind of funny. But that's my only Maroon 5 story. That's good. I'm glad you don't have more. I'm not a pink. I'm not a, I'm not a, I'm not a, so as far as like, I don't really know what other people like now. But as far as classic rock bands go, I was never, I just couldn't do pink Floyd and, and as much of a Canadian as I am and as much respect as I have for them for being amazing musicians, I know you're going to say this. I'm not a rush fan. I knew you were going to say rush fan. Yeah. I just can't do rush. I can't do pink Floyd. But I understand that they are both like unbelievably important musical group. That have like influenced and changed all the music that I do love. Like all the bands that I really love, they list rush and pink Floyd. Like so I was, I wouldn't do really much sense. Right. It's like, you know, it doesn't really make sense. But yeah, I just couldn't get into either one of those bands. We're all in a rush. Respect respect, but now I will say I went through a pink Floyd phase early 90s. They're in like the whole drug portion of my life. That's going to, that's not going to say about it. That was funny joke. I was like, am I allowed to make that joke? Yeah, yeah, I like pink Floyd a lot at that point. Like there is, because there's there's so many like layers to the music. And you ever notice that like, I remember, I can't remember what song it was. It wasn't even pink Floyd. But I remember hearing it all my life and then hearing it after I smoked weed. And I heard this sound, this one little sound that was happening in the music that I had never heard before. And then after that, I always could hear it. Like it was something I just never picked up on. And I feel like pink Floyd really had like a lot of those textures, you know, that like there was so many little things you could hear. That's one of the things about them. Like I've, I've sat and listened to pink Floyd on purpose before. Like I've, I've, I've, I've even tried. Yeah, well, I listened to Dark Side of the Moon and myself once. Like I was at home one night. I smoked a joint made of me on. I listened to the Dark Side of the Moon album. Yeah. And I get it. Like I get it. Yeah. It's, it's amazing. It's complex. It's layered. There's so much going on. They're like another level of musicianship above. It's different. There's like nobody like them, you know? No. But it was just like, it didn't, to me, it didn't rock. Yeah. It was like, it was like floating in space. It wasn't like, yeah. I can, you know, I couldn't, I need something. I, I got a lot of this. God, I got a lot of this. I got to get it out. Get it out. Get it out. I got to get it out. We just got the clip. Run, set to nice guy. Run, set to nice guy. Run, set to nice guy. Run, set to nice guy. It's like, that's because I get it out. I got, ways to get it out. You know, all stop pink Floyd. It's not pink Floyd. Not at all. Wow. If I didn't have, if I didn't have my, my exits, I would just explode. So the clarity that I just got on what pink Floyd is not. Yeah. Yeah. Very clear now. At least I'm not clear. What pink Floyd is not to run. Right? I'm excited. I need help. We need help with certain things. These are wrong rules. We have more rules. Oh shit. Okay. Let's, let's, I want to talk about one thing. I just thought that I'd throw this up because I thought it was like, you know, up our alley. But I sent this to you guys. I just wanted to take a minute. I saw that Ben Chow posted this the other day. And it's just a picture of Luke. Oh yeah. This picture of Luke. And, you know, bonkers. And, um, it's funny to look at this picture now, isn't it? And think what the fuck? How would he be doing now? Yeah. It's no kidding. Crop. Man, that would be cool. We're here as later. It's, um, it'd be cool to see him battling with like a little younger. Yeah. I mean, I think in an Olympia was out of hand for him at all. No. Because he was still, he was still getting the mental side down. We're just doing it. Yeah. You know what I mean? And Chris and him were, we're had found their formula. And he had complete trust and Chris, which took away a lot of the issue he had coming in to shows. Yeah. It's, I, I really, it's sound, I'm sure something will get it. But like knowing the behind the scenes that I know about, just, he didn't know how good he was. I mean, and, and there's a bunch of those. I don't think a lot of guys who who haven't been this close to some of his guys can even imagine and wrong, I've talked about this before, like him, Sejrkhm, Thmillan. There's a guy who you look at in pose and you don't even know what to say. Because there's so much going on that when you sound like said, you look nuts. He's like, do I? And he means it. He's like, really? Who will get a flat? How do you not, how do you not know? How do you not know this? Like Luke locked in. I would feel very confident saying he would win at least in Olympia 2, which I know he said he was only going to win one and be done. But I really think he could have won one. And, uh, yeah, as I told you guys when you sent that, I, I, I, I credit the world shutdowns for for him not giving the chance to do that. Yeah, I, um, I tell this story all the time. I've told it before on the show, but like, you know, not to make myself sound old. But I've seen a lot of body builders like for like a lot. Like I've seen hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of guys that were awesome and they're going to be pros and this guy's got it and you should see this guy. I've seen so many of them. And I'll never forget the first time I saw Luke at the body power expo. Didn't have a clue who he was. He was still an amateur. He was at another supplement company booth right next to the mutant booth. Where in his rider wear floppy rider wear shoes and a pair of shorts and a tank top. And I remember I walked up to the mutant booth and put my bag down and looked over at his booth. And my first saw was who the fuck is that? That guy's got everything. Yeah, everything. I can send their short and tank tops and I knew I knew I looked at him and I'm like, uh, I'm no dummy. That guy's got everything. Who the fuck's that guy? And I walked right over to him. I was like, hey, what's going on? And he's like, Ron Potlow, I remember he knew what was like, hey, and he's like, I'm Luke. And I was like, hey, and we just started talking and I realized he wasn't a pro yet. And I was just like, what the fuck? And there is like, you see some people and you think, oh, I'm in a room for the guys that are all aspiring pro body builders and and you're like, oh, that's what they're all against. Yeah, that guy with that. That, that, that, that those genetics, those muscle bellies. I remember thinking like, I knew it was the end for me soon. You know, there's only so much space in this body building. I got to figure out something else to do if you guys like this aren't even pro yet. This is fucking stupid. I remember thinking that. I just had a memory of something they had to do with him that I, I forgot about this. I never mentioned it on the podcast before. But it was the second time he was at the Arnold. And I was sitting at pre-judging in the in the in the press area this time. The the time before was when Jordan, I believe, was coaching him and Jordan came over and saw a sitin with Jordan and Scott Stevenson. And we, we watched him and he didn't do his great, you know, but then he came back and he really surprised himself at that show that he got third. But during pre-judging, I was sitting there not too far back. And at this moment when they're doing their poses, it got quiet and I yelled out. I was like, because he used to do this podcast called the size game. And I yelled out. And I yelled out. I go size game podcast. Like, real loud. And at that moment, the room also got quiet. So like, I just was the only voice just like, but a little that out. And then he hit his pose, you know. And then later back stage, I was like, hey, did you hear somebody else side? He was like, yeah, I heard that. It was like, yeah, that was me. He's like, oh my God. So I came on cast. Yeah, I'm really happy. I'm sure people are like, what the fuck is that guy doing? But I didn't care, you know, right, you're like me at the Dallas show a couple weeks ago. Just yelling no one else yelling just silent. Yeah. This way should be. I was loved hearing that when he got third, he had forgotten how much money he was going to make. Yeah, he was just an amateur. Well, he forgot he was getting any money at all. That was the Chris. I got that video Chris say like, what are you using? What are you going to spend the money on? Just jokingly and he's like, oh, no, it was it was I don't know if it's the same again. But it was we were backstage, me and VJ and we saw him and it was like, I was really uncomfortable because like Arnold's there. It was the area where like, I remember like, I was like, oh my God, dude, I can't believe you just so good. He was like, yeah, and then and then Aaron, singer, and turned to me, he's like, you got to keep it down back. You got to get the Dom back here. You know, because like it was like not like the fans area, it was like the backstage backstage area. And anyways, he took some he I took a picture for him and Aaron, Aaron wanted to picture with him. And then he was like, what do you guys do? And you want to come with me back here where he was like getting his close? We're like, yeah, let's go. So we we fallen back and I turned my phone on and we got back there and he's putting his stuff down and then he picked up the check again. And I have an on video. I should get I should do something, put it on here or something on YouTube. Maybe like do it with do like watch it with Ben or something. Because I think he would enjoy it. Yeah. And he was like, holy shit. I got I forgot. I got I got I got paid for this. He's like, I got a check and he pulled it out. He was like he was just so pumped because he was just like so taken back and it was cool. It was like it was a cool video because like William Barnock, we walked by him and Barnock was like, there's a new there's a new king in town or something like that and they had a hug and and he can gradually do it. And so well, you know, and it's just like he was just beaming, you know. It was really cool. Like a real special moment. I feel really lucky to have that with him, you know. Yeah, I remember when that was third at that Arnold, right? Third at the Arnold. Yeah, yeah. I remember when when he got that, I remember being so happy for him because I was like, okay, now everyone is forced to take this guy as seriously as we all know, yeah, he should be taken. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. You got those cynics that don't even see the physique. They just see the placings, right? Like I was seventh. So yeah, did you see him though? Yeah, you see what he's what he's capable of, you know, like when I saw him at the expo, he wasn't a pro, but I could just see how I looked at him. I was like, oh my god. Like yeah, that's yeah. That's what everyone wants to look like. You know, that's the ultimate freak physique. You know, they're standing relaxed in the the tri-step stick out as far as the delts. You know, and they you're just like, oh god. So yeah, so funny. Okay. Is that it, boys? I think we have to end it that note because anything beyond that is downhill. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So like share, subscribe, comment, and the bell. And I question questions for the next show. Questions on YouTube, questions on YouTube. They get priority. And so if you got a question, to be happy to answer it. One more thing. Don't DM me questions. I do screenshot them and I save them, but I forget and my phone gets mubbled up and put them on the YouTube or send them to the question boxes. That's the best way to ask questions. I know a lot of you have asked multiple questions through DMs and it's hard to get back to them. There's just so much going on. Yeah. So yeah, there you go. And also to, I was going to say something else, but I forget now. You know, oh, you know, the mutant thing. Mutant supporting us. So I definitely have noticed a huge uptick in the number of times my codes getting used. Cool. So thank you to everyone who's in my code, big Ron 20. I'm sure Dusty has seen the same thing. So Dusty 20, Dusty 20. So remember the codes. I am mutant.com. Thanks to them for supporting the show. New webcam coming for me. So I can make this better. There we go. I okay. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding.