doesn't always have to be clean. It that'll depend on the first two, but it's loading earlier in the week and then cleaning it you're basically filling up and spilling and then you're cleaning up the mass for the last couple of days and when I say mass basically just subcute water and then you're going into the show, dry and hard and full. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill and your berry and myself, Scott McNally. All of our programming is brought to you by trunutrition.com. Use our code thank for additional savings. High quality third party test and supplements. They've got every kind of carbohydrate powder you can think of. Every kind of protein powder you can think of. A lot of other supplements seriously. Check them out because you're a bodybuilder. You use supplements. You could support our program and get really good stuff by using our code. There you go. We're also brought to you by supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week and we're brought to you by Patreon. I think I got a couple of Patreon questions today and I'm doing a lot of in our early releases on Patreon lately. So at least a couple of times a month, you'll get to see stuff early over on Patreon. Thank you guys for all your support. Guys, we're going to talk about, we're going all the way back to basics today, carps cycling. It's kind of a really, I think, a no-brainer. When you're coaching 12 plus hours a day, carps cycling is just part of the vocabulary. But let's take it all the way back and talk about it. What would be a good way to break into this, skip? Or answer. Well, I'm not skip, but I can, I can certainly go. I'm not going. But I think every single diet, whether it's a contest diet and obviously the diet has a component of carps cycling in it. The second question is the rare. Unless you're just the rare person that eats the same five or six meals to a tea every single day, which I don't think that's a very, very way to do it honestly. Because I think there's a lot of magic happening with cycling your calories in general, in terms of your metabolism and effects on left in and other secondary messengers. But, you know, carps cycling, I think what we're talking about mainly is in a dieting sense where you might psychopogram in some lower days, lower carbohydrate days, and then follow it with a certain number of high carb days. And how you set that up, there's no, none of us as coach, as coaches could say, this is the carps cycling need to plan. What happens is your coach starts you with something. Something that makes sense, right? And then they read and react in monitor and make changes. So for instance, I might start somebody on a three-low one-high. So let's just say, you know, a 200 pound body builder, they're deep in their diet, we switch to a carps cycle, and we're doing say 3, 200 gram days, and then on that fourth day, they're going to bump it up to 400 grams of carbs. And then we start the cycle over again. And as a coach, my job is to monitor and see, okay, A, or we lose in body fat, and as a scale going down, B, are they getting flatter by that third or fourth day, eliciting the need for a higher calorie refeed date, that that high day, or do I need to make some changes? Do I need to go to say four low days in one high day? Do I need to do something like three low days and two high days? Do I need to drop them all the way to like 10 low days, and then just one super high, super compensation refeed day. Probably similar to like an old fashioned skip load, right? So I think there's a million different ways you can cut it, but basically it's exactly what it sounds like. You're cycling, your carpahydrates, and thus cycling, your calories. And that pretty much, I mean, we can go on in the next time. All right, next question. Yeah, exactly. No, it's actually a really good overview, because I completely agree with you. If you had, you know, 20 trainers, good trainers in a room, and you had them lay out what they might start a client with, or a carp cycle. You're probably going to have 20 different approaches that are exactly the same, almost certainly. And one of the things that is different with my cycling, or my dieting is because I skip load typically on a weekly basis with my clients and myself. So as an example, the first couple days after a skip load, those are going to be in not all the time, but usually can be lower carb days, because you're riding off of the carbs that were stored from the skip load, of course. So, and there are a couple things that I might do a little bit different than someone else in the sense that a couple things that stand out are, I do like to have higher carb days or higher carb intake on non-training days when either myself or my client may be training earlier in the day, the following day. Because, and Andrew, you know this, because we've talked about this quite a bit, I'm not as big on carbs coming into a workout, like a pre-workout to me, or pre-workout meal doesn't necessarily have to be all man have to make sure I have carbs. And I rely more on the stored glycogen versus circulating blood sugar levels. So, and there are a lot of variables. So, if any of my clients are listening, oh gosh, you doesn't do that to me. There are other clients who are listening, going, oh yeah, because that was me. So, there is that individual component, and there's a lot of variables that go into, as you said, Andrew, whether that's going to be, you know, 3-low, 1-high, 5-low, 1-high, a skip-load that is considerably higher. And whether that skip-load is clean, whether it's more, you know, polky-bo-high-rise, you know, type of a load or if it's, you know, 5 guys, because you're depleted me further into, we had Nick on the last show, talking about the sometimes when he loads, he'll go, or when he does high-card days, if he's not filling out from that, then he may end up with a, you know, burger and fries or something like that to help to compensate, to be able to get more calories and more cards into. So, there's a merit of different ways to do it. We should probably give an example. I mean, you gave some examples of, you know, 3-4-low, and then a high. But what are you doing? Are you keeping Andrew? Are you keeping the same? Food sources, but then just increasing on that one day. So, maybe if you know, rice may be the predominant carb, then you're just increasing those carbs with rice, then on the higher carb, right? Yeah, that's a really good question. So, yeah, typically like, and this is how I start out when a car comes like, I typically do like a 3-low, 1-high, right? And literally what I will do is just do more of the same foods they're eating on that high day. So, this is where it gets variable because when you have a new person, right, or a less experienced athlete, you kind of have to spell it out a little bit more. And as Skip has taught me, sometimes you literally need to explain every little detail, because sometimes I just say, add in 200 grams of carbs that day, and they might read that as 200 extra grams of rice. How dark? In that case, they've only really added, well, well, we'll say, that's where I'm getting the option, because I do find that with more experience athletes, or even as you get deeper into the prep, I might say, okay, add in a 500 grams carb day today. And they might say, well, do I need to stick with all my rice or my creamer rice, and I'll say something like, you can pick and choose the carbs you do, but just be mindful of what you think I would tell you to do. Meaning, you can't go to five guys and eat fries for your carbs. But if you want to incorporate, yeah, you want to incorporate some English muffins or rice cakes or a little bit of fruit or some jelly on the rice cakes, or some of these other foods that you haven't had that are still, you know, within the confines of just carbohydrates, right? But what I feel like it gives the athlete a little bit of freedom and a little bit of, um, a little bit of mental relief in picking some of their own foods. Now, keep in mind, there are some people that are like, nope, I want you to write it exactly what you want me to eat and I'll eat that to a tea. But I do find that about 75, 80% of athletes, they do enjoy, and I feel like they get a mental boost, just with that little decision making, of what carbs are adding, even if they're sticking to extra rice or cream of rice, they're getting the pick where they want to put them. And I think that's an important component as you get into the prep because where I might want to put my carbs when I'm having a higher carb day might be very different than when someone else's appetite tells them what they want their carbs. So I do think adding a little bit of that variability, letting the athlete choose is helpful, almost in the same sense that a free meal gives, you know, it's not as, it's a morale, it's a morale boost, yeah, exactly. And okay, you know, so I had some, some factory waffles or I had some, you know, English muffins or I had some toast instead of just all rice. Just that little bit of mental boost might give them everything they need mentally, energy-wise to get through the next hard week of dieting. I've got an idea, I'd like to throw out there, and this is, let's say this is an example for somebody that I might work with, let's say they're a gen pop person. And I'm sure you guys rented this too. I've worked a lot of guys who weren't following a fixed plan and they come to you and they're like, hey, listen, I want to buckle down. I want to start following a diet, I want to get in good shape. And a lot of times they can need a good amount of food to start out, right? Like if we just put them, you can take a guy that hasn't been following a fixed diet, you put them on a clean plan, right? We just got plenty of carbs, plenty of proteins, got some fats in there, and he's going to start making progress out the gate. And an example of what I might do for carb cycling is, let's say, let's say he's a whatever, to 18 to start. And we put him on this fixed plan and just through cleaning the diet up, the next week he's like, we'll say he drops seven pounds or something. We'll say he was two 18, now he's, you know, two eleven. We're like, holy crap man, you dropped a lot of water. He says, yeah, well, I was only eating fast food before this. And all of our minds were probably thinking, okay, we could probably ride this out for a little while. You know what I mean? And there's no there's no target in date. We just want to get in better shape. We could probably do this for a little while. And I'll keep riding that without doing a carb cycle for a period of time. And I might go one or two ways. If he starts to get to a point, let's say we get six weeks in and he's still losing fat. I might say to him, like, hey, listen, do you want to, we might address it maybe a month in. How do you feel? Do you want to cheat me? Because we're not on a time frame. We could probably add a cheat meal in. Let's say he doesn't want to, though. And we keep riding that out and eventually it stops. At that point, if he's feeling good, he's like, yeah, I'm not super hungry still. And but the weight isn't moving anymore. A way that I might carb cycle is taking that normal day and turning that into my high day. And now I might just reduce the carb a little bit and turn that into my low day. So let's just say he was eating a copper rice with every meal. Maybe we're going to go to like, even maybe it's even like three quarters of a copper rice with every meal or maybe we we removed a copper rice from the last two meals. And we say, okay, here's your low day. Let's follow this for two days and then go, or three days and then go back to that high day. You know, back to your normal day, like boom, now we've got a carb cycle, you know? And maybe he's making progress like that for a while and then that slows. And then we say, okay, well, let's go to three low days and then back to your normal day. You know, and eventually you get to that point where it starts evolving, you know, and you you might start needing more than just the normal day. Now we're like, okay, let's add more carbs than, you know, for that high day. I'm just trying to give an example of what that might look like for an average person that's just off the streets, never followed diet plan. I don't, I don't, let me ask you guys this, do you start somebody out on a carb cycle? If they weren't on any kind of a fixed diet and they come to you or you like, out the gate, we're doing a carb cycle or what do you generally just try? Like personally, I try to get a gauge on like what their baseline is going to be. You know what I mean? I'm creating non-treating day plan and going right here. I'm being another way. I might leave it. Yeah, right. That's something that we're saying. Like, yeah. Yeah. I might even leave it though. Like if, if in the case of this guy, I might even say, let's just leave that be another example. Let's say, train five days. I might say, okay, yeah, eat that same food even on your non-training days. Let's say he's still lost eight pounds or nine pounds at first week and I'm like, well, we didn't need to pull anything out. We're kind of saving those cards to play, you know, save the good cards for later. And then what he doesn't need to change is then maybe the next step could be that cycle of saying, hey, on your non-training days, let's reduce the carbs and now boom, it's, you know, a cycle of a sudden. Yeah. I'm on a good two direction. If someone lost the like seven or eight pounds in that first week, yeah, I would take that as, okay, we probably cleaned it up, crept on a fat side of their diet, especially if they're eating a lot of fast food. Yeah, seven eight pounds is pretty extreme. I don't know why, but yeah. Okay, but no, but in that example, what I would actually, what I would actually start doing is trying to go the other way with food and start building it up. Yeah, I would take that as an opportunity to install like maybe one high day like, you know, either on, let's just save or, you know, crepts and giggles, you know, on a leg day. All right, yeah, I had an extra 75 grams of carbs on this day or something to that effect and see if we still get the same response. Because I would love, I mean, I mean, we all would love to keep building the diet up versus pulling away. Yeah, still get me getting a weight and a fat loss response. That's the ideal situation is when you can add little microchanges of food and they're still dropping. It means their body is just saying, hey, we know we don't need to hold on to this fat anymore. Let's just liberate it, use it as energy. That's a ideal situation for me. Yeah, real world, I think if somebody was, I used that big number seven eight pounds, I might actually, if it's four, then then I would probably do exactly what I had said. I probably wouldn't build it up, but if they were to able to lose a great deal, then I would, what I would probably do is even say, hey, we could probably plan a cheap meal in sooner. Just the way I like to work with somebody who is a non-competitor is to say, like, hey, if we can give you a break once a week, then I would rather do that for that the longevity factor. You know, and I mean, of like, let's do something that you can stick with. You can still have that Saturday night with your wife or whatever. You know, and if we could work that in, is being part of the cycle. Let's keep it the same. I don't want you to eat pizza one, nine, eight, and a burger the next, but we try to pick something that's going to be pretty similar, and then that's going to be every Saturday or whatever we have that load, you know. And I don't think seven eight pounds in a week for someone who just came off a fast food diet, is really all that dramatic considering the amount of sodium too, because typically when someone starts a new diet, you know, especially if they've been eating like crap, they're also taking in a lot more water and a lot more fluids like they're supposed to versus, you know, when you're in fast food, you don't really care what your fluid intake is. So the water retention and holding water with the higher sodium for fast food, I mean, for those who don't know, and I would assume that everybody does, but fast food or food prepared in most restaurants is going to be pretty high in sodium. They want you to come back and buy their food and visit their restaurant and even a chicken breast. If you go to a restaurant and you eat a chicken breast, you know, this is the best chicken breast I have for you. I don't know why I can't make chicken taste like that. You didn't put extra shit in it because they want you to come back and they're going to put in put those things in there, or they're going to cook it, sous v, which is the way to go. What is that? You sous v? Yeah. Oh, sous v is it. Look, if you're going to make chicken every meal, you buy a sous v for 3,400 bucks. What you do is you sous v basically is, and some of them make correct me on this, but I have the basics down. It's essentially sealing the chicken breast or the meat, which a lot of restaurants do even high in, you know, even stakes things like that. They'll sous v, they'll put them in a bag, they'll put them in water so that, you know, obviously there's no water getting to the meat and they cook it to a specific temperature and then they move it to the grill and then they cook it or they chart and then they serve it. That will make the best chicken breast. Now, when I say the best, maybe not the best, but it'll make it juicy and it'll be consistent every single time. Yeah. It might not taste in for else, still taste like chicken. It'll just be like really moist, you know, good chicken. Yeah, but the water content is big with the flavor. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, I don't know how many times my chicken ends up. That's why you have to do it pretty much every meal because if you cook it sous v and then you reheat it three days later, while it's still going to taste like crab and chicken. But if you have the time to be a people, that's why I always laughed and said when people were doing the, what was it? The air fryer or the ninja or something like, you know, as we'll get sous v and spend the extra money and make it taste really good because the air fryer, dryer, chicken just fast or just as much, but it doesn't. And they're always so small. The portion you can cook. Oh yeah, it was an all that big. But anyway, I don't know where I was going with that. I was on the fast food and then I got to the sous v. But anyway, that's the way to go. I think math. Did you guys did you guys ever use the, um, what that was a call? Don't take out it on, got me into it like years, like 20 years ago. It was like, you took the chicken breast and you put it in parchment paper and put it in the poster of it. And these two things came and like heated the sides. No, oh, like a peneer, peneer, peneer. No, no, no, like you put it in like a toast. George, for years. I'm not a buddy building 101. I had to put it in the parchment paper and it like kept the juices in. And I remember because I was dirt poor and I was living in someone's home gym at the time. And I didn't have anything. I had a microwave and I had a small little tiny fridge and I was living off Deli Turkey and Deli Rose Bee for most of my meals and oh, right. Not even cooking. It just cold. All right. And it was some of the best progress I ever made. When you when you boil things down to simplicity and that's all you have, it's almost easier. But he talked, I was working with them. He taught me, he got me to get this thing. I can't remember. I don't even think Amazon was around that. So I must have went to Walmart. We got it. Yeah. Yeah. It cooked. It made it juicy chicken, but man, it just took forever to cook it. So when you wanted to cook six times a day, it was such a pain. But I don't know what that was. I'll look it up. I'll see if it's, I'll see if they still sell it. Right now I'm blessed. I have Rachel cooking my chicken all day. She cooks. I think Tornys been making this. Does she? Yeah. She cooks all my meals. My beef, my chicken. She gets my, my, what do you call it? Sue, she grade tuna that I eat two meals a day. Yeah. But you know, here's the thing. She's getting busy with her coaching. I feel like I'm going to have start cooking my own meals soon as it's going to be. You're going to forget. You're going to forget how. Yeah. So is there anything else? I mean, I know this is just like a surface level. Hey, this is how you start a car. I got a question. Just get, I got a question. So, yeah. Yeah. Let's get when you get a nobody and you want to start them on like a skip load. You get a new guy. He's a bodybuilder. He's experience. He's eating, you know, four, four to five thousand calories a day. But he's like, hey, his get. I want you to prep me for the show. We're 24 weeks out. You know, how do you start them out? Do you do like a, you know, a training day, non-training day? Do you do like a base diet? And you immediately go right into the skip loads. That first week or give me some insight on that. Yeah. No, it's not usually skip loading right away. Now, back in the day, it usually was. And I had 95% of people respond well to it. And oddly enough, even guys who are carrying a lot of body fat that one guy comes to mind. I know he won't mind me using the same mechanic banks would always come to me 80, 90, one time closer to 100 pounds over his weight. You know, let's get blow to him right from the first week. And that guy would lose just an absurd. It was one of my better transformations over the years. And we probably prepped. I'm thinking four or five times. And every time we would just pull in, it got to the point where it's like, bro, like, you're just going to continue to come to me. Like, just to challenge me. Like, next time it's going to be 120 pounds. But it was crazy. But I have found over the years that it's still better to get them. Let's put it this way. It's not necessarily than it wouldn't work, but it wasn't necessary. You might as well run it three to four weeks. I mean, I just started my cut face. I went five weeks before I did. And the only other thing that I've changed is I do tend to start the the loads, especially if we're on a timeframe. Like, if it's proper something, a little bit cleaner. And then break into heavier foods as we get in, you know, where the signs are saying, yes, we need more calories. Now, one thing I won't typically do is I won't have high carbs. Sometimes I do, but not very often. I won't have high carbs days on top of a skip load. Because the skip load is almost always weekly. So as an example, if I'm not a client loading on a Sunday, it's not likely that I'm going to push up calories on a Wednesday or a Thursday. There are times. I mean, every situation is individual, but it's not terribly common. Usually we're running and I get the calories established during the week and tweet, it's still a cycle because there may be training versus non-training, you know, things like that. But even for a leg day unless the leg day is late in the week, an example would be if they were going to train legs on a Thursday or Friday and they're deep into a prop we may push up. But then you have other variables like whether they're going to be intercarbs, whether there's insulin being used, things like that. So as an example, I may load on Sundays, but I train legs on Friday. Sometimes I still will push up another 55 grams carbs on a Friday, but their may or may not be insulin in there or reasons that I don't want to risk being hypos. So I will increase those. I remember I was training arms on Fridays, legs on Thursdays in a cut and I would not go hypos on legs. But if I didn't come straight home after training arms on Friday, if I stopped at the grocery store, I'd be sweating before I got home. Oh yeah, you know, hypos. And that, you know, I want to say it's a close call, but you start to get the sweats here like, you know, get out of my way. I need to get my food sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, two, three weeks. It's usually three, three, four weeks. I want a depletion. I want a use for that higher could because it's not even a higher car. I mean, it's a skip load. It's a substantial, you know, there's there's far more compensation going on with the skip load than there is on a high day. But I'm not against high days. I mean, I do that with some clients to it. It really, I know people who listen don't, yeah, so individuals, so individual, they like those black and white answers. But this is a situation where you just really can't do that. We're given answers. I think we're talking about this topic based on what we do to large majority of the time. Yeah. Well, even that skip load for the one person is going to probably change, you know, through the, through the, the diet. And I think the overarching thing with, with a, a, a carb cycle is that, and the way I try to explain you to people that aren't familiar with it when we do it is we're depleting you down to pleading you down to pleading you down then loading you up. It's, it's a process of, and the way I see dieting really is a, it's a series of depleting and loading, depleting and loading. Absolutely. You know, and it gives you an opportunity to see how somebody's going to look. Well, think I'm not even sure about skip. But we probably talked about a hundred times before. When you skip load, do you skip load into the show? Is that what you used and asked to load? Not always. It can be, again, there's a lot of variables. There's variables. Here's the biggest one. Do you have to make weight on a Friday night? Oh, yeah. And how big are you and how depleted are you? Because if you're a big boy and you're making weight on a Friday night, you have to compete Saturday morning and you're really depleted. I mean, it's a lot easier to fill out a middleweight in that time frame if they're not ridiculously depleted. Versus, you know, a heavyweight who is really, really depleted. Then it comes into, well, there's basically, I was just talking about this in one of my clients just about a week. There's three main ways I used to load. And I won't get into too much because that's not the topic, but I do want to put this out there in film spill, which we all know because, you know, even Johnnie's film spill method. I've used that forever that goes back to the longevity video. And that is, that doesn't always have to be clean. That'll depend on the person too, but it's loading earlier in the week and then cleaning it, you're basically filling up, it's filling and then you're cleaning up the mess for the last couple of days when I say, I'm basically just subcute water and then you're going into the show, dry and harden full. But to do that, if you're at the top end of a weight class, good luck with that because you don't want to have to factor in the weight of that point, you're going strictly on condition and what basically is going to be your best look despite what you weigh. So if you're close to the cut off, that's not going to work. Then comes number two, which is making the weight and potentially even drying out to get under the weight and then loading and when you load on a Friday night and Saturday, you also have to be very, very careful to make that process efficient. You got to have enough water in there because if you're already dry, you can eat a ton of food, but digestion's going to move real real slow when you're not fully hydrated and you're not going to be storing glycogen at a very efficient or optimal rate without enough food too. And then the third one is one that I use for junior essays, which I can't get into right now, but it is radical and it worked and if I could have gone on stage almost 19 pounds heavier when I took those pictures, I would do it. I have not replicated that since oh nine, it's in the back of my brain if I ever get on stage again, but a huge, huge gamble because you either nail it and you're just riding, you know, you're on cloud nine or you fail miserably because you were off by 10 hours and you look great on Sunday or you look great on Friday. Let me ask you guys both a question, with your refeeds, you have athletes or clients increase their their sodium intake purposely. Always. I am going to think that the main sodium is just a horrible idea personally. I just don't think they're hand in hand. I'm not saying I'm not saying cut it, but I'm saying, you know, just using simple math, but simple chemistry, knowing that to make glycogen, you need to have extra sodium, potassium, you need to be ace all that. So it would be who of you not to make sure you're adding a little extra salt. At least, absolutely equal to the amount of the carbs that you're adding in. Like if you're, I know it's impossible to target figure out the numbers, but if you're a 2000 milligram sodium per day person on your base diet and then suddenly you're doubling your carbohydrate intake, well, guess what? You're going to have a hard time synthesizing glycogen if your sodium levels aren't up to par. You don't say anything with the water because you mentioned the water. That's another key thing. People think, oh, I'm going to carve up and still stay dry. Well, you can still look dry, but you still need to add water in there to get the glycogen going into the muscle, to get the carb. Yeah, we're going to do muscle, we'll make glycogen. And I think it's a lot of what we're seeing, you know, back in the early days on the messenger boards when people would look so crazy on Sundays. Everybody's like, oh, it's carbs. A lot of those guys had plenty of carbs. They just didn't have enough water and they didn't have enough sodium. So then it hit the next name and they're like, oh, man. I look at this picture in the elevator because elevator lighting was always so good. Elevator lighting, boutique lighting, like high-end shoes you go to the Jimmy two store, great. Oh my god, you want to take pictures there. And bathroom, hotel, not, it was put to high-end hotel bathroom lighting, not super eight or anything like that, but high-end hotel bathroom lighting. Those three places will get you in the best lighting. Skips back on the shoes again. Always on the shoes. I was by sound. I would get an illustrator saying that my mic is real low. It's a little bit more, but I haven't noticed it. Okay, I might have rearranged it between our episodes, maybe I'll turn it in like that or something. This isn't the normal mic that I work on. I can see it's probably a little bit low. I'll fix that post-production of its an issue. Thank you very much, Matt Sharp. I got another one for you guys. How about this? We got a question, Andrew mentioned we should we should pull this one. We had, I'm going to grab this screenshot. This is from the group. Which grip for lat width? Nags answered this question and he said yes. That was his answer. Crafty, crafty. Yeah. I don't know, I'll go to the right side on the neutral narrow and the left side on the left. I'm going to pull it like this. Then just do the next episode. Absolutely. Yeah, that. I think this question comes because back in the day, body building folklore that if you wanted to get a wide back, you needed to use a wide grip. You sure wanted to add more detail to your inner back. You needed to go with that close grip. And I can't remember who it was Dr. one of the science doctors that's in the body building posted studies years ago saying look the grip width doesn't matter. As long as you're not doing this ultra wide grip and you're not doing this two fingers touch in each other grip, somewhere in between the activation of the lat tissue is almost exactly the same. So whichever grip you feel more comfortable with, I think you got to look at your wrists and your elbow health because sometimes people do certain grips and aggravate the wrists. Like I don't know about you guys, but when you step into the old fashioned chin-ups, those would kill my inner inner elbows. I don't do those. Yeah, I don't like the, you know, I don't know if you guys can see me. Yeah. I personally prefer a shoulder width neutral grip. I just feel that connection the best. It's what I've always gone with when I do lap hold downs. That's not to say that I don't do some slightly wider grip hold downs if the people I'm training with want to go in that way. But I just think that you go with whatever grip feels most comfortable for you. It's not going to affect your width. If you go super wide or super narrow, just go with what works for you. Yeah. Now there was one trainer I won't mention his name who was very particular about the grips. In fact, putting a red circle with a line through it saying that anything narrow you do rub. This was just absolutely ridiculous. Because you know, we live in an age now, especially on social media where they're, you're stupid for doing things that, you know, a trainer doesn't believe you should do. So again, I don't want to mention any names. I could say, be a jerk and say, you know, but his name rhymes with, but I won't even do that because I don't want to give many attention. I agree with you, Andrew. I don't think there's a grip that is necessarily bad. I will say this. What the trainer was trying to say, but his rata mentoding gets in the way of his ability to explain essentially the nuances of he doesn't get into the details of why he just matter of fact, this is stupid and don't do this. It's a range of motion issue. So yes, the back is still working with all these different grips, but the reason I think I'm just giving my opinion, why it's a weird thing to just give an opinion in that, say whether something is stupid or right wrong, but I'll try it. The old school Arnold, you know, where the wider your grip, the wider the back, the reason in my opinion that that is is not good or not great information, because it reduces the range of motion. If you have a really wide back and a wide clap, then a wider grip for that person might be more beneficial than someone with narrow clavicles and narrow back like myself, and does not have the scapula coming out with his huge range of motion. I always tell my clients that if you're just outside of shoulder width, that's typically going to be where your elbows are going to, because this is a elbow game. What happens about the more the elbows, their range of motion, just judge where the movement of the elbows from full stretch contraction, retraction, pro traction, all that. So if you just outside of the shoulder grip, you're going to get the best range of motion. Does that necessarily mean that that's better than going slightly wider with even like a mad grip? No, it's a different stimulus. It's slightly different. Real narrow. If you have for someone who has narrow clavicles and poor range of motion for the scapula, then going in closer and keeping the elbows in front, I'm going to do this. Here, there we go. Yes. The elbows in for someone who's narrow like, well help the scapula to come out and forward much more so than someone, then if I was wider. So that is beneficial for me. As an example, say, a pullover. That's a really good movement. Yes. As I'm narrow. Nero or more narrow, lap posts to the front are a pretty good movement for me versus a wide grip, because I get a better range of motion that way. And the more movement you get through the scapula, typically the more or the harder those muscles are working around, essentially underneath your armpit or around the scapula. So it still comes back to, and this is why I like what Mike said when he said, yes, his answer was yes. Use a variety of grips. I'll go on record and say my favorite grip, but good luck finding it for chins is, and I don't think it was on that, which hammer strength typically covers almost all their grips or all those grips for variety. But I like just outside of shoulder width or just at shoulder width or just outside. But it's an, that one in the middle might be it, but I can't tell because it's too de obviously I'm not standing underneath it. Yeah. Yeah. This, okay, see the lap, sorry, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the the inside grips, there it is. The inside grips that come out and they come, they like neutral, right in the middle, it's kind of neutral, but then they flare out. Yeah. If those were straight across, I would use those as an undergrad. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Does that make any sense? I like that. Look at that. I could see that. I could see that. I can see that. They do have a mag bar. It's not very common, but that is an undercageary to turn those, you can turn most them around. If you look at them close, there's subtle one will be slightly under and then you just twist the wire around it slightly over. I like an undergrad, but that's an individual thing for me because I'm narrowclavical and I don't have a lot of range of motion through my scapula. I always get on my wife because when she does lapels her scapula come out and they round out and I'm like, I've been trying to have 40 years on it. So yeah, I could have such a better back if I could get my scapula to open like that, but they just genetically, they will not open. It's like they're, I don't know, like there's fibers, cartilage in there. They just will not let them come out. So that grip for me is a pretty damn regret, but then you get into the hammer strength that has the same, you know, the lap hole that's out and up in a bug that's under grip can't use it. It does not work for me at all. So there's the individual component. You have to play with that. Nick said in the segment we were talking about with training. I think it's a great, great point. You have to find those exercises where you feel that you're able to activate the muscle that the best that you can and that is a very, very individual thing. That's why it's a trainer. I find it difficult sometimes to say, no, you must do this exercise. You must do this exercise. That's not always case provided that your mechanics are sound and you're actually doing the movements mechanically. You've got to see if you're using a machine. You've got to see it correctly. The bars coming in or the hands coming in allowing for the best range motion, not everyone is going to feel those exercises the same and if you're not able to feel them, if you're not able to activate those target muscles fully, then that exercise is going to be that good for you at all. I've shared my idea so many times on the pull down. I'll just say skip. I like what you said with keeping those elbows in, that's what I found work good for me. If I get too wide, then I just start, I'm a scoot over so you can see me. I just start going like this. I'm pulling down like this and I'm just hitting the terries. I'm not getting into that lad at all. I found it was training from home, letting my ego go. I thought about the way the pull over worked and I thought if my elbows were to track the way a pull over, the way a pull over tracks, I'm coming down like this and that works for me. So I'm going to hold it either shoulder width and come down like this or I'm going to go to that close grip and pull down like this. I'm talking to the solar plexus basically and with that, I was able to grow my back big thick and wide contrary to what Arnold told me. You got to go wide to get a wide back. And a cue just for anybody listening. If this is not resonating or you're not fully understanding what we're talking about, no matter the grip, if you're doing a lot while it goes with a row, too to be honest, but it's a little bit harder. At least with any lap pull, think of trying to touch your elbows together. If you're on a chin and it's an overhand grip, take, I wish I could and let me say it's this. It's turning, it's that subtle elbow. Yeah, there's in. There's in. I can see what's in from a leap FTS made a video about this a couple years ago and I hit him up in media. It was like that is the best cue and he was I actually did it too and one of my Instagram where I would do it and I was very dramatic about it at the top. It was like a warm upset and I would hang or in the stretch position and then meet with snap both elbows and I'm on my chest. That old video. It's like a visual. It's like that. I do the exact same thing, man. They've cross-lead a good cue that he uses. He said for him he wanted to make sure that his elbow was under his hand. Oh yeah, definitely. That's another one. Because if you watch, if you have your clients do videos, you want to see lap holes from the side so that you can see how the elbow and the wrist are tracking because remember you're not the way all pull from our hands because our hands are attached to the bar but that's really the only the wrist shouldn't be taken into consideration the wrist placement. It should be the elbow position. It's always elbow position. It's elbow position damn near everything you do with your upper body. We got a couple other. So I don't know what the deal was but last episode it would be two episodes from the time you guys saw this. I don't know why the comments were shut off. It was some sort of glitch with YouTube because I went back and like I shouldn't have to turn them on. When I upload, they're automatically on and then I had to go back in and manually turn them on and then they shut off again. We only got a handful of comments unfortunately it hurt the viewership of that episode. So I'm gonna do my best but you know we only had it that one time. I blamed Skip. They saw his name was on the show. Exactly. And so we didn't get a lot of questions that said we need all your guys and questions. Whatever you got throw them on us and we'll tackle them. I've got one that was left on Patreon and I already asked Ron and Dusty and I shared one of my stories. I'm gonna I'll I'll fill a little bit while I bring this up so you guys can think. Ron and Dusty and I we already tackled this one but we got a new group here. I want to hear what YouTube have to say. The question was, has anyone ever said something to you during your bodybuilding career that lived rent free in your brain for way too long like a judge, a coach, or a training partner? I shared a couple including including my first contest, a guy told I made a I should say this on beat and it's just bodybuilding. I had made a post saying, oh my god, I was so excited. I did my first show. I can't believe I placed second place. That was so close to winning my class and the guy who won the overall DM to me and he was like, you didn't even come close to winning. That guy who beat you, he spoke to you. You weren't even remotely. And like I wasn't saying like, oh I should have beat him. I was just saying holy crap. I beat like six guys. I'm blowing away, you know. And then it's a more about the other guy. Yeah, what was the question? When the scorecard came out as the rest of the audience knows if they heard it's just bodybuilding, I lost that show by one point. So there's that. But that's a nice silver lining for sure. So I tried to give you guys a little bit of a fill here to think of something. Oh, I've got one. Oh, I didn't need to fill to you. It's a long time ago, but I don't want to I've been talking about that for quite a while and you run it. Andrew. What does Kip say about you that you haven't forgotten? He did tell me to sit down and shut the fuck up what I asked to be on the river. That's right. I didn't say it any like that, but those weren't the exact words. But what's the theme coming to your other post? I think that was the delivery. I mean, to be fair though, I mean, I was what 19, maybe 20 years old, and I thought I knew everything. Well, I didn't, I didn't act like it though, but internally, I thought I was smarter than all these other guys. You know, like, I knew all these awesome prep coaching. I knew what I was doing. I knew I did a bodybuilding show. Did you guys know that? I won my class, you know? No, but like, I would probably say it was, it was all I'm actually getting big and I pulled you guys as before, but you know, I posted some of my first pictures ever. And it was weird to post pictures back then, right? Like it was a rare thing. And I had like a pretty good off-season after my first contest, and I posted my progress pics. And I just remember the first comment was like, wow, you look good. You're getting ready for that 100 meter freestyle swim or what? Oh, and then the other guys like piled it on too, like, he looks more like a backstroke guy, you know, it just, you know, so I didn't post on that side any longer for a good number of years, but that's, that's one of them. The other one is, you know, every year it was in these are good people that would say this, like, man, like his structure is just so good. If he could just put on five more pounds, well, guess what? The next year I showed up with six more pounds. And then it with the comments were, man, his structure is just so good. Uh, 10 more pounds of muscle. And they just kept on going from there to when I was like, 240 one year, it was like, man, if he could just put on 15 more pounds. It didn't really like. It didn't. So I'm, okay, stop, it's stuck with you. It's stuck with you. It's stuck with you. Yeah. But I'm also very realistic about genetics in the sport and you, I have a great structure, but like the ability to put on muscle, like, oh, if you, if you just start eating and training hard, you know, it's like, guys, I've been doing this since I was 14 eating and training hard, you know what I mean? So I always had a very realistic view of how far I could go and maybe it held me back some because, you know, I feel like all of us were kind of dreamers in a sense about how far we can go with this thing. I was never one of those guys. I was like, oh, I'm like Nick said in the last episode. At 17, he knew he was going to make it to the Olympia and he was going to be Mr. Olympia someday. For me, it was like, I just want to get his biggest jack as my genetics will take me. And I had a very firm understanding of science, a very firm understanding of, a firm economics and a little bit about pharmacology at that point. So I just do that all the things that go into bodybuilding, it's more than just desire and work. It's more than just, you know, work ethic. There's a lot of factors that have to come into play. So I didn't necessarily bring me down in such a negative way, but it was a little bit of a, of a nudge, I guess you could say. Sure. And when Nick said that about, you know, knowing he was going to be Mr. Olympia at 17, I knew I was going to be Mr. Olympia at 15. I'm not trying to beat him. I was saying he was 15, but the thing is it took me about another six years before I realized, I don't think this is going to happen. This is not going to plan here. So I'm saying that what I really mean is, I don't doubt that he knew or thought he was going to be Mr. Olympia. I don't doubt that because I was in that position when I was younger too. It's just that there are thousands and thousands and tens of thousands of kids who feel the same way before they realize what their, it's kind of like the NFL or baseball. Yeah, it happened up with me too. We have a lot of times we have a, we're disillusioned into what we, like, we don't, we understand what we want, but we don't understand what it takes to actually get there. And I was fortunate enough to realize early on that it wasn't going to happen instead of holding on to something that was like you say, Andrew, I'm realistic. I understood the genetic component of it understood that, you know, I mean, I remember when I said I was 15, it was 16 or 17, I realized, oh, I got to make a lot of drugs. Okay, well, I'm already in three years. I'm already invested. So I might as well, you know, that sort of thing, which I laugh about now. But no, the situation happened for me was very, very clear. It was the one things I've written hard for two articles about it. Zame was Steve Jones and he was a pretty good bodybuilder in the Illinois area, but we lived in Michigan, of course, at the time I grew up in Battle Creek. So Scott and I had kind of come from the same area about two hours apart. And we're going out the Y Center and, you know, I was in a probably a life beater or something when I was 14 or 15 years old and I was just in their train. I didn't think I was huge or anything like that. I was just in there just train. I was just was training hard and doing what I thought was right and reading the magazines and everything else. And you know, I had what I thought was pretty good pump going on and I went over to the water fountain to get a drink and this fucking huge jackdood Steve Jones who was standing there and he was standing there with this just clown dude who had those 1980s, I could see it like it was yesterday and he has a little bit of a gotten super tall. He's like, you know, 6465. This guy ended up going on to be a borderline professional wrestler. Okay. The reason I say borderline is because I went to school with Rob Bandam, Rob's a cow's king and dang me and they both went obviously everybody going to drop Bandam and they were both saying when they were teenagers, we're going to be professional wrestlers and we're like, oh sure you are okay, whatever, but we all trained at the same gym, everything else in Cherishet, you know, Rob ended up being a pretty big guy in the wrestling world. Anyway, these two are standing there, Steve Jones is Jack Dries only like five, six, five, seven and walk over the farm and he says he goes and he usually fucked with me but this time he was seriously goes looking pretty big today, Ken, because you know back then everybody called me Ken, because you know that's my name and I looked at him and I was like, really you think so and I looked down and he just busted out laughing. He goes, oh no, in the other guys like, you know the big goofy guy, because at least here's the thing, as much as it bothered me, it was a jack do, you know, so I was like, yeah, I cared what he thought, but the goofy ass guy standing next to him, I hated the guy with a passion anyway because he was always just addicted to me in the gym, I was always in his way, you know shit like that. So, and I just remember looking at him looking at the target going, you know, because I thought I'm gonna get my ass kicked, I mean what the hell, you just totally embarrassed me and humiliated me, you know, even though there's no one else standing there but me and these two other guys. So I ended up walking away, feeling like a, you know, a schmuck. So I went and I did drugs for 30 years and I got his biggest I could fuck that guy. I could always, it always stuck with me and it's something from my teenage years that has always been, you know, in the, like you say, living rent free, it's always been in the back of my mouth. I even wonder about things like that to this day. What? Like if that didn't happen or if this other situation didn't happen, would I be on the path that would the answer is easy? Of course not, everything in our paths, kind of sets us on the path that we have moving forward. Some of it more than other, some of it less than others but it very clearly impacted me if I remember it what 40 years later? I want to add one thing though because you said you brought up the example of like, you know, football player, baseball player. The sad thing about our sport is that there's a guy who could not have trained until he was 25, pick up some weights and by the time he's 30s on the Olympia stage. Like, where's like, like, the, the, the professional sports like football, basketball, whatever. Like, you saw them develop in the farm, you know, in the high school leagues, then college and whatnot. So you know that they're going to be who they are. But like, say for instance, like Andrew Jack, you know, anyone who he was two and a half years ago, now he's a top five Olympian. He just came out of the blue zone, lived in some weights and now he's one of the top guys in the world. That's the thing on our sport. And it's different. It's different. It's, you have to have a very, um, trying to be a boarding. You just have to be very realistic with yourself and understand that it's not your, your, your, your results are not necessarily a reflection of your efforts compared to other people. Right. Yeah. Because you might work twice as hard as that guy. It's just he's got better genetics than you. Yeah. The cool thing with what we do though versus baseball and basketball football is you're going to be like you said you're going to, you're going to know early on whether you're going to really excel at those sports, which is the point that you're making. But here's the cool thing about bodybuilding is even if you're mediocre at it. And I'm right there. I put myself, so I'm speaking about myself. Even if you're mediocre at it, you can continue to do it even for a long time and still continue to get better. Maybe not Nick Walker better, you know, between shows and everything else, but you can still continue to progress. And you know, it provides, you know, outlet it provides if you want to call it, you know, I want to say it's not self worth itself. A steam, it's things that it's something that I carry that fortunately I've been passionate about and I've enjoyed doing, otherwise I wouldn't be training for 40 years. I'm right there with you, man. But it's the same. Yeah. And I think that it's a cool thing that you can carry that in later into life versus there's no way I could swing about with that throwing my, you know, even guys who are good, you're not going to be swinging about very hard after, you know, your late 30s or into your four. It's just not going to happen or pitching or that sort of, you're just not going to be able to do that. Even at the elite level, they're done by 40, but you can continue, you know, the, the braidies and the L ways and that sort of thing. But you can continue to do this as long as you're physically able. And if you know what you're doing, if you're relatively smart, you know, you stake in sister with you continue to do it until, hopefully until they may be before they put you in the ground. And you can keep doing it competitively for a long time too, as such. You know, it kind of irritates me when I hear guys figure out that they're never, or they decide they're like, maybe they've been even tried and they're like, I'm never going to be a Nick Walker. So live and compete, I'm never going to turn pro. It's like it's not, it's not about that. It's about doing the best you can, you know, and, but it is to a lot of people. It really is about that to a lot of people. That's the thing. That's not what's we're never, none of us would ever said, well, you know, I'm not going to be a braidies. So I really don't want to do it. Yeah, you know, I'm not going to be as good as trail day of a site. I don't want to do that. That's just an odd, it's an odd question. And here's a question for the future that we're not going to know the answer to today, but because I feel like what we're talking about our generation definitely feels that way. But a lot of these newer Instagram guys, people that are in there with the tripod, it's like, are they going to still be doing that 20, 25 years later? Like, we are. Yeah. And that's what I always question. Our generation, I know, I don't like to make this about the kids or anything. But our generation's, I think it was incredibly, and still is incredibly passionate about the lifestyle and about just being a bodybuilder. And that's why I don't like to say, oh, you don't compete. You're not a bodybuilder. You can't tell someone that they don't compete that they're not a bodybuilder. That's just silly. That's your main definition of what a bodybuilder should be. If you live the lifestyle and you consider yourself a bodybuilder, you're a bodybuilder. Even if you suck your bodybuilder, I got no problem with that. I'm not going to battle you on that. Correct. I hope nobody would battle me on that. They're a judgment. Tell me I'm not a bodybuilder. I'm competing 12 years. Not a bodybuilder. I'm not a competitive bodybuilder. You may still be, but I'm not now. Okay. You know what I think though, Andrew is that maybe it's more popular now than when we were younger. So maybe some of the, like, a lot of the guys who found it may be found it for the right reasons or maybe they got into it and then they discovered the right reasons. And so a lot, maybe more people, I don't know if more people can stuck with it. You know, the older generation, the younger generation, you know, I bet that some of the guys along the way are going to discover some of the rewards that we were talking about. And that they'll still be the ones to stick with it. The guys that really figured out they're still going to be banging it out in 20 years. You know, I just hear, because I've had these conversations with people and I just kind of like not go home. Yeah. Some of these guys in the gym where, you know, they're like, well, you know, I look like this and I only got third place at Nationals. Like what? They want me to put like on another 10 pounds. Like what am I going to kill myself for that? Yeah. So you're that too. Like I'm done. You know, like it's not worth it. In my mind, it's like, well, then bodybuilding isn't worth it. Like the lifelong aspect of bodybuilding. You're really just chasing the quote unquote plastic trophy. Yeah. I'm with you. Well, now that we sound like a bunch of old guys, I think that's a good place to wrap the show up. Eat your vegetables. Stay in school. Oh, that. Do I do drugs? You know, I'm just going to go there. We just got demonetized. We're back on the right now. You're never going to get up with Nick Walker if you don't. Let's see that. We appreciate you guys tuning in and thank you for hanging out with us. Like I said, before leave us questions for the next episode because we're going to need them. Also, you know, comment with guest ideas. We'd love to bring out some more guests. So tell us who you'd like to see on the show. Of course, check out true nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. Let me know if you have any questions about any of their products. Anything like the team's get lend or anything else, they carry highly basic liquid dexterin. I'm really pushing for their highly brand sickly dexterin now because there are a few companies out there that are offering a true actual highly brand sickly dexterin that's not cut with dexteros or some petnid BS blend. You just and you get literally you pay for what you're getting. So check about true nutrition. Use their highly brand sickly dexterin. Use code. And of course, go over to suplebitsource.ca for Canadians because they have a lot of deals that change week to week, label changes, short dated products, supplements as I mentioned, supplement source.ca. And Patreon, thank you guys everybody for Patreon and bodybarry.com, team skip.com, Nick Naly, diets at shmail.com. Guys for another episode of BloodsWit and Gear, we'll see you soon. Thanks everybody.