Yeah, and Agua Boys, by the way, is not prescribed to anybody. It is not really serious. No, it's not FDA approved, right? It's a veterinary drug. Let's get that. Hence the name, Equa. Equaim. Four Seeds. And Abolki is 100. Andogenic is 50. So it's a trying to broke far from a point of view of low sides. Yeah, definitely 125-37. So slightly less immediately stressful. It's slightly better on the metabolic side if you want to use those markers as guidelines. And I would say that actually reflects when you're using it. Deca's issues are instantaneously physical. What's up guys? Welcome back to the podcast. With Dave Crossley and I'm Scott McDaley and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you very much for your support. We've got a couple of Patreon questions today. Leave questions over there. I'm going to put up a new thread after I record this show. We are brought to you by evalblutanalysis.com. If you're in the UK, well, you're on gear, then you definitely need to get your labs done. But you should get your labs done anyway, and you can do that through Dave at evalblutanalysis.com. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition. Check them out in the UK or the US for great health stacks, especially if you're on cycle. I'm taking the thrombo max right here. In fact, I got to take my thrombo max because I forgot to do it already. We're also brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for Canadian to have great deals at changeweek. We can turnutrition.com, use our code, think to get 10% off all your basic bodybuilding supplements. They have high quality protein, creatinine, and interworkout, stuff like that. Dave, you look terrible, man. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? My day yesterday started at 5am. Okay. Fair enough. He ended at about 1am. What happened? What happened? I started again today at about 5am, so this month. Did you get a rate for me? No, one is rather tired. You know what? I even got some new car parts today, and I'm not even excited about them. I'm not tired. Oh, geez. Why? What did you deal? What was so busy about yesterday? I took it up early and started crack onto work because I had to drive to Oxford at 10am. Crack on. That ended up being 6 hours to get down there. Then it was like 3 hours of work, turn around, come straight back. We nightcloses and everything else that seems to happen in this country now. Got home, just after midnight. That's a sort of few things for the winter bed. And then I'd get back up and try and crumb two days work in one. So at this point, I'm in bit. So we can take it advantage of Dave and his weekend state today. There will be a lot of yawning today much more than normal. Alright, well listen. I've got a topic for us. This was based off of a listener question over on Patreon. And we of course have all of our listener questions. Dave, we have a lot of listener questions today. The topic is aqua poise versus nanderloin. That's an angelone period. You could call it, you know, daca and pp. Aqua poise versus nanderloin for muscle gains. I think it'll be an interesting conversation because I know you stand in one side of that fence and I stand on the other. Yeah, so I mean for anybody who's new. You're an angelone fan. You prefer daca any day of the week, right? No, the table will do hate it with never use it. Oh, so you're I'm an EQ fan personally. I found that for me aqua poise was an absolute game changer and there's a lot of people who agree with me. But here's a deal, man. First time I ran it, Dave. Yeah. Five milligrams of anava. That's all you have in it. Let's tell you ever need. Yeah, well, we're talking for parkour body building purposes here. This is not here. All right, plus seven milligrams of. Yeah, no, I mean, I think if you looked at the two drugs non scientifically and just looked at how you feel and the progress you get on them. Yeah. They do seem to be very, very similar in how people actually feel, you know, in a sense of muscular gain strength gain and everything. I would say, personally, that underlone is the slight edge for my metabolic point of view over EQ. EQ has some immediate disadvantages. One being, well, ones are positive and negative, which is the estrogen side of things because it is a very impressive anti-estrogen. There can be a little bit too much so. And the other thing is a blood thing, but having said that, the decor is much more impacting from a health point of view long term. So you've got the value of ask of the risk with Deca, you've got the memory issues with Deca, and you've got the immediate which seems to be more common these days and never used to be. It's the mental health side of things, more and more people are reporting depression episodes with Deca, which no one ever used to mention. So I don't know if that's just because they didn't say anything or it didn't happen or what I really can't. Or it's just that there's a big, a pool of users now, so you get a more broad spectrum range of sides. I don't know. But so yeah, I don't think. I personally still lean slightly over towards Deca, but if I'm being serious and not taking the piss, I would say from a natural results point of view, the drugs are quite similar. I mean, one of the downsides of Deca is, it is a bit slow. It is a bit of a long term. It's not back at our EQ, it is a bit slow. Yeah, yeah, it is a bit of a long term. And obviously you do have the fast act in version of MPP with Wendell and if you want to go that route. So there is some variety there, you can play with. So I mean, but yeah, to me Deca's got the edge, but it's not huge. It's not huge, and EQ do offer some, just offer some unique little properties that can be very useful, depending on the circumstances of which you apply. So let me ask you this, do you know offhand or do you maybe have notes somewhere about the anabolic androgenic ratio of both EQ and Deca? I know that I'm just dropping that on you. I thought you might have some more. Now I can then your computer. I can find it very quickly. Okay. I do have. I mean, I'll memory. I think Deca's 50, and a genie about one third, you won't fall in anabolic. So it's actually quite an attractive profile that way. 50, androgenic. So testosterone being 100 to 100. So half is anrogenic is testosterone and then one point five times as anabolic. Yeah. It's not that literal, but it gives you a guide. I mean, originally the profiles were originally the profiles were doing on just these androgenicity compared to its own anabolic potential. Okay. And then the chain, all doing rats as well. Then they changed it was prostate was the undergenic effect, and a muslin that hit was the anabolic effect marker. And originally it was like one to two, one to one point one, and it was, you know, anabolic against anrogenic within that compound. And then what they said is they wanted a better sort of comparison for actual overall strength of the drug. So that's when we start getting the high end numbers. Okay. But it's widely recognized now that this is just a rough guide and straight retekin as a literal comparison. It does give you an idea of what you're looking at what sort of you've played and that way without drug. Hey. Well, he's with a fox. Bolden on the side of the neck. Here we go. So anabolic is a hundred undergenic is 50. So it's attractive profile for a point of your flow sides versus potential. Yeah. Uh, I found an angeline. I found Aquapoys to work for a couple female competitors that didn't do well with DHTs. I've worked with some girls who, in fact, you know what I'll tell you what man, something very interesting. Dave, one girl that I work with long term now. She, she never produced a estrogen like she always had low estrogen. She had been on the pill since she was just a kid as a, you know, she was raised as a dancer and, you know, highly controlled menstruation and all that. Uh, as she was a child into, you know, so you come off of that. She never produced good hormones. She never responded well to, um, and of our, we got her on a really good hormone replacement program now. And believe it or not, man, now she's doing great with just a low dose of, I think it was like five milligrams of anava that we're using at the time. With a bump in the test up just a tiny bit, but her, she's done in the past before all that. She had done really good with EQ as a growth compound with just a tiny bit of test mixed in to, you know, I, my VQ and the decade are generally well told by females. I mean, decade was being prescribed to women for decades. Yeah, and Agapoi's, by the way, is not prescribed to anybody. It is not really clear to us. It's not FDA approved, right? No, right? It's a veterinary drug. Let's get that to the end of the name, Equa. Equime. Yeah. Voices. Yeah. Yes. Um, but you know what, it's, I mean, uh, Decorate 125-37. So slightly less immediately stressful, slightly better on the metabolic side. If you want to use those markers as, as guidelines. And I would say that actually reflects when you're using it. Decorate issues aren't instantaneously physical. EQs issues are a little bit more instantaneously felt like not instantaneously, but they are off the time period of usage, where as decades physical impacts are more long-term development of issues around the heart and memory. So, yeah, you know, I would say that those, those readings do actually sort of, fairly well-pun out in the reality of what the drugs do and how you react to them, but you're the very comparable. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I just got me thinking about Equa Poison. I got a, I've got an idea for you. No, here's an advanced idea of cycling wise. Just through my experience, um, you know, fourth, fifth cycle, sixth cycle. Okay. So a third or fourth cycle I did test in deep off, right? I'm going way back in the memory bank. This is like 2005, 2006. Did test, excuse me, test in decad. Yes. 1976, come on. Yeah. That's actually the year I was born. We were not. Um, so here's a deal. Test decad, right? I've talked about that. Then just higher dose, all test, terrible side effects with acne from that. Then from there, I was like, well, why don't I try EQ, test EQ. I was highly disappointed at, I think I had done in the past 500 tests, 400. That got it now. I'm doing 500 tests, 400 EQ. I wrote decad off for a number of years after that. But then later, I came back to it and I dose it high. And when I dose it high, I got tremendous gains off of it down the road from there. And when I say height was like 1.25 grams of tests, 800, 700 EQ somewhere in there. Then down the road from that, I recognize, well, what if, and here's the mind-breaking idea, what if we combined them both together in the same cycle, test with high dose EQ and a small push of NPP for the first eight weeks? I loved that cycle man. That was my all time best growth cycle. I was surprised he was fucking 2 and half-gram again. I'm kidding, just about, I think like, yeah, that was my highest dosing. That was for sure. I think you can do that less though, and I have with clients swapping the dosing down and even changing the ratio. Some people they might do better with, you know, Deca. They might do great with it. I'm thinking to the Deca with a little bit of EQ versus the other way around. Yeah, and I would say that from a progress point of view, if you're looking for a drugs from a progress point of view, they are quite interchangeable. And if you don't get on with Deca, because it makes you feel like you want to slide, you don't want to get up and on it. Yeah. Then EQ would be a viable alternative on the same pitch. You know, if you struggle particularly about where high hemoglobin, because you've got overdrive in factors, and the EQ is to struggle breaks the camels back with it. Then Deca is equally a good alternative either way, just obviously you do have an East Asian management concern with Deca, which you don't have with EQ. Well, you do, where it's the opposite end of it, where the EQ is about East Asian being too low, rather than adding to it, which Deca does provide. Yeah. But yeah, no, I do think they're quite interchangeable compounds from a point of view of what you're getting out of it. You know, when I look at drugs, I look at the goal of the individual, right? Then I look at the drugs that help achieve that goal, right? So I've got a list of drugs, and I've got, this is what the person wants to achieve, so right, well that's no good, that's no good, that's no good, but that's, yep, yep, yep, yep. Then I look at the environment in which I'm pointing those drugs into, so this is the person, variability for adherence and communication and their health. So, you know, someone's got very high levels of body fat, therefore high levels of rheumatase. You're probably going to lean away from heavily rheumatizing drugs, because you know it's going to be an absolute nightmare to manage. If someone's got to fiercely pat me out already struggles with a hemoglobin, well that might knock EQ off the list then, but an oxys off the list then, because we know they have a drive in those areas. And so that's basically what you do, you start with this big long list, cut off what doesn't suit the goal, cut off what doesn't suit the person or the environment and then what's left is what you're building a cycle with. Yep, I don't know. There can be a few ways of doing that. And I think one of the things that you need to remember that when we talk about putting into the environment, it's not just like the physical structure of the person or the physical properties. Or even just their health markers, it's also them as an individual, you know, how good are they at following a diet, how good are they being able to understand what their experience is because we've both spoke to people and ended up needing an hour and a half conversation to just get to the bottom of what the actual symptoms are that they're experiencing. Because they're not good at telling you what's going on. So, you know, if it drugs got complex management, you want someone who can deal with that complex at the end of the point of view of feed you the information you need to know to be able to manage that. So, yeah, there's lots of factors that play into it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, what would be the, so one thing I've heard you say before is, is that the problem with DACA isn't the side effects the problem with DACA is the management. How would one get into if they were using the antrolone, how would one get into that in manager properly. So, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that are, there are some side effects that you need to be wary around stuff like the heart implications that DACA provides. But that is a long term thing, and very much not only a dose exposure, but a length of exposure related issue. So, that can still be managed by limiting, you know, the periods of time which you expose. So, DACA does two, two primary issues with DACA, well, three. One is DACA transport proteins, which results in one low mood and two high-productive. Right. Offset that in the first place by taking P5P, former B6, which increases DACA transport protein. So, we have an excess that's start with, which means the reduction then is not significantly impacted. It's what you, you like to start that before the cycle. Well, there's the reason, it's much easier to build that up when things are not being suppressed than it is to try and recover it when they're already suppressed. I like that idea. So, imagine it like a rate, you know, it's easier to get off early and get ahead or get a lead than it is to try and come from the back and catch up when you're a late start. Yeah. So, it's an area. Obviously, if P5P isn't enough, we can move into stronger drugs like care, we'll go to the end of the next. Yeah. Which are, don't mean agonists. And then the other thing is estrogen. Now, it converts at a rate of 20% of tests, so it isn't as much as test, but it does still convert to estrogen, so you just need to factor in that your region levels are going to be slightly higher. And as a result, you are going to need more estrogen management. That would be on that. The rest of it should be fairly steady, because it's not going to give you particularly high BP. Unless you don't manage the estrogen and therefore get water retention, but that will be a combination of the test and the decade together rather than just decade, decade, so much it says, only 20% conversion rate. So, actually, it's quite a lower, romanticizing drug on its own. A lot of people get hung up with progesterone, progesterone generally raises in a cycle scenario because you create stress. It's not particularly vein because the drugs and even it does what you're going to fucking do. Yeah, yeah, I found this bike's very slow. This is also natural on is that if you can control estrogen, you're less likely to have any other side effects than hormonally. That's the number one thing I've always done. Yeah, trend as well. Yeah, same with trend. Yeah, I mean, trend as some issues in a variety is, but you know, it's, it's, it's, but decade generally is, is not going to be hugely impacting on inflame in the body and that sort of thing. Obviously, it's quite supportive of collagen synthesis, so it can very often help with joints and support there as well. And, you know, for a drug that doesn't have a new under a huge hydrogen level, it has a pretty good effect on strength too. Yeah, which sort of defies its profile really because you'd expect to high hydrogen to have good impact on strength, not a low hydrogen like decadereus. But it does have a good binding of the energy which helps with it being an underlant. Yeah. All right. I wonder if there's anything else we should cover on this topic. I guess at the end of the day, man, like I found out for myself, hi, Dekka did not work well for me. And that was just, I had to, I had to run Dekka to figure that out. And it is a matter of trial and error to determine where do you fit in, you know, and that you discovered for yourself. Dekka was great for you. On the other hand, he found EQ was great for me, so we're both examples of, we're both examples of like the right doing the right thing, which was completely different for each of us. Yeah, I mean, look, what the drugs do is completely predictable. All right. This is what the drugs do. They do it every time they do it the same way every time it doesn't change because you're unique and special. Well, you may have to change. Yeah. What changes is your sensitivities to the effects of the drug? Nandrolones lowered dopamine transport proteins. Right. So they increased production. They are Eastogenic. They do convert to East Georgia. That doesn't change in any person. He still does that thing. But the severity of the impact or the amount of change will vary depending on the environment. I eat the persons, their sensitivities. I wish I were over to his, they produce. Yeah. You know, what are they like for dopamine levels in the first place? So, yeah, what, once you know, learn what the drug does. Then when you go into experiment with a drug, which is basically what we're doing a lot of the time, because you don't know what it's going to do in you, because you've not used it before. So you don't know how you're going to react to its effects. Right. To least you know where you're looking. You know what areas you need to watch. You know what areas you need to be concerned with. And you might just be super sensitive to it. You know, and one of my big advantages around using Kiev, but also in a way, a big disadvantage was that I didn't really cat problems with them. Yeah. You know, I could tolerate them at high doses pretty well. So as a result, didn't stop me using high doses where they've had a felt or had major issues. We saw the thing, it would have probably curved my use. He's quite significantly, because I'd be constantly having to deal with a problem. Didn't have that. Did not problems. Yeah. So take your time guys. You know, we talked about your first five cycles in that last episode. Just take that up. You could you could take this information apply it to that. I'd say try one at a time see which, which works better for you. And day by the way, that episode did not do well. Like people didn't want to hear the first five cycles, I guess. Like it just, it wasn't bad. Like we still had all of our normal listeners and everything, but like it didn't really like jump up or do anything special in the YouTube algorithm. Yeah. You know, if you don't put try it in it, nobody wants to know. Yeah. We can't wait them all. I guess. No. But we did get a lot of nice comments. We got a lot of nice comments. People were happy that you were here. Why? Hello. I wanted to do something different with my true nutrition advertisement for today. And here's the thing, I just got our order in Victorian, we pay for all the protein that we get. They don't send us anything for free. And that's because I've believed in true nutrition for 15 years now. I've been using them ever since I contest prep. They have some of the cleanest, best quality protein. A lot of times I use the team skip, but here's the deal. I'm going back to the pure way isolate. The pure way isolate. It just processes so fast. This is my favorite flavor. Chocolate peanut butter cup. But if you want to try just like one pound at a time, you can do that just sample it. I've never had the cookie butter. So I'm going to try the cookie butter this week. I got a big old bag. A pea protein isolate for the wife. This is what she likes to use. And here's the thing. They're just about wholesale prices at true nutrition plus they don't add the flavor in when they weigh it. So you get like legit one pound of protein. And then from there they add the flavor after that. So every one pound, I think it's like one point too. I'm not sure don't quote me on that. But hey, here's the thing. The true nutrition is a great quality protein. They believe in us. They advertise with us because I literally asked them to. And if you use our code, think you'll get some additional savings plus. Of course, that's like voting for our podcast. So thank you guys. I hope you enjoyed my, my impromptu ad. Goodbye. Where's Matinsha? Drop in logs? Drop in logs. You saw the logo. It was put in the Facebook page. I'm Darth Vader, son of Tyler. Same drop in logs. That was good. All right. Listen, we've got a bunch of listener questions. And you know, we try to make the content you guys want to hear. So comment below with your questions. We have a bunch of new people to who found us through the, The, you know, shit episode or ginoshik, depending on where you're from. Johnny Shake. Yeah. Jeno Shake. So comment with your questions plus comments like so that stuff helps to boost our programming. And if you're new here, we'd love to have you along for everything we do. So hit that subscribe button, hit that bell. And there's a hype button now. I don't know about this hype button Dave, but if you hit the hype button, if you see that hype button, hit that hype button, because it'll definitely help to hype us up. All right. Jake. I definitely need some serious hype to know. You do, man. You look like you're still in your housecoat. You look like you just woke up. But it's halfway through the vibe. You leave my fluffy alone. It looks like a housecoat, Dave. Leave my fluffy alone. All right. Listen, so Jake, who's one of our long time viewers listeners. He comments on every episode. Thank you, Jake. He said, uh, I've got a question for the next show. Uh, I want to do my first comp at the end of next year. And I imagine that I'll probably use trend. If I, as I haven't used it before, would it be worth running for six weeks at the end of this coming bulk to see how it affects me? Mostly mental. I was thinking 50 milligrams Monday, Wednesday and Friday of trend A's. So if that doesn't go well, it will clear out quickly when stopped cheers. Hey, Jake's with us right now. What's up, man? You know what? Yeah. I think because he's going to be your first incident. I'll be your first introduction to the drug. Introducing it four or five weeks out from a show. He could transform you for Zika, could also break you. So it might be worth just having a dab also. You sort of get to understand what trend can do. Yeah. And like realistically, if he doesn't, he also doesn't quote unquote need trend to compete. I think sometimes we get it in our heads that we need certain compounds. I've literally had two guys win pro cards without using trend at that show. Or I've got for that matter. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's a very effective drug. But it is a costly one in a lot of ways for certain people. And none of this is necessary at the end of the day. Yeah. You know, you don't need, you know, there's a whole world of natural competitors who build good physics and complete drug free. So we don't need them. Obviously you get more extremes with the drugs for a point of view of size. So you don't seem to get extremes in condition. That does still seem to be very firmly rooted in the world of natural for some reason. You can get pretty fricking peeled, man, on gear. Oh, you're not saying you can't, but I generally notice that the standard of condition within the natural's is better than it is within the assistant. I think it can be depending on the level on an average. Yeah. I see this. You only have one card to play as a natural. That's getting the best shape you can because you're not going to out muscle anybody. You know, like, you're, nobody is going to be massive, massive. Oh, sconce at all nice, skinny little shit. Oh, oh, I mean, you know that. Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. Oh, yeah. But here's the thing, like, I mean, I understand. Yeah. So if you take a PED, you're going to get that advantage. You don't have to take anything, but if you do, you're going to get an advantage. So there's that. I don't think that you necessarily need trend to get that ultimate ripped peeled look. If you think that you can do the exact same thing without it, it would just take other compounds. Yeah. I do think it helps. I think it's a great tool. I think that you're going to get a lot out of it. It might even be easier to do with it. Yeah. But you don't have to. No, no, no, no. All right. What about this one? Good. He's got in David and he experienced her knowledge around Nejala, G-H, which is the long lasting growth hormones supposedly dosed once a week. And if it's benefits to run that in what to expect, for example, save effects as Gina trope and et cetera. Main reason my question is, lack of access to Gina trope and serostim, but can get access to firm under Jalan 24 milligrams, pens, love the channel. I've won client that's using it. So I'm not that or fail on this. We did look at this some simple episodes ago. I've won client that. No. I believe even the pharmaceutical research was concerned with insulin desensitization due to the long acting GH. I think that was the major concern that I've been brought forward through research was what was going to happen when insulin is in stiff-to-levels. Just because you've got this sustained elevator release at GH going on rather than the peaks and troughs that you would see through any other administration. Beyond that, I don't know anyone that's used it in the real world you do, so I'm going to sit this one out and leave it up to you. Not a lot to report yet, man. It's been a little while, but you know, and I asked him this morning because I saw this question and you know, I said, well, what do you think of this overall? What are you noticing out of it and he was like not much? So, and I think he's using four milligrams per week. Is that just because the peak dose isn't getting there? Is it because he's just not creating a peak level with the study release? I'm not sure, man. I mean he's using, so he could take it higher, but you know, we're off cycle right now too. He's been using, I believe it's four milligrams per week, which is not a a a a sloppy dose of GH overall, you know, and he already had been using, I think, three units of regular, you know, one 91 GH. Because obviously with a regular GH, you're going to get this high peak peak and then drop off, you know, this is what you get. Yeah. So with the slow acting, you don't get that lofty peaks, I'm wondering if that's the difference in the driver. Because we see this in gear, a high peak, does stimulate more animalism, but it also stimulates more side effects, which is why we don't not to bother with it. So I'm just wondering if it's a serious situation with the GH. Yeah. Well, probably take the dose higher, but so far we haven't seen any issues with what is it called, whatever. That's what he's doing. That's what I said. So he's doing it and he stopped and so he's still doing the fast acting as well. Yeah, yeah, we added it on top of it. We haven't seen any kind of major changes in water retention or anything like that. He's actually doing his best every, he held a lot of body fat and it was one of those guys that long term, like no matter what, we just got to keep focusing on fat loss. You'll grow in the process, but you know, and he, we got him down to a keto diet and now we finally have built him up to tolerating carbs really well. Had we had this many carbs in the plant initially, he would have just gotten fat. So he's doing well and we're getting ready to go into his first like real offseason where we can actually increase calories. Ever we've been running it for a little while, but I'm not as a coach. I'm not seeing anything different. When we add GH and usually or if we doubled the GH dose normally, I would say like, oh yeah, I see something. You know, or I have a guy that gained 10 pounds in the last few weeks, you know, switching GH's. He was on a GH at the F4 IU, switched to another GH and all of a sudden he's like, hey, my hands are feeling numb. And I'm thinking to myself, I wonder what his old GH was. Was it even good? But now he's up to you know, so I think I'm not seeing anything weird like that. You know, there's no symptom side effects, no reflection on the scale. So I don't know, man. Hmm. What about this one? Thoughts on test EQ in premo for a bulk will it crash my E2 too much, generally high estrogen, but with no sides. Thinking of starting a 20 week push phase with 300 test 150 EQ 150 premo and slowly increasing as I go. I think that too together is probably going to have the estrogen on the low side, yeah. Definitely at that dose. I think you need a little bit careful there. Plus if you don't have issues with high E2, I eat doesn't cause any problems then why would you be worried about lowering it? Yeah. I mean, you know, if you're not getting war retention and you're not having problems with body fat, I mean, high estrogen support, if a good lipid profile. So it's actually not a bad thing. You're going to benefit your growth to have a good amount of estrogen in your body versus crushing it. Yes. So I say, I be careful not to treat numbers. See this a lot. See a lot of people get blood work done. See results and treat numbers without considering, well actually, am I experiencing anything negative from that, you know, is that causing me any issues? And management is definitely one of those areas that people often treat numbers instead of looking at the whole picture of how they feel, how to perform and what else is going on. You know, if you need to, it's a bit high, but you feel great. Everything's working down stage. You're making good progress. What change? Just leave it. Yeah. Now, the only time I would is if we were dieting and his estrogen was real high. Let's say that like on the scale of whatever up to 40, he's at 110, but he didn't have any symptoms at all. He's like, I feel fine. I, and we're dieting, then I would definitely bring it down, you know, a little bit. Just take the edge off, but I'd still be okay with keeping it out of range. What if he's dieting? I'm far loss is absolutely textbook. Would you still bring it down? Would you leave it then until you saw it in the show with it? You know, I might break still bring it down a little. Yeah, I might still bring it down a little bit. Not, I wouldn't, but I wouldn't crush it. You know, let's say he was at, let's say he's using 500 tests and his estrogen is at 110 and 40 is the top end of range. We'll say it's 110 and it 40 is the top end of range. I might end up saying, but no symptoms. I might say, hey, let's just start 0.25 milligrams of a Rimmid X twice a week and see what happens. Maybe we're going to see a little bit of water retention drop. Maybe the next week he checks in and it's a faster drop than I'll know. Oh, yeah. So he was holding a little bit more water than he had been. And I know that that's not enough to crush him. He's probably still like 70, you know, something like that. Yeah, no, just wondering. All right, most of you have here Dave. We're doing good, man. We're getting through a lot of these. Can you please explain DHA to seven Keto DHA, like 25 milligrams of DHA versus 100 milligrams of seven keto. Do you have any experience with those with with seven keto DHA? No, it's not that good from what I recall. Do you remember when it got real popular for a minute, probably like 10 years ago, like all of a sudden people are like, oh, seven keto DHA. I believe it's like a synthetic derivative of DHA. It does not. It's so DHA is a precursor to estroin and testosterone and seven keto does not turn into, it's not a precursor. So you're not going to get the same benefits out of it. That would be my thought. Yeah, no, DHA is very useful for females for bringing up adrenal testosterone production. If they've got low of arid. Yeah. Yeah, I think seven keto was like marketed as a fat loss agent. I don't think that I've never seen it being super beneficial. I've worked with people who ran in and I couldn't tell a difference. You're the training question for you, Dave. Last blood work came back with ALT and AST at 80. So our range is more like down to 30. Yeah. And I have heard of other trainers say that ALT, AST is reflection of training volume and creatinine is related to training intensity. Oh, and his creatinine was up too. So what are your thoughts? Yeah, I never heard that intensity aspect. No, it's not intensity based. ALT is present in muscle tissue. So it's released when you exercise. Volume or you can train high volume, you can train intensely. Whatever there's a significant difference between the ALT released by even former high-affinote, what can I do? And I don't think he's ever been studied. There are a few studies on the elevation of ALT from exercise definitely. And general liver markers in general being a doltrate at true exercise. But I don't think there's anything specific around intensity versus volume. But yeah, one of two reasons ALT goes up because it's released from muscle tissue. Yeah, because your AST, yes. AST tends to go up if you far or look in the wrong direction. It's a bit of a shit leather marker to be honest. It's a fucking old goat for anything. But ALT will also go up because your liver is processing the waste that you've produced from exercise. Now I would see a mechanism of action here that if it was intense, they would potentially be more waste over volume is training. So I could see that being a potential to increase ALT slightly more. Creating will elevate through high protein, dehydration and exercise. The more muscle you have, the more creatinine you'll have, which is why traditionally when you look at an Afro-Caribbean blood, than you do the creatinine, EGFR calculation, you actually times the EGFR result by 1.2. Because Afro-Caribbean is in to have naturally more creatinine in their bodies, and therefore it's naturally elevated in the first instance. Anyway, again, yes, the more intense the exercise, I would argue that you are likely to see a potentially greater creatinine reading. But I wouldn't have said there's a specific difference between volume and creatinine. It doesn't creatinine will still elevate with volume training as well. It's not like it doesn't change with volume and only trains with intensity. That's absolutely ball-ups, you know, it will change with either. But whatever training causes the most stress on the muscle, therefore it's going to cause the greatest amount of creatinine release. And with you on that, and I would say this, we did an actual episode, what your doctor doesn't know about your labs as a bodybuilder. Something like that was Scott Stevenson, I should find that in Lincoln in the show, because he explained all the basic things that bodybuilders are going to see that are off in their labs. Since ALT and AST, things like this are going to, and your kidney values are going to be off a lot of times. We're looking for a trend, so maybe off a little, but it's consistently off. It's not continuing to rise, like if his liver values are at 80, and then next time they're at 100, and next time they're at 110. Then it's like, well, let's look at that. But, you know, if they're 80 now and then they're 40 next time, and then 80, the next time and 40, the next time, I think he's all right. You've also got to be consistent with, or very aware of when did you train the first? I've heard 72 hours is the bass. Yeah. Oh, more. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you train, say you went to the gym seven a.m. and then take a little test at 9 a.m. You would probably come back as having kidney failure. Okay. You'd probably be in the 40s in EGFR or low 50s, but quite easily if you train with any level intensity or a very level of muscle, you'll probably be in the 40s. So it can be significantly adulterated of results. Generally speaking, if you're a trained individual, having trained within 40 hours of the test, and the general cough regifier is 60 anyway, and I would still work on that. So if it's below 60, I'd be saying, right, retest, either ghostly, starting to see. Yeah, so a few. That'll give you a different reading, right? So a more accurate reading, to set and see. Yeah. Do you guys see that one? Yeah, we do. Yeah. I do the ghostly, starting to see, or I do a four day rest and retest, getting these. Um, crowning is a bit of a crap mark of a kidney function, but it's cheap. It's readily available, and in an untrained populace, it obviously is quite reasonable for detecting early signs of kidney problems. But in a trained market, it does sort of become a bit useless. So you just get used to it, common sense. Yeah. Just a great comment here from DGP Holy Hangar Nade. He says, uh, because we're talking about how the villainization of AI, he said, I think a lot of the demonization comes from, he gives me a few studies that looked at post-medipausal women with breast cancer, where their estrogen was crashed long-term. This is a standard care. This is a standard of care for stopping estrogen feeding cancers that said a hundred percent of the side seemed to be effects of low estrogen, which had been really hard for some people to grasp. The AI and pharmacology, the AI, doesn't cause the sides such as brain damage, cholesterol, issues, cardiac issues, etc. They just crashed E2 and maintained that crash long-term in those studies that found the issues. Control E2 within normal physiological levels doesn't seem to cause any of those issues, or the issues of minimized, because you're keeping your E2 around the normal physiological level just out of range to the higher your test goes. Thus far, nobody I've engaged with online has pointed to a single issue or study that shows a symptom that isn't just a symptom of low E2. Pre-mode-masti-Q to control E2 seems to almost counterproductive since you have all of the sides of the compound. Plus the possibility of unreliably controlled E2 crash E2 in getting the sides a low estrogen. So basically, the problem is the mechanism, the problem is the result. Yes, thank you. It was a very well stated statement. It was, and I appreciate the contribution. Yeah. Right. General steroid question, guys. And I'm sure one that has been asked before. Why have no new AAS been invented for so long? Is it the equipment required as so advanced that it requires too much corporation and farm of funding? I would have figured the science was well established and the decent UGL would be able to. I don't know. Another carbon atom to a nanderlone molecule or some shit. Right. So let's just your typical UGL is A individual or a small group of usually a couple two three individuals. With a PO box. In a building or a shed or a carriage or a shipping container. With a very minimal amount of equipment. And it is a very minimal equipment following awaits and measures recipe. Yeah. That's your lab. That's the technicality of it. They may get certificate technical because they use more sophisticated equipment from a point of view of automation. But the actual science element of it, raw powder, X amount of that, X amount of benzol. It's a matter of that. Carry a royal. Sticky it again. I felt it. She'll be in a vial of fog. And obviously development of drugs and changing atoms on that is quite sophisticated. The reason science doesn't do anything with it is because why? I think it's a developed, drugs are developed to mat money. Primarily. And secondly, to treat illnesses. But primary to mat money. I feel like it's supposed to be out. I feel like it's supposed to be out. I feel like it's supposed to be out. Why don't we get him to buy the machines and make something new? You could do it. Is making good cash. Yeah. But you know, farmer. The farmer industry. And it is an industry. It is a business and you gotta remember that. They will look at developing drugs for illnesses. And if there's enough people with the illness because it's financially viable for drug development cost billions. Yeah. A lot of bigger fish that they want to fry and make money off of. And it takes you and you and new version of Prima Ballon. Exactly. It takes years. If not, you've got to develop the compound. Then you've got to go through clinical studies. You've got to go through animals studies. Then you've got to go through human studies. And you've got to go for large population trials before it even hits the market. So the farmer industry when it comes to drugs that we'd be interested in, particularly for muscle building. Probably the golden drug at the moment is some form of reliable and controllable my starting in a bit. Yeah. They could do that. That's a billion dollar drug. It's a trillion dollar drug to be fair. There are companies working on it. They are trying to develop something. And that that goal is muscle waste these conditions. Most of the waste these diseases. Yeah. Things like AIDS as an old fashioned one really has to suppose these days. These days when they're to run a, they even when you're to run a test recently with muscle wasting from using GLP meds. Right. Okay. Yeah. So that's a massive market for farmer to look at, which is why certain companies are investing in millions of millions of dollars it takes to try and develop a drug. So I think if you see any development in size gaining drugs, you're going to see it on one of two levels. You're either going to see it in my starting suppression or you're going to see it in gene manipulation, which I think is the overall way that you're looking. Yeah. I guess I think they will be the next two jumps with my starting innovation probably being the first. And then gene manipulation coming maybe a decade or so later. I'm not quite sure whether I will be there, but I believe they are not further on than we probably realize. But you know, antibiotics that there's every compound currently needed for human health problems because that's what drives the problem. Well, they tried, I mean, sorry. They tried. They tried. They, I mean, sorry. We're not that long ago. That was fairly recent time. None of that proved to be successful the way. They went into be able to create something that was like an antibiotics to ride, but didn't have side effects. Yeah. It was all the best. And they found out that that wasn't the case. Yeah. Every some failed. I thought the irony of people jumping on sums and research drugs is the sums that available in the market to place are old failed sites. I didn't say experiments. And here's a thought too. I'd be happy with them just getting back to making all the stuff they already have. Like let's, let's get back to making the normal stuff before we, you know, if we can figure that out first. Can we have a good farmer decouplease and a good farmer parable with a good. Just make good ones that those first and I'd be happy. All right. How about this one? Oh, he says that it's a time sensitive question. Fighting father time is his name. Question for an upcoming show. Hopefully soon I'm three point five weeks out from my local show. And I've been running one milligram of redda. Transition from 7.5 weekly. Yeah, I know that's a lot. But really no sides. I can't believe he had no sides at 7.5 milligrams of redda. That's a lot. I am planning on cutting it two weeks out. And I've come in early 5.5% body fat on Dexa at five weeks out and probably deserve some amount of suffering to improve gastric emptying. What are your thoughts to early not early enough or just right? Note that Google tells me the median time to maximum concentration of redda is between 12 and 49 hours after a subcutaneous dose. Redda is designed as a once weekly injection enabled by its long half life of approximately six days. That in itself is a big topic right now. People are talking about, you know, you're not going to get the complete benefits of redda if you're doing small daily injections of it. You're not getting that big bowless effect. And yeah, so that's a whole other topic. But yeah, so cutting this out, I mean realistically, he's only on two now. I wonder if he's doing my thoughts. Yeah, does he have gastric issues? Is it? Yeah. Is it still because he said he had no sides at 7.5? I see. Well, that's the point. Last sides at a fraction of that on two. I don't see any particular reason to get rid of it unless he's causing some form of stomach distension through through transits. It means slow and things be literally backed up. I don't see why you would need to get it out. You know, if you're comfortable where you are, you're holding a flot stomach. Then yeah, just, I mean, you could tape it down a bit more if you wanted to, but I don't see any reason for drastically getting rid of it. On a side note, redda. See more and more people report in anxiety. Really? If you see anything like that, yeah, quite a few, actually. Not crippling, but definitely present. That one, not one. And I've been using it for, I call it long term now. What sort of doses? Two milligrams. No, these are generally at the higher. And so five, seven point five. But I even, a couple people that just don't know, milligrams and said, no, I felt the anxiety. Never, no, I haven't heard anything like that from either clients that I work with or listeners of the show. I guess, let's ask our listeners, too. Do they, they heard anything about this? I'm seeing. I don't know if it's a little bit of a, you know, sensitive. In fact, one person that was reported isn't sensitive in the slightest. In that essence, you know, I mean, it's generally very mentally robust. So I was quite surprised when he said, I'm going a little bit of anxiety, which he said, I just wonder what else is going on in his life. To me, that would kind of be like, hey, I'm getting anxiety from using insulin or metformin. No, that's what I'm saying. He in particular, I know is particularly stable. Very much in control. That's why he, and then I've had a few other people say the same. I've had a few people question, does this course some mild anxiety, because I feel like my anxiety is increased slightly. And like I say, yeah, you've got to watch the person, the environment, everything else that comes with it. And it's very easy to go. It's a drug when it's not. It's just circumstances, but it's been enough people for me to start to go. Hmm. I got a minute. Okay. Yeah. Let us know, guys. I'd be curious to hear what you have to say. In, hey, on that note of the, this big topic that everybody seems to need to weigh in on now is, you know, should you split your dose up versus take it once per week and all that. Here's been my experience. I initially started with twice a week. I think no, excuse me, every other day shots. And then I went down to two times a week. And then talking to Victoria about it, because she brought that idea up. And this was back in April, May, about how, because you're not getting the high peak that you, you know, you may not be getting the full effect from it. And then since then, there's been people talking about that it's just the drug isn't going to work properly. Or you're, eventually it's going to not work as well if you continue to using it more frequently. So I went to once a week. And the only difference I noticed was that it seemed to wear off faster. That by or not faster, it seemed to wear off by the end of the week. I had a strong appetite-blending effect first few days. And then the last few days, my hunger would greatly increase. Dave. No, so about, by day five, for what, I've, similar people say by about day five, it's, it's, it's, bolxt. And unfortunately most people take it on a Monday, so when they really need it, which is the weekend, okay, no game, what's your fan anymore? So I've, I've experimented with every other day, two times a week and once a week. I would say that two times a week for me is fine, and that way I don't have to remember to take it more frequently, but I don't see a problem. I would say, figured out for yourself guys, like see what works for you. I think sometimes, man, with stuff on social media, there's something, there's something, like we just come up with these ideas that we're trying to throw out there, like, everything you've been doing is wrong. I'm quite literally, it is some idea, starting front of a camera, and I'm, when I'm liking front of them, like this, and go, like us, can I say? It's like us. Yeah, what can I say, the mix me stand out with no real background of what they're talking about, just, well, everyone says, yeah, I'll say this because it's different, and it'll get me noticed, and it's like, there's nothing behind it, you just, yeah. Yeah, well the guy who said this stuff initially is Trevor Guy, he, he's CrossFit guy, right? And I've actually followed him for a long time. What? You follow a CrossFit? Yeah, yeah, so he's really great with mobility exercises. You know, it's all, can you just moving your legs? I'm not just moving your foot, can I? You dirty animal. Oh, Dave, oh, yeah. Here me out, here me out. No, I'm telling you, there you go, there you go. Here me out, Dave. So he's really good with mobility stuff, right? You got a shoulder issue, he has a huge library of great videos that I have suggested to clients for years now. And then I don't know if like maybe he just did all the stuff he could do with those movements. But then he started seeing himself, he started doing it like he changed his videos, because I subscribed to him. He changed his videos. And then they were like these like, like, how can I put it, Dave? They're like, I'm going to give you like a mentorship type thing. Like we're going to talk about like how to live your life and shit like that. And I don't think that those videos did really well. So then he started becoming a peptide expert. And now all of a sudden he's making these bold claims about peptides. And he's presenting, it basically it's a rebranding. It's a YouTube rebranding is what it is. Yeah, I like the guy a lot. Great mobility stuff. And I've a lot of my clients have been helped from a buy him and his ideas over the years. And helped me really understand like when I tore my super spinatus. It has stuff helped a lot that said, I don't think he's an expert, Trevor, if you're watching, come out bro, you're not an expert on it. That's a great opportunity for me to talk about that next breaded treatise. Yeah, I mean, I had a message yesterday from the guy who's my socials with all this to videos she wants. And this stuff from there that's deliberately kind of a virtual because she knows it will get traction. And it's like, yeah. I'm not ready to say all of me. So yeah, I mean, yeah. I'm not just creating friction for the sake of it. But it kills, it gets traction, it gets money in the bank. And that's why people do it. All right. Anyway, he's got in-dave. Any experience or not? Oh, that was the New German question. I guess I screen-capped that twice. Scott, you need ink. Get sleeves. You are very pastry whites. It a pale non-decrative format. Should I get decorated up? Get sleeves done? Yeah, I'll do some designs for you. Okay. Hey, you're a good artist. You're a good artist. You do a good at drawing. Yeah. You're going to take a time. Really craft something nice for me. Right. So the deal is, you can't look at it until it's finished being tattooed. I don't know if I trust you on that one. I wouldn't. No, I couldn't do it. If somebody was filming, I'm not that cruel. I could build in something small and something small. Yeah, the only you know about, then you pointed out to me and be like, if there's a dick right here. Yeah, yeah. I was thinking of paradox, but yeah, you're pretty much a guy. Regardless, you age, I take four I use a night. His late 40s is generic. Compared to farmer grade, what is the equivalent of this? Two point five years. Should I up the dose? Oh, he's on the ditch. He's difficult. It depends. I mean, there's some pretty decent generic GH's out there, but I wouldn't have said, Well, would you say, gee, genuine is probably half the dose? Genuine? On average? Yeah. No, man. I don't know. I've seen some incredibly well-dosed underground GH. Like, I'd say that some of it. In fact, now I'm going to go back here to the, oh, God, might have been 2011. Bill Lewell and did the underground anabolic sky? Do you remember that? Well, this, this 13 of, well, he has the anabolic reference guide. But then he did one of just underground labs, and he tested all the brands. Yeah. Oh, what? No. And in the GH section, he tested hygytropin, which is like a generic, I know they tell you, like, oh, it's used in Chinese pharmacies or Chinese. The original highage was quite good, actually, the original one, the gleam. So that was pretty good. It tested out as being more pure than some of the farmers that he tested. And I've seen Keith from parabolic had shown me some labs that were done on Farmer, that was not quite as great as you might think. Like, it wasn't bad. But compared to with everything we're doing with testing now on some of these batches of underground GH, like, there's some pretty clean stuff out there, man. Hi, Dose. Are you used to like hunting them? Uncertain was really until they stopped selling it? I didn't know they weren't around now. I thought they were. No, they're still around. They just stopped selling to the public, which was around the clock. I used to just email them and say, I want some in order and then send it here. They fucking really had that. Is HGH an insulin really needed to compete for a 60 plus year old classic physique amateur athlete? I'm looking to compete in Master's Nationals July 26. Frank Zane never used it. No. I think all it's never used it in that era. No, not so. Frank wasn't really now on for his large bulbous muscles. Was it there? There is that. I mean, he was incredibly tall. He had a credible physique, but it was much lighter than his compadries. No, you don't. There's plenty of people build decent muscle mass. And presented good physique without insulin and GH. It is not a requirement. People think it is. And these days, it's almost become like the standard nowadays. I'm going to start going to the gym. So what did my cycle? My GH, my insulin, my metaphyl, my metaphyl, my metaphyl, my metaphyl. And I've got me under the mic of the TV for it's like, fuck, get it gym first. Yeah. Also, this is first. Diding goes like insulin in GH. I wouldn't consider to be heavy movers for getting into contests. It has shaped fact. They're much like in addition compounds. I do think there could be some great benefits to them, though. You know, I think they can be great, but do you absolutely need it? No. There's plenty of people that don't use either. And there's plenty of people that will be at that show that aren't using either. I mean, I could see GH in it as a tennis just so that I could see GH in an old competitive being. Beneficial in other areas as well, not just in condition, but in general well being and feeling okay. Yeah. Um. Too bad away. Do you know anyone that's dying in the insulin these days? It was a little bit of a fabric for short period, wasn't it? Yeah. I still have a lot of my guys who are using insulin. Through a cot. Yeah. Yeah, for the cot. So it's a lower BG and force better for. Well, we're still we're using it for driving carbs into the muscle around training. No, yeah, but it was there was also the. If you use insulin, it'll love look glucose levels, forcing more fat metabolism. Yes, so there is that. Scott Stevenson went into that at one point. I believe that stress hormones may go up in that process too. Right. But if it was anyone that because I haven't had anything on that for a while, so it was just. Andrew Barry has talked about it more recently. He's still up for that. I here would be the one place you're talking about like fasted cardio with insulin. Yeah. I know that I remember Jordan Peters talking about it on muscle minds years back. The place I could see it being beneficial is if you had a massive cheat meal the night before. And you're waking up to do your fasted cardio, but your blood sugar is still super high. You could knock it down faster with that. That's where I'd use it. But for the most part, if you already have low blood sugar, it would be like an as needed situation. You know, if you already had low blood sugar, then there's there's no need. Nice comment here. I'm always bored when doing cardio except for when a new podcast for you guys. A debol episode would be cool. Appreciate it guys. Should we do another debol episode, Dave? Oh, one condition. What's that condition? You dress up as a debol. How do you do that? Like what does that look like? You have big, big tablet costume on. Just a face sticking out the tablet. Could that be, do you remember the blue heart? Yeah, I could just get like a big blue heart costume. Hmm. That'd be cool. Watch the podcast every night after work. I finally have a question. Since March, I've been on various mini cycles. Started with 225 test E and 300 massed probe for eight weeks. Dropped the probe and just did 350 test. For another eight weeks, then dropped to 250 test for eight weeks. Now I'm on 200 test and 140 massed E with three milligrams of redda for the past five weeks. I am a TRT user since the age of 32 and 36. Now what would be the best course of action for me going forward? I want to get as lean as I can, but not lose size. Go back on to your team. You've been on 29 weeks? Yeah, that's a start, I think. You know, take a break. Yeah, it's a big swivel. Yeah, retool. I lost my glasses yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, these are me reserve ones. Do they work as good? No. No. I got these glasses. I dropped them in the woods, I used to. Oh, and they'll all look off the boat. Hmm. Wait, you were telling me how you had to work and work yesterday and do all this driving. I had to go, I did because I had to work in the morning and drive down to the boat to clear it out and then drive back and then work. Oh, okay. No, see. Yeah, you see, you were going to try and be slid. You were out on the boat, Lyle Giggins. No, it's fucking worse. Sun tan in, hanging out, laughing. No, it goes, it's gone off the sail. Wait, what? It's gone off the sail. You're selling your boat? Yes. What? Long story. Okay, yeah. We have to tell you that at some point. I'm with you though, the guy should probably take a break, man. Hmm. You know, re-tool. You could still do everything he needs to. Yeah, maybe re-tool, hold weight. You could still tighten up a little bit. Don't die it hard during an eight week break. Plan your next cycle from there. And keep in mind, he's afraid of losing muscle mass. If you have your testosterone supported and your diet is good, you're, you're, you've set your diet up so that protein is high. You're losing one pound per week, two pounds per week. It's going to be a real long time before you have to worry about losing muscle. Not good. It's gotten gave day as the best day. That's another comment from Bob. All right, couple more. It's David's, it's David's got there. Oh, we're about out of it. We're about out of time here. I didn't realize that scar tissue guy head, rotator cuff surgery ran a bunch of gear. Dr. pulled out a brick a scar tissue a couple years later. Can you talk about scar tissue and antibiotics? This dude Eric Marchowitz. He was a developer of some of the seven keto pro hormones that were popular. He was the guy who made them. He lives near me. We had talked about this years back. He was like, man, a lot of these girls, they end up getting acne on cycle. And they're all running anover. And then their face gets all scarred up because the anover sending increased collagen as it repairs. And I was like, huh, that's an interesting theory. I remember I've saying that. The scar tissue, I mean, the main thing is right down. So, D tissue would, you know, it'll break it down. Yeah. I don't really know much else you can do. You can get castrication from frequent site use as well. So that's another thing that needs dispersal and breaking down. You'd have to be careful post surgery. You can get increased thickness of your scars with growth hormone. You can. The other thing would be stretch in as well. But that should be part of your rehab program. I think when people skimped a little bit on the stretching side of rehab, I generally find they end up with slightly more scar tissue than those that go through the program. I'm going to make sure the stretch is out. Make sure that the work in the area. All right. We've got one more here. This is from Patreon. He says, uh, question for drugs and stuff. And I understand if this isn't something you and Dave went to cover for the purposes of testing. What is the average clearance time needed for common steroids to not receive a positive test? Depends on the steroid depends on the half life depends on the environment. It's something I don't like getting involved in, not because of the moral side of it. I do sort of think that gone. There's plenty of stuff you can do that you can use gear for. Why can be in an area where you go? Well, you should just quite widespread as well. And there's, there's, anyway. Also untested events that are not necessarily natural, where it's more of an IQ test than anything else. Now, having said all that, the reason I'm reluctant is, is more from the case of, I wouldn't want to give the wrong advice as subfuck a fail. The red gate is at that. Yeah. My own astounding is, fast actors six weeks, this. Um, slowest is three months plus dependent on the compound decaris. The tour is lead long lasting. So it's trends like 18. Yeah. Oh, trend trend as long? Yeah. Trend as long as it seems to be, now I'm fucking indestructible. Um, but yes, and obviously your environment as in things like body fast, or flight that, did you know, there you go, is, is this, this was something I learned when he used to the military work. So what are you used to, yeah? Lads used to go on one leave and smoking cannabis in the military is a big no no no no no UK military right, you get caught someone cannabis you got. You get really, they, oh, if I hear you. Yeah, and it's actually for his well. Wow. So Lads would go on for leave, right? And they, if they had a better brain cells about them, they'd go on for leave. Um, they'd obviously eat loads of shit and put way on. The smoke a bit can't have been said to begin to believe. So it had cleared their system by the time they got back. And got a pissed essence they walked through the door. Yeah. And that was pretty much the standard thing. Let's go in back at leave, right down the CDT, you get pissed tested. So, the, like they caught and on was the cannabis will actually sit in fat cells. Right? So what was, what they realized was that if we test these focus two weeks later when they're back doing PT and eating a diet and they're losing body fat that they've gained on their leave, they may put one, huh? It may release the cannabis packets and the system. So guys will get caught two weeks later having positive, don't negative two weeks before because of the release the cannabis packets and the system. Yeah. I don't mean as in getting stoned, I just mean the metabolites. Right. Right. Yeah, that's wild, man. Yeah, I, I've worked with people who've had to worry about testing a few times, but it's not something I, I really get into. And there are things you can do like you were saying to try to clear things faster. But yeah. I don't know enough about it to be honest to advise on it. I think that's right. Right in the message chat messages, whatever, do not come on this show, cast in dispersions and tell in stories and lies like that. I did not smile. Yeah, there he is. Roy, he says, uh, saw Dave at PCA British where I was competing and he actually cracked the smile. I thought it was a lie. I didn't. Dave, you feel better now that we did the show at least like you had a rough day, but at least you got to hang out with your body for an hour, you know, and like have a real good time. You feel better now? Yeah, amazing. Way, what do you do? You got to get change out of your house coat tomorrow? Maybe. You know, put on regular people clothes and stuff? No. I'm going to show a day's young man's and troll up naked through my garden singing. I got a question for you. So I texted this to you. I was watching a slow horse, which is a great freaking show, by the way. I want to watch this about horses that don't run very quickly and slightly mentally challenged. It's about MI5 and these rejects from MI5 who are really the people who end up saving the day. Anyway, the guy who was like the whole first desk at MI5. This crazy stuff goes down. All of their systems get shut down. All the power goes out. MI5 is like blacked out, right? And he says, well, fuck my getty aunt. And I texted Dave and I said, Dave, is that a saying in the UK? And you said, it is. What the hell, where's that come from? I haven't got a clue. We have lots of weird scenes, particularly local ones that don't make a lot of sense, but sound alright. What's another, what's another local one that you have that's weird? Oh, yeah, he'd be braided work. Oh, they called that an Easter egg. I can't, honestly remember me, I'll have to, um, I'll do something to try and think of something that brings you some complete people like. You guys catch the Easter egg at the end. We're wailing said, oh my fuck, my getty aunt. Why is that an Easter egg? I don't understand this Easter egg thing. I don't know what it's, it's a reference to something else. But I don't get it. I'm probably being extremely thick, but I don't get it. I'm sure one of our knowledgeable listeners better to explain to those parents. The term Easter egg, what is it? Easter egg, what is it? It's a chocolate item, you eat an Easter. Yes, it is. It's also something that you have to find, right? So you're not going to catch it. It's like a little hidden, it's a little hidden gem. Dave, you're supposed to find it. Super market. I don't know. Easter eggs, see em. The Easter bunny brings them to you and you have to, Easter bunny is dead. I run him over. Dave, this is guys, this is what I deal with every week. Dave, what are you going to do with your car parts? Put them on my car. Are you going to do that now? Like, are you going to get to it now? Are you going to, I'm worried about you. That's all. Don't you want to jump in for yourself. I'm going to go sleep. All right. Do you have any advice for us? Yeah, sleep. It's highly rated and get as much as you can. Well, with that said, we appreciate you guys. Thanks for tuning in. Go to evelleblotanelluses.com and get your labs done by Dave. Go to supplement source.ca for our Canadians and true nutrition.com. Use our code to think over there and get 10% off of all your orders. A strong sports nutrition. Of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. Check out the shirts. We've got tank tops now at the merch store. For another episode of the podcast with Dave Crossland, we'll see you soon. Thanks, Dave. All right, guys. So, a bunch of you had asked for tank tops. So, the day has finally come that we've got them. If you're interested in one of our tanks, check them out at the merch store. I'll have links below. If you might end up meeting somebody else, listen to the shows too. I've had that happen more than once. Somebody's like, hey, you listen to that podcast. I like those guys too. And before you know it, there's a budding bromance just waiting to happen. So, if you want to look for a conject. It's a fourth of podcast. You guys can do that all at the same time. Just check out the shirts.