I stopped at the gift shop on the way out. I grabbed a bunch of like Danishes and brownies. That's like hospital brownies. Oh, it's so great. So anyway, so I get in the back of a cab. Still we're in no shirt and I have no shoes. This is no shoes. No shoes. No shoes, no shirt, just hospital pants. It my big goods. Hell no guy, take me to this hotel whenever I go to the hotel. I eat all the brownies. I get there. I get out of the car and I'm walking through the lobby to get to the elevator to go back to the hotel. No shirt. No shirt on, no shoes. All the competitors are there because it's Friday. Look at this. I got one here for you. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to look at mine. I actually had two people last this. What's the dumbest thing you ever did regarding contest prep and diet? Oh, he's like such a list. There is a list. I told an insulin story last week on our podcast. But oh, man, sometimes I don't know how much I should say and how much I shouldn't. Pre-the question again. Sorry, my life. What's the dumb? What's the dumbest thing you ever did regarding contest prep, dieting, et cetera? Well, insulin was probably my biggest downfall. I am at 2005. I'll tell the story, even though it's horrible, I shouldn't tell the story, but I'm going to tell the story anyway. Just so people could not do what I did. 2005, getting ready for the Canadian Nationals. I was at the show where I flew out to Saskatchewan. I think it was Saskatchewan? No, that was 06. That was Montreal. That was Montreal. That was 105. 2005 was a Montreal. And I was supposed to, I'm not going to name the coach. Or anything, but I was supposed to take, we're insulin loading for my car load. So I was supposed to take X amount of insulin and X amount of GH and we're going to do that leading up the show, which is not. I hate insulin. I really, really hate insulin. I don't use it. I've used it a couple times in my career and it's always combat experience. So I'm like, OK, that's fine. If you think we should car load for the show this way, I'm in. I had done it once before and it worked out well. So I was like, all right. So I loaded, I forget exactly what happened, but I had loaded 80 units of insulin in an insulin syringe, right? But I had also loaded 8 units of GH in an insulin syringe. So both are both are 8, right? It was an as name. And I put 1 in 1 pack in 1 in the other side of the same pack. Oh, God. Now, when it came time to do my, uh, I was supposed to do the 8 units of GH before bed on the Thursday night. I ended doing the 80 units of insulin and then went to sleep. You still alive. There's no one's wondering. That's good. Yeah. So I woke up. I went to bed at like midnight. I think. I woke up at like 4 a.m. I felt dizzy. I felt like, I feel weird. I'm like, you really take a piss. So I got up to take a piss, kind of stumbled to the bathroom. I thought I must have just been sleeping really hard. So I didn't think anything of it. Stumble to the bathroom took a piss. But back to bed, I woke up to the best looking paramedics I've ever seen in my life, because everybody Montreal is good looking. Picking me. Actually remember that detail, but it's so reason. They picked me up and put me on a stretcher and wheeled me out to a f***ing, and then I got like a hazy point. And then I remember being in ambulance. And then I remember waking up in the hospital. So it's all I remember after the 4 a.m. piss is being picked up and put on a stretcher. Being an ambulance, being in hospital. And they're like, they gave the sheet. So at the time, I don't know why maybe our phones were in his good back then. And I had to print out of what I was supposed to. I had to print out of what I was supposed to be doing. And my ex girlfriend at the time gave the print out to the doctor. And the doctor was like, he did this. And she's like, no, that's what he was supposed to do. He did this. And he's like, holy f***ing. And he put me on a dextrose drip. And I woke up and I'm laying in the hospital bed in the emergency, hooked up to dextrose. And they're like, this is what happened, blah, blah, and I'm like. And then I started. So she figured out what happened. Well, actually, actually, she called Paul and Paul was like, put some cookies in his mouth. Kill him with cookie. Does it work? How the f*** is that work? So right, but she figured out that you mixed up the shots is what I mean. No, she just called the ambulance. Okay, okay. So because I would know that you needed it where you just. I was in a, she said I wouldn't wake up. And I was in a pool of my own sweat. Because when you're high, the high poke, like, see me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I had been sweating all night. Literally, like the bed was soaked. So, and she couldn't wake me up. So she called the ambulance. And I was like, got me the hospital. So I wake up in the hospital and they're like, what happened? And I started playing everything. And I'm like, oh my God, I can took 80 units. It's like an insulin. Oh, the, they're like, well, you're an idiot. And you're lucky you're not dead. And this is, can insane. Even this paper that I'm holding in my hand is insane, which it wasn't now that it looked back. It's not that abnormal. Um, but to a doctor obviously is insane. Yeah. And so they're like, you have to stay here. We're going to took you up to, and then at that point, I feel fine. Now I've woken up. I'm on the post like the hypoglycemia's worn off. Yeah. And I'm like, I got a, it's Friday now. The show is tomorrow. Yeah. So I got to go. I say to, I say to my ex. I'm like, I got to get out of here. I got to show tomorrow. And they're, she's like, they're not going to let you leave. You shouldn't leave. And I'm like, oh, I got to take a piss. I didn't have to take a piss. I just wanted to see what I looked like. So I take my little thing and I'm wheeling myself to the bathroom. And I get to the bathroom and I'm insured. Like every, I can hear a seat of the voice. You're going to be shredded. You're going to be healed. No, no, dude. Listen, every ounce of it. Water on my body was gone. Like I was, and this is not to say you guys should do this. Don't do this anyway. What the heck? Well, I should just put it all out. Right. I'm not giving you a good prescription. I'm lucky I didn't die. But because I had sweats so much, I was just, right? So I'm like, in my mind, I'm like, okay, I feel good. I look great. I got to get out of here. I go back to the bed. I go, I asked the doctor. He comes back. I go, is there anything keeping me here? He goes, no, but we don't feel like you should leave until your dexter, like the dexter strip is done. You need to get the sugar in your body. But I'm like, but I feel great. And he goes, I don't think you should leave. I go, you can't make me stay, right? Because no, I go, okay, I'm out of here. He goes, you got to sign the waiver saying you're leaving. I'm like, okay, cool. So I sign the waiver. I can bounce. And all I have on is a pair of hospital pants and no shirt. And I call my coach and I'm like, this is what happened. What should I do? He's like, start eating brownies. I'm like, okay, my gosh. I'm sorry, sorry. I stopped at the gift shop on the way out. I grabbed a bunch of like Danishes and brownies. I'm like hospital brownies. Oh, it's so great. So anyway, so I get in the back of a cab. Still we're in no shirt. And I have no shoes. Just no shoes. No shoes. No shoes. No shoes. No shirt. Just hospital pants. It my baked goods. Finally the juice bag. We're on a one. Walk in the right. I just, I should tell the guy, take me to this hotel. Whatever, go to the hotel. Are you all the brownies? I get there. I get out of the car and I'm walking through the lobby to get to the elevator to go back to the hotel. No shirt on. No shoes. All the competitors are there because it's Friday. You can get in, guys. Yes, yes, yes, Ron, Ron, you know this. Guess who wrote a article about me being an ass. Gary Bartlett. Oh, it's just going to say Gary. Gary Bartlett writes a article in muscle magazine about how big an asshole I am and how arrogant I am. I walked through the hotel and no shirt and that blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, you mother f***er. I was almost dead. I was almost dead like a man. Oh, man. So I get this huge reputation for being this cocky f***. Nobody knows the story. But I'm, oh, man. And the legend was born. So then we carb loaded some more and everything. I woke up the next day, got on stage, one my class. Yeah. I got crushed it. I looked amazing. My body soaked up all that carbs. I was like, I actually spilled over a little bit. That's probably why I get my pro card. But yeah, I won the super heavily class that year. And yeah, that's all. So all for a short, don't use insulin. It's horrible. And sometimes you can't wait to look at it. Sometimes you die. Yeah, that's probably the worst biggest mistake I ever made in my career. Because it was literally like literally I'm surprised I didn't die. Like you can't take 80 units of insulin, just go to sleep. You can't. It's the right amount of time. I mean, holy. I'm seeing about just the math of when I'm taking it. When I feel it. When I first started taking, I still own the stores. And it would hit me in my hand to start going. Yep. And I'm looking into customer like, I hope he goes soon because if not, I'm about to slam a carb force right in front of him. That's right. Yeah. And that's what you know, you know that feeling. Even when you get to that point, you almost start eating like a homeless person. Yeah. You just want to, you're so hungry and you just want the feeling to go away. You just start smashing anything and everything. You overconciting greatly. And that's, I think that's what I did for the show as far as why I wasn't 100% sharp the next day because I went too far. But you know how it is in your carb loading. Somebody says you're going to have a brownie. You end up having five brownies. Yeah. So yeah. That's wasn't a good day, but ended up being okay, I guess.