on the same applies, you know, if you want to eat North, you will find the way and sometimes eat camp, but there's still decent meat to be out of, roadkill if you get the right stuff. So here's the, I think my moral story. Guys, if you're going to complain about tuna fish, just remember, there's another guy eating roadkill right now. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Drugs and Stuff with Dave Crossland. All of our programming is brought to you by True Nutrition.com. You can use our code, think for additional savings. We're brought to you by Strom, Sports, Nutrition. If you're in the UK, that's a great performance supplements, health supplements over there. We're brought to you by Eval. Of course, go to Eval blood analysis. If you're new UK, get your blood worked done by Dave, supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have awesome deals that change week to week. Of course, we're brought to you by you. Our awesome people at Patreon. Thank you guys for all the support you've given us. And yeah, we're going to do our PG episode first, Dave. But following movie, it's rated PG. How do you like that? Do you like apples? Do you like apples? Do I like apples? Yeah. This sounds like it's going to be a loaded question. Will do you like apples? I like him in apple pie. Well, then how do you like the apples? No, this was that was cool. I was very, very poor. Oh, no. I know. I met the age of all I can start doing dad jokes. So we've got a topic today. No, you can't start doing dad jokes. Yes, I sure can. No, you come on. You're jokes. You're just terrible. Don't stop trying to make these use to the dad jokes. You're just incredibly low quality. Thank you for editing yourself. I heard it and asked where coming out. So we do have a topic today on our PG episode. And that is going to be, listen, I was at the grocery store recently and I feel like one dozen eggs cost a lot more than it used to. My local grocery store, I had a place where I was buying eggs for like $70.9. $79. And that was just a few years ago. Now they're like, I think $29.50 per egg. I mean, they're not really, but they're way more expensive. We are in an egg crisis. Not only in that, but we're like in a food crisis. Everything is more expensive. I can't get out of the grocery store without spending a couple hundred bucks. Sometimes we go to the grocery store. We end up with like three bags. And I'm like, how did this cost $110? And honestly, I've asked myself, I love stuff. Yeah. And then I keep, I'm starting to ask myself, I'm like, man, imagine if I were new to body building. And I'm trying to pound the food constantly, how am I going to be able to grow under these conditions? So we thought that would be a great topic to talk about. Because this is definitely going to separate the people who really want it from the people who just, you know, kind of think it might be a fun idea for a few months. Because body building is getting expensive. There's never a cheese but. Steal the chicken. Then you got eggs. You. But eventually a chicken. When you tell you the eggs. Yeah. Well, that's that's what you see. You steal the chicken. And then you can eat the eggs. Or if you want, you can grow more chickens. And then you've got chicken and eggs. Yeah. I don't know if that's the type of information that people were expecting us to provide. Because I don't think that most people out there. I mean, it is a great idea. Don't get me wrong. I like that. Also, you can look at alternative protein sources. Like what? Pigeon? Can we think of some foods? Because what is it? It's going to number one. I think protein is always going to be the hardest. Oh, the most of the things. Yeah. I mean, carbs of chips. You shouldn't have any issues with getting carbs on a budget. I mean, you can put a slice all those other things. They're cheap. They are cheap food to us. Proteins are always going to be the difficult one. And it isn't cheap. So there's two ways you couldn't look at it. It's one thing is how do I reduce the cost of the food I'm buying. I mean, and two is a broad spectrum budget in about looking at where your finances going general and how much you want to prioritize what it would. That's true. And one of the reasons I don't even know if you have cost a coffee in America, you have Starbucks. I think mainly, but we have an alternative rank or cost a coffee in the UK. I went there when I was in the UK. I hit the economy as good. So last week I had to go to Birmingham with a friend of mine as a favorite for him. And we called it cost a coffee. We got a couple of large coffees. And you know what, they were Nion the Tener. There what? Uh, Nion the Tener. Nearly 10 pounds for the two coffees. Can you see that freeze again? Because that was fascinating to me. Nion the Tener. Nion the Tener. Nion the Tener. Nion the Tener. Yeah, so Nion is nearly a Tener. So if I walked up and I already just say that to somebody in England, like just randomly off the street and I was like Nion the Tener. They would know because no because it's not in context is it? It's interesting that. It was nearly 10 pounds about a two coffees. Yeah, that's like yeah, that's expensive man. You see, I got I feel old now I say this is like so near nonsense for a coffee. It doesn't eat. Yeah. So yeah, but that's the point isn't it, you know, that you can look at how you budget in order to have more available funds for what you feel is important. But that's all to where you are in your priorities. I mean protein sources actually, you can get lucky in the sense of if you can afford it that you buy and bulk in the first place. Yeah. Because then you can start buying a wholesale prices. So I used to regularly buy half a cow or half a pig. Yeah. And stuff like that. And I've been able to actually do that when I was in Canada as well. I used to go to the local slowhouse and buy half an item. Ron Partlowe was talking about starting a business like that, the like mail order, meat kind of thing where you buy a half a cow or whatever. That sounds like a great idea. If a you can afford that to buy it all at once and be you have the storage space because you're going to need it quite a freezer. The other than the other element to look at is most supermarkets, grocery stores, what have you going to call them? We'll have a discount section for the fresh meat. Oh yeah. Yeah. If you can come on and it's way out or whatever. Yeah. You just go in. Last thing at night and you'll learn from your local supermarket when they go around, you can literally ask the cast. I've went to you mark down the meat when you put it out for, you know, get rich eat. And then just go in ten minutes before that. Literally stunned at the fridge that they do it in. And then fill your shop and trolley, take your home and freeze it and use our needed. So there are ways around things like that. It's going to take more work and ingenuity is what you're saying. It's what that comes out too. Also prices aren't the same at every store. So you may find I found in the past that I'd go to one store to get this and it's a pain in the butt. But then if you go to this other store, the eggs are a lot cheaper or the beef's a lot cheaper, you know, and it's like, well, most supermarkets will have something on offer as well. So you buy a cord into what special offer, you know, buy minced meat rather than steak or chop, or piece of the meat in that nature because it's cheaper. Yeah. You can buy higher fat minced meat, which is very cheap, and then just slow cook it and take a much of the fat hours you come that way. So you end up with a lean minced. You can wash fat or meat too. Like if you have a ground 8020, after you're done with it, you can put it through, what do they call that? Like it's like a pasta thing where you have the net that it sits in, whatever that is, and then you can literally wash that meat and literally take like a paper towel even and press the fat out of it. Is it a pain in the butt? Yeah. And does are you losing some weight? Yeah, I don't know, but it is cheaper, you know, I don't know how about my bite. But yeah, I used to use a lot of liver because it was cheap. Yeah, I have a client that just asked me about that this week. And it's really, it's interesting. So I never used liver before with a client. He said, hey, can I do this? I have a buddy that's really in deliver and I gotta take this ice off my elbow. I said my elbow. I have tendonitis right now. And there's glycogen. There's there's carbs in liver. I never knew that. So I'm looking at it and we try to figure it out. So it's the stored glycogen in the liver. There's like seven grams of glycogen of carbs per four ounces. So you do have to consider it that. But you know, hey, you can grow with that. There's no question. Yeah, I mean, I've used liver in the early days because I couldn't afford and then I do stuff like, you know, if tuna was on offer, I'd buy tuna fish. Stuff like bazaar, river cobbler, they cheap cuts of fish. And tuna. Yeah, I'm fishing is relatively stable price-wise as well. So you can get things like that. You can go for the less desirable fish that is obviously cheaper. It's still good decent protein content. It's still good enough. It's not the stuff that people want. So there's looking at the alternative cuts. Me, you know, again, again, the meat that are probably fat here and less popular, but they're cheaper and then just slow cook, let the fat come out. Yeah, that's not a bad idea at all. And carbs are going to be easier. But I mean, everything has gone up in price. I've seen, you know, I mean, you can go to Costco and get a big old bag or rice, like a big old 20 pound bag or rice for a decent price. And that's going to last you a while. Unless you're Dave Kraslin, you told me during under construction those days how quickly did you go through one of those great big Costco bags of rice? Well, I did a kilo dry away at rice a day. So I used to buy the 20 kilo socks. Yeah, geez. Yeah, I used to buy the big big socks. That's amazing. I mean, I used to buy socks of potatoes, but the problem with that was you, you really need to be eating them because they don't keep very well. Yeah, I could see that. But the other thing is, like, what we're going to say, yeah, you can't prep them all. Yeah, you can par boil them. I'm freezing. And then they'll keep forever. Yeah, that's true. But if you leave in the sock, we'll start to root and everything. So, uh, it's going to go deal with. Depending on what time of year it is, rom things giving, they had sweet potatoes or yams on sale that were like a crazy price, like 50 cents a pound or something. So I just loaded up on yams and, you know, it's, it, I became flexible. And I decided, well, okay, I'm going to use, apparently I'm using more potatoes this week, you know? Yeah, and I mean, that's, that's really what you have to do. Yeah, you're, you're protein intake in your food source has come very much depicted by what's on offer. You might try and keep a meal in every day that the, the slight say lean ground beef or something. But you just end up, your diet will flex around what is on offer that week or that month or whatever it is. And, and you're just going to keep your eye open for the bargains, you know, and it might be that you go around the store and, and this week, that brand of, of microwave rice packages, very cheap or very brand of tuner is very cheap and then a couple of weeks later it's something up. And you just have to shop around that. So yeah. It's not that you have to completely change your diet in the sense of macros, but you do have to be very flexible with what those macros are coming from. Yeah. I mean, you know, you'll go in some days and it might be prawns, you know, the, the doing thing from prawn, you know, we can't shrimp that that's the same thing, right? Yeah, yeah. So you, you can work around things like that as well. So, but I'm seasoned to help. So Christmas. Yes. You go in just after Christmas. Turkey's are fucking dirty. Yes. So flipping the cheap art turkey's they're very good. They present very good value from on it. It's a really PG episode. Yeah. So you, you know, you just go and buy four five turkeys. Yeah. Put them in the freezer. Cook one up, break it down into your meal boxes, do another one. And you, you can probably get a once worth of protein, literally out of buying the turkeys in the sales post Christmas because every supermarket I was stopped and they need to get rid of it. Yeah. I've seen like a big pork lines that are on a really good price. They'll have those on sale and you can just chop those right up and you could trim the fat right off of them too. And you know what, too, if you, if you, if you do have to, if you do make compromises there, then maybe you can look at, well, what are my fat intakes look like? Are you getting direct fats? Maybe if you're eating a fatty or meet this week, that means you're going to want to eat less of the, the actual planned fat that you plan to use. You know, maybe you have avocado or almonds or whatever else, you might not need quite as many of those because you are getting the fats then from the meat source because it's not quite as clean. But man, especially for somebody that's trying to grow muscle, we have that leeway. You know, it doesn't have to be just, you know, 99% fat free ground turkey every day in order to grow muscle, you know, you can, you have the freedom to be able to, to be able to have that leeway, and you'll still grow. You, you can lean it up literally by throwing it in a slow cooker. There you go. Because you slow cooker meet overnight, even with a higher fat content and you'll come in. And you'll see fat floating on the surface, you just give it off clean it off. And you'll re, you'll reduce the fat content massively just by doing that, which gives you more leeway than cheap because anything else we should add to any other directions besides meat. We talked a little bit about carbs. Fat, obviously, same division. Yeah, I mean, you're protein sources. I think people overlook fish a lot. When people want to get things they like the taste of, and they're like, well, I don't like fish. That's really what I think a lot of it times it comes down to. But I'm sticking a sauce. Get some zero calorie sauce. I mean, I cannot stand the taste of liver. I hate it. Really? But you, I ate it for years. Covid in zero cow or low cow sauces. So all I could actually taste was the sauce. Yeah. Man, I saw a jar of mayo. Somebody posted a picture of it. It was like $18 or something somewhere. I don't know. It wasn't Canada. Like the food went up faster and higher there than it did here in the US from what I've seen. But yeah, I encourage people to think creatively. We do have a couple of listener questions here like I said. We're doing our PG episode. Let's see what I got today. I mean, you can be incredibly creative. You want to be from the point of view of you can go fish for your own food. You can go trap rabbits for your own meat. Oh, yeah, you can, you can hunt. Yeah, you can, and that's something that's probably much more viable in the States and Canada than it actually is in the UK. It's not something we really have a lot of over here. Rabbit in fishing. Yeah, but hunting something like a deer. No, that doesn't really happen much. Do you guys have anything over there? We too, but they're not like the big things that you tend to see in the States. They tend to be able to small the breed. Okay. We have a tail here in Michigan and they're not as big as like the mule deer that you'll see in other states. But that you can get a lot of meat off that you can literally be eaten for months. So I said that there are all turn it. It's as well. I mean, I know, so it's a friend of Mador is actually like, and he's he, he does a lot of roadkill. Oh, now we're now we're getting hardcore here. Well, you know what I mean, if you're on your ass, I mean, you know, we say still fly this and then you'll see videos of African guys lifting tires and lumps of concrete some bits of wood for weights because they haven't got anything else because they don't have a gym where they are. They make it up. And the same applies, you know, if you want to eat enough, you will find a way and sometimes eat camp, but there's still decent meat to be out of roadkill if you get the right stuff. So here's the, I think, my moral story. Guys, if you're going to complain about tuna fish, just remember there's another guy eating roadkill. Right now, right now. Right now. You know, the, the, the so many different ways you can get food sources if you just start thinking a little bit out of the box and stop thinking that I have to walk in the supermarket and buy it. Yeah. Yeah. What's the same say he says? Now I'm curious what British roadkill usually is in the US we get deer as roadkill. Well, it can be good eating. I tell you a story. So in, not where I live now, but where I used to live, there was a, a slightly bigger village nearby called Homeford. And there's a river stream run right through the middle of it. And as a result, there's quite a few ducks about. Okay. One day, and I don't understand why I wasn't driving for I was literally going about four, five mile an hour and they still just flew and landed and literally landed and police head under my from where oh, don't you can me go on dead. All right. Nothing I could do about I could stop. I could hit one in the defense. I almost got a scroll the other day, same thing across the road and it's icy out and I'm driving and he literally last second dive back in, I had to look at my mirror thingfully and didn't get him. Now the guy who I was referring to was in the village saw this happen. That duck was up in any scar within a minute. And he cooked it and he had duck for his day that night and it was decent food. You know what I mean? So there are opportunities even over here. You can eat head jog. All right, you don't want it if it's completely squashed. Rabbit is an extremely good source of lean protein. It's actually a bit too lean. So you know there are, I'm this still wild boar in certain areas in England. So you can go get a pig. I hear that's real. I mean, real gamey tasting is hard to cook for, but they do that in Texas too. They just because they're an invasive species that they damage the land and stuff. You know, I mean, there's a lot of things when you start really getting into the real base stuff because you really are on a budget. If you box clever, you can find it. Yeah. All right. One more message here on that top it before we jump onto a couple of questions. Brandon says I still stand by a college cheese as a cheap protein source. One tub is 146 grams of protein for $5. Three months of eating one tub a day and I'm still feeling good working nights doing manual labor. It makes for a good lunch and I just slowly while I work and I'm good by morning for meal one. So hey, there you go, right? I like it. She's I use it as a night time for you to incline. So I think the problem is a lot of people don't like the taste. And you know what, too? It's what can you digest? Maybe it's good for some guys and not for others, but yeah, definitely suggest that people experiment. So we had a couple of questions Dave for our rated PG segment, which a lot of people still enjoyed it even though we didn't talk about all the gear and stuff last time around. I'd like to take a moment to say thank you to our supporters, thank you to the people who have helped us make this show continue to come out several times per week. So number one, thank you to our Patreon subscribers. And if you know one of our Patreon subscribers, you can thank them directly because they're the biggest driving force right now that's helping to support this show. If you want to take part in Patreon, we can use all the help we can get. We vote with our dollars and I want to say thank you to everybody who is voted for us. Also, I want to say thank you to our advertisers. You guys have directly supported what you're doing. You believe in us and I only work with advertisers that I believe in, too. Shopping with them is shopping with us. Use our code, thank at True Nutrition, shop with Strom Sports Nutrition in the UK, and shop with SupplementSource.ca in Canada. I'm happy to talk and give you insight on any other products or if I don't know, I can direct you to somebody that will appreciate you guys tuning in and thank you for all your support. Let's get back to the programming. Bill 9, who was once known for his science programming, he's in the body building now apparently. Question for the next show. What do you guys do if you are moving up in weight or reps on your logbook? But then you have a date where you're just noticeably weaker. I clearly can't beat the logbook on this day. What do you do? Everything is the same diet, sleep, etc. Just every now and then, I have a weekday. Do you still try to push the weights? What I do? Which I do and I get frustrated as I can't move the same poundages. Any tips would be greatly appreciated. It was a great question for people that are doing progressive overload. I hate all the books for this exact reason. You kind of know get strong every week. You just if you did then every pilot from record in the world be getting beaten every week. Very weak. You just doesn't happen. You're going to have weekdays. You're going to have days where you drop back. You're going to have days where you stagnate. Particularly when you start looking stuff around illness, I could always tell when I was going to be ill because the workout before my strength would drop through the floor. No, it's simply, I mean, I'd lose 40, 60, even 80 kilo off a big lift. You know what I mean? I really would dramatically know. It's like, yeah, I'd feel fine. For me, though I agree with progressive overload and at least a foundation principle that I think should be employed in what we do. We need to progress. We need to be progressing. We need to aim to progress. For me, the workout is based on the damage, the fatigue, the connection with the muscle untrain it, not on the load I move. If one week or one session I find that my current benches, just for arguments, say 200 kilos, six reps and a guy on one week and I work or you will know before you get to that weight. If you're a pyramid and nothing weight, you will know that you're not on full. You will know that 200 is not coming or you're going to struggle with it. So I'd probably just sit at 180 and push a few more reps out or sit at 170 and just push a few more reps out. Because at the end of the day, the goal of my workout is to stimulate muscle response. Yeah, not to move X amount of pounds or X amount of reps. And if on that day, I can't move the load that I would have programmed into moving. Then I'll move the less a load just for more reps and still create the same level of intensity. I think that's a great method. There's no question. Being flexible, I think is a key. Is that the theme for today? Being flexible with your diet in the food you pick? Being flexible with the gym. Well, I don't think you're going to be careful here because I don't think you can be flexible with effort and intensity. I think that always has to be whatever is your best on that given day. And it's not always going to be the same. You know, some days will be better than others. Had a shit nicely stressed whatever it may be, Mr. Meal, but sometimes performance in the gym is going to alter. Yeah. But as long as you're giving as much as you can give on that day, then you're not going to go wrong. Irrespective of whether you move the loads you'd like to have moved that time. Agreed. And I always said trigger points where once they achieved a certain range or weight range, then I'd increase. So I'll always focus on being progressive if. But if I found I wasn't on point one day, I might even pull the weight back even further and go right, you know what? Today I'm going to go really tight on form. I'm going to go really control. And I'm just going to focus on engagement rather than shifting poundage. Yeah. I agree with you. Now, I agree with you that even if you are doing, I'm not against progressive overload first. And I think that to me, my definition of it is more like what you're saying Dave, it doesn't have to be that that that that's it for years. I didn't like progressive overload because I just felt like how can I repeat this workout after workout and still progress each time because yeah, you do have that variability and how you're going to feel. And you know, first thing I'd say to him is he said that for no reason there was no reason he was just noticeably weaker. Now, there is very well the chance that you know, there were no differences that he noticed. But there was I would I would challenge him first to pay as close of attention as possible in reflecting on those days. You might not notice it, but there were something there was something different. Maybe it wasn't in your control. But I do think that the more time you spend focusing on these things, the better we get at being able to kind of predict, you know, what could cause the issues. Even if there things that you can't correct, there's going to be something. There was a reason. So I would say that even if you can't change it, try to identify it. And yeah, there are going to be days when you get in the gym and you pick the weights up, you're warming up and let's say you pick up the 50s and they just they just fly off the rack. They don't even feel like you're holding the weight. And then you grab the 70s and they just once again, no problem off the rack. You just feel it in your hand when you pick them up. They feel lighter today. You know, your warmups all feel better. And you know that you're going to push hard. You know, it's going to be a great work out. You're going to be able to progress. I would agree with you. What would I do if I got to that point where I recognize it's not one of those days? I would probably do the same thing. I would work in a lower rep range. And you know, it's almost like a look at like periodization. I know that for me, when I've been able to push it, my absolute best, one of the exercises I used a lot was the dumbbell in client press. And I knew that when I got to my ultimate strongest, like when I was able to get the 125s up for I think seven reps, I knew that I was not going to repeat that the following week. But I could still train hard. So I might back it down, you know, if I could get the 125s for seven, then I could get the the 110s, which are they're going to feel light now. You know, I'll be able to get them for at least an easy dozen, right? And then I might go to that and then begin to build back up. So I usually what I would find is I'm not going to always go 125s to the 130s to the 135s. It never worked for me that way. But I would find that I could do like one week it'd be the 110s. And next week the 115s and then I'd get to the 120s and that would be like really, really hard. And then from there I'd know, okay, I'm going to go back down to the 110s. And I would pyramid back up again. The next week I'd go heavier, the next week I'd go heavier, and eventually I'd get back to those 120s or the 125s, whatever that top weight again. In this time hopefully I could get more reps out of it. I progressed to that way for like two years straight. Still only playing in like the the 100 to the 125 pound range of dumbbells and I progressed and I grew and I was way stronger by the end of that. See I've never deliberately pulled back but I will pull back if my body tells me to do so. Well that's what I said, right? Yeah, that's what I said. You did the 127s or 125s in your scenario and then the next week you went back down to one to I wouldn't I'd go for them again. Here's the thing is I've learned that if I if I felt like I could heck yeah I would. There's no question in my mind. I wouldn't like just pull back because but generally after I get those 125s I'm absolutely wrecked. Like that was the literally the heaviest thing I'd ever done in my life and my body would require it. Question for you. Yeah. How do you view progression? Progressive overload. Being able to do more than you did before. See I'd I don't. I view progressive overload as an improvement in what I'm doing. That's more than that's more. Yeah, well okay I was thinking you were referring to weight rather than so for me because of overload is always based around just you gotta do something to take a start. We don't have to talk in what's with the same time. Sorry my good lady has lost her car keys. Uh-oh. What do you need a foot? What's a great DS3? All right well don't know where they are. Dave must well then it should be on the side. So I think a lot of people view progression as linked to either weight or rep. Yeah, I don't find it that black and white. Yeah, I find progression to do every I can do the same way you do the same reps but the rep tempos slightly better or better control. Better control, better, or engagement slightly better. So there's all those aspects as well that come into progression which I think a lot of people they focus way too much on reps and weight when what we're aiming for in a gym is to stimulate growth. So what we should be focused in on stimulation. Yeah. Not not reps and not weight though they need to be considered. They can't be ignored either. I mean it is still you're still driving to get bigger and stronger. Yeah, if I could say get the 125s for the dumbbell and kind press for seven, let's say I get it for the first time. It's probably not going to be the cleanest set I've ever done but I was able to get the 120s with like a super super clean clean technique. So it's not like I just threw it all out the window. It's just there's a little bit of room for improvement. You know what I'm saying? And so with that then and say I got the seven reps. Maybe I only get seven reps the next time but the technique is better. You know, and to me that is still progressing. Yeah, I mean I used to deliberately loosen up on certain exercises to break into new weight plops. Yeah, right. Ben Everow was a very good example. For Brent Everow I'd get a bit rhythmic on the heavy stuff and then once I got comfortable with the way I'd start a tie in the reps and clean it up and clean it up and then I'd push it getting to a more weight that would be loose but the proceeding rate would be much tighter now and that's how I would progress. Yeah. All right we got one more here. Davey still can't find the key. So did you lose? Did you take the key? Did you drive back so far? I drove so I drove a new car back this morning. Okay. And I have no idea whether keys are. Dave asks the keys. We're watching Dave's life on an uncoil. I probably haven't. I probably haven't. Did you check in the box where the key was before? Remember when you guys lost the office keys? No, I probably haven't lost the keys but she just isn't fucking seen him but she's in a boat so. It's it's a birthday today. Oh you're kidding me. Oh so because she's gone over cars she can take I said you said you have a bloody car and she's like no I don't want to take that. I'm going to call you where they're talking about. All right last question of the segment. Have you guys ever dealt with an inbelecle hernia? Is it manageable to continue training and to compete with it? Thanks. Competition wise bodybuilding you'll get marked down. It's a visual deformity you will get marked down. Or I won't see you get marked down. It will detract from your physique and some of the equal physique will place higher than you because of the hernia. Yes I've had one. Yes I've had it repaired but I didn't for very very long time. It never bothered me. I only did it. Well basically because the offer to repair it's was like oh I find I've gone do it. Nice. I was lucky my recovery was fast. I was literally about to fall power in two three weeks. Most people are probably they tell you some of ridiculous like eight weeks of no lifting but most people are probably going to find themselves able to start back in the gym sort of three weeks post off. Okay. The first week you're going to be in a lot of pain and even standing up straight in the first week is going to be difficult. Oh yeah. I want I want you now the first toilet visit post up is horrendous. Oh you better have a lot of fiber in your diet. That's going to hurt like a bitch. But once once you get over that first week as soon as you start getting mobile you'll find the recovery starts to speed up quite yeah this is a real common issue for people living on a building. This is a real common one from bracing you know pressing out. I got a little diagram to share with the audience here. So that's what it looks like and if you get that the problem is it'll keep pressing and keep pressing eventually your intestines could pop out. So you don't want to let it I mean there there could be it could be life threatening if you were to just let it go and keep tearing it. And once you tear a piece of paper and then you mess with it it's just going to keep tearing. So it's how long was your recovery I a client's a mine if had about four weeks was what it takes. Oh by the way she found her keys I didn't have them. Good job. Because she just left in the car. I didn't even tell you that it's just kind of in left. Well that's it should be in the off because it would be like oh you didn't have the mump. Yeah. Well it would be my folks I put them somewhere stupid. For weeks about recovery time? Yeah I'd say so depending on what level you're lifting that you may need and have a one or two. I think a lot of these confidence as well having the confidence to push out again because that's always an issue coming about from injury is he's having the confidence to load what was the injury. Yeah. Yeah. So that that's a big factor as well. We'll wrap this thing up for PG segment of the week. We appreciate you guys hanging out with us and talking about the stuff of drugs and stuff. Guys go to evelebladinalysis.com get your lab worked done by Dave. Go to our great sponsors trinutrition.com and use our code think. We just got some of their beat root powder which I started using for nitric oxide while training. I'll keep you guys posted about that. I'm also good to strom sports nutrition. If you're in the UK, lots of great supplements there. And of course supplement source.ca for our Canadian people. Go to Dave. Crosslist.org.uk. Reach out to him for coaching. McNally diets at gmail.com. I'd be happy to talk to you. For another episode of drugs and stuff with Dave Crosslist.com. McNally. We'll see you soon.