So the IGF1 is like one of the main main molecules that's involved with cancer and just unbridled growth of cells when that's elevated, especially beyond physiological levels to what you're going to try to do when you use the vaginous IGF1. Hey, what's up guys, on this episode of The Muscle Minds, and I started out talking about growth hormone and its relationship to IGF, plus a bunch more amazing GH factoids. After that we talk about training through injuries, then we'll hit training have any health benefits over other forms of training, say, volume training. And we have a listener with low hemaglopen, yet he's on a gram of tests. So we try to tackle that one and a bunch more guys, we're going to do that right now here on Muscle Minds. And we're going to do a lot of things. And we're going to do a lot of things. And we're going to do a lot of things. And we're going to do a lot of things. What's up guys, welcome back to Muscle Minds. I've got my daily, of course I'm here with Dr. Scott Stevenson. I'll be programming as brought to you by Trinutrition.com. And if you are watching this on YouTube, do us a favor, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button. We have several podcasts coming out each week. We haven't had a muscle mind in a little while. Well hey listen, what do you have for us today? I know that we did get a couple questions that are popping up in the feed. But I see you've got some stuff here too. I've got some couple figures and a Scott Stevenson original figure. I'll go to the questions. Well we have one from David and he's asking about what is it related to cancer risk using IGF. Could it be lessened by using it alongside a growth hormone? And so that there's converted IGF BP3 in the system. I heard, okay, this is what I've heard Dr. Serrano say. He said that there, and I've heard John Meadows say it as well repeating Dr. Serrano. And then I heard Rhonda Patrick say something kind of similar that the IGF on its own may be able to create cancer. That's Rhonda Patrick's thought is that IGF on its own may create cancer and otherwise healthy person over long term abuse basically used by athletes. Now what Serrano would said was that by using exogenous growth hormone, there's a series of checks and balances that occur so that the IGF isn't completely unfettered. That by combining, so if you were to use IGF to combine that with growth hormone so that you do have like some of those checks and balances in place. So what I think Rhonda and Dr. Serrano meant by the regarding IGF on being unfettered is that you're prompting an endogenous IGF one release. So this is a somatomedin hypothesis growth hormone stimulates IGF one release from the liver also with some local other tissues like bone and muscle. Some degree not gigantic amount. There's some of that going on and you've initiated that and that's a hormonal cascade with the feedback loop built into it. So that would that will then inhibit like I don't know exactly the mechanisms I can't point to what's going on in liver cells for instance, but that increase in IGF one within feedback to liver and keep further elevations of IGF one in check. Okay, feathered. Those are great words. That's awesome. They didn't use it. That was both. That's the mechanism. I like it too. So yeah, but that's that's totally the right right deal and that's that's what feedback inhibition is all about is to try to check some balances on any of the aspects of the hormonal cascade or the hormonal access getting out of check. So that's that's how that would work. But if you've got an exogenous source of IGF one coming in that's further amplifying IGF one elevation then that doesn't that doesn't apply anymore because you're basically you're you're bringing IGF one in it's kind of like using a growth hormone secretive dog versus using the oxygen's growth. You're going to have down regulation of sensitivity to the secretive dog. You know, GHRP or what have you whatever combination injectables with the MK67 you're using an eventually that will that will just some degree balance out the amount of growth hormone release you get. In this case when you use growth hormone to get IGF one elevation spacing the same kind of thing, but if you've got IGF one coming in. This here's an analogy. This will probably be like to make it all come together. So imagine if it would be like saying. I'm using a growth hormone the peptides and and I want to to elevate growth hormone will will start will using growth hormone. The peptides to elevate growth hormone offset the effects adverse effects of using injectable growth hormone. Like like no, you put in 10 I used 10 I used goes in put in 20 I used 30 I used you could you know you could type of that if you put in 1000 I use a growth hormone. There's no there's no feedback it's just coming in it's there. Let me broken down and take in a way in the ways it will be so no but what you would possibly do by adding growth hormone on top of IGF one is compound your cancer risk from those cancers that are growth hormone sensitive or affected by growth hormone levels. So I mean IGF one is like there's numerous cancers whereby the cancer cells that become their cancer cells are immortal that's the problem. So normally cells will go into my tozes you get two from one and more more but some of them die. And for the cell regulates itself in the tissue so the tissue doesn't just grow into a big tumor it maintains the tissue shape and function physiology and form. So that it does what it's supposed to do you don't so that you have a lip not a big you know lip tissue on your lip or the tissues that make up your lip not a big tumor. Yeah, but if those cells become cancerous. One of the ways that back and happen is that they start over or one of the things that's involved with that can be over expression of IGF one. So because that just so that just keeps on bringing about growth in those cells at triggering new growth. And my tozes so it's so the IGF one is like one of the main main molecules that's involved with cancer and just unbridled growth of cells when that's elevated. Especially on physiological levels to what you're going to try to do when you use exogenous. So that's like that probably you know I can't that would I would not be surprised if that's involved with you know. 85% or 80 plus with large the vast majority of cancers probably have some IGF one sensitivity. I've looked us up before growth hormone. There are some I can't remember which ones they are but there are some that specifically have been connected to growth hormone. So here's the thing like one of the things that you know we know like if you if you if you this is a Rhonda Patrick thing to you know if you fast. Fasting tends to reduce IGF one. Yeah, it's it's not anabolic it's tadabolic in fasting also increases life expectancy. So there's all sorts of like if you go on and on with this sort of interplay between those things that body builders do to promote growth. And grow and overeat and have lots of IGF one versus what people who limit their caloric intake. Do and what that means in terms of all sorts of health risks and also health parameters and IGF one is is one of the centerpiece molecule that differentiates. The off season push the food gets big at you can inject IGF one type of thing versus what happens IGF one while you're dieting down so. But yeah, I mean the cancer thing like like that such a generic and it's a important question obviously. Is someone as a family history of cancer I would try to go and figure out what cancer. This they're family numbers have had and then and then see if they can get a genetic and I don't know which one will be the best one at this point in time. But you know get a genetic test run through Prometheus or run through a single nucleotide polymorphism checker. That'll look for the specific gene polymorphisms variants that predisposed people to different answers. And you can get your own profile like what you get some idea of your disposition so that way I mean not that it will necessarily be it's not like going to be 100% accurate and actually there's there are papers that have looked at this and I think I was I read a blog somewhere where. It's really quite funny someone went and had their um they're it was just a heritage testing type of genome analysis but it told them just dramatically different things. You know what their genetic heritage was and you can get false positives for single nucleotide polymorphisms on those tests that are geared towards that. You try to get you sort of a health risk inventory and some of the some of the commercially available tests are not very good and I can someone wants they can mess to me off send them a paper who's been two or three years now. But so you can't even trust in those entirely. Yeah, but if you do one of those and you're like okay, I got like you know eight high risk genes for cancers that are IGF one and or growth hormone which could it was also going to evolve IGF one because elevated growth hormone is going to mean elevated IGF one. All of the things being equal. Yeah. Then so you know I probably shouldn't be in the plane or I'll guide you if one. Yeah. Yeah. But that goes up when you over e that goes up when you when you over when you when you you're more you eat. Sure. Really powerful marker of nutritional status. Yeah. People who are starving like burn victims who are really catablogged. I'd just want to go in the tank. So that's like just as an aside people talk about. You know growth hormone means higher more growth hormone means higher IGF one and that's how a lot of people will test their exogenous growth. But when you die it. IGF one goes down. Okay. What do you think happens to growth hormone when you when you die it if you're not injecting it. Well, we just take we had a really related question here says this is from let's see. Answer questions question. Gillard Ron he says doesn't fasting increase GH secretion from his understanding many proponents of fasting claim that it does. It does that's that's it's major metabolic one of its major metabolic roles. During post development after the bones refuse and it's not promoting growth. That's why you don't see you'll see some some sort of strange skeletal abnormality sometimes on people who use lots of growth hormone their feet will get larger and facial changes but no one's getting taller. Right. Some of that's explained by. Well, the amount and the fact that the growth plates are already huge but didn't that really weren't you didn't you say in relationship to not eating wasn't. Let's let's run going. Okay. So after all that's done after the growth and developments done you're fully formed adult sort of speak and growth hormones not directing you know skeletal maturation of your bones. It's there as a fuel selector hormone. It goes up when you exercise it goes up it goes up when you sleep. Especially if you sleep you don't eat very much and it's going up so that it will liberate fatty acids to be used as fuel so that you have glucose for your brain. So when you fast when you don't eat growth hormone goes up when you're a hypercolt growth hormone levels will elevate roughly in relative to the caloric balance that you have. And when there's a lack of carbohydrate you'll have more growth hormone release those two things are interrelated so. You don't get the growth hormone elevation if you have carbs even protein because insulin release will antagonize the growth hormone but. So yeah that's what growth hormones really doing so that's the that's the thing is that. It's just me is causing like policies liberating free fatty acids those can be oxidized during exercise and those other conditions I just mentioned so. But I GF one will be low when you're starving to so you die it your idea one goes down and that was the way in the past if people wanted to get a prescription for growth hormone. You just go get your blood test done when you're dieted down and you're starving. I would be really low and it'll be out of range because your diets out of range. So caloricly restricted and it's not because your growth hormone is low your growth hormone will be high. But you don't want you don't want see here's the interesting thing and this is why you know it's that's so cool how the bodies programming for what these. Genes can be doing what what this is not because we're doing when you're growing as a kid. And you have growth hormone to creating causing IGF one secretion systemically. That's because you're growing you're eating you're growing you're you're becoming you know a much larger human you grow at the rate. When you're a kid you know infant in childhood much faster. Then you will unless maybe it's like your first cycle as a bodybuilder that growth rate is just independence. You know it's bad ass. Well that's big sense then that growth hormone will be also directing IGF one because IGF one is very anabolic and it directs growth of tissues. What you want is you're getting to be going from a little Scott to a big Scott. Right. But when you're starving and your already as big as you're going to be you're already an adult that part of your you know growth and development's over with. You're doing the stage of adulthood and thereafter you don't and you grow from on that takes on a role of fuel provision. So it makes sure you have fatty ass is available so that you don't run out of glucose because your brain would for it to have that to somebody. I see. Yeah. So then at that point in time when you're starving you don't want to be turning on IGF one. That's like putting on the breaks while you're pressing on the accelerator. Okay. That's like no that's like those are needed to be you don't want that. So that doesn't happen and you're there and there are mechanisms in place to ensure that now that some adding meat and hypothesis is is is a disconnect now between growth hormones stimulating IGF one. Okay. It's different and so so there there's a specific connection between those two hormones that is dependent upon the growth and development of the organism. Okay. Go figure right. Yeah. So yeah. So that's that's what people don't get when they say well you know I went in I like I bunk growth hormone I injected the 10 I use and I measured two and a half hours later I followed the damn protocol magic f1 sucks. Yeah. And I'm dining for a show dammit and I'm grouchy and I and I want my good growth hormone it's like it doesn't mean you don't have but bad growth hormone just means you had a shitty IGF one release which is reflected over your diet not to not the growth hormone you injected. Really shit. No kidding. Yeah. Okay. I bet this was like because like I see this constantly as something that the people say you can obviously just do a growth hormone test that's a much better way to do it. Yeah. Yeah. And those IGF one test all of the things being equal for someone who's you know kind of perm a bulky or just not you know if they if they standardize the dietary condition and the you know what that your weight is stable. Then that will be reflected on the growth hormone some degree. Yeah. You know it's it's it's here's the thing I don't even know. It's it's very possible because you the growth they're different growth hormone receptors. Okay. That's one reason why some people may or may not be receptive. Yeah. Different is a forms there so. That also. The genes they're also could also the gene for the growth hormone binding protein too so that's part of this whole whole play. But what happens after growth hormone. Um. Bines with receptor. Ah. I got one of those. Yes. Yes. Cool. I was supposed to go there this year. Or last year. Yeah. This year still this year. Yeah. We were supposed to go. What was that podcast was going to have a few. The sort of insights like you know successful insight type of thing. Yeah. What's going to do it. I think you're going to. I was going to talk about podcasting. Right. Right. Yeah. Hopefully it's still happening. Yeah. I have a couple of those now. This is beautiful. I can. I have a couple of those. If you guys haven't heard of it, you should go to Swiss. Scott will have a code. I'm sure when it comes. I'll have a code. They'll be code. It's like early insurance codes. But it's. It's a it's a group of people like Scott. All of the Scott's get together in North America and other places. Yeah. And go to Canada. Mumple brainards. Muscle brainards. Yes. So. But anyway, the growth hormone obviously hormones have different effects depending on the tissues. Okay. Different growth hormone. You see all these. This is just. This we're getting on a growth hormone topic here. But that's interesting. That's good. I like this. Yeah. Yeah. So like, you know, obviously people find when they use black market growth hormone versus farm rate growth. Or even different pharmaceutical corporations are growth hormone. Yeah. So, you know, if you're looking at the relationships or some of that's manufacturing, you could do the whole whole slew of things. That could explain that. But some of it could means then that you may have a different growth hormone molecule. It's a different shape, let's say. Okay. Do the oxidation, methylation, various things that just change the shape of the key going in the lock. He being the growth hormone, the lock being the growth hormone receptor. And when that happens on one tissue, you would get. Um, we get lipolices with this is a fat tissue. If it's if it's skeletal muscle, there's maybe there's something going on there. That's not, there's going to be greatly in a bulk of its bone. It's going to be how they're different, in effect. Obviously. And so what happens after you put the lock and the key in the lock, those postbiding. Um, messenger systems differ depending on the cell. And it's also going to depend on what happens in the cell depends on the growth hormone itself. Some growth hormone works better than others. That maybe how well it binds to the, or how and how well it binds to the receptor. So the analogy that everyone knows about is there are lots of different drugs that all bind to the same receptor. And have the same actions, mostly, but the drugs work differently. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Those are different. Both binding the battery receptors. Different relative affinity, affinity is just like how well it sticks. Also like when you put that, put that in there, it's like this, it's like this super like wizard's key. Okay. It's not like you turn it, it turn like that, but you put it in and then it takes you in. And then all the tumblers start sliding and the flips it around. And like you're all this incredible molecular binding that goes on that changes the shape of the growth hormone. Receptor on the inside and then it facilitates all the things that happen inside the cell. So depending on what kind of key you have, that's going to impact what happens in those cells. So it may be that you get one growth hormone, this is where I'm going with this one type of growth hormone that just doesn't do much as far as IGF one release. Because the nature of that interaction at the liver, but it may be really, maybe a fine job at promoting lipolysis in the adipose cells in the fat cell. Okay. And so it's not like like another thing someone could do is well, how well does my growth hormone, how well is the work for fat loss. So you go in and you get a baseline level of free fatty acids. Was what you have to probably do and check your 10 I use and then monitor that. So what's the elevation of free fatty acids? Yeah. There's some things you'd have to be in a lab to do to look at oxidation and that kind of stuff. But you get some sort of marker of lipolysis. That would be interesting to see. That's really what you mostly are wanting from growth hormone. Although some people seem like they grow from it, too, which might be IGF one mediated. I like the recovery personally. I feel like I really get better. Connective tissue. It has a new effect, connected tissue. So that's mainly where it's protein synthetic effects come into play. Okay. Not so much in a muscle tissue. Okay. So but that can vary as well. And it person by person. Some people don't get that from growth hormone. Some people do. Yeah. Right. So that would be a hard one to like you can't. There aren't a whole lot of studies that have measured like connected tissue proteins. Since it's as good as you have to. At least the old technology was you had the sample biopsy sample of that. So like take a little sliver from your petellate tendon. Yeah. So you can do it with a radio isotope. Tracer of some sort and see how much. A amino acid is getting incorporated into connected tissue. Again, that you know, this is high in lab shit. But yeah, you're not doing that at a quest. Yeah. You don't exactly know. No, you're lucky to get a nice good attitude and a happy family. That's all I'm hoping for is not to be with the couch. Great. Great. Yeah. So anyway, that's one of the things. So that like you can see like so not only is that IGF1 not necessarily telling you how good the growth hormone is. It's not the IGF1 elevation for people who are using growth hormone for fat loss. Isn't even necessarily specifically reflecting growth hormones effect on the fat cells. Okay. It's showing you it's effect on the liver and IGF1, which is just kind of a moot point if you're dieting down because you're not going to expect an effect. Yeah. Maybe you can check massive amounts. You're just going to you're just it's super physiological. So you're going to override the system. Okay. Not meant to work within those parameters. Those aren't the normal design parameters. You know, to have 10 I use coming in all one time. Right. That's a lot. It's like five times daily output or something like that. So you will get an IGF1 release from that. But it would be it's still going to be in my experience somewhat damped when someone's dieting. So so that's that's the thing. It's you know, it measures growth hormone is better way to sort of evaluate. And then there's also issues with the testing that happens there. So that's you know, it's one growth hormone molecule might not show up so well given a radio amino acid. It tests for growth hormone because what it would have is a binding at a binding protein that binds to some part of the growth hormone. Okay. And it's sent to which that that radio active binding protein, the tracer isotope. Bines tells you, well, how much is bound to growth hormone tells you how much growth hormone is there. Okay. How much growth hormone you had with the elevation was. But that that sometimes the binding is not perfect. So it's not going to be like you're getting every single growth hormone molecule. And that the binding of that of that molecule is for the test may not reflect how well the growth hormone binds to your receptors. Oh, okay. Yeah. So yeah, you so you might have you might have shitty binding with the binding protein the test and shitty binding of your growth hormone receptor or or good on both ends or any combination thereof. So but that's why you have to be consistent like when people change labs that could be a huge thing for like stuff like the free free anagents like there's two kind of tests done for free testosterone. And they will show like a five or eight like it's like a large it's like a fivefold difference plus terms of the percent free or the values. But it depends on which test they do. And so that right right that that there tells you that the test is just giving you some normative numbers based on this test. It's kind of like. And then the time we go and we count the cows in that field we're going to use this we're Bob's going to do it and Bob lost and I in the war. And his other eye he's a little near sighted on so he can get a good call. You know like if we're if it's truly a hundred and the between like 80 and 120. Yeah, or Bob always sense to be a little low so like as long as we have Bob do it every time. If we're we're getting about 80% of the actual value. But then then if you go and you get you know Bob's great grandfather Bill who's been blind for 20 years. He's going to have like he's always going to be low because he can't hear either so he thinks there's 20 cow's and there's a hundred. Yeah. I'm really just a species scenario which is the idea. So neither of those numbers are particularly accurate. Okay. But what's important is the change in the values or that you always go with Bob or Bob's great great grandfather. Yeah, I'm going to go and start over we're just going to hire someone new but. Well, I don't even know like in the case of the like free testosterone which numbers the accurate one because we don't have an eagle eye GPS, you know, that counts. Or someone with a clicker that actually tells us the exact number. Okay. There's maybe lab techniques that I'm unaware of that were that are known or thought to be more accurate. But the fact that both of those are used and still used you know somewhat regularity like so what is it like there's all sorts of potential. There's all sorts of potential ways in which air can creep into those measurements. So we don't know what the real value is. There's we're just presuming but that's a lose like a fivefold difference off to go and look I can close some of that information to for people. But it can be used people because they're like oh shit, you know I tried more on or something like that to free up more tests. And it went the other way it's like what the hell this is bullshit. It's like well what did you well I had to go I do I get tested it you know quest to set a lab core and it's like well. How do they test or freed testosterone. They have no idea. I can go check into it. I bet they use this test versus this test. So you actually only went down by 50% whereas the test is typically much more than that low lower much lower than that. So maybe you didn't get increased but I wouldn't count it because you because you asked Bob and you asked the great great grandfathers. Yeah. Who knows. So. Yeah. Anyway, so. I think that's enough. Grow a farm on idea. Yeah. I really like it. Hey, what's going on guys. Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Bodybuilding Media. And thank you to our great sponsor True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements. Check them out True Nutrition.com and hey, if you use our code advice is directly support our podcasting. Thanks guys. Let's get back to the program. Can I ask you this question here? This is from Michael. And it just be curious to hear what your input is on it. It says just a simple question of what are some good exercises when you have. A back slash spine injury. I would go to my keyboard and Google. Kyropractor injury special bath injury special. I would find it doctor and figure out what's going on. Get it. And honestly, Kyropractor go to your deep general practitioner. Fear was going on with your back. Okay. So is the question pop up? I want to make sure I cover all the. Yeah, that was the whole question. Okay. So, so you just wanted to exercise as when he has a back pain. I mean, yeah, I guess that would make the most sense. Figure out exactly what's going on with the injury first. Yeah, because there are so many things. It could be it could be facet joint pain, which is local. You know, it could be a bold disc and the spasm around the disc and you're not getting any radiating. Because you're not imping you can nerve yet. Yeah. It could be a muscle spasm. You know, it could be so many different. It could be even for some referred pain. We've got to injury somewhere else. And it just feels you have pain in another location. Yeah. That happens a lot of times. You know, there's some known. Association between pain in one place and actual injury or something going on in another place. Yeah. But yeah, you got to figure out what it is. First of all. You know what? I've found for myself and then I've seen a lot of people who. I can almost call it now on certain people that so I hurt my back, you know, years ago. And then I continued to re-injure it for a long, long time. And I got MRIs. Thankfully, there was nothing wrong with the discs. You know, everything structurally was was okay. And I found that for me, it was a muscular imbalance. And you know, I probably have talked about it with you before when I started the glute training. My whole thought was aesthetics. I was like, oh, yeah, you know, I don't have good glutes. They just never really like turned on well, you know, some people are like, you know, remember when we were and you've heard other people say this, when we did the live advice as radio event at the Arnold two years ago. And Josh Wade was there. And Josh was like, I just squat in my glute's grow. He was like, I just suggest squatting. It's like, but I did that obviously for years. And I still had, you know, like white guy butt syndrome. Directly training my glutes and then talking with people and then experimenting. I realized that my low back was compensating for glutes not turning on. So I'd bend over to do a T bar row. And my low back would hold his damn tight as it could. And let me tell you, too, my, like, my directors were thick. And I think they were so thick because they were compensating for glutes that were working. But eventually in that bent over position with three and half plates, there's going to be a minute that they a moment that they strain. And then I write out for three weeks, you know, waiting for my back to recover. Strengthening my glutes was a huge factor. And now I'm seeing another people that tell me they have low back pain and that clients are blind to mine. And then I look at their physique. And I'm like, yeah, and you have no glutes either. And sometimes these mysterious low back pains can be fixed in cases like that, you know. Yeah. And what you're talking about the other etiology of having atrophy glutes can also come about too in that the person has low back pain. And then they stop doing things. Yeah, bend over and engage the glutes and the glutes get small. Yeah. So they're basically favoring, you know, the back injury. And you do this stuff inadvertently all the time. Yeah. You just get used to not spending over in certain ways and not squatting down. And eventually you get actually in the muscle. It can happen pretty rapidly sometimes. Yeah. Just because you just don't like those that day to day, you know, let's say you bend over like 150 times during a day. You know, just picking up various things with glutes get activated or walking. But then that goes from 150 nothing. Right. And then you, and then the whole, then you go down that a dash of the spiral where, you know, then you stop moving less because your glutes get weaker. You stop engaging them less. Yeah. Go back takes over more and then you know, with another injury. Yes. But, but what did the, did you ever figure out if there is any mechanical injury to your low back? Mechanical. What do you mean by mechanical? Like, like a disc. No. Yeah. No. I had MRIs. I had a doctor's degree for the pain. Yeah. No. I never had, I couldn't find a reason. Now I haven't, I haven't had MRI in years. So who knows? I may have done something since the last MRI. But that said strengthening the glutes. I'm able to handle way more than I was before. And I don't have those phantom moments where the back just goes out on me, you know. Yeah. You're able to engage the muskature more correctly, so to speak, from a biomedical standpoint, across the posterior chain. Yes. Exactly. Let me sense. Yeah. Like, like, you've got all these, these pieces of the posterior chain puzzle. And you've got a weak link in the glutes. So that means the other links have to take up the slack, so to speak. Yeah. There you go. That's where you're going to focus injury risk. Even if it's just like minor tweaks, like nothing like that's going to show up with MRI or nothing, well, we'll be around. You go on a month later and they do like a straight leg test or something like that, you know, on you and nothing's going to show up because you're fine. You just tweak some things. Maybe you must just muscular strains because you're putting all that so much there. A lot of people have really, really, really tight hamstrings. Yes. Yes. You know. And that, the hamstring, that in that case, it disallows them. It pulls them into posterior pelvic tilt. Okay. So if you think of your pelvis as being kind of triangle like this, the hamstrings being back here, it pulls everything back. Well, that will tend to bow your low back. Okay. As opposed to having that nice anatomical lumbar arch that you have when you're just standing there. Uh-huh. There's some lumbar curvature that's just the normal lumbar curvature, which is somewhere where you want to be most of the time because that's where the discs and the vertebrae are stacked up on one another. The best for overall cushioning of the spine. Yeah. And if your hamstrings are tight, basically, that pushes you into that position that makes you cringe when someone's doing a deadlift or a spot. And the back starts to bow the wrong. It's like, ah, mother fucker. That's where you can bow a disc, blow a disc, that post your wall of the discs is weaker than the anterior. And it also doesn't have the ligament to support there. So there's some mechanical reasons why our spine's, why we tend to blow discs in the way we do it press on our vertebrae. Partly, you just can't have all that support structure back there because that's where the nerves exit come back in. So you've got to have some openings and the fact that you have openings is kind of like, if you're going to bring in like the satellite table from the roof, you've got to make a hole in the roof to get it through. Yeah. You know, that's where you're going to tend to get water coming through the roof. Oh, yeah. Other things being equal. So that's where you're going to get an injury just because that's just part of the anatomical zone plus, plus evolutionarily, we've not only been bipedal for a relatively short period of time, we're not really built to be walking upright entirely. Okay. We're pretty good at it. And we were doing all right, but like putting, you know, 500 pounds on our backs. That's, that's not what, you know, we've been doing for Eons, you know, because being upright is just a relatively new, I mean, look at the other primates. They can walk upright, but they're not that far from us genetically speaking or even they branched that long ago evolutionarily, but they're not walking upright. Yeah. You know, they're dragging stuff, mounting it, but I'm not doing, they're not squatting like we try to. Yeah. So, but yeah, but definitely back to this question, he just go get it checked. See, we can figure out what's going on there. So, you don't try to do some rehab or something that exacerbates it, makes it worse. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, sometimes it's like, it's a crazy thing. I'll just, like, this is sort of a little bit of mini rant and an offshoot, but some people, they'll say like, you know, what do you guys do for elbow tendonitis? It's like, okay, go to a doctor. And why, why would I say that? Because if someone says they have tendonitis in their elbow, that's like you're saying you have a headache in your foot. Could your elbows are joint? Okay. You would have elbow arthritis. Okay. Not tendonitis. Yes. Means you have information of one of the tendons in the area of the elbow. Right. It could be tendon cellboe or golfer's elbow or tri-sept tendonitis or some other things as well. But when you say elbow tendonitis, like literally that shows that you're not, you don't have like a basic. And this isn't like, not piston on anybody, but it, because everyone says it that way. Yeah. It's like, it's the common way to say it. But it's like, it tells you nothing because that could little be golfers, like a those things I just mentioned. All of which could be treated generically with, you know, anti-inflammatories, or just throw something, you know, throw like quannalongol on it, which I'll touch on just a second. I came up on another on board just recently. And just try to like, you know, get through it and that happened that would work. But if it's a chronic thing that keeps on coming back and you found a good fix for yours, like you're, you know, you've engineered your way out of out of that injury risk just by being very, very cognizant of all the things that we're going on. And so that's brilliant. But if you're not really sure, like you can't get a handle on it, try to throw what it is because there's something to back as so many different things. So, you know, if you try, like, I've been, I'm taking glucosamine and aspirin, you know, I'm wrapping it all this kind of stuff and I still have that elbow tendonitis. It's like, like, you're not even like, like, saying like, it's right here in the tip of my elbow, you know, or, you know, there's no, there's no specificity in understanding of what's going on. So you're not going to be able to treat with any specificity. Yeah. You know, it's like, my car won't start. It's like, okay, well, throw some gas in there, throw some on there. It started, it did you're good to go. You know, throw one started all those things like a canadian after you would have a can. Yeah. Because they'll diagnose what's going on. So someone was asking someone asked, and I, and I tried to be as nice as I could with this, because I just wanted to help this person. So he, the question was, can someone point me in the right direction of the, the best, most reliable brands of clung along oil. Yeah. And you know, clung along oil that I've, you know, it's in my book. It's a topical linimate. The advice I was given was look for the box that looks like it's just Chinese writing. It's probably going to be a good one. Right. Well, here's pretty much, but here's the thing. It's there's only one brand. There's only one manufacturer as far as I know. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's, that's all there is. There's Prince of Peace makes it. And you'll see like some variations in like small ones in the, in the box. And at one point, sometimes they can't have, I'm blanking on one of the ingredients can't be in there because it's toxic. But other than that, like it's like, it's like, you know, where, what will be the best best, make if I wanted to get a four F 150, which, where should I, you know, where should I, you know, what make vehicle should I get? It's like there's only one forward, like it's the four F 150. There's no, no, not costs, which should be a possibility. And you're right, you Google it and it comes up all sorts of places. And it is in a four language, so that makes you like, I don't know which ones which, so maybe they're, maybe they're fake. It was only just one. Okay. But there's only only one brand with the thing with quantum long oil is like, that's, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a liquid banded. Some degree. And I say banded in that it has anti-inflammatory processes that can help you get past some information that's been brought about from a chronic over use injury. But that's only a smart idea in my mind, if you're also treating the underlying root of the issue. Absolutely. That's the branch, you know. That goes with, with everything, right? I mean, when I hit, looked into stem cell therapy, they're saying that the big thing is is, they want you to, Adam Lamb was telling me, they want you to take like three months off of training basically. And then from there, getting back into it really easy. And then everything I read was, so if you had an instability and a given joint, you know, if the structure wasn't working properly, and then you fix the connective tissue, if the structure still isn't working properly, you're just going to do the same thing and make it worse again, you know. Yeah, I think with stem cells, do you have to give them some time to set up shop and replace the tissue? Yeah, yeah. But you keep grinding it back down, you know, if you had an issue, just like if you were to use the oil on a low back or say a knee pain, there was days on sure all of us are probably guilty of this, where if your knees hurt, you just wrapped them tighter. That was can Hill used to say that was one of his, yeah, I thought he said that recently actually, but yeah, that's what I've done, you know, I don't have any knee problems now, but I never wrap my knees either. And yeah, so there's a lot of things there, so like you, that's the matter, the stem cells is a matter of understanding how the procedure works. It's like, it's like, you know, you plan to seed and you can't just expect for the plant to have grown the next day. It's like planning the seed is going to give you the plant three months from now from which you can harvest the tomatoes or whatever. So putting the stem cells in, but it's only going to happen if you stay off the ground, if you go on then you're stopping on the ground all the time. You're stopping on the seedling when it's trying to come up. You're never going to let it become what you what you've got the intention is. So that's that's knowing the underlying strategies for using and like, you know, wrapping the knees is just saying, I fuck it. I don't care why it hurts. I'm going to make it not hurt because I'm going to keep doing what I've been doing. Sometimes you, you know, you blast those like been prep sometimes you just have to like just fucking go like there's a trade off. You know, obviously this is the healthiest thing to be doing all the things I'm doing to try to look the way I'm going to I want to look right so you just keep on. But like with the quantum oil, there's a specific thing also in that it contains winter green is probably the source methyl solicilate with it which is methyl salicylic acid, which is just like a seedle salicylic acid, which is aspirin, which is a non-stroidal anti-inflammatory, which blocks the cycle oxygenase enzyme and blunts inflammation. Okay. So when you blunt inflammation, inflammation is part of directing the turnover over the tissue that you want when tissue gets broken down and then comes back stronger. Okay. So you can actually and this has been demonstrated like in some of the muscle damage studies with n-says and like there's one ticker study with a rabbit for instance where they they damage the muscle and they treated with n-says. And they blunted the damage that was done in the loss of force that was done caused by that that damaging injury protocol. But then when they looked at the tensile strength of the muscle months later it was reduced. Okay. Yeah. Because you're you're blunting the inflammatory, so it's much you're also blunting the remodeling. So if you've got tendon let's say whichever one it might be around your elbow your near what have you. And it's starting to get inflating because it's not holding up well against the tensions that you're exposing it to. And it's starting to fray and tear and this tendonitis is starting to move towards a tendonosis. You know, which is the next thing and the next thing would be possibly a tear and your your basically masking that pain with an anti inflammatory. You're preventing the inflammation to prevent the pain. You're also preventing the normal tissue regeneration that comes about from the loading that makes it stronger. Just the same way that n-says could potentially depending on how much you use and how hard you train it could potentially blunt your training. Yeah. So someone who doesn't know like where in their elbow it hurts they just slap some quant. This kind of make it feel great. You know, you really push through it, but you keep doing that. And you're also going to be blocking the ultimate recovery that you want so you can get out of the whole of your injury and not have to use quant along well. Down the road. That's an important thing. People that's in my book. I know that in my book. That's a product. You can get I have an Amazon store actually have something else to ask to. Yeah, what's I have an Amazon store. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got some products that I mentioned in my book. Oh, nice. That's perfect. So people get on my Instagram. Okay. Profile. So you can go there and I don't I haven't gotten any money or notifications anything. And it was bought anything but I've got of those all kind of collected there. Okay. As like, you know, Scott approved stuff. That's a great idea. We I have that stuff loosely, but I don't have it collected anywhere just when people ask or something makes sense put it in the show notes or something but yeah. Oh, I have a huge spreadsheet. I used to give the clients like, you know, like tons of products like copy based copy based. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense and that you would put something like this together. Good. Good. You could do it. I think you could do it. I don't know. Like they had I had I think I used some my credential for doing that was my Instagram. Yeah, because I had to put my Instagram in the show that I'm, you know, some somewhat notariable some some something. You mean don't create an affiliate. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. There had to be someone I don't know the right idea there that I already have it. I already have it. I do have an affiliate account with them. Oh, then you're good to go. Yeah. Okay. That's so. Let's see if we have anything else here. There was a question about health and training from our good friend Juan down in Mexico. Okay. So he initially said, do you have some thoughts on high intensity training in health? And then I asked him if he could be more specific. And he said, he said, sure. He says muscle. It's indecrine organ and keep in mind. English and I was first language. Do you think if we train by high intensity fashion that it would help people with metabolic disease like type two diabetes? Oh, absolutely. Would it help any more to train high intensity versus another style? Like high intensity resistance training? Yeah. Does that mean I think because he kind of an HIT guy. Yeah. Kind of two two aspects of that come to mind. So if we're talking about type two diabetes, the main thing that exercise is going to help remedy there. So a couple things that are going to happen. It's going to help remedy insulin sensitivity right off the bat. And if you continue to train and you start changing your body composition and reduce your body fat, that's going to help with insulin sensitivity. So a leaner person is going to be more insulin sensitive. And you can reverse type two diabetes. If you, if you haven't gotten to the point where over the years, your tail spinning towards a type one insulin dependent by diabetes type situation. So without it out exercise generally can do that. Most of the time they looked at cardiovascular exercise, but that without it out can be done in happens. So as far as like HIT which is low volume and so a lower volume program. For the average person because I know how one train sees on my discussion board. He's posted some videos of the man's of Brigham Monster. He's like tearing this too. Oh yeah, it's like Jordan S. intensity. Oh that's awesome. He goes to town baby. Yeah, like he goes, there's a stiff leg of deadlift. I can't remember what the weight was. It's a size mobile amount of weight. And it's one of those sets where you're like, like this, this guy's going to help. And in fact, he's going to help with the spear to stab the devil in the heart. You know, he's like there's no stopping him. Yeah. He's going in, you know. And because he just keeps going, you know, like most people would have gotten most people wouldn't even pick the weight up, given how hard it was, but he gets like eight reps and like that. But nice. So that type of effort with HIT is going to produce lots of muscle. And it's also going to produce a lot of inroads into recovery. It's going to end of itself. The energy expenditure is pretty high. But it tends to produce an epoch from what I've seen training really hard. And that's going to positively affect body composition. There's something to say, said for training with big group muscle groups like that, really, really hard taking shit to failure, going to town. Most people, the average person who's got already has type 2 diabetes is probably not going to be so inclined to train with HIT for getting good muscle gains. Although they might be physiologically genetic and pre-supposed to gaining the best from that kind of a strategy. They're probably not going to want to do it. Just guessing their lifestyle just from the fact that they have that big marker of, like the E and B sedentary. Not necessarily everybody, but that's, you know, what's your tip that's a predictor of type 2 diabetes, genetics are as well. So that person's probably not going to do all that well with an HIT. Although the answer is question it can be done without it out. Someone, someone who's in that situation would probably be better off doing whatever it is if they want to lift weights, whatever type of training style they find to be the most fun that they can maintain and keep using. It's interesting, like the body composition changes will be reflected in insulin sensitivity. So as long as you get leaner and you're a new staleeiner, which in other self is a huge feat. A lot of people don't, they get, they can prove it and they revert back a year or two later. You know, like the biggest loser type of thing, I think, you know, some of those folks just go back to where they once were. But they shouldn't be enough. A lot of them, the insulin sensitivity effects of exercise were very short-lived. They don't, they don't last that long. There's a huge effect. Yeah, a lot of which is reversed. Yeah, I know that. Yeah, yeah. So, but getting leaner and it then, but you're going to train, you know, three times a week. So you're going to spend almost all that time with improved insulin sensitivity. Yeah. You know, unless you do something crazy with your diet. So, finding like a higher volume, you know, more moderate intensity, type of regime that's fun. I mean, I'm thinking, like, this is just, you know, this is a two-year-on-a-heartening. But for a two-training, it seems to be a really fun way to train for lots of people who like to really train pretty hard. And I know this is just I'm thinking of like, there are a few people now that I know of. There's actually two gyms that I know of, where they use four to two training for the lifestyle clients. I don't know kidding. Let's cool. Yeah. Yeah. There's, I did a seminar at one of them in Indiana, like right after the Arnold. Okay. And yeah, so they have, it's funny. It was kind of kind of fun. They've got several trainers there, a couple of them. They do a three, three times a week. They use the family man plan. Basically. Yeah. Yeah. So like Mondays, heavy legs, light upper body, Wednesdays, heavy upper body, light legs, and then Friday is muscle rounds full body. They just train that way three times a week. And they love it. It's like, because every day it's like, it's like, oh, God, I got the same old shit again, you know. Yeah. And they're really enjoyable. And so they keep on doing that. But it's hard, these guys like to train hard too. They're a lot of fun to be with. We ran a few of the ringer a little bit there at the end of the seminar I did. So they enjoyed it, you know, and that's, so that's the main thing. I think it's funny, like, initially, you don't want to, you have to ride that line with especially people who are in that, who are in this disease state who are coming in and you're asking them. Okay. So you don't, I mean, you don't have to take insulin right now. You're just being told by your doctor that your glucose levels are too high. Yeah. So that's not like putting the fear of God in you, quite you. It's not like you're seeing like people like, you know, just, you know, dropping like flies around you from type two diabetes. But so there's no like immediate reward in going and doing something to prevent a future that, you know, might only be at the diagnosis of my only impact your future 20 years from now. So like, so first you bring something into the gym and, you know, you don't want to be like that, but head trainer who wants to show your client like how hard you can push people and you just, you know, drop them. That's just like, no, that's the wrong way, though, and everyone actually has again, it'll be so rich shit probably blah blah blah. So you gotta find something that's that fits within their realm of possibilities, what they can accomplish and not feel like they've just been tortured. So like, ford it to you, training would be too much. Yeah. First of all, first of all, confusing if they've never trained before, like what the fuck are we, you can guide them through it on a day by day easily actually. It's not that hard to do. Oh, wouldn't be if you were, these are lower, yeah, these are lower, these are higher apps, you just you get on the pump sets, you're like, you watch what they do and they just make up a pump set as they go along. Simple as that muscle rounds, you can figure that out in a couple weeks. But they'll be too hard too much intensity. So, but you get them to wherever their effort level is that's maintainable in this case. And introduce variety. So like if you if I think once big on HIT and DC training, that's kind of stuff without it out, a great way to train from muscle mass. I have that built in, according to training. So they'll have some days where like, okay, we're going to do one day a week. We're going to do some heavy stuff for your legs. It's going to make your legs grow. The other days we're going to, we're going to chill with the legs. We're not going to try to beat you out, but we're going to just couple sets. Big ones and then you're done. Then you earned your bagel, whatever, you know. So, and then the rest of it, you just, but you make it fine. And keep it within those lifting parameters where they're, they're pushed a little bit. But they know they're never going to be pushed too much. And then they always can lay back so they can all regulate based on their lifestyle, what have you. And you just find their comfort zone relative to the sports structure. They have it home and with the trainers and everyone else. And then so you do you best you can. But the main thing with something like type to diabetes is it's, it's not like you fix it and you walk away. You got to find something where you can continue to keep fixing it because the resist because the insulin sensitivity will degrade and the lifestyle changes will revert. Yeah. So finding something that is sustainable is the name of the game ultimately not something that's optimal but sustainable. That does make sense. And then hey, who knows down the road? If they get into that, then maybe they'll get a little bit more intense later. It happens like right like there's, who was I talking to someone like it's when people, they quit smoking. Okay. It's like, and there's a gotta be term for this because it's the opposite of the abstinence violation effect. Okay. So the abstinence violation effect is your, your quit smoking. And then we talk about this in regards to exercise and dieting all the time. You quit smoking and then you, you violated that abstinence. And then you're like, I fuck it and you just start smoking again. Like the little thing is just one cigarette that's not like it undated the fact that you had to smoke for five months. Just one cigarette just get back on the wagon. Right. And people are like, they do that. It's, oh, this is physiological because when you're dieting down and eat a bunch of carbs you haven't been. Grayland sensitivities really high and the grain line will dry your appetite. So it's a physiological runaway train. But some of it's also probably in your head and you're like, oh shit. You know, I fucking, I don't care. I, I get a breakfast suck. It's going to be a whole cheat day and you just go to town. I'm getting burgers. I'm getting pizza, whatever. But the opposite happens and I, and I don't know what this term is. I'll maybe else to dig it up. But it's where, and you see this as well. When people, they make one, they, they don't want to live with sort of the cognitive distance of doing one very helpful, be, help behavior and not doing others that are commensurate with that. So they stop smoking. And I'm, yeah, you see this, right? It's really, you see everyone knows someone is probably multiple people. So they stop smoking and then become a health nut. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I started doing everything. You know, like they got the gut, they go over the deep end. Like, you know, it's like, I'm eating nothing but nuts and lettuce. You see that in recovery people who get to alcohol and drug recovery, you know, and that gets pretty extreme, you know, at times. Yeah. Like the absence of all this is kind of drug recovery. Perhaps there's a lot of the behavior. I mean, not a lot of it. But some, some portion of the, um, health behavior literature is based on, you know, people who do bury unhealthy behaviors because there's good reason to study them. Okay. You know, it's like if you have someone who's 25 and has no, you know, immediate health concerns that's going to cause them to maybe not be around in a few months. Yeah. You know, because because they're not an addict on the street and checking shit, that kind of thing, it's hard to get money to study those things, which have long-term health outcomes. We're about, in so many ways, immediate, you know, tell me how it can help right now. Yeah. Um, but so another model that's, well, that's, that's relevant, I think, is people who are who have pretty severe eating disorders, or they have drug addictions, or they have really abrant behavior. And it's a model for, you know, less abrant behavior, but it's still a model for human behavior. So it can be applied, I think, even if, you know, the direct studies aren't there. So I think it's, you know, useful guiding information, at least to figure out. So yeah, like if someone like, they start doing that and then like, well, I think I love, you know, I love that. And when I work out, I go over and I get the, you know, the smoothie, yet whatever smoothie keying has got this that and it's got spirulina and all the good, like, you know, super juices that are hot on the presses at the time. And they do that. So like, that's so treat to themselves. But look at all of us, I think, you know, I did a podcast to a while ago with the guys from cerebral entertainment and. Oh, good. Yeah. I may have asked you, we talked about this. Okay. Well, maybe I sent them to you. We, they, they listened to B and R. But, about a billion years radio and then they expanded listening to devices from there. And then they kind of, they grew. But, what, one of the things we talked about, I had been in there a few times. We did look a three-part show about exercise about training for people that were newer. And here's the mindset that I had with it was that I thought, okay, let's talk about training in one segment. Let's talk about diet and another segment. And then let's talk about like, wrap it all together plus supplementation in the third segment. And I thought, well, what should I do first? And then I thought to myself, I feel like training is what comes first. I think this, what you're telling me, it's like, this is, I think everybody really. It's like, you start exercising and then you start thinking to yourself, like, we'll shit. If I exercise, I want to eat something healthy that will help me be better at this. You know, and then in the, you know, I think everybody who's on the right. Everybody who's on like the six meal a day plan, eating clean, didn't start doing that and then exercising. You know what I mean? Like we got healthy because we fell in love with lifting weights. Like it all goes back, I think, to the exercise first. For us without it out, there are people, I know people who have really, really, very specific, helpful diets. At least there are opinions that, but they've chosen the healthiest diet, but they don't exercise very much. It's not very strong. I've seen that. Yeah, I have seen that too. But I feel like everybody who lifts weights started with weights and then went to diet. You know, yeah, it just doesn't, it just doesn't like make any sense. It's kind of like, like, buying a luxury vehicle and then, you know, you just like, you go to the McDonald's dry. It was in each of burgers and throw the rappers on the floor. It's like, that's a frigging jag war. Why do you have French fries on the floor board? Like, yeah, still ain't. You know, so like this doesn't make sense. You kind of go in one direction. It's just, it's nice that that happens. But you want to play on that and even reinforce it, I think. Yeah. You know, in a way that, so it's not, so it's not adding to, because there's a certain load that you do carry when you start behaviors like this. You know, there's, there are still barriers to action. There are still, still, some things that can get in the way. But you know, I just really want to go to the gym today or think I should or, you know, it's getting late or it's cold or what have you. So if then you start, you know, adding all, then you set the bar for yourself. It's pretty high. It's like, so, you know, shit. If I can't eat right, it should even be trained as it makes any difference. You see, this one too. So like, you start eating perfectly and timing counting all your meals and you get a six pack bags and you're doing all the, you're completely transformed and all of a sudden, like, some of those things break down. And then because you're, then people will feel like, well, since I can't carry the full load of doing all those things correctly, then fuck the rest of it. Yeah. Then you create an absence of it. Then you build a deck of cards or house of cards for yourself. You're not going out. Well, house comes tumbling down. So the idea, I think, would be is that those, those other behaviors that come in after the training are reinforcing, not adding to the burden that potentially could bring the house of cards down, but rather making the training more fun, and more enjoyable and integrating it all together in a way that all helps helps itself. So the training means I get to eat in the ways I like to eat and when I eat those eat well, I get to, I can train harder and I feel better. And the two things reinforce one another and a positive way. So, so, even if one thing falls away, then you're like, instead of saying, oh, fuck it. It's like, oh, man, I got my diet still crappy and I just feel sluggish and work my workouts. So I like to train. Fuck this. I'm going to start eating good again. Yeah. You want to, you want to, you re-correct the correct balance of those things. You've all that you put together to, for the sort of symbiotic relationship with your lifestyle that you want to have. So that's kind of the way I think the couch at all. But if you start pushing things on someone, it won't happen that way. It has to sort of come about organically or maybe through the guidance of a coach or trainer says, you know, This would be a great thing to have afterwards. Oh, my God. I love the strawberry shakes. They have over there. And that's a great thing for you because of blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Anyway, I got to, let's see if we can squeeze one more in here. This is from Clint Schover and he says, What would cause RBC hemoglobin hematocrit and protein to be low? Protein is down from 6.7 to 6. hematocrit is 39. He's running test at 1,000 milligrams in these six weeks into that. I wish my hematocrit would get lower on 1,000 milligrams of test. How I wish we would get lower on 500. Should I, I got a question myself, should I up my test from 600 to 1000 to lower my hematocrit? Because I feel too dead. I'm going to jump on that today. Let me some one read this question. He doesn't Clint. Do you have, um, what was your hematocrit beforehand? 39 is, he says it's down though. No, he just, what would cause those things to be low? The protein went down. The hematocrit just gave me a value for it. Yeah. And that's 6.7 to 6. I wouldn't say that's probably, especially notable, that could be within measurement error. Okay. That's, I would, I would wait to see, I mean, the red blood cells have, um, a life cycle that's, I think around 90 days people usually talk about. Okay. If he were low, if he were, just 1000 for 6 weeks, just about now things should be climbing up. So if he were hypogonaddle and he started, um, the gram of test week. And because he's like, fuck it, I feel like shit. It may take some time before the hematocrit starts to raise. We said, um, he said he used to be at, well, 48. And now I can't be hematocrit. Can't be 48. Oh, yeah. I guess it could be 48 hematocrit sure. And that would be, and so he's down to 39. It drops 9 points. It could be his bunk test too. I wonder, I wonder. Yeah. Dr. Dean St. Marks has had beholidays, guys. Yeah. Dr. Dean, that would be a good question for him. I mean, this, I'm trying to think of any, like, non-genetic, based, I mean, like, yeah. There's me, and during testing, it's could get foot strike come alicis. Another clip popped up, where, you know, they, like, because they're doing so much running in the feeder pounding on the ground that they end up rupturing red blood cells that can reduce. Wow. But I don't think that's it. He just popped up. I saw his avatar, he was a big dude. He's a big dude. Yeah, he's a really big dude. He's like he's in a thousand milligrams of test. This is, that's a cruise for, for Clint. Yes. Um, Laura Montana. I think it's really beautiful out there. Anyway, uh, can you stock in him right now? So what's going on here? No, I, I, I just, I see his, um, with pops up when I, when I hover above his avatar, or he's, yeah, he doesn't want to Laura high school. Laura Montana. Um, shout out to Laura high school. Yeah. I don't know what that is. I don't know where that, but Laura Montana. Yeah, I just, I think, I think I've been through there. But, one of my journeys. That's a good question Clint. I mean, I would, um, the chemical exposure is something, possibly he works at a refinery. Huh. That's what it says. That's bad. I would, yeah, I would go, I would probably go and see the dock. Unless, you know, it used to be 48, unless he, I mean, it could, it could, it'll be a bonk testing. So here's a situation. If Clint and I'm not saying you were, weren't doing this, but if you were on a full-blown cycle, and some guys do this, not saying he does it doesn't. Some guys cruise on a gram. Yeah. You know, like literally like they, or they will, you know, or 500, or what have you. So they, they take all the other extra goodies out and they run, and I've actually, not thinking back to think of several people that have said they kind of do this thing. So, so they're sticking with the gram, like that sort of base. Um, because they don't want to go all the way down to a 2HRT. They just, they've come to this place and it's how they do it. So they add things on deck or EQ or what have you on top of that, and they come back to a gram. So it could, if it, if it, if it's, here's a possible scenario, you don't have to confirm with the knife, this, but, it all, but, you know, maybe if you were on something bigger than that beforehand, and then you came off and started a new kind of test. Um, maybe that test is bunk, and you're not losing, you're not feeling too much as far as the hematicric goes, um, because you've still got the residual effects of all the other stuff that was once in your system. And now it's starting to come out. But 39 is low, and it could, I mean, you can get, you can get hemals at the blood test, too. You know, that can, that can throw things off. Yeah. You can get a bad, you can get a bad full bottomist who makes an error with the turn of get. Yeah. You can also retest it. Probably wouldn't be a bad idea. I would definitely retest, you know, if you, you've got a doctor that, that takes care of you. See what he or she thinks about some other tests that you can look into, because, you know, that's a, that's a, that's a, if that's accurate, it's a big drop. Yeah, right. That's getting pretty low. And I could use to learn how you did that. So teach me your way. Let's do much though. You don't want to go that low. I'll take half of that. It couldn't, you know, what your hemoglobin was. He says, um, he did add to go back to the doctor. I started taking iron a month ago to see if that would help. This was the second test that was low. Damn. So he's done it twice. I would, I would make sure you're eating like red meat sources, he and based iron. That'll help. Yeah. Yeah. There's also some possibility of vitamin interference with, um, iron up takes. So check into that. Yeah. He unarelated note. Can I ask you your thoughts on an, um, an ocetal for, lowering hematocrit. Um, I started using this, um, maybe about six weeks ago now and I haven't been tested since. Um, but I, from what I understand, it can, it can lower a few points from what Dante had said. It, it can be helpful to lower it maybe two three points for somebody that's on T RT, but for somebody on cycle that's not going to be, like, a, a massive drop. Do you have any, uh, thing to add to that? Yeah. Is it IP six and osmosis, six spots? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. So it's a, it's a iron keylating supplement. So what it basically does is prevent iron absorption. Okay. So you're, the idea, it's, as I understand, like, it's a pretty simple thing. You're just, just depriving your body of iron. Okay. As essential material for producing hem in the red blood cells. So you're basically just saying, you know, we don't want to make the, the bricks that are, um, you're red blood cells. Well, we're not going to provide the cement that's the, okay. Those bricks just like the, like the hem being the, anologist or the iron being anologist of the cement. So when you've got a badass supercharged brick making machine in place when you're super supplementing, it may not fucking matter. It's like they can make bricks no matter what. We got a little figure out a way. I'm really good at making bricks. Yeah. Yeah. You're too high. Okay. Yeah. So, you know, there's synergy and the potential that things could be somewhat additive. Do. You know, so that, I don't think it's going to hurt you unless you, like end up being iron deficient. Yeah. So check your fair and then that kind of thing. You know, make sure your iron status is good in the blood. Okay. And, but, you know, if you do some of the other things that you may have in mind, you know, like donating that kind of stuff, then it'll mean you just got a little bit, get a little bit from pull from the various possibilities and use them all in reasonable amounts, you know. Yeah. So, but I wouldn't like start, you know, pouring a half a cup of IP6 into your breakfast coffee. Yeah. Got a right down mixer right here. There you go. Nice. All right. We're about out of time here. It's good to see you again Scott. It's been a little while. Yeah. Likewise, man. I'm so glad I'm back on Facebook again. I was like, just like, showing me the Facebook. Yeah. No, I'm starting. It's nice to see people with funny. I just, I added like, maybe you're asked requested like, cry 100 people today. I just went on there and just started, you know, clicking all the ones. So there wasn't any like, if you didn't get added, it's just because I just went through the list that it suggested to me. Right. Right. I added like the people that I recognize essentially. We only get a profile picture up yet. I did. So I first went. I went to go to my phone. It would kept on referring me back to the hackers. Yeah. You know. Yeah. So I'm like, so I take in Facebook off my phone. And I was doing some other things. I'm going to go get some load Facebook on, log on. And I don't know that my, um, because what I did, like, because Facebook, I'm going to just leave Facebook out is like, I just use the, just the apple, the max suggested, um, strong password, which is a series of dashes and like, you'll never remember. Yeah. That I'll never. That I don't plan on remembering. Yeah. And, you know, that way there's no password and then we use anywhere else that anyone can make use of. So I'm going to start using those for like, because I get up. You set, you set, you register places all the time. Yeah. Just forgetting the packages. You might order one thing and, and I, you know, I'm going to start using those generic passwords because if I, if I don't have a membership at some place or order something from two years, I think it'll be okay. Yeah. Right. But anyway, so it took me while to get on there and then I did add a picture. Oh, okay. Good. Yeah. And I did it to my phone. I just like whatever. I just want to because when people are like who the hell is this? Like there's no profile picture. That's obviously, you know, fake account. Right. Exactly. You and me. Yeah. And it just wouldn't load it for people who are wanting why Scott's asking it wouldn't load. I made the, um, I made the account and I literally I click upload. It would just, you know, spin, spin, spin. Yeah. So Facebook, um, what to deal is. I have one more question for you. Yeah. Do you plan to make any new year's resolutions? All right. The thought had not crossed my mind one time actually. No. No. Well, because I'm constantly in a state of trying to re-engineer my worldview and my perspective on life to make it as, as, as, rewarding and growth promoting and creative and authentic and loving as I possible to can. Like that's my daily grind. Yeah. Is to, is to give expression to a better version of me in any way I can. So, I mean, I, I, I could maybe come up with one that's sort of like, you know, sort of long-term plan because it's nice to make plans and like, can make yourself to something but. Yeah. That's a really good question. And I've also had some things I want to have happened that I could talk about, but that would take us way off. Okay. Okay. I was just wondering. I try to make a few every year, but I don't just do it like, buy new years and new years day I set this, but I am making a list of things that I want to do. One of them is build a website for my coaching because I've never built a website for my coaching. Simple, you know, but I do a lot of other stuff that I've always just put it off and I've never needed to just, you know, word them off referrals and stuff have worked out great, but I think I should, you know, I want to have a website. So, keep it simple, something easy to a splash page of sorts, you know. If you like, it's very easy to do. You may even be part of whoever you have hosts, whatever I S.P. Yeah. I use my B.B. It's an open source, a bulletin board like B.B. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I can give you access to money, you can check out it's got, but it's basically fully functional. It does everything that I might be be which cost like $800 or $1,000 a year does, but it's free. Okay. And you can download that. Here's how I do my online clients and you, this is, I got, I stole this from Can Hill. Okay. Because it's, it's, it's, it works great. So you have your open board, your forum, people can ask questions. And I, for, for it's worth, I have, I have free Q&A like every day on my discussion board for anyone about the quarter to two training book. Okay. By the book, if you happen to read the email that you get with purchase, it tells you this. People just don't take advantage of it for whatever reason. So, so there's a discussion board with all the forums and all kinds of like intense muscle, professional muscle, all the, you know, devices for them. And then I have a totally invisible forum unless you are a client. Yeah. And when I do my intake, they fill out a forum and it's launches a thread in that forum that only that person, my client and myself can see. That is cool. Yeah. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. It's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, no one else sees that you can go to that forum, the clients forum as a client. All you see is your thread. Right. Right. And whatever stickies are there. But I see all the threads. And you can get notifications just like you can all that kind of stuff. If they message you, you get an notification on your phone and your email, you go and you check it and you respond. You can post your pictures. It's all there. Then you can go back and look like Jordan for instance at one point in time when we work together there. He told me like, this is maybe a year ago. That he went back and looked at one of our times working together. It was like three years previous to that. No kidding. It's cool. Yeah. Because it still has access to it. Yeah. So it's very cool. And he said he was like, man, I just saw some things that I hadn't been doing. Now. And like he did this all on his own. Yeah. He always, you know, trying to make himself better. And he's like, yeah, and that was phenomenal. It was just so amazing. Like he now has having coaches when he people as he has. Yeah. And he's like, back on that and reflect on it. That was like a just you we just worked that perfectly. Right. It's funny that like down the road you can see that. Yeah. You know, but you don't know. We see that when you're newer. Right. Yeah. And down the road that you can literally like literally see that. Like you can go back and look that is cool. If I'm just the boards up. Otherwise those emails get lost. You change your email or if it's. I used to use an encrypted email. Okay. You know. And like you have so much storage space. And sometimes like, well, what let's put those, you know, those emails and, you know, store them away. So you have to reopen them on archive them and that kind of shit. This is nice. It's all right there. And it's unlimited if you have the right right amount of count. It's unlimited. So I hope you set that up. I'd set up one for Dave Henry's page where he's where he coaches people. Okay. Yeah. I'd love to talk to you about that more. Yeah. And anyone else like just people know that it's a very simple way to do it. My BB. So. So I'm going to go to the website, go over to fortitudetraining.net. As well as be why OBB coach.com. And thanks for watching guys. As I mentioned in the beginning, if you haven't subscribed, we'd love to have you over at the YouTube page. A bunch of podcasts coming out each week. Scott, as always, man, it's been a pleasure. Yes, happy New Year. Do something fun, safe. And something maybe you've never done before. And let us know what it is if you so choose. Thank you.