We're so focused on my favorite protein and our protein needs meeting that needs, but everything else is adapting alongside it. Our tenants need to get stronger, all the connected tissue in the belly of the muscle and the organ that is the muscle or bones need to get stronger, growths are on one helps with all those things. It's going to up with stability with the entire muscular scale system. That's beneficial. I think personally, my big theory with why people tend to grow better at a lot of times with in terms of muscle mass with growth hormone is that it stays off the body fat gains that they would otherwise get that might slow them down just because I'm getting too fat or psychological, they don't want to or simply that they can eat more and have more animal-like drive coming from the incoming food, but at the same time have a better heat ratio, so more muscle mass relative to the body fat. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Barry and myself Scott McNeillie and we are joined by Scott Stevenson. What's up Scott? I'm here baby. We're pretty good. Hell yeah. Guys, I'm not a problem talking about. I have no I have no I have to in a rarery anything for today, but that's good. That's a good. That's a good thing for the show. All our programming guys is brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Use our code, thank for additional savings. We have the have high quality third party tested supplements that are company that you can trust. They're company that all four of us have trusted for literally over decades now. You can go to supplementsourst.ca if you're in Canada and you can get great deals on various products over there as well. So definitely check them out for our Canadians. And of course we're brought to you by Patreon. Skip. Take the wheel here man. It was your thought that we'd bring Scott on and that we'd basically just pick his brain. And I know you need some topic ideas. Exactly. And the topic was difficult to specifically come up with because there are just random things that have, I say popped into my head over the last six, eight months. But it's primarily because of the questions that I'm asked by clients and stuff like that. And sometimes there are those questions and it's funny because trainers don't like to admit this, there might be something that I'm not sure of. You know, know about this. So they just kind of positively and very arrogantly rattle off some that may or may not be true and they may believe or they don't believe. So Scott is kind of the go to guy on things like this. And I have brought it. Okay. What you're saying? No, everybody else does. And then at least at the very least, if you don't know it, you may say you don't know in your like, well, sure, almost like let's let's process this that let's, you know, workers, let's hit it from all these angles. And one of the things that has stood out to me was the, I, Andrew, I got an, on a topic or not a topic, but a discussion about IGF levels versus, well, here, I have it written here and I don't want to mess it up. IGF levels, this, here's my question. IGF levels with split doses versus bowlist doses. The effect or impact it will have on IGF levels. But here's the hang up that I have. We're talking about GH in bowlist dosing versus IGF ones. Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Yes. I'm so excited and scattered and have many and things on my brain. Thanks for Claire because you're right. It's GH dosing based on the IGF levels. And there's just that bowlist versus split dose, you know, it's kind of a, what is it? Is it an antiquated idea to think that the split dosing is so much better for lipolices versus a bowlist dose for, is it really going to matter? How much is it going to matter? And yeah, yeah, I could keep going and going. What are your thoughts on the split dose versus bowlist dose of GH? So normal GH productions like maybe two I use a day, something like that. That's inogenous production for, you know, larger person. And let's say that you're going to do like 10 I use on Monday, once they Friday, you're doing kind of the bowlist thing. The idea being that that would jack up your IGF one, more so than smaller doses spread throughout. So taking that's 30 I use over kind of six days. Let's say, instead you do five I use a day. So you do like one and a half or a little more than one and a half I use three times a day. Spread it out. If you hit those 10 I use those are going to, that GH is going to be up and out in about eight hours. So you did that in the morning. It's, you know, if you do to eight o'clock, it's pretty much by dinner time. You've got no light policies being driven by the GH. Now if you take one and a half I use or so and then you get yourself up to about five I use a day. You're, you know, two and a half times inogenous production. So you're driving GH light pot, base light policies all day long. If you're spreading those out every hour is roughly or substantially. So that's kind of the the pharmaco kinetic idea of spreading the doses out for better like policies. And I'm, do I remember back in the intense muscle days we were talking about this like you was five, 15 years ago and trying to figure out like wildwood work and I just like maybe I didn't come up with the idea. But it was an idea that I had that by probably took from someone else. But that's kind of what I was thinking is that the higher doses. Because that's that's the thing unless you've got unless you've got acrolegly you've got a patouette Terry tumor and add no money for two to each every you've got giant GH output. 10 I use is way above what you're going to get. Um, at least over that prolonged eight hour period you can get pretty high spikes of GH. But they come, they, they rise and they fall pretty rapidly. So maybe your hack in the system with the big dose and that would be something that would produce the elevated levels of IGF one more so then the same equivalent dose spread out over the same period of time. But in the microdosing of smaller doses. So I don't know the thing that's interesting and I'll let you interject. But um, the internet we're just talking about a situation where someone was had just crazy IGF one response. These guys know about it because. And they backtrack just one sec because when skips started this segment, you know, talking about like coaches like to pretend like they know everything and appear all knowing in front of the clients. And I just want to say like as as a coach been doing this for years. When I don't know something I reach out to my friend groups like Scott. Yeah, I reach out to you about this. I reach out to Scott and skip about about the GH question. Just see, hey, if you guys seen this before, maybe you guys don't know but have you seen something like this before. And I've other groups that you know, uh, I'll rely on too. You know, like Chris Tuddle is a good friend of mine. We share ideas back and forth. And that's what I kind of think of it as a share in ideas, you know, because we all have general knowledge about what we're talking about. Maybe not as specific as the very particular case. But maybe one of our colleagues has seen something and has picked something up along the way that does, you know, fit that niche answer that we're looking for. Right. But um, go back to what Scott Stevenson was just saying about it because I know this person would mind me talking about it. I'm not going to name them, but um, I had a client who I used to work with and he came back after a year and a half. And I don't recall, um, his IGF ever being very high before because it wasn't, um, because we did look back, uh, subsequently. But um, his IGF came back at, uh, 821. I believe it was, which for those who don't very familiar, like that's off the charts, right? Like, like, you know, you're really good at the new range. Yeah. Like, you know, you got some good growth if you're in the fours, you know, high threes, fours. You, if your IGF levels are sitting there, you're like, okay, I'm on some real good stuff. When you see 800, like my jaw drop when I saw that and I was like, this can't be real. But anyway, my plan for him after, you know, talking to Scott Stevenson about this extensively. And we had two hour conversation between two different calls, looking at research papers and, and, you know, going over acromegally cases, etc. Um, we decided pull his GH out and let's see, you know, what, what, what is IGF levels are, you know, naturally. Because we need to find out, hey, does he have a tumor? And is this something that he needs medical attention for, you know, or does he just have some really good stuff? And is he a really good responder? And we got the results back yesterday or day before. And his natural results came back at like 273, 274. So the Ciroly find range. In range, yeah. So the Ciroly find range of, okay, cool. Like, I don't have a client that has a tumor that needs medical care. But also, dude, you got some really good stuff, give me that source. Like, I have a double hand here. But anyway, I just want to interject the facts about it. Yeah. So, but the, he's, he's someone who, you know, is, I would say definitely is a responder in terms of IGF production. And I would imagine, I mean, I could totally imagine their situations where some people are more so responders in terms of lipolysis. It seems, and this is total anecdotal, that the people who, can you probably see this too? Can the people who, and, oh, you guys probably seen this. The people who respond really well to GH, they get all the good stuff and they also will tend to get the facial feature changes. And the, the nose, you know, sort of the bulbous nose. Sometimes I've seen some peaked ears. Yeah. Sometimes it happened people get the cartilage changes. So, that tells me, it suggests to me at least that a lot of tissues, the adipose tissues, adipose is technically connected tissue, actually. So, the connected tissues are responsible or, are responsive to the GH sort of, and all kinds, all sorts, not just the adipose. But, when do we back to that? Because there's a good question. And then I'll, I'll throw this last thing out here. Just kind of, it was kind of the C-sha's question, but Chase Irons is like, what about 18 I use every day? Yeah, okay. Well, then, then you're max, then you're maxing out everything, right? But if you've got limited funds and limited GH, it does just form a a kinetic perspective. It makes sense to spread it out because the levels will come back down in terms of GH, and it's effects on fat loss. But what I, what I don't know is what a dose response would look like if you're in since you took, you know, a host of subjects in and gave them two I use, five I use, 10 I use, 15 I use, for, you know, you're not going to get much of an IGF response, just for the single dose. But if you try those different kind of ball-less related protocols, the same dose, or repair at a time, less frequently higher amounts versus more frequently lower amounts, what would happen in terms of IGF1. That was, that was the guess because a lot of people were finding that for whatever reason, they seemed to bulk better with the ballless doses, and maybe they just got more water retention, you know, and that helped to some degree, or that, or maybe just shifted, there could be a bunch of psychological placebo-based effects there. But that's the part that I don't know because you're not going to see researchers getting money to test those sorts of things with those super high doses of GH. So anyway, you had a couple of things, at least a few thoughts on your head, skip. But yeah, I always do. In fact, too many, so when you guys are able to speak longer, it allows my brain to filter through what's important and what is it. But, sorry, I appreciate that. What I'm wondering is this, and it's something that, again, this is one of those things that we can't really, there is no science yet, or we're not to the point where we can say matter, faculty, and a lot of these answers are black and white, I completely understand it. But for the sake conversation, if the hypothesis, well, first, we can't really separate, and correct me if I'm wrong. If you guys feel differently, correct me if I'm wrong. Because again, I'm thinking out loud here, and this is why I wanted to do this segment, to just be able to kind of bounce things off each other. How do we separate, or can we? Because I don't, I don't think we can. The impact of lipolices from GHUs, with the impact of gaining muscle or getting bigger, they're, if we're responsive to GH, and we have higher IGF levels that are a super-physiological. They're higher than we need, and we're a good responder for that reason, from a hormone standpoint, from an IGF standpoint, then I don't see the dosing. It's either effective with your dosing, or it's not effective with your dosing versus, and I think you gave a great answer for bolus versus more split dosing. Logically, that makes sense. I like things that are logical and sense- going, and it makes sense. But yeah, I could still see on the other side, the bolus that, what I couldn't latch on to was this. I, and I'll admit it. I'm just going to be completely transparent, and this always feeds the trolls, so they love me when I do this. But I didn't know that IGF levels don't fluctuate very. I didn't think that they radically fluctuated, but that they didn't really fluctuate. And the reason is, I'm trying to attach that bolus versus the split dos, with the fact that the IGF levels don't, it's something that we talked about, Scott, a while back, like years ago, intense muscle days, where changing the dose of GH to intermuscular versus subcure would spike IGF levels higher, but shorter. So my brain latched onto that, I'm like, well, there is that difference that difference, there can be those differences. But I think what my brain latched onto was, they aren't as dramatic, they're subtle, take the wheel. I mean, does that, is any of what I'm saying? Yeah, I can't, but one thing, I don't know, the pharmacokinetics, so the half life and the profile you get for growth hormone, it doesn't vary, it varies a little bit depending on the formulation, but it doesn't vary much whether it's IM or subcure, as far as I know, that's different for insulin, insulin's a different story, but I haven't also seen what happens if you inject into an active muscle, right, and then go train. So that probably, that would change it, I would guessing, but I haven't seen that study. When you talk about insulin, when you ask, uh, insulin that's the case, but with growth hormone, you, I think you mentioned comparing subcure versus IM on growth hormone, and have, and I don't think that the profile changes, the pharmacokinetic profile that how fast it comes up and how the capacity comes down in regards to GH. I don't want you to move away yet, I have one more thing on the stop because I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, let me finish my thought, I've got, I've got some more on this, so the, since she thing is, is that we have to remember, sorry, I was looking something up here and get back to you guys, um, that, so growth hormone has, has roles during growth in development, um, where it's, it's stimulating people talking about growth and high-perplasia and all this kind of stuff. It's doing those sorts of things in developing muscle, whether it has a role in high-perplasia in the context of someone producing more muscle cells who is an adult human, that sort of thing can happen. It's been demonstrated in an animal models, whether someone's on super physiological growth hormone, if that would, if that would tend to cause that to happen, I don't know. But, but growth hormone for a growing individual, this is why they're giving a divorce, you don't have enough growth hormone. It has growth effects and some of those are mediated by IGF1, and that's why that's been studied in that context. But growth hormone for adult, I mean, you don't see bodybuilders say, oh my god, that guy's obviously a viewing growth hormone, he's nine feet tall, right? You don't, people aren't getting any, any, any taller, or their bones aren't growing, they're getting the cartilage effects. So we've got different roles of those hormones as adults, so to speak. So growth hormone, then, like, producing exercise, I remember there was one, I don't say who it is, but someone was claiming, I don't need any food after your exercise, so you don't miss out on that growth hormone spike that you get, right? Because you can go high-pulgalicemia, see me, that'll cause a growth hormone spike, you go to sleep, that'll cause a growth hormone spike, blah, blah, blah. So the IGF1, what we're kind of doing with this, when you're taking someone, this is why I, this is why I had that suspicion that the bolus doses might be better for producing IGF1 is because growth hormone usually doesn't get very high, but if we get through some threshold for growth hormone, and you're going to more like to get that with prolonged elevation that comes from an injection, that might be more something that's beyond that threshold for triggering more IGF1 production in the liver. And actually there's IGF1 production being produced locally in in front of the muscle cells and bone cells too, so that's the whole other story. I got an hour and a half, but that's what I was doing with that. Yeah, okay, so we can talk about all that. So, but we're using growth hormone as as bodybuilders and we're going above just a couple I use a day in a super physiological context. And I think the further we go super physiological, the more likely we're going to be able to then exploit that it's called the somata-medin hypothesis. I'd grow hormones stimulates IGF1 and an IGF1 would do most of the work of growth hormone. You know, that's not really true and it's not that direct, poor model access. There's growth hormone acting directly and growth hormone treating the IGF1 production locally and then the IGF1 is delivered doing its deal, so it's much more complicated, but we're kind of going outside the normal physiology of an adult human when you're putting in 10 I use the growth hormone today, for instance. And we have that mechanism to produce IGF1 that we that was important is definitely important during growth and development when we're in infant hood and youth, et cetera, et cetera, before we become fully fully formed, so to speak, as adults. And we've growth place of fusion all that kind of jazz. So the other thing with growth hormone, IGF1, it's kind of interesting like in the normal state, you can bring that down, you can. I thought you're going to ask, can we uncoplell IGF1 from growth hormone? And yeah, you can, you can have a situation where someone's dieted down, and this is what you're probably going to remember this, can, maybe you guys do Scott and Andrew. If you wanted to get a growth hormone prescription, you'd diet yourself down into a oblivion and your IGF1 will drop. And that is the surrogate for low GH and then you could get a GH prescription because obviously your IGF1 is low and you don't have to grow hormone, but your IGF1 will go low if your hypogonaddle or if your hypocoloric sort of speak if you're not eating a food if you're starving yourself. So you could have someone who's and this is a potential possibility when people do that 10 IU standardize, see if my growth hormone is or it's just not that not that test when they take their IGF1 levels before a diet and then eight weeks into a dasturly diet and they take their, I start taking their GH the same time it's like well the GH raises your IGF1, it would but you're dieting so hard that your IGF1 will go down and if those tends on how much gear that person's on, but there's so much variability there that the elevation of IGF1 from the growth hormone could be offset by the diet. Depending on their responsiveness to the origins in terms of IGF1 and that's kind of a black box too. Yeah and that would have a pretty dramatic though right. I mean from a from a caloric standpoint to really off I don't think I don't get in correct me if you disagree or if I'm wrong but if someone is really caloricly restricted for a while then then that would probably impact or or my offset someone taking let's say this there's an as an example and I understand that this there's a ton of variables here but just to kind of put a situation with my question here. You know say we have someone who's at four I U of GH and they're coming back with pretty normal IGF levels like to the point where an Andrea knows where we're going with this to the point where we're going my wonder if this is real this probably not good GH and and you know I would think the same thing yet the GH serum gets tested after say 10 I use or a bottle and it comes out that it's good. So the diet though that would that it would take or the caloric intake caloric intake versus you know output obviously would would matter too but it can't really it would take a lot for the diet to offset that so then you get into the people who are essentially personally I just I'll just say this I know personally that with with no exogenous androgens and no exogenous GH I can come I've come below normal IGF one range on a block but how radical is that diet like are you I was like I was like 7% probably 7% or 8% okay I was just I was just holding that while I wasn't I was I took a couple of your break when I was in in acupuncture school okay now that was without like you know yeah that was not no GH so I just just being dieted down and being in a dieted I felt okay wasn't like oh my god I'm thinking about his eating and I was okay holding that but I was below you can diet yourself below normal range yeah that I can't but then if you put growth hormone and or even if you're on TRT and not a big cycle to end up with those average very middle of the road IGF levels then it becomes a question of the GH but then the GH comes back that it tests well from a serum standpoint so then we have what is essentially what we want to call someone who doesn't respond very well but here which leads me into my next question is it possible that well or maybe it is possible and I'm sitting over here asking it the wrong way but it's a possible that that the the benefits that we get from growth hormone the the myriad of benefits is not only related to IGF levels or IGF production itself is there anything outside of the IGF level that is beneficial from the growth hormone like the direct direct actions of growth hormone sure oh yeah okay that's right and that's what I think yeah so water what are those I mean clearly this is probably a giant arena for you but if you just had to throw a few things out like what are those benefits and kind of encapsulate that or or tie it up in a you know smaller yeah instead of the arena yeah I mean it's interesting they're like the growth hormone studies with humans don't show and effect on muscle growth there's a rat study that I pulled up where they had well that case they were they're deficient IGF one I take that back that was a different study but if you're deficient in growth hormone or you're just or you're doing high growth hormone levels doesn't seem help with muscle growth per se but it's it's going to it increases connect with tissue collagen protein production more so than what you see in myofibre their protein so it's going to help that's the thing you know we we so we're so focused on myofibre their protein and our protein needs meeting that needs but everything else is adapting alongside it so our tendons need to get stronger all the connected tissue in the belly of the muscle in the organ that is the muscle or bones need to get stronger growth hormone helps with all those things so it's going up with stability with the entire muscular skeletal system so that's beneficial I think personally my my big theory with why people tend to grow better at a lot of times with in terms of muscle mass with growth hormone is that it stays off the body fat gains that they would otherwise get that might slow them down just because I'm getting too fat or psychological age they don't want to or simply that they can eat more and have more antibiotic drive coming from the incoming food but at the same time have a better p-race of some more muscle mass relative to body fat and they can keep pushing that up so let's say they're okay and I adding their p-race it was like one third fat and two thirds muscle let's say it's half an hour that's not bad really pound a muscle or a pound a fat you can change it to two pounds muscle and one pound a fat which is dramatically different right now there's still gaining some body fat but what's happening when you grow when you put on 30 pounds and 20 of its muscle versus 30 pounds and 15 of it is muscle but 15 of its fat so 20 versus 10 and 15 versus 15 that's a that's a big difference and how you look and you're willing to keep going and it all and all that makes a huge difference so if you can if you could imagine imagine you had a supplement let's just take this sort of hypothetically for growth one of this that doesn't do jack idly for muscle mass per se it's not animal it can terms of muscle mass what whatsoever but it prevented all fat gain and it wasn't catabolic in some way and it grew hormones catabolic to fat but it's not only cathedolic to muscle tissue and you could just eat meat meat and you just couldn't get fat which is what kind of happens to some people when they when they are responders and they go on 15 I use a farm grade GH that just lets the sky's a limit man because you got nothing hold you back and then I think sometimes you get bigger and when guys put on more body fat they put on more water they can't train as hard you reach that sort of limitation when you get to Vizocaine have just gotten to sloppy I can't train the way I need to to try to push things so I have to come back down assuming the growth hormone is causing water retention contributing to that kind of an issue yeah if you got something that prevents the fat gain and and then gives you that fullness and roundness that comes with the water retention of growth hormone that's that's gold man that's a placebo like not it's like look at me I put this in in two weeks later like I've met a morphocise which is the story that you know for a thousand times post shit then you're ready to go like you want to go and then you line everything up a lot of us are like yeah I do everything perfect all the time but it makes it a hell of a lot more fun when you're seeing it you know when you're seeing this magical transformation so that's a life sort of thought that growth hormone is helpful to it's not hurting it's helping with the connected tissue the supportive structures the muscular skeletal system it's not hurting and muscle cell growth it may be having some impact on satellite cells as well because it does like I mentioned before it does induce local IGF one production which is one of the things that triggers the satellite cells into movement and those are necessary just for getting bigger muscle cells so I haven't seen I think the highest was I was like seven or eight I I use and that may have been an older men but there's so much variation too there's going to be there's responders and non-responders and pretty much every study so so it's helping everything else and it's getting for any of the fat and that's a that's a golden combination even if it's not tremendously in a ball like like testosterone would be or steroids would be let me ask you this let me can you define go ahead and because I've announced a lot of questions go because I think this one might be interesting in terms of growth factors because I remember reading studies about growth hormone exerting effects on mgf and other growth factors and having which which have a positive effect on my favorite protein accumulation I think there's like a study in 2003 that I read that was like kind of like the the big one and I was just trying to like scan through you probably like me I bookmarks of like thousands of studies and I be in an idiot I don't organize them very well one of them one of the you know labels just like gh right well that's not very specific because I got about 200 gh studies in there right but um but yeah can you speak on that and because I remember walking away being like okay so this is actually one of the direct ways that it does stimulate growth inadvertently I guess directly but inadvertently through mgf so when you're looking at those studies and for people who are listening I use end note to organize all my references I have like 12,000 or something like that in there helps helps really really nicely I got folders and folders and folders and you can move them from folders and reorganize your leasily but here's the here's I think sort of the issue that a lot of people have and they're looking at the studies if is if you're looking at growth hormone during development it's going to it's helpful with the development of muscles and muscle mass right so it's going to have a factors on those effects on those growth factors the question that is a little bit different is what impact is going to have on those growth factors in the context of resistance training as stiff turning on muscle growth hyperplasia hypertrophy so the animal the animal research is really kind of bizarre like I just mentioned there's a study where they did the labored ladder climbing with rodents so they have the climb up a ladder kind of like doing you know sort of lunges what they put a backpack on them they get pretty good muscle growth in the calf and these animals were like they had only like 20% of normal IGF1 it did make a difference it had no effect the most extreme animal model um aside from the hanging the quail studies where they hang the weight is the compensatory hypertrophy model which I talk about at nauseam home time on my podcast was got and that's where they study the calf and they'll take out like the solius or the take out the plantarus or the gastrogramus and they'll lead the rest of the muscles in one or two of the three um triceps or we some humans have a plantarus that's the that's the hidden calf muscle that if you don't talk about it's between the solius and the gastrocc some people have one some people have two let's see their bigger smaller anyway it's bigger and rats so they can do studies they'll take like let's say they take the solius and plantarus out and the have is the gastroph and the animal limp around for a while and then it walks normally and that thing will grow like crazy it'll grow to be 50 a hundred percent bigger than it was previously a compensates its compensatory hypertrophy and you're like okay shit that's pretty cool so then they've done studies so what's contributing that what's you know what is necessary what's driving that and they've done studies where they where they castrate the animals so there's no testosterone it doesn't make a difference it grows just the same and then they do studies where they they give the rodents stripped asodicin and it poisons the pancreas and they have no insulin right doesn't make a difference they grow the same and then they take out the thyroid hormone and doesn't make a difference they grow the same and they'll just take out the entire pituitary so they got they got no no um no testosterone they got no thyroid they got no growth hormone they got zilch and it grows the same so that points to the eye to the tension is the most important thing so it's hard to look at the animal studies and say ah yeah like you know we see the growth hormone does this in terms of these growth factors in terms of growing muscle and you've got these studies like where they remove IGF one they have a model where there's where factors are missing and you still get growth so there's so many redundancies it's hard to say what's actually necessary what I think kind of we're doing with body with human body builders is you've got all these switches all these levers you can press the turn on muscle growth right and they and they do help and then animal model when you move those things that's just a tremendous model of muscle growth that's the type of tension you know you can't get people to do no one's going to volunteer to you know they take my gastroivest help big my solely as grows um yeah and I can do that shit but if you just have all these switches and you turn if you turn them all on you turn on growth hormone you turn off i turn on IGF one bigger steep was on you guys talked about his IGF one experiment it was worked like crazy right so those things can be additive depending on the person and the thing is is that those are all pretty much like this is the crazy thing about engines really is that average males produce in like 10 milligrams just a stoner on a day right like true tr to you be like 100 milligrams a week so 70 milligrams just a stoner on in your 100 milligrams but just a stoner on sip and then maybe 200 gets you like roughly in range so you think if we think about the body working around these hormones if through that vital right in some homostatic fashion you go away above that you've got you know a little bit above that and body's going to try to re-regulate things and it does do that of course and if you go below that you try to re-regulate things but but the system for whatever reason can be hacked thank god because this is what we want to do as body builders and you get more when you go to 500 milligrams which is five times production the system is and meant to regulate around that it's like a loophole in the system that we're hacking and then when you go to from 500 milligrams to 1,000 milligrams you get even more and that's 10 times what the system would normally it be used to working with it's way outside physiological range so and then when you take growth hormone and you put it in 10 I use five times it's you're not what you're doing is we're hacking those systems so that's important in the normal physiological scenario of a natural person trying to make muscle gains isn't really as irrelevant because we're pushing the system so far outside of the normal physiological range and just making use the fact that those it doesn't have like you know some sort of way to block that excess stimulation because in most cases in animals that have like a tumor like that they would never reproduce you know evolution would have we did them out so you wouldn't have you know there wasn't like a tribe of giants with acrimagally who had diabetes and and all their issues because you know I don't know how they have fertility problems but they don't live very long at all so super elevations of growth hormone super elevations of IGF1 you're looking at probably cancer issues like all these all these things we're hacking as bodybuilders are things that that would never have evolved and they haven't because we regulate around much lower levels of all those hormones that we're exploiting now so anyway answer questions it's kind of hard to know yeah definitely growth hormone turns on growth factor production IGF1 MGMF those sorts of things I have a figure in that that talked that it for John site a few months back now and you would think yeah it does this that and the other but then when you test it you know at the smaller amounts you don't see this magnificent effect and some people use growth hormone at least on muscle growth so that's why I think growth hormone is helping more with fat keeping the state in the fat off and allowing people to push the other levers push the food push the training and not get fat and that's that's definitely win so that was a long dive did I answer your question kind of Andrew who's getting it? Skip did you have a did you have another topic I know you had kind of a few of them lined up yeah I had a well like I said the questions turn into topics yeah yeah hey what's up guys I have a lot of people who reach out to man a regular basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals one of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein and there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day but we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers uh training nutrition has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate if you don't tolerate lactose then you can use their beef isolate or you can use their pea protein isolate if you don't eat animal products I literally have everything you think of I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us and they they never went out of their way to say like hey we want to promote our stuff through you I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in and at the end of the day I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible so if you use our code thank you Trinitrition you'll get some savings you'll help to support our programming and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster you know I had a head one and and this wasn't even specifically for Scott but I like the concept of this because it's something that I do my best thinking when I'm driving or taking a shit I don't know how you guys work but that's when my brain processes things the best it's something that came out to me it's funny because a question it's typically triggered by something that a client will ask me right so we were had just been talking about or arguing if you will about fast the topic was like fast twitch and slow twitch muscle some kind of switching gears a little bit and going from you know gear GH everything to training component but it was something that I just just occurred to me and I thought oh oh so you fast twitch and slow twitch muscle fibers I think we can all agree on that not really good yeah well and this made give you this made you a segue for you where you go oh that's what okay so fast so twitch muscle fibers it's kind of an accepted arguably antiquated way to look at it but I started thinking you know the different ways to train different you know the more explosive for fast twitch and you know the longer duration we've made the analogy of you know the marathon runner versus the spinner but how do you explain and how does that hold up when the vast majority of growth is from the negative portion of a wrap so the fast twitch in my brain the fast twitch slow twitch argument is essentially concentric it's essentially concentric the positive portion so if all that growth is in the negative I say all of it but the vast majority of it then how does that even meld or how does that how does that relate to fast and slow twitch muscle fibers it's just a while I'm driving or I thought that I had that I kind of came together and really couldn't I'm like I don't know if I can like how do I answer this how does this come together so the the fast twitch slow twitch that's that's the people still use that term it's just it's really fine no and when you can't do this in humans but people aren't really measuring twitch velocity that's sort of thing and people so much you guys still hear me yeah yeah okay good my computer is kind of freezing a bit over here so you've got new different ways you can type the fibers people use type one type twos and then the two the twos are broken on the two ways and two x's and that's based on mys and you can you can type them in various other ways too so what basically rules the roots there in terms of when those get used is this hennaman size principle so for lighter loads easier things should use the type ones first and fibers are located in motor units so in like your eyeball you might have like eight fibers per neuron so neuron and the fibers intervases a motor unit so because you've got to be able to move your eyes slowly to be a bit so you don't need a whole bunch of fibers and liking your quad it might be hundreds and hundreds of fibers connected to a particular neuron so when you start off a set let's say it's a relatively light load you're going to probably use a lot of type one motor units so all the fibers of motor unit are the same fiber type there's a neurotrophic effects of the nerve really kind of dictates what fiber the fiber type is those guys are always they have the same work history they all do the same thing when the nerve sends the thing to the all go the ones it's all the one principle so you start off your set and and we're just talk about throughout the set we'll break up in the concentric at x-centric and you're going to use type ones and some type two a some slow or threshold to see other way to to cataract the lower threshold motor units and higher threshold motor units so as things get more difficult as as the set ensues and the key increases your nervous system will do a few things it'll start turning off some of those motor units and turning on other ones and it'll go to the higher thresholds which will tend to be more so tight to's and eventually the type two x is which is the highest threshold or associate the highest or some motor units but it's going to rotate through all though so like explain this is like imagine like this side of the room we got four clusters of people you're the type ones and this sides the type two's and we start off when we use and you know a lot of the type ones you guys are all going and then things get hard I get call call some type two is in but then the type what some type ones will turn off and rest for a second the type two's will take up the load so there's this magical rotation amongst them all and the nervous system was also changing the the firing rate as the muscle faties let's call this muscle wisdom thing so it's not overly stimulating at a higher frequency the necessary so you don't get the nerve to fatigue unnecessarily and then you've got concentric x-centric and this is this is the interesting thing so when you do your concentric you need to use more fibers more motor units because you can want you produce less force on a concentric than an eccentric so you lift up a starter use more motor units and then when you come back down it's easier you have to if you have to use less motor units because the force that you get for motor unit is higher so if you left the same motor units on you lift up it would just stay there you have to turn some of them off in order to lower the weight but the force that's inherently produced in those motor units per say is higher so this is why and you said most of the I kind of liked it be honest I'm big on the idea of x-centrics being important when you compare there's a meta analysis comparing various studies where you can do concentric only training versus eccentric only training you see that x-centrics tend to be a little bit better in terms of producing muscle growth and the idea behind that would be is they produce more force so the question that the is kind of the quivocal some study say this some studies say that in the research is we've got pretty clear this venom and size principle on concentric so isometric contractions if you just hold you get the rotation and look at harder the higher threshold motor units come in you start calling in more and then finally if you're able to go pretty hard your trained person you might be able to activate all the motor units that are there you know at the very end of a maximal effort isometric contraction but on the x-centrics that same orderly process that same orderly progression from low threshold to high threshold may not quite be exactly the same so when you lower you're going to act you're going to have to turn off some of the type ones and some of the type 2s and it's hard to know which ones I have the studies are mostly like with hand muscles in this short of shit right thumb muscles they can isolate a single motor you're up neuron and see I haven't seen any studies that that that occurred to me least right now to know whether there's because of what actually because they're kind of mix whether there's preferential type 2s used on the x-centrics some suggest that and then some suggest that there isn't preferential type 2s or type 1s so the x-centrics are going to be when you do like say it's a max so I can do a max effort concentric you like just barely get it up and then you can do a negative with that thing you know and if someone lifted it all the way up for you you could probably do four or five negatives on most exercises if you were willing enable they can take individuals and just do x-centrics like on a knee extension with machine that will do that and do 20 max effort x-centrics all that you can possibly give and show like 10 percent fatigue you would never see that in gym you'd have to have someone who's going to lift the weight for you every time yeah when we could do muscle-sourna studies we take like a one-ret max and do eight sets of 10 x-centrics only but if the max load they can lift but you can lower the hell out of that thing yeah so because the energetic cost is so little for those x-centrics so the thing that kind of and this is my idea that has been kind of mentioned in the and the I think this totally fox up our interpretation of research in a very generalized way is that let's say like you kind of suggested can that x-centrics are better their better stimulus for muscle growth right which would make sense if you just did x-centrics you compare x-centrics to concentrics in many studies that put you on a machine where you just do the x-centrics are you just do concentrics and they try to quate these in certain ways it's hard to do it right because it's so easy if you did the same load on the x-centrics it's a breeze do three sets of 10 with 70% of your 100 max like you're going to get pretty fatigued after a few sets of that you do that you could do it all fucking day on the x-centrics yeah so it's hard to say but um like there's a study good study that my advisor did is they compared to if you can remember this they compared five sets of 10 leg leg press twice a week versus concentric only versus five sets of 10 concentric x-centrics or regular reps twice a week versus 10 sets of 10 concentric only and what they found was they got the best muscle growth in the type one in type two fibers when they did the normal reps when they included x-centrics and even when they doubled the concentric they weren't able to um make up for the growth that didn't occur when they left the x-centrics out so but here's the thing the devils in the dose right so x-centrics are more potent and you might have some situations where someone does let's say you do a shitload x hey more is better right so if you do too much of that shit you get really really sore and you may not you may exceed your recovery abilities so in some of those studies and and it's gotten I've talked this on my podcast you see you see stuff like people doing some people doing better from 15 sets of weeks versus nine sets of weeks or six sets of weeks and then some people doing better with nine sets a week versus 15 sets of weeks so for some of those people nine sets of week wasn't enough 15 sets was better for other people's other way around no the same thing could be with x-centrics let's just do a bunch of x-centrics well if you do nine sets of x-centrics that might be too much but for other people because they can recover from it that might be better it's a stronger stimulus but that doesn't mean it's a it's only a better stimulus if you do the right amount of it too many sets and then you just overdid it and then you're just and it's just being stupid right so so yeah that's the the type one and type two's there are some studies suggesting that higher reps will kind of preferentially develop the type ones you do see there's some studies suggesting the type two's do get hit more so on the x-centrics but we're doing concentric and x-centrics for normal reps in the gym so you're kind of getting both and you're not probably especially for training hard you're not probably preferentially just you're not just hitting the type two's for instance on the x-centrics it's both fiber types more than likely but that might vary by muscle group and and also the how fast you bring things down how well you control the x-centrics yeah um yeah like there's a meta-analysis too with like rep tempo and um when you do these studies there's so much variability it's like there might be an effect for a given individual but you can't make it out because everyone varies so much um so but I think you know we can talk about rep tempo and controlling the x-centric I think it makes sense because you get you get so much I'll leave it at this you get so much bang for your buck you could do x-centrics but then you don't increase fatigue during a set very much at all like I said you could do 20 of those and hardly incur any fatigue to x-centrics only which you get in the fibers that are active the tension is much higher and if you've if you believe the tension is important for muscle growth I think so then the x-centrics are definitely a winner so don't neglect them you know you in fact you know sometimes I feel what that like when I get to the end of a set and then I'll leave it this sometimes I will go a little bit even slower on the x-centric just to make sure I don't injure myself but I feel like if I try to get rep to fast because the concentric some more energy at the expense of all get fewer reps I almost rest on the x-centric to some degree so anyway those are some that's a ramble and you're not on the head what where these participants average gymgoers or advanced body builders who had greater potential for mind muscle connection and keeping tension in the muscle etc I feel that there would be that would be a variable in bodybuilding versus an average person which makes sense you know I know that my ability to control a negative is completely different now than it was even 10 years ago you know yeah in the studies like the i-soconetic studies they said they said the machine up to only go to certain speed so you push you know and then with the leg press I know Dudley he was you know he's my mentor it's all on a tempo too they'll use like a metronome so like you just can't drop it down like you have to you have to bring it down on tempo so they control the right yeah super important right it's a totally different animal if you push up real fast and then just let it drop down and rest for two seconds at the bottom versus the guy that does a three-sensic and second yeah totally different grip yeah so that's where I think it matters you know you can do a free fall and have a very little activation so you get to the bottom then you have a stretch shortening cycle and there's there's some thoughts there I mean if people talk about stretch media and hypertrophy there's also the possibilities like hey you know if you have good range of motion and you're someone if you do have some control oh and maybe you do a little bit of bouncy bounce at the bottom and so you have a high you'll get a stretch reflex there you'll have high tensions during partial eccentric that when in the length of the position if that's more potent which would probably as you can get more damage muscle damage during exercises or eccentric especially in the length of position that little bit of a stretchy stretch which some people try to avoid that could be more potent but the mind muscle connection does matter if you're just like just like doing a soup like the guys you know two guys bounce the high-sensic guys in the bottom and see us a while they're literally the ribcages or you're using this a trampoline yeah it's like what the fuck man here just trying to break your sternum yeah if you're doing that sort of thing no but I always you know I think that there are people like Ronnie Coleman was the one I when I watch him train call go he's so sloppy it's like yeah but he's catching of the muscle he was just he was leveraging the elasticity of the muscle in the stretch shortening cycle but in a somewhat controlled fashion and despite how he kind of ended up like people talk about how crappy his his T-bar rolling was in the corner but he was doing something right maybe not exercise but he had some sort of a mind muscle connection because back certainly certainly seem to grow yeah and the genetics are there too so that's the other other confounding factored but you know we saw that picture that video of honey all right yeah was it was it was it hotty remember that it's gotty yeah I remember that doing those T-bar rows and it's like holy crap man I feel like I might I might hit my traps with that at best you know yeah and he has no reason to change it because clearly it's working I'm right that's the thing if I were him I would continue to do what I'm doing too it's just that it's not applicable for the vast majority of the rest of us because it just it's it's you just look at you look at that and you're like that's a greaseless that just does not yeah it should not he should not even video that put that out but then you see his back and it's like yeah yeah exactly you know in Jay Cutler I mean I'm not you know I want to start picking people apart I'm we're talking about top body builders you know the best body builders on the planet but there is an argument there really and this is another rabbit hole you know we don't have time for but you have to we sometimes we really do have to step back and there's efficient training and there's good mechanics and everything else and based on injury prevention and safety and and I just really do think that there is a genetically gifted part of this this sport or our society that I don't want to say can do whatever they want but they're they're they're just not put together like the rest of us they're you know it's of cow rippkins of body building they can just go and go and go and they're made of rubber and they don't have the injuries it's it's I mean to Jay what were Jay's what were Jay's injuries did he have any major by some I know it was part of the sense that he didn't buy some of the hands level that he had what was it by some that was it yeah yeah yeah okay what's that it worked it looks so good that he asked the surgeon if he could purposely cut the other one form because it's actually funny because I had a buddy and I told you guys this because we talked about it last episode about how skip has had several clients who went bowling in partially toward the vice of it all right and one of my good buddies like message me the other day and he was like hey when you tore your your your bicep which was several years ago doing a bicep curl and when I said tear I'm not talking about tearing the tendon I'm talking about tearing the muscle from the tendons the tendons completely intact I think that's kind of what the tears that that your clients probably had skip similar I would imagine and it's also the time same kind of tear that my buddy sky had and I was given them all the rundowns and I'm like you know once it's healed go do a front double and tell me that that bicep doesn't look better because it just creates a little divot in the where the where the muscle attaches at the elbow and it it makes your peak look just a little bit better yeah yeah you know so as far as like being sloppy if someone could maintain this is like I've said this time of time again so we're weaker on that let's say you want to train heavy we can be here on the concentric we're struggling at eccentric let's say you've got someone who can control the eccentric being throwing some body English in there makes sense if we know about the force velocity curve of skeletal muscle that's weaker on the concentric than the eccentric so so maintain activation of the active muscle the train muscle the targeted muscle used the accessory muscles to help on the way up to be a little bit sloppy this is this is like a skill right this is an athletic skill I think and then control the eccentric because you're stronger so you can control a heavier load than you could probably lift with the same kind of control so to speak because you're depending on the speed for 2030 percent stronger on an eccentric than on a count concentric so nothing I'm saying everyone should go out and just train like an asshole just try throwing it at all over the place but there's something to say and there was a line of life fitness at a line of machines that would add 20 percent to the eccentric I loved them it was a electrically driven set of machines okay that's really that's a way that that would that would increase the activation on those eccentric without substantially increasing fatigue because you're simply stronger that's that's an ideal way if we could if we could set up you know the ultimate space age and this is this is why that actually the study I mentioned from from that my my advisor Dudley was involved with that was for NASA they were looking at what's necessary to maintain muscle in space so this is like space age training would would stimulate the muscle the reps we set up so that they're easier on the concentric and harder on the eccentric and the elect I got one out in my barn right now it's electronically dipped division driven device magnetic driven device and you that's one of the modes eccentric you set the eccentric force and it gives you like 20 percent less on the concentric and that mean theoretically that that would be I'd like to see people start doing studies with those things because you got to find the right dose so that's some each of those reps these those sets are more potent so if you compare 10 with 10 10 of the overloaded eccentric's might be more but I think that's what I think that's there's that's one one what reason why sloppy reps make sense to me as long as they're not you know two risky in terms of injury yeah and and the other thing you know that I think not for everybody there's plenty of examples of guys who treat really hard with like just laser like focus but when you just go in there and you're just ready to rip roar and rip that shit and you're just you're just there's nothing going to stop you you're a fucking force or nature and that way it's going to move no matter fucking what you get after it and that mindset is one that sometimes is okay to get a little bit sloppy with things here and there now and again and on the other side of the coin it's like well all my reps need to be perfect and you know if the right pinky twist is Dante might have said and that kind of stuff and that doesn't lend itself well to Jamaican progress I think to be over the analytical especially when I think and Scott I'm going to do another podcast on progressive overload we talk about that I've been thinking a bit online another one someone invited me on that topic but that's the forget that's the most scientific principle there is yeah that's it every single study they do progressive overload we're regardless of what they're testing content and versus eccentric you know stretch position rep tempo this exercise versus that progressive overload is the underlying principle it's always there and how many people do you see bothfully talking and looking at showing their log books on Instagram I haven't seen a log book on Instagram I don't think James Hollings had was selling something for a while and it was probably total flop right as we will let you know I'm shit we have a log book available from Think Big if you go to the merchandise page oh okay yeah yeah so you know anyway that's that's that's that's my thought on like being sloppy but but you gotta have the mind most of the connection I mean I don't want to pick on them but like if you look if you got you guys know who Sam Sue Lick is now for sure he was yeah yeah can you tell us who he is yeah I'm totally kidding we don't know yeah yeah like I always is in a respectful way like like we're grown adult males and we don't we don't thrive on this younger youtube crowd maybe like we would have if we were in that age group so we knew it and we were talking very respectfully and we're like hey you know we totally get what he's doing like if it's working we change it and then a lot of the comments were like oh you guys pretend like you don't know who the biggest fitness superstar in the world is and we mentioned that we knew of him but we don't watch every new drop video that comes out you know right yeah so like the way he does squats is bad ass feet close together he doesn't do him wide out and this sort of like plats does but he goes all the way down he's strong his shit full range of motion very quad dominant but there a lot lot of exercise he does and this is just this is just an intuitive thing from trying to have him train for you know a couple weeks something like that now over the last four decades he's just like oh he's missing so much shit he's missing stuff there the range of he's missing some important things he's got the right mindset he's trying to move heavy shit around and some exercise he's dead on whereas you look at like I train with Dave Henry like Dave just that was one thing about during with Dave it's like he's just fucking like it was just like this piston like precision that it's precision to each of his repetitions and you could tell he's hitting the target muscle each time and he was just naturally strong so he didn't have like an ego that you know so I got to use more weight because he's already using more weight than anyone else in the gym most of every occasion so so some people you can see and then you look at look at Ronnie like I mentioned before and even though he was kind of sloppy he looked like to me I was had the sensey I'd have a look at my muscle connection oh agree yeah even unlike some of his advice it curls and they you know they looked really kind of crap but they looked like they're he's not that he really need more biceps but that was maybe his worst one but I see some on Sam so you you can't pick that out that when I'm talking about here throwing some body English and there's a way to do that where you maintain the mind most of the connection and then there's a way to just kind of train sloppy that just sloppy training and you're missing the target muscle and you're you're leaving range of motion you know in the tank where it could be had which could probably help with the gross stimulus yeah so I don't think there's any way to really explain that to you it's almost one of those things the difference is just kind of kind of an experience you could you could get all fancy with EMGs and you could digitize it biomechanically and you could probably see it you could you could figure out what the differences are for sure by filming somebody and the engine you could look at the activation patterns of the muscle we made it out of the screen but I guess what I'm saying is the average person no and I think that's where you this type of conversation and I think it's a good conversation isn't terribly beneficial for the new be only because they're not going to understand what is good and what isn't from a from a mechanic standpoint of being loose it just almost maybe I'm just I'm not doing it very successfully but you're not just putting myself in that newbie position going oh well you say and I can be loosened if it feels good it's just not that simple it's almost like a coordinated or coordination issue of knowing when that momentum is beneficial and not going to injure you because if you get sloppy at the wrong day you use a bicep crow isn't example if you start to get sloppy at the wrong time that will open you up to a different or potentially to injury versus when you get sloppy that it can help you when you have that mind muscle connection to keep that set going and not being a vulnerable position I guess the best way to explain is this you can drop dumbbells the wrong way or you can drop dumbbells the right way but it's not necessarily wrong to drop dumbbells if you know how to drop them so they don't work in breaking they go where they're supposed to go yeah you know it's got said four decades of experience that's where you know it it just takes time it takes time let me ask you guys this how long do you think it takes on average to get that good mind muscle connection to really start to appreciate the what the topic we're talking about right here so variable like because I know some people that train for six months and they just get it yeah and then most people and actually I'll even go a step further I think it's intra exercise variability like some people just have better coordination and planer movements some people have better coordination and other what do you call it what's the other plane that's escape in my brain you get you guys you know what I'm saying like absolutely my really good in like a squat hacksquat dead lives like like just that kind of coordinated movement whereas things coming from their arms and their chest like they've just not they don't have that coordination that neuro muscular coordination so that's the first step before they even get the rep speed the the body English that we're talking about added in I just think it's one of those things where you know it looks good when you see it because then you just go like oh that guys knows what he's doing and then you know when it doesn't load and you're like man if that guy would clean his reps up a little bit he'd be getting more out of his efforts that comes just a bunch of people train for a long time who have no concept they might even think they do and you can just look and go you just don't you to or even where that mine muscle connection is there for the more obvious less complex muscles but I still stand on this now stand on this probably till I go in the ground the vast majority of people do not understand the make proper mechanics of training back because it's such a complicated musculature that even people who have been around a long time and have good physiques do not understand and do not train their back correctly in I'd say I mean it's it's an arbitrary number to make my point but 70% of the people in most gems just aren't if not more than that I would say no and they don't understand and I understand everybody's doing their one arm lap pull and everything else that's actually in my opinion a step in the right direction because as annoying as that was to see every kid I mean I'm sounding like the guys who are against Sam now or that Sam wannabes but it was it was irritating to go in it because selfishly because they're going to be on that machine for 20 minutes doing these ridiculous things on our movement exactly and I'm leading to use that piece so it's selfish in that sense but it did it did get a lot of those people and especially that that younger generation or the new beatite trainer to really focus and think more complex or think about the complexities of the musculature of the back and try to hone in on those specific places you were in the fore just like wow do a lap pull do a chin you know do a row as shitty as possible good with me here what gets missed there sometimes then and this was um Ben Pocos he was one of the first people kind of usher that idea into the industry and I talked about on the phone one time and his plan was like that stage one for people is to to learn mind muscle connection with the sort isolation movements etc etc and once they've got that down for a couple a couple years or so then really start moving towards progressive overload with a good mind muscle connection he said but all that early stuff it just took off so well that he just never left he never really went to phase two because he was just doing so well financially business wise that he never really transitioned to that but the thing I was going to say because ten years saying like a lot of people won't kind of get what we're saying is like one thing I've done when I teach seminars when I work with people is like you know say it's a bicep curl and I do this you can also do this when just for your training for your if you're doing progressive overload is you do a set of perfect form right and where like the say it's the bicep bicep curl in your biceps okay there's nothing left there and as long as you're safe with this right then say now I'm going to try to throw a little bit of body English in and practice that and now you've got you've got the biofeedback coming from the muscle that you've just destroyed and you're trying your staying just as focused as you were on those previous reps during these extra body English reps and then they get a feel for what that can be and you can do that you could do that with like like a dumbbell row wouldn't be a bad one if they're well supported during perfect form and then see what happens when they put a little bit of twist into it but only after they've really fatigued and their reps they would write down their logbook would be 12 and then and then then they add three cheat reps so to speak I got an exercise that I came up with a couple that I kept keep on reading I posted a video on Instagram it's a row stop dead for back and I yeah and we asked gotten those these he's done these and I they're beautiful man they're beautiful awesome and all it is is instead of it does not it's a playoff dead stop row but she bend over and you could use the barbell or a machine you could even do it with dumbbells I guess but usually it works better with the bar and you do a row up to the row you stop you hold the bar there and then you stand upright as if you're doing a dead lip but you got the bar held right right at your belt line and then you go back down and then you reverse the movement so you're holding that bar pushed up against right at your own billiards so and then you stand up with it so you row stop you dead lifted up then you reverse it and then row back down they're fucking brutal they're awesome and once you it's probably really safe way to do a deadlift too like if you're someone that can't do traditional deadlift because the bar is as close to your core to your center of gravity as it's ever going to be when it's tucked in your own billiards that that's the first thing I thought of and then like then would you go and do rows or anything else is like wow it does this don't hit my lats for shit compared to this one I got the video I got the video oh cool oh we look at it now yeah so I'm in the I'm behind there I'm behind look at he's got no weight on there right yeah we were smoked the end of the workout yep I thought that was when you guys first started yeah I was smoking it my way on these my lower bag was screaming at me doing these yeah I can see you won't eat a lot of things and I would rather see you can't even hold the bar up there see with so petite oh wait that's Scott at first I I I I I my oh shit that's God it's the way I get a beard oh yeah yeah wait for the yeah yeah I don't recognize them without the beard now that's funny man because you knew me for years without it but I I know yeah we got to wrap this thing yeah we got to wrap this thing up though Scott we appreciate you coming to hang out with us man we should have you back more often that's cool we'd love to all right guys go to uh b y o b b coach dot com you can get Scott's book there also Amazon get the hard cover and of course go to buddyberry dot com to reach out to Andrew for coaching team skip dot com reach out to skip make naly diets at gmail dot com you can hit me up for coaching and of course true nutrition dot com use our code think supplement source dot c a and thank you to all of our patreon as you guys are freaking awesome and to everybody in the live stream we're gonna record another episode so all right we appreciate you guys thank you Scott you