This is sub Q. Everything being the same 9i use total. And here is the sub Q value. This solid line. So this piece out at about 15, 16 may be on average. That sub Q, this piece at like 37 or so. For I am, that's a monstrous difference. It's like twice as much or more on average. All right. So if you look at area under the curve, which is a good way to see what is the exposure from the drug. How much is it going to affect your body? Obviously if we filled in the area under this curve and Figure out what that is. I think it's going to be smaller. It does come down more rapidly here. And I can go and look at this paper, but we definitely get a higher peak. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches. Skip Hill and Drew Barry myself. Scott McNally. And we are joined by Mr. Musselmines himself. Scott Stephenson. What's going on, man? You guys, baby. It's all about you. The doctor was in the house. Yeah, so they're on it. Tell me what I need to talk about. Thank you for being here with us. Guys, all of our programming is brought to you by True Nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. You can get the team, skip blend, which is it's nicer than just in ISO because it's got like a little bit of a thickness to it. A little bit of body to that protein shake. So when you're hungry and diet, it's going to fill you up for a little bit longer. Also check out SupplementSource.ca for our Canadians. And thank you to everybody from Patreon. I've got a couple of Patreon questions today. We were going to launch into this thing. We've got talking about GH, growth hormone. And we can even screen-chair. Think you've got a slider too. Basically, we talked about this the other week. The topic came up, you know, and I asked it. I was like, should you? I am, growth hormone. You know, that's what I had done for years. I definitely felt like I got the benefit of growth as far as you can, as much as you can expect to get out of low dose. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, I always used it. I mean, and the thought was, hey, there's it's possible that the hormone could get damaged potentially by enzymes in the muscle, which that was something I had heard before Isn't that what we were told or that's the topic that came up. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But I mean, that's not a common thought. That's just, I think I've only heard that from one person. Okay. I've heard that before. But regardless, we thought it'd be something cool to talk about, and I know that we had talked about it before on muscle minds. So we're like, let's do a crossover. And let's get Scott on and then that topic just happened to come along. You know what I'm thinking of. You know what I'm playing? Where are you just ignoring me? You're like, shut up. Let me get into this. Let's get rolling. People tuning for the content. So Scott, where do we want to start with this man? Should we use our GH, you know, sub cue? So you tell me there's two topics. And you guys just kind of like, we're going to do, I have a couple slides already for the IM versus sub cue. Because I heard the podcasts, just to be like, I heard the podcasts, I'm like, I got a couple studies and I've this monster database. You know, when I, when I run articles and stuff, I throw the other hand. I'm doing, I'm doing, I'm doing. Is that how you refer to your brain? There's like, do my other day. I said, well, my computer and my phone, I don't know shit. Like, I just want to get like 10 feet away. I'm out of blue, two, three inch from my computer. I just turned, I just turned it on to zombie, basically. Because mine mines like one megabyte of RAM, that's it. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, I've got like, it's like a time-nix and clear calculator. That's all I have left. So, but I have a PowerPoint presentation from years ago. I've given it a few times, but there's a few slides on growth hormone. The kind of the question is like, why does some people seem to think, growth hormones the next coming and some people are like, ah, it's not that big of a deal. We can go through that and then one of the factors, the lead-up would be that one of the factors could be substantially that some people are doing sub-Q and some people are doing I am. And it can be, it can make a big ass difference. So, I can go into like, what is growth hormone, how does it work, what's this role on the body, that sort of thing, I've got three slides. I'll take a few minutes or we can go right to the shit that people probably want to hear about is whether I sub-Q or I am is better. Well, let's do both, but like you said, people, you know, it's a good, it's a good lead topic. So, if they're clicking on this specifically to hear, you know, which is better I am or sub-Q, let's deliver on that first and then let's get into the other stuff, which is also fascinating. Okay, I want to share my screen. Careful. I know, right? Yeah, I know. Be careful. That's the one. I'll just share that. Okay, I just have a hard and fast role never staring my screen. Yeah. All right. So, I can't see, I can see you guys at all now. So, you guys see the growth hormone, the equalizer? Yep. All right, cool. So, I'm going to just go with you this real quickly because people might get bored with this. But basically, this is the idea, what is growth hormone in the body? Where does it come from? It's released from a protrudatory. The big thing we're worried about is that it stimulates lipolysis, right? People use it mainly for fat loss, but then some people find that they get some muscle growth from it. It does have an effect on protein synthesis and it increases IGF1. This is why people. And I'm going to, I'm going to sort of shift this presentation for you guys, for your viewers, because they know like, I look at my IGF1, that tells me how good my growth hormone is working. I wouldn't necessarily say that for a different audience. That comes from what's called the semadameden hypothesis. So, this is the basic idea. I just want people to know, for two-atturgery produces growth hormone. It makes its way to the liver and then the liver produces IGF1. So, IGF1 used to be known as somatomeden. Meaning it mediates the somatotrophic effects, somatotrophin being growth hormone. So, those, that's old-school terminology and one way that, one thing that elevate IGF1 is more growth hormone. So, that's what happens when people do use high amounts of exasiness growth hormone. You can also bring this down, an old-school way, you know, can I know you remember this? People would go and they would die it and get their IGF1 down because it happens when you're dieting. That reflects overall nutrient balance. And then you're going to blood work down in your low-en IGF1. It's like, oh, you need growth hormone. And doctors would prescribe growth hormone for that reason. But growth hormone has other direct effects on bone, on muscle two. It actually increases IGF1 production and muscle as well. So, that's sort of the updated somatomeden hypothesis. In individuals that are already reached their full adult height. And we're not talking about people with acro-maggling now. Growth hormone based, it's main use here is for fuel. So, lipolysis. If you go to sleep, you're going to need to rely on fat. Unless you've had a giant meal or if you go hypos, your blood sugar levels are low. You're going to need to rely on fat for fuel. So, those two things stimulate growth hormone release. Exercise does it. Growth hormone releasing hormone does it. Grail in from the gut does it. In the muscle mind podcast. So, if carbs are elevated, that will inhibit growth hormone. Someatostatin, hybids, glucocorticoids, will moderate release. There is a difference between men and women depending on DHT, male hormone, obviously, or male produced from testosterone versus estrogens. That modifies the growth hormone release differences that you see in men. So, the thing that most blood people would know, there's two main isophorms of growth hormone. But one that people inject, the one that you get prescribed, or the one that you apply in the black market, is a 22 kilo Dalton molecular weight form of growth hormone. There's also a smaller, somewhat smaller isophorm, 176 amino acids. This one also gets released, depending on exercise, for instance. So, this can be 5 to 10%, maybe more, depends on the person. Only like half to three quarters of the growth hormone that's floating around is actually this 22 kilo Dalton version of the stuff that people get. So, there's also active fragments. There's dimers, or multiple times of ligodhymers, found in the blood that can have active growth hormone activities. So, there's a, it's not just the one growth hormone molecule. That gets injected. There's actually a whole sort of family of growth hormone molecules. Let me get this out of the way. So, I can't see my move. There you go. You can see what I'm reading there. So, anyway, there's growth hormones found in various forms. And there's also growth hormone binding protein that actually comes from the same gene that is responsible for the growth hormone receptor. So, there's a chance of variability there. So, looking at this big picture as far as what growth hormone does, let's say comes in exogously. There's going to be variability in responsiveness to the, to the IGF1 release. Some people get a lot of IGF1 they use X amount of growth hormone. Some people don't. That's going to depend on two what their dietary status is. There's someone's in an Aussies and they're eating a lot. The IGF1 may already be elevated or could already be a sealant effect there. They don't get much. If I'm going to say how much growth hormone they use. Someone starts growth hormone and they start dieting down at the same time. They give it some time for the IGF1 levels to go up. Maybe it doesn't go up so much because now they're in a chloric deficit, which will lower it. Growth hormone brings it back up. They don't see much of a change like how my growth hormone's fake. Right? Then they extend to which growth hormone is bound to this binding protein can make a difference. And there's also differences in the growth hormone receptor, which is in this next slide. So it's polymorphisms here. I'm not going to go into all this to be honest. It's not that important. Really, there's some interesting stuff that the growth hormone gene does not seem to affect height, for instance in non-dwarf. So it doesn't matter as far as growth, per se, with there are differences there. That matter with someone's got excess growth hormones, accomagly. So that's another thing that can play role. There's two versions of this growth hormone binding protein, and they have different affinity for the 20 versus 20 kilo dot and growth hormone. The interesting thing here, I think on the previous slide, is some people, and we'd only kind of mention this when we talked about Mk677. But when you're stimulated when you're using a grail and a growth hormone secretic agapeptide, the growth hormone that comes out of the pituitary then is endogically produced. It's formologically stimulated, but it's produced by the body. That means you can get, and I haven't seen this studied for squat, but you can get different versions of these growth hormones. And if you're someone who, for instance, has a growth hormone receptor, an isophorm that's more has a higher affinity or more sensitive to one or the other of these growth hormone isophorms, and you get one or more of the other from using a growth hormone secretic agapeptide or Mk677, it's not a peptide. You could have a scenario where someone lucks out to get more of one of the isophorms and they have the right receptor, and those secreticogs were splendidly for them, which happens sometimes. Not to mention the other stuff we talked about with Mk67, just as one example. So this is some reasons why the secretic agapeptide as well as the exagents growth hormone could make a difference. There's also growth hormone antibody formation that happens between like zero and 60% of the time, depending on the growth hormone, and the studies with dwarfs. So here is a table, children with a textbook growth hormone, up to two years at therapy, at this dosage, and using these forms of growth hormone, for instance, human-troped and work out so well, 10 out of 46 of the kids did using an over-nordic none, none, none. So this would be a 40 to 60 I use per week for 100 kilogram body bloater. So there are some differences depending on the immunogenicity, so to speak, to what degree antibodies will form from the different forms of growth hormone. It's highly variable, interestingly enough, it doesn't seem to affect growth of dwarfs, so some dwarfs who have formed the antibodies, think okay. That's not good, antibodies bind up the growth hormone, the growth hormone we can't do, it's trick, those dwarfs would grow as well when they get the exagents growth hormone. It does, in the studies that I've seen, this slides a little bit old, so maybe there's some newer stuff that I haven't seen, but doesn't seem to matter. Does it matter to bodybuilders? I don't know, so I put importance there in the lower left. So then there's the other issue of quantity and quality and black market products. Can I know you guys have talked about this here with your, with GH as far as pharmaceutical grade and that sort of thing. But it's GIP is sponsored by Sarah Stim now. All right, I know that's good. I know that's good enough. Yeah, so you know, it can underdo, growth hormone. You can, you probably remember back in the day that they would put H-C-G in, because it looked like growth hormone. Sure. Yeah, that was when they, you gonna get the pregnancy test, it will all green. It's like, oh fuck, I got bad stuff. Yeah, you got scammed. Or people would put C-J-C-1255 with DAK in there and they'd get some growth hormone elevation from that. And that would be cheaper than growth hormone itself. So, with the quality can be an issue, you can have incomplete proteins or poor confirmation when these are made with recombinant DNA. And there can be storage and production issues. So counterfits, there can be oxidation, particular, the methionine, amino acid, or deamidation cleavage. So you end up with fragments and you end up with growth hormone molecules that, that, you know, potentially aren't affected, they just don't bind to the growth hormone receptor if they do. They don't activate it very well. And then you can interact with factors. So things I've already mentioned here, growth hormone isiform sensitivity in a body's ball-bob-bob-bob. So, this shows subcutaneous 9 I use of growth hormone. This is a time course of somewhere, I think this is maybe in male and female in these two, but I'm not sure. So somewhere around the three hour mark is when you're getting a peak here. This is why people will go and they'll do inject 9 or 10. I use a whole bottle and they go and you get a growth hormone test about this time and they go and they compare with some of the online sources to see where it is my growth hormone stack up. The issue could be there, potentially binding, or we're going to talk about the next two slides. So I think I need to stop my screen sharing and go to the other slideshow. So hold on, we do that. Guys, I gotta take a break to do the whole lecture, subscribe thing, but I also want to say thank you to you. The internet's kind of a weird place, in case you didn't know. And I'm glad that we've put the community together that we have. I'm grateful to read your comments, in fact, I know a lot of YouTubers that don't read comments. I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody. So if you comment, I will see it and I'll try to get back to you. Also, the like button is absolutely free of charge. You don't have to pay anything to hit it and it does help us out of town. It's not going to push us into your algorithm, but it will help other people to hopefully find the show. So if you like our stuff, please try to help us out. So when this is what maybe think about, I knew I had these papers. When you guys brought this up on the other podcast. So I'm like, there's a couple of studies. I'm like, I figured I'd take a look at those things. So one thing I thought I'd mention, it's kind of important. When you see graphs like this and you see these bars here. So there's a dot, that's a mean bar and this is a plus standard deviation bar. So they just grew them in one direction just to make the graph less messy. But what this means is that for this time point, two hours afterwards, this was the average, right? It peaked about three hours, so this was the average here. And then for instance, for this peak, this is the standard deviation. So that means if we look over here, this is the normal curve, the Gaussian distribution, the bell curve, basically. And it shows what a standard deviation is. So if this was our average, so this value here on the curve. And we went out one standard deviation either way. That would capture a little more than two thirds of the people. And for assuming we got this normal distribution, that's a pretty safe assumption. So if we want to make sure we're missing only maybe 5% of people, we go out two standard deviations. So I'm going to draw a bottom line here. So if we two thirds of people here, if this is like, let's say this is 37 and this goes up to like 50. So that's like 13 and we go down here and we go down to like 24. So if we go from 24 to what did I say like 50, that captures two thirds of the people, a little more than two thirds of the people in terms of their peak dose. So there's going to be some people that are up here, potentially a very few. Our bulk of our folks are going to be here, right? And they'll be people down here assuming this is normally distributed at this time point. So these are big standard deviation markers here. So there's going to be some super responder, at least terms of what happens to serum growth hormone concentration, who's going to be up here after this dose. And there's going to be some poor sod down here. This will help potentially if you test another people. And for what it's worth, we're just diving into this. This is about 9 I use for 100 kilogram person. It's usually hot standard I think. So this is like the 10 I you bottle. And what you see here is huge variation. And we're just looking at this one current one dotting curve. So that's another potential source. It's just there's just a lot of variety. There's a lot of variation. In terms of binding of these things. Degradation to could be a possibility. I don't know about the degradation and muscle being a possibility. I haven't seen that, but it's you know, it could possibly happen. But the main point here is that there are three conditions in this graph. The dotted line with the open squares is I am. And this is for I use there's just a different concentration. So they compared a more concentrated inject date. So they had more volume. But it's this every time they give about 9 I use. This is 10 I use for ML. It's just less concentrated. So we can we can just kind of ignore that. This is sub Q. Everything being the same 9 I use total. And here is the sub Q value. This solid line. So this peaks out at about 15 16 maybe on average. That sub Q this peaks at like 37 or so. For I am that's a monstrous difference. It's like twice as much or more on average. All right. So if you look at area under the curve, which is a good way to see what is the exposure from the drug. How much is it going to affect your body. Obviously if we filled in the area under this curve. And figure out what that is. I think it's going to be smaller. It does come down more rapidly here. And I can go and look at this paper, but we definitely get a higher peak. So there's a difference there in the pharmacogenetics. Big one. This is this paper from 92. And then here's another. And this one this is a cool one because they compared men and women. These are actually trained subjects. These were athletes. So they were all trained. So this is pretty relevant to people listening now. These were bodybuilders. But then they're bodies, they're like, You're giving me GH. I'm coming in. They're like, oh. Sure. It's the same thing about 10 I use for a 100 kilo round person. Men versus women. And here's the subcutaneous scenario. And in this case. Some people got up to like 30. Each of these little lines. In this case is a different person. So there's no standard deviation bars. And this because each of these plots is a different subject. And the thick plot is the average. It got up to like, let's close to 15 again. I'll go back a slide just about 15 here. Right? Okay. I and I use this is 10 I use, just about the same. And here's the IM version. The line is the average. We're up at like 40. We're up 37, so not far off. So that's 9 I use got 37. 10 I use got about 40 here. Look at this dude. I'm way back guy. I wanted that guy. Right? And then there's this poor guy. And this person had delayed peek. It looks like I'm reading that. Yeah. So these are the men. And then things are a little bit different for the woman. But here is a for instance here's a woman. And her peek was higher than, sorry, that into the room. And she went to her peek was higher. Me just eyeballing it here. Then all but the guy that this got me now. Here, who had the child GH bike. And then on average though, we see less. And this is what you see with women. This is in the other other problem. I'll spare you guys the trouble going back and look at that. But you see a different. Diurnal pattern of growth more. When it's sort of more spread out with women. So it makes sense that things would be more spread out. They just manage growth hormone. Not only from a secretion standpoint, from a binding standpoint, degradation standpoint. So still getting higher peeks. Here on I am for women. But here's a subject. This is the woman of subcutaneous in hers. Herz was higher than these guys. Any of the guys for subcutaneous. Now is this the same person? The super responder? I don't know. They did a number of those folks. But other people are getting you know, they're getting inflections. And some of this could be endogenous growth hormone. Yeah, I was going to ask you. I see all those little, you know, especially in the women's side. The females. They have all those continual little spikes along the way. Yeah. So they buffer the elevation. Right. And they got and they see, looks like they brought things back down. I'm guessing I can't really follow these plots. But these very, very likely artists, the normal. Spiratic elevations. The discontinuous elevation growth hormone that you get. That's nice thing about, in a way, about growth hormone. Unlike using like a long acted acting test where, you know, it's going to take a while for your HPT8 or recover. And in this case, growth hormone is normally pulse-tile like this. So you have a big pulse. And the body is used to seeing pulse utility. So, and it's in and out much more rapidly than, you know, like testing and fate. What have you had to do? Would you or could you postulate that the reason that females aren't as responsive is, as you touched on before, estrogen? And if that is the case, then couldn't it be argued that lower estrogen levels and males would be more productive while on growth hormone? I think there's just the factor of, let me get out of this PowerPoint. So I can see you guys here. I've got so much, I've got dual screens. Let's see here. There we go. I think bringing the estrogen down anyway is going to, it can help in additionally because of that factor. Yes. But the estrogen, having estrogen low, we're blocking the estrogen, just that helps us fat loss. Anyhow. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Did tease that out? Maybe there's some data somewhere. Like, if you want to really geek out, I kind of figure out how to tease that out in some way. But yeah, that's a good, that's a good spec. It's another reason. It's an obvious implication. It just wasn't sure. Absolutely. Something else where you don't know. No, no, no, that's very logically. Well, thought out. Yeah, totally makes sense to me. For sure. So anyway, that's like, that's one of those things. And I'm like, I don't want to just like, look, but I know, look, I got my data base, right? I know this thing. Yeah. But I just looked at stuff up. You can find on Google Scholar. I just love like, you know, there's got to be someone has to have done a study published on the pharmacokinetics. So it's just interesting that this is not that well known. It's interesting that everyone says we should always do I am. That was a size in and heumatrop. So it could be that there are some differences for other growth hormones depending on what they're, what's in the, in the bottle once they've been reconstituted. But it's just kind of an interesting factoid. So especially for using those two, someone would be prescribed those or what have you then it makes sense to go, I am. I would think. I can't remember what we've had the um labels on the stuff because who reads the labels with their pharmaceutical GHP. Yeah. Where do I, I can't remember where they tell patients to inject, do they say subcure, I am, like, package inserts? Yeah. I want to believe it. Subcure. Yeah. That's what that's what I was going with that because for some reason I recall reading the serostim, you know, the whole full doubt which is like it opens up to a page like that saying subcure. Now, based on those studies which like you said, you just pointed out they've been around since 92, why haven't they updated their packaging or why haven't they updated their prescribing information? I, this is what you think. I know you don't know. I mean, there's just strange stuff like there's, I'm going to get this wrong, but there's a rule that the F, it's involved with the F, D, A and the CDC, I believe, too, that when you have any drug that's been opened, it has to be disposed of in 30 days. So you buy like a multi-use test file, right? And you get prescribed one mill per week and like you just throw away the other six mills that you didn't use after a month. No, no, you don't. No, of course. And doctors, you know, wouldn't, but that was just been a problem for some doctor. So I suspect that once if it's tested with a subcure, then it is meant for subcure administrative and then there's no way around that. Let's take it through all the testing and they pay the money. Okay. I want to do that. It's only prescribed. You do this particular mode of method of application. Method of administration. Yeah, route of administration. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But also talking about peptide hormones and maintaining disability, you know, just for shit and giggles one time, I noticed I had like an old bottle of melanotan. These guys know, they were sitting in the back of the fridge for like two years. And I was like, let's constitute, right? No, no, no, no. It was already constituted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so we were sitting there constituted two years at least. And I'm like, let's just see. So I took like maybe 500 micrograms of it. And within three or four minutes, I got the extreme margin plushing. Yeah. So it made me, I think when I realized I'm like, everything they've said about prescribing and about GH insulin and throw it away is complete garbage at this point. Am I opinion? Because I've also noticed insulin too that I've used insulin that was, I don't know, I probably opened it. What and used it for a month. And then I went back and put it away and then used it again out of the fridge, maybe four months later. Oh, yeah. It was probably just as potent as it was because I had the same effect on blood sugar that I had. Yeah. Yeah. Some insulin package inserts as a human is leaving a room temperature. Yeah. Yeah. Diabetics all do that. They always just carry it around at room temperature. And I would be the idiot 15, 20 years ago when I'd be the personal training. People feel like you know that really needs to be in the fridge. Right. Yeah. As we understand peptides need to be somewhere around 40 degrees to maintain their potency. Right. Right. I think some drugs, they may break down differently. And you throw some stuff. If you recott, it's something's in solution. You put it in the freezer, which might be okay for a powder, then you can get a freeze for extra basically. And then the protein gets degraded. And then it's like, oh, I'll just make it extra cold, so to grade more slowly. It's like, no, you just broke it. Yeah. Yeah. You just to stun broke it. You just rendered that $700 kit work. Yeah. Yeah. Do we know if this directly transfers to IGF spikes and increases as well? Would be cool if they had IGF graphs too in the IGF binding proteins. Yeah. Those were just acute studies. Like one time and it takes days for IGF one to respond. That's a much, there'll be a much slower elevation. So they would have to have taken, like in order, you'd have to have a rationale for doing that study. They probably wouldn't have done it with healthy subjects like this. They probably would have taken some population where elevation of IGF one is supposed to have some medicinal action. And then they would have treated them. And then they would have to follow them. So with Dwarr, so I would love to see it with Dwarr. So I have looked and looked, maybe there's something out there that I've missed. That's the thing, like if you look and look and look and look eventually you can find all sorts of shit. And I find stuff. And it's like the 15th time I look for something and I find something else new. You would not. You would not take fine all the studies. Yeah. They just keep digging. There's so much, almost everything's been done. There's like kind of a half answer that'll give you some idea. But IGF one, I would expect that. But I don't know that's been done. You remember Scott last year, last year you were called you because I just wanted to get your opinion on, remember I had a kid. Ten units of GH day and his IGF on testing came back at 821. And we were both like, yeah. Yeah, we were both team and Z. Z. And obviously the answer is pulled the IGF out and retest again in four to six weeks and let's see where he's at. And of course he went right back down to like 227 or something very normal and kind of solved that up real quick. Now I guess I'm going with the question based off, you know, laying that little platform. We consider him like a GH responder. As far as IGF one, absolutely. He could have been like that guy. And very much so totally where he's getting like twice the peak. They are in your curve as larger. And then on top, that's kind of the idea. If you imagine, this is what happens. I think happens with at least the majority of the factors for like the best I would be pros. Right? They may have like they've got various genes in place for muscle growth. Right? They've got three or four of the important ones. Once we made it a no about, then they've got the right. There's a phosphodiesterase in the liver. They're term is how much biovillity you get from an esterified testosterone or an androleone or whatever. So you get more drug per milligram of what you inject. And then you have particular anis receptor that's more sensitive. And so you take one guy and you put him on 400 or whatever and he blows up like the other guy would have on 1200. But that 400 is actually like 600 because his anis receptor is 50% more responsive than it becomes 900. Now he's pretty close to 1200 and then he just grows muscle better and he just is just so much better. So you take a multitude of those factors and start overlapping them and you get synergy and then you get this person and you just got all the right genetics. And it takes a different direction for people that are poor responders to and androgens and they take 500 milligrams of something but really it's more like 200 milligrams in a sense. You want that on a scenario that you just painted. Yeah, I mean there's one study and there was like a if you had one particular isophorium but this liver in the end of this enzyme in the liver there was like a 60% greater area under the curve for a 200 milligrams. There was a test-sipinate injection. Right. So 200 milligrams becomes equivalent if you have the right gene to 320 right. Now maybe there's another gene that I don't know about but this is this is the enzyme. I think that is the main one responsible for that cleating of like an e-n and theta way from test. But so maybe you just you got the regular version of that. But then you have an anis receptor that is on the low end because there's two different areas in the anis receptor for instance. One in particular that they found like is it frince you have an elevated risk for prostate cancer and antigen sensitivity that's how they kind of figured this stuff out. But if you for instance you know got the short end of the stick then yeah you don't have the good enzyme in the liver for getting more out of your injectable and then you have poor sensitivity right and their enzymes in muscle to the breakdown antigen so that's a possibility as well. So you align all those things up and yeah you could just you know you could really be pretty bad off as far as making gains or you could be really well off. Right. I mean look at like a simple one sorry can one of the things like kids would get gyno. Some boys get gyno and it's really bad. They're not doing anything that's just that's just like that's just variability without any pharmacological intervention that's just and in some people they're not even close to being a problem. Right. So anyway can we say. But it just seems clear and correct me if I'm you know not understands correctly but it seems clear that we can't take in this particular case say the IGF levels and go oh his progress is going to be so much better because he has a higher IGF level. There are so many variables and I positive this before but I can't explain it because my brain isn't very big that it's not directly related to that because there are so many other variables like you're saying a portion of that IGF is not going to be usable. There are other receptor issues I think and this is what I touched on and this has been a few months but we only know this much we're learning these things from a scientific standpoint you know relatively quickly but I want to fast forward 10 years and I'm going to say that I want to see more of an understanding of how and this goes back to the pharmaceutical versus generic how the IGF levels are so big and this means I'm growing that is to me way to black and white or Scott's guy who had you know 800 levels how was he progressing? Was he progressing like he had 800 IGF levels or was he just progressing like anybody else would? No he would. But that's what I'm saying I don't. So I'm asking is it always directly related obviously I would assume that the majority of time it may be but then there are other times where you have you know I want to see IGF levels of all the pros. I want to see if you know Keone or Keone how do you say is that Keone? Keone. You know if does he have is is is is is he having an average of how many times he's the only that's it. Yeah and I'm usually pretty good with names but I wasn't sure I know but the point is I want I'd like to see that just to see if across the board if those IGF levels are extremely elevated that all those people are crazy responders from a progress standpoint not just from the IGF levels being higher but from the actual progress. So I could probably go on fine I can't give any numbers now but there's various lines of evidence looking at IGF1 and for instance nitrogen balance and growing animals or burn victims. So remember Scott Connelly and metrics. Yeah we had a lot of stuff used to talk about was metrics with somehow formulated and creating positive or nitrogen balance or preventing the loss of muscle and nitrogen from protein in burn victims which is a highly catabolic scenario and so I always sort of laugh because I never saw those data but that's he always talked about that. So there's there's for instance data on burn victims where when IGF1 goes down and nitrogen balance goes down when IGF1 is up nitrogen balance. So growing animals have a high nitrogen balance they're accumulating protein because more nitrogen is being stored nitrogen is like 16% of protein on average that's what the nitrogen balance thing is about it's not there's holes in the nitrogen balance like you can have potter nitrogen balance and not have not see actual measurable changes in body composition. I've seen that there's a study out of Canada for instance that long ago they showed that it's like that nitrogen balance was really awesome with the I protein but it didn't the muscle growth didn't happen still though in general that you can look at see there's a correlation between those they stand to happen in parallel. If you got this scenario with a body builder let's say you take two guys and somehow you had just hypothetically everything else was the same and one guy and they're all they're both eating in which the same amount you presume it's a chloride excess as far as you can tell you've equalized all the variables but one guy has IGF1 that's twice the other guy you're going to expect that his nitrogen balance is going to be better there too. So like you could look at a correlation and I don't know how strong it is between nitrogen balance for instance in growing animals where you know they're gaining muscle you know they're getting bigger and IGF1 and if that you could see on that correlation let's say the correlation is 0.8 which is really really high like one would be perfect you can double that and 0.8 times and you get 0.64 it would tell you like about 64% maybe like two thirds of the variation and growth the variation and nitrogen balance would be explained by IGF1 so like if you have a really high correlation this is what I could try to funnel them now I'm kind of curious what I do this with all my free time and see how strong those correlations are because I think they're pretty strong and then the scientists would say okay like a correlation that high when we've just got that one variable that's changing we presume there's aren't too many other influences and other other code covariate so to speak it tells us that IGF1 is important but you could have a scenario just to play the devil's advocate here where someone is using G8 and maybe like Andrew's guy and he gets they get lots of IGF1 for whatever reason but their diet is shit and they're they don't like deep protein and they just like to eat like rice cakes all the time whatever they've they've got a great GH IGF1 response some out of medan hypothesis it was in that first slide is awesome but all the other shit is way out of whack and they're not training hard they're diet sucks they're up late night they don't sleep very well blah blah blah they could actually not be holding on the muscle very well at all despite an IGF1 you wouldn't expect that because it's such it's just it's seen it's like so many studies that IGF1 is associated with positive nitrogen balance but it could be way off like that so you could have the one guy with a high IGF1 he's nailing it man his trainings on point it's got plenty of protein he's got a good caloric excess he's sleeping he's doing everything perfectly other guys just happens to be a high growth hormone responder terms of IGF1 and he's totally drop in the ball you know he's using too many stems while the ball is diet is crap their IGF1 is the same the one guys doing really well and the guys doing shitty I could totally see that too so yeah it's all over it's hard to say you know but the scientific sort of like it's been didn't your guy test again when he was dieting and his numbers weren't as high they were still elevated more they like then like mind would be you know okay even okay and I also want to point out he was using generic to very popular generic brand that everyone seems to use these days so wasn't using he wasn't using Sarah's to him or sizing or you know no worries yeah but yeah no when he was dieting he I want to say it was still like 481 or 541 something like that which you know it's still pretty elevated yeah he wasn't using muscle he wasn't using no yeah no okay so this is another thought that sorry the product I think that's why a lot of guys grow during prep is they're able to withstand the decrease an IGF1 that comes with caloric restriction and get more out of it get get more out of what they are taking in terms of drugs nitrogen retention etc so what do you think about that Scott it's the interesting thing too is so like from a muscle standpoint and there's a whole kind of body a small body of literature looking at this but the IGF1 that matters for muscle growth or stimulating hypertrophy is the locally produced IGF1 the stuff in the blood that you measure on blood work is basically it's kind of a it's a correlate of nitrogen balance so it basically reflects the nitrogen balance reflects the sort of antibody catabolic ratio to use sort of broach terms for the whole thing to some certain degree so someone is in that state where they're they're re-comping during a prep they're actually growing some muscle and dropping fat at the same time simply being in that state one of the ways in which all of that is mediated in a very global fashion is through IGF1 right if you could get in to take a muscle biopsy which you know this is not going to happen anytime soon right and you compare a muscle biopsy of that guy with someone who's not doing so well in prep you probably see higher IGF1 levels that's some sort of mediated hypothesis who is like 2000 the first amount of mediated hypothesis like in the late 50s or late 60s that's the revamped version where growth hormone also causes local IGF1 release I don't know for sure but it's the same growth hormone receptor in the liver and in muscle so it's possible if all the second messengers after the growth hormone binds to the receptor and then it does its magic that if if that guy responds in terms of blood IGF1 he may also respond in terms of local muscle IGF1 so when he's used in GH he could be the guy where GH although with the studies don't support this magical muscle growth effect like you see from gear for instance he could be a guy where at least it's very it's helping a lot it's in his favor by far so that's those thing with IGF1 like like if you look and I'm trying to remember the numbers but if if you look at how much IGF1 is produced by the liver compared to what guys who use exogenous IGF1 it's like several times more than what most people would use even at a high dose but some people get really good effects and I have a whole you may be probably saw it came out like a year or so ago on john site on mountain dog diet.com so it's a pretty complex scenario but there's like at least seven IGF1 binding proteins probably some more right so you know is it something where those guys who inject the IGF1 just for a small period of time the binding proteins can't do their work can kind of regulate this excessive elevation of IGF1 and then it has it's effect binds to the receptors and then all the downstream effects happen before the binding proteins can kind of take take care of the problem. Relatedly there's like something else that I wanted to look into this guy who let's say who say who it is but he's someone who's got a pretty deep level of knowledge on gear especially and he's a highly he's a IFBB pro old school guy and he found from he's talked to a couple of people now who were finding that injecting insulin in the muscle and you don't hear about this lot but injecting insulin, what caused the local growth, the fact I am insulin and the one guy did it he was injecting his break heel rack radialis just out of just like his wick whatever you know because he's got peace-putting the other things other places he does whatever and he just started doing that he's not like doing all this grip work he's not an arm russ or like that he's a body-poter and all said the notice like his break your radialis was just monstrous really so yeah so like and I'm thinking like okay so what's going on here like is there is there a local effect whereby that just transiently because you know insulin's water based you were just like saturating all the insulin receptors in that small area and causing a local antibody effect you don't necessarily go hypod from this but it's because it's so localized and then the insulin stays bound to its receptor there for a while and you get you know for who knows how many it's just a number of hours a highly highly potent localized anabolic effect from insulin going in that one spot because in the most people do insulin subcube you can do it I am it's just armicokinetics but this guy was getting like all this growth from the break heel radialis because that's where he just kept on putting it put his insulin there so the bar was me is like okay so like what if you what if you do you know if you're using insulin like multiple times a day like put it in exact put it in the weak muscle group you know if you're going to do that just know that and this is another slide in that first presentation that you change the form you make a rapid you make like a humulin arm more like a hemolog if you go that's how I use it yeah if you go I am it's much faster so in and out which is which is good but if as long as you know what you're doing yeah but I change the pharmacokinetics we need to know that but anyway so you know it's kind of a mystery is the which way like the IGF one it's like you look at it's like okay if it's up that's good what it's doing directly to create that you know it should maybe it's just a global thing I mean some guys use IGF one and they get leaner yeah I saw that I certainly saw that yeah yeah so you know like is is that because it's creating an anabolic effect and then create a caloric deficit and the calories are coming from the fat it's not known to be lipolitic it binds to the insulin receptor and that's lipogenic anti-lipolitic yeah but if you grow and it creates a caloric need and then creates a caloric deficit then it comes somewhere it's not going to come out of thin air it's going to come from body fat so you get leaner because you're re-comping because the IGF one does that yeah so any of my argument with insulin too yeah you know so you know I'm intrigued actually by the I have been putting insulin and my role hormone in the top of my rectus femurus high because they have been weak from my injuries in 2020 and it's funny because I've noticed as I've gotten leaner like man there there huge pronounced in that area like and you know you kind of live with a man that's so as your type I did think I thought well it's probably just localized you know a little bit of inflammation because I'm always putting them there but now I'm like about that I'm not paying attention to that yeah I'm intrigued don't put it in your dick can it's not gonna work you know I'm not going to be the one to see that I was gonna wait for a pause and I was he loved it up someone I was just waiting for the moment I might be right back I can next time you're looking down like I just went up a few inches here and just accidentally but it's a little further. He's got a new protocol at the same time today. No before and after pictures please leave them to yourself. I got it this might be too big of a segue you can say yes or no okay but so constantly get the questions of like IGF does IGF LR3 and your opinion do they work the ones you could buy we're not talking to acrylics or anything we're talking about like the stuff you buy up to peptide sites would have you seen any positive effects from using those products it's so variable you know I don't that's you're getting the same thing I'm getting some people that love it some people don't yeah that's a thing some people are like the square by it you know and then you have to question whether whether they're reading it reading and assessing the feedback correctly or if they just heal that it's or I want to see some people I've been around too I want to see that it's obvious like I either notice and I go in with there can't be a placebo effect because I'm going in basically going it's not gonna work yeah yeah you know that's kind of my approach so I do I question people you know it's kind of like along lines of protein powder people ask majority people their favorite protein powder is the one that tastes the best yeah right you know but they'll claim that you know because of this and it's because of yeah exactly because of this and while it doesn't do this to me it's like you don't know you're not even that good with feet you can't even you can't even assess the feedback to your training but you figured it out with your protein you know your protein powder come on yeah good point you know what about you see like almost everything like this like what should I do as far as to use P protein is that the new thing or should I use this or that and the other people just say I like this and they don't so much like it's like it's like it's something like like not what's the word something you very unique like it's blueberry muffin pie crumble it's like oh and you got it for you know a dollar nineteen of pound but that's the one you respond best to the protein out there what about can we talk a little bit about growth hormone and insulin you know we we also talked about that a couple weeks ago too you know I think that there's a lot of confusion as to you know if your goal is going to be to grow muscle on how we would look at timing for growth hormone and excuse me for growth hormone and insulin would would it matter you know when we're taking each obviously you know a lot of us are using insulin pre-workout for instance say and let's say you were using a fast acting insulin pre-workout how would timing work with growth hormone based off of you know just what you've looked at and research Scott and what you've experienced over the years you guys saw those plots there was several plots and what we just looked at in the slide so you're getting out when you inject growth hormone you're elevating growth hormone for you know six eight hours at least don't there's variable right different in women too we saw so it's not like it's like those old school protocols where you know eighteen minutes out you start with you know four I use the GH and then thirteen minutes out you know you drink your special concoction with six different ingredients and then eight minutes out you they're insulin it doesn't really matter that much the main thing is you just keep yourself from going highpo if you're going to use a very workout for instance you know don't kill yourself not that much is just anyone do it that way but that's the main thing is just watch out because the the insulin could could kill you can get you know you can fuck you up if it doesn't kill you directly it could make it such a can't drive your car and you get an erect and if it works case scenario but the growth hormone has such a you know a long half life that's not a big deal the thing I've I know I've talked about this was a camera which podcast it was but I've talked about it several times is that what I think part of why some people find and we've already covered some of this growth hormone helps them put on muscle mass as it could be that if they're using with insulin in particular that's going to help because of this animal block effects when they're using it alongside when you're training your ass off you got plenty of protein in play and the growth hormone is going to offset the fat gains that you would get and if you can offset fat gains you leave more that runway so to speak to allow you to keep moving upward and then you avoid that psychological break that happens where you're starting a lot like how you look right if you're staying leaner and you're staying extra full from the insulin you just do more things you dot the eyes and cross the cheese because your digging how things are working and the insulin of the the growth hormone allows that to happen not necessarily per se because it's being directly anoboccal that's that's a possibility with the local IGF one race would have you but it's just allows you to eat more and have a greater caloric excess potentially and have more energy available for growing in a way you wouldn't and you're staying leaner so it allows you to recomp in a certain sense because it's it's has the lipolytic effect which would otherwise be canceled just by having the if you form a collogically you're causing fat burning that wouldn't typically be in place when you're eating all the calories that you're eating to grow so it just makes the growth it seems like it's anobolic per se but it's allowing everything else to be more anobolic your diet your behavior the insulin that you're using too because you're taking a more food and blah blah blah all the other factors sort of synergize in the in the growth hormone keeps the fat gain it bay so say in results be get more results yeah it's absolutely yeah and then placebo effect on top of that you know yeah too if you like how you're looking you're you're you're definitely want you're going to dot the ice cross the t's make sure all your supplements tend you're going to stand your cardio and diet a hundred percent more when things are moving the right way because how many of us know whether through clients or friends that when they're on cycle all six meals are beaten eaten everything's calculated but as soon as they're cruising or they go off cycle all I got four meals in today and I only train three times this week and it's like well no shit you're not getting results you're not doing all the the 90 percent stuff you can worry about the 10 percent stuff that you're not putting your body right now yeah I just had a thought it would be you could never really do this I don't think but imagine a study where you take take one group and you know maybe one group and they never get to see what they're looking like they don't get even there's no mirrors they don't get to see what's going on you know and they don't get any positive feedback and no one says hey you're looking bigger you know or you don't get any of that in the other group people are just they get ugled in the gym and everyone's saying hey big guy and they're getting all the positive feedback right that would create this massive placebo effect and see what happens in the one group like she's had been doing everything I haven't gotten a single compliment I've gotten nothing no one's paying attention to me yeah for a lot of people that would that would they just may probably just stop because they're not getting all that that psychological positive feedback coming in it's funny that's my wife that's moving that growing and now it's her fault that's why you're not going to grow yeah I'm going to have to blame her that's the reason it's well it's funny bringing this up because I was talking to my my training partner today and she's 12 weeks out from the Tampa Pro and you know she's like at that point where like all the baby fat all that preliminary fats off and now we're really getting some of the detail adds a really show and some good lines and stuff and and she was like man I just I just love like you know like everyone's telling me how I look and and everyone's like you know and people walk up to like wow like you really changed in the last week and you can really see because you know I've been removed from contest prep all of us have for a while now well it's a skip so we probably experience in it now but the phrase and then the the affirmations like go along way to making you go harder go stronger do more and affect your mood during prep right so I think this is like obviously it's not a real case study but it's it's definitely like a anecdotal report because you know and you guys have all been to or at least Scott you've been in my 40 yeah how it's a bodybuilder gym someone's always in prep people are always given praise to whoever's in prep and they're watching impose and it's cool it's a community right and you really see it because people that are getting that they do have better props they're they're excited over the gym they're kind of like forgetting that that prep fog is in there they're not dragging their feet as much as excited yeah it definitely and and I was telling her today I'm like yeah I mean I remember I forget that boost and I wish I still had it you know like I wish yeah I wish people were coming up to me okay you look good today like yeah you know so I hope you're getting that skip yeah and it is it is night you can be having a day where you're kind of in your head someone you don't know maybe they're not even big someone says something and I always say the same shit that I have said for 20 20 some years I all it'll never get old I always appreciate someone any any compliment and like I said it's probably because I don't get any from my wife ever I said I can walk around rip to shreds naked with a carrot in my ass in front of the TV and she would like you're in the way like you just doesn't know and then I don't mean that bad I'm just saying it's just she's so used to it right it's borderline apathetic it she's like you're not gonna impress me I've seen it time and time again for 33 years yeah was that also the why the good pros continue to just get better and better because they're constantly whether offseason content they're getting affirmations I think it's why they go through girlfriends so quickly I mean I'm just saying could be something there you know it's but I do I do know one person that someone at you asked Andrea yesterday about I just want LR3 etc I do know one person that I talked with not telling he's a high level pro and he was asking about I just one and he has been I'm not sure I haven't talked him for a while but I can get a hold of him and find out if how much he thinks his progress this progress has been really really good came from using an acrylics basic oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean we're talking different stratists yeah yeah yeah one cost you know $100 a unit the cost you know for a lot of big fan I Jeff right I'll take in for Lexus yeah yeah yeah yeah and so I yeah I maybe just get in the interrarity no but yeah did you ever get to use in Colux Scott no yeah I talked to people who have you know I've talked to people if we we know somebody who did Scott they but they didn't really have a lot of it so there it was hard to tell at that time yeah yeah yeah we know I know a couple people in common with you that you in fact you may even been mentioned him earlier in another context of another anonymous pro so I actually didn't know any of those people you're talking about taking it and felt they did not respond well something to this if I spend that much money on it I'm gonna convince myself that I'm responding very well to it I know one guy who did and he was not I have to go look at our message but he was intarably impressed by it yeah we'd you say the same way that some guys that jump on GH or like say they start using a farm grade GH and they're like yeah yeah I got something but but I'm not that impressed by it would you say it kind of similar to that like they did get some results but not the the big jump they thought they were gonna get yeah he didn't I think I think that's where he was basically yeah but he had already maxed out a lot of other stuff he was doing everything he's like he just wanted and he didn't have the gent I mean there's probably genetic propensity like pretty much with everything that ijf1 is gonna it's gonna create another leap forward for you you know and yeah I mean in this person if I remember it's been a while this has been like five years ago or more but he was already eating so he was pushing someone to somebody other things so gear will increase ijf1 food will increase ijf1 and then you may be that you've kept out on your particular ijf1 ceiling so to speak and you add more it's like you can't more gas in the tank it just spills out right there's nothing left for it to do so but you take someone else who's got some some room in terms of ijf1 then that person's gonna respond if he'd done it earlier in his career he might have gotten something out of it but at this point this guy was over 300 pounds you know and and pulled every lever he possibly could and you probably get you get like I said ijf1 goes along with growing in positive nitrogen balance all sorts of things so that lever is kind of getting pulled along the way and then if you try to add more in you can't pull the lever down anymore if it's already all the way down so can i pick you back off that real quick yeah and i'll tell you why um i get i get trolled and someone wants to bust my ass every now and then about me flexing about using you know Sarah stem and you know you you you you suck for as much Sarah stem as you use and i just want to point this out because this goes along with what you're saying Scott i'm 55 years old i've been doing a shit for 41 years i have said more times that i could possibly even try to count that i am mediocre at best and because i'm trying to kind of cross the finish line in the sport so to speak i want to pull all the levers and i want to leave nothing on the table so if i'm spending a lot of money on Sarah stem that someone else would be like oh that's crazy you're not that good you suck the reason is just because when it's all said and done and the finish line is closer than it is for some clown who's trolling me at 30 years old a quite frankly doesn't have a very good physique himself or themselves it's kind of an odd you know thing when you try somebody and you're not all that good but anyway that's why so before anybody if they're listening you're getting ready to throw a full fuck out of me i don't get i'm not going to leave anything on the table and i want to make sure that the GH maybe i'm not responding any better i think i am because i wouldn't spend that money if i didn't think that i that i was benefiting from it but i can at least do that and know that i've pulled all the levers yeah when it's all said and done so i'd say eat a bag of dicks but that's probably not politically correct but that's why i do the things so that there's kind of no stone left on turn and at the end of the day i can say you know what i try to do everything i could and i still suck you know or you know okay i got a little you know i didn't get a little better and it's it's something that i was willing to do i just i wanted to piggyback to that it's just every now and then someone's got to jump in there and they have to you know remind you that you you're just not very good if you were to see the people who's it's it like you said it's you know they're usually not better than you they're they're usually it's rare that somebody who's like a when's the last time you had like you know good pro that comes on and starts talking crap to somebody else it's trying to body but it's always yeah somebody that's not sure well i'm chick real yeah good point good point but but yes but so she's the role i think he's just kind of jealous of all the guys that compete today and yeah exception of the rule but in general when it's if we were to see those people the people who were like skinny you suck you know you probably wouldn't even give them the time of day you know even they wouldn't say shit to him either that's the thing they wouldn't versus yeah but still i mean it's just one of those things i understand the lack of security i understand why but you know i i get it i totally get that but it's still it's still i don't want to say it it hurts and doesn't hurt but it's enough to stay to go god damn like would you not if you had the means and the ability would you not do what i'm doing maybe it's jealousy you know try to try to put your third year old self in my position at 55 and wanting to make you know what i got a few healthy when i say healthy physically healthy like knees and back in it yeah i'm just doing i'm doing like man we need a lot i'm trying to do it the best i can like anybody else is doing yeah couple thoughts one of the empty cattle empty can rattles the most yeah you know and the other thing is is like it's a common thing people do this and sometimes the things you say about others oftentimes speak more about yourself true and it's an interesting thing this happens on life is phenomenon the way i sort of see that stepping back away is this person is framing your life choices through his his perspective and things that he wouldn't do and when you sort of take that idea and look at it from other angles it's like so someone could say to me it's like why do you spend so much money and time on your dogs just the waste they're just dogs they're just like whatever what are you doing with that like it's like why do you have like you got about 80 thousand dollar car you don't need an 80 thousand why you drive in that car around or like like play like anybody like you have a look at this and you can go to the grocery store and get fresh fruits and vegetables why do you have your own garden like what a waste time you go down the line about how people live their life and for you body building is your life in a certain sense it's what you've done it's what you love to do it's what you want to do and if you want to like somebody want to go and they're by a Lamborghini and they're going to ride that thing it's like you don't need you need a Lamborghini to get to the grocery store or in a fashion you don't it's because you want the friggin Lamborghini do you need to do all these things no is there a practical utility for someone else is at their their taste no but it's what you want to do and it's unfortunate because what I see from that sometimes it's an online thing but there's with that is sort of a lack of empathy to say you know what just someone who lives differently than than me and I need to criticize them instead of sit back and say why would he this guy just has a passion for body building and he wants every friggin lever he can this is what he does and if you see someone else like saves a rock climber you know people could say this like oh that's so dangerous right you're going to fall on break your ass but you see that guy who like tries to he wants the climb every friggin mountain and he trains his ass off and trains his fingers and he maybe reduces his body weight so his lighter he goes all friggin in that person I say that's the badest friggin thing I've ever seen this guy's absolute animal and he looked at you doing the same thing and you're domain and think yeah what are you doing like you look like shit it's like you know people that are really into a skill or a lifestyle when they see someone else that's like like let's say a really good like violinist or something maybe it's not my thing what you're kind of is I really enjoy watching people that are really good at music but like I could never do that but I have a massive appreciation to them at a time and must have taken to develop that skill and I think like what I'm saying is I think people will maybe in that realm whether some musicians or rock climbers or whatever we're talking about can see like okay that person's obviously dedicated a lot of their time and energy to research learn train eat whatever takes to build that physique and I think they develop an appreciation to and it's always people that don't really have something that they're grounded in that like to throw these things out they can't emphasize they just think they think that's what I'm saying the empty of realizing how much time and energy it takes to be proficient and good as something it may be they could a little bit more if it was in real person you know like we were in trouble maybe that's a little bit able to connect if that was not just you know this this kind of we're not real people we're figures on the computer you know and I mean kind of thing it's easy to poke fun at people in that situation yeah for sure hey I thought of one other thing I just wanted to mention I don't know if I ever told you this guy but before I knew the inside of body building I remembered hearing John Meadows talk on a podcast and up into this point most of my education had been in body building from people I knew or message boards and and if you go to the gear message boards the source boards they're going to promote a lot the guys that really post a lot on those boards a lot of times are the guys who run the biggest cycles you know and I really headed in my head that you needed IGF everybody would all the pros there was something there I was at that point still there's things that they're doing that I'm not doing and I remember hearing John on a podcast it was a moment that woke me up he said yeah IGF never took that never took that stuff and I was like whoa never took that stuff I assumed he must have taken a lot to get the size he was at that time you know what I mean yeah yeah and since some degree it's just just the opposite the guys who become the best pros of the guys that just like you did what really not that they don't end up maybe using lots of stuff but I know many people that's like you basically weren't even on a cycle that was the stupidest thing ever and you still or you know almost got your pro card at the national level show it's like if you started in things right so the ones that have really good not the John didn't work as that's off right you they have this perception it's like the bigger they are the more stuff they have to use and there's that's one feature of it but the bigger they are the more responsive they are and the better they probably did and probably look better than the average person way better with almost nothing and that's the part that isn't immediately obvious and like you do need IGF one to look like John did no nope apparently not well I think that's why I'm back in the boards you know the board battle days that people struggle with fill he's not using what everybody else was using they just were not going to accept that and they were never going to believe it yeah yeah that whole that whole talk that I do why you don't look like a pro it's all about all the very like John yeah people don't want it's just a hard pill to swallow yeah to seal that we saw that with today like all those GH graphs same thing that's why I put the standard deviation that's a little sidebar and standard deviation you see that with everything basically that it's a basis of just one statistical what we have doing statistics in the biological sciences is that we have a normal curve and there's huge variability and so fill heads that one into the spectrum it's just all there's to it right no matter how hard you train you're not going to be as fast as it was saying bolts it doesn't matter how much stuff you use for he's just better genetically as a printer so we appreciate you hanging with us yeah no kidding we appreciate you hanging with us Scott we appreciate you coming on man guys of course go to uh b y o b b coach dot com you can get Scott's book there and I'll post the link in the description here because you can buy the hard cover you get the hard cover of Scott's book autographed by Scott we'll put that link down below and a portion of that money goes to the ASPCA to help with animals of course go to bodyberry.com to reach out to Andrew team skip dot com to reach out to skip go to uh magnetic diets at jmail.com if you want to email me about coaching and of course true nutrition dot com get your team skip over there with code think and supplement source dot c a four Canadian thank you guys for Patreon oh Scott can we do a quick bonus question okay we had that question that was for you and I think it was going to be it's like I know there's more as long as I get some ginsu and I that's this question then all right um like o d mia remember that yeah Chris is wife he says uh question from muscle mind and honestly it's probably not the kind of question that's going to be like oh everybody's going to want a tune in for this but there may be some people out there that could benefit from it coaches that have that one client that has the yeah so yeah this is my wife has a little bit of a good story is a disproportionate amount of fat in her thighs and bum uh this fat does not come off like regular fat and has some quite uncomfortable hard nodules that cause her pain uh she gets very lean overall um her body full abs capped delts very detailed back but the legs do not change much due to this condition do you have any experience with clients with this condition um and are there any medications that might help considering a low dose of GH happy to provide picks and more details to help um she is savage trainer and credibly meticulous with her diet cheers so you I looked into that a little bit because you sent that to me before we started recording and I looked at it I actually I've never forget there's a woman who competed in the shows in Arizona I did years ago who was shredded in her upper body and her lower body looked like it belonged to somebody else it was really just kind of crazy I was still kind of bad for her cause you could tell she suffered man she went hard so another term for lipidema lipo edema or two ways it's some it is also lipolgia so pain and due to fat like palgia alge means pain like fibromyalgia for instance so there's pain that's involved as he noted in that um and one thing I found and this is just like this is this was a example of me getting in the google scholar looking around and just I just it wasn't a deep dive at all I just like skin the surface but it looks like and I would have to ask this or an intake with someone a doctor in this case would be important but it looks like some of this can be brought on through estrogen and he she may have noticed this when she went through puberty potentially and if it is an estrogen related phenomenon which is a couple papers seem to be insinuating again I didn't read them um and there's a genetic factor here too like 60 to 80 percent of people have a family history of this of women so there might be an estrogen related strategy that he could talk with his doctor about maybe trying a sermon as an in an off-label used by a block as a prescepter the ashtray receptor and see if that's helpful because she has a beseigh from bodybuilding something she has a knee just because it hurts yeah yes yes this is just this painful fatty nodules on her legs like that that needs to go if you can take care of that so if someone came to me like doing consultation like that I would look into that and dig into that look at that idea I can't prescribe anything of course but that's the thing that we talked before about estrogen in fact that's the thing that seems like it's related to this and as a thought without knowing what he would say but if this is something she didn't have as a child presumably she doesn't and then she noticed when because body composition boys and girls is pretty similar up until puberty and then things go very different directions so if she noticed when she gained body fat during puberty and that's when that happened it's probably the estrogen would be implicated or maybe estrogen turned on those genes it may be the block and the estrogen receptor went to it didly there may be a study out there that I haven't seen where they've done that and treated that way or maybe she'll find a doctor will say you know hey we can give it a go you know I don't know how old she is she may not it would be crazy to see that she does everything she can and then she becomes postmenopausal and then it goes away right yeah oh shit you know I could have just blocked estrogen or it gets much better so that would be my first thought but that's just because I had like 10 minutes to look I've also seen some stuff about estrogen dominant in particular so high estrogen and very low-progesterone levels so I think along with what you're saying Scott maybe a sermon some sort but then also checking progesterone levels regularly maybe even just on therapy could help out yeah now it's also depending on her age you know it might be one of those things where the cake the cake is cake or the cake is baked and yeah I mean it's but if it were attacked like in her 20s like like Scott was saying because you don't really see it in teenagers until they go through puberty right and then then what I see technically or typically is like when women start to gain a little bit more weight you know maybe go through their college years and beyond because I think back to two clients I had in personal training 20 years ago and that's when it really kind of set on and I'm wondering if maybe no one would I know now if I would have said hey let's do labs because I didn't understand labs 20 years ago let's really look at your labs and let's attack estrogen and let's possibly look at bringing progesterone levels up maybe you need some support there could we have maybe we couldn't reverse it but could we have stopped it from accumulating and get worse and the thought too I don't know if she's ever tried you'll himby but I've seen couple females that really did well with losing lower body fat with you himby so the estrogen receptor upregulates the alpha adrenal receptor and himby blocks that the alpha tubes in particular so that's one reason why there's a lower body fat distribution tendency among women is because of what estrogen does in terms of the adrenal receptors there so that'd be one thing I mean you know she could try just an over the counter and see what so what it does it's not going to be magical but then it like and reset and a interconologist would be the way to go get a hand on the motor button injectable your himby right to the right to the site oh yeah or a trans hermal there were trans hermal yeah yeah yeah all right well I appreciate you guys hanging to tackle that additional that was like a bonus question for everybody hanging out at the end of the show and for Chris our patreon subscriber and for another episode of I wanted to almost say muscle minds I was getting ready to say muscle minds of blood sweat here guys blood sweat muscle minds yeah this is what in gear