Hey, what's up guys? So on the last episode of Muslimines, we talked all about the central nervous system. We learned how as you get stronger, your central nervous system becomes more resilient, it helps you to be able to push heavier loads and increase your intensity in your training. Today we're going to talk about the flip side of that coin and how as body builders, it's important that as we get stronger that we're using our muscle and not our central nervous system to move the weight. Scott has a bunch of charts, graphs, and studies and we are going to dig into the science as usual, today on Muslimines. What's up guys? Welcome back to Muslimines, we Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McDelio, over programming is brought to you by True Nutrition. And today we are going to dive back into a central nervous system adaptation from training. And what did you say here, Scott? This is like applying central nervous system, at training adaptations to produce muscle growth. Yeah, it sort of gives some more specific context to things we talked about last time, like all this stuff related to the central nervous system. But specifically, just some like, none of this is there's more update information, but this is from all these are taken from a georetical that a guy named Digby Sale put out a long while ago. It's hard to study these things in the context of resistance exercise and training, but it's some basic ideas. And here's the overall context, it's really kind of important. And I have actually a lot more in a particular talk that I give. On the Mind Muscle Connection. And the main theme is that our bodies and our nervous system, particular have been engineered through nature, through our biology, through evolution, to find the most economical, quote-efficient way to lift loads and to produce movement. So, it's a huge investment in just making them muscle bigger when you can, obviously get better performance just by changing how you drive it. Yes. How the nervous system activates it. We see that with that first thing that I mentioned, like right at the beginning, I think of the last podcast we did was where if you look at the extent to which muscle strength goes up in a newbie, you can double your strength in a matter of half a year, easily, for many people, but you have a double your muscle mass. So, that's the nervous system. And the nervous system is it's so much easier to get more skillful in a certain way. Oh, even though you wouldn't consider these like skilled movements, just picking something straight up. But obviously like Olympic lifts, squats, you know, multi-joint movements, due in tail, a good amount of skill, but there's actually underneath what's going on. All sorts of very important things that are adaptations that allow you to get so much stronger. We're not going to go into it. Like a ton of those, we can if people have questions or if you do, well, I'll expound upon some of the ideas. But like even things like you look in the brain at the parts of the motor areas that are involved with sending signals down to the muscles. During a concentric burst, the eccentric movement. So when you lift burst, you load different areas of the brain is activated. Turn on and off for each aspect of those. No kidding, turned on and off. So I'm thinking, I think of things being turned on, but I wouldn't think of other areas being turned off, but it does make sense. I mean, they're different patterns. They require substantially different amounts of muscle mass being activated. Concentrics, you're much weaker relative to the eccentric. And that's a function of speed. So the faster movement, the less amount of force you can produce, concentrically, whereas, eccentricly, you can produce more force than you can voluntarily. And it's pretty much an absolute certainty that some of that, that you have some level of inhibition during an eccentric movement, even maxile eccentric. There's probably some inhibition EMG suggests that the amount of force that most people can produce during maximum lengthening contractions when you get in an isochinetic machine, for instance, and you force as you down on any extension or whatever thing. You just can't produce as much force relative to the muscle that's there than you can when you force that muscle to contract with electroslimulation. Your brain, your nervous system, the inhibitory influences are definitely there to protect you from just tearing the muscle. Yeah. So to lift a load, let's say, let's say I had a 20 pound dumbbell here and I curled it up. If I still activated a sin amount of muscle, that dumbbell would never go down, unless eventually I had to teagull and I just wouldn't be able to hold it up. But assuming when we take the teagull out of the picture, you lift something up, and then to lower it, you have to activate less muscle. Yeah. You have to turn off some of those neurons. The data is kind of mixed as to what the population is of the neurons used to lift versus low. Some people have suggested that there's even sort of a different sub-population of neurons. Like you might use more type-tools, maybe, but probably not. There's some data suggesting that when lowering things, some of that's probably a function of training. But in a very basic level, just lifting and lowering involves a totally different activation pattern. It's like forward and reverse on your car. Yeah. That's kind of what you're doing. Like, you think about it. Like, if something in the mechanism of your car that allows you to go forward and backward, we're to grow by virtue of driving really fast and driving back harder than just keeping driving over the theme spot over and over, which is what we do. We lift and lower away repeatedly. Then you can see that there's a totally different things. Putting the car in drivers, putting it in reverse, is a complete change in the basic function of the vehicle. Certainly, a change in direction. So neurologically, it's completely different. So anyway, the point of that, that's just one little piece that shows you like there's so much involved with the nervous system that's going to step in and make it such that, you know, if we can just make a nervous system adjustment in skill or motivated activation pattern, firing rate or they call it rate coding sometime, sometimes, then that's a much simpler thing to do, you know, then to make the muscle bigger. It's sort of like, you want to drive faster? Well, for a given level of effort or given level of foot pedal pressure on your accelerator, well, you'll just press the accelerator a little bit more. That's like a nervous system adaptation. Very simple one to do. Or you could go out and get a bigger engine. That just runs at a faster speed for a given RPMs and signal from the foot pedal. That's a huge pain in the ass when the most immediate thing you can do is simply get better at learning how to drive faster, which just means pressing on the accelerator more. Yeah. So our whole system is set up to be able to make those adjustments by changing the nervous system, because there's so many points of flexibility in neural plasticity that are available there, which don't require the outlay of energy that comes with building muscle, which is a huge, you know, everything I've talked about with changing the architecture of the style, the satellite cells and the amount of food you have to eat and make it sure enough protein available and rest. And like that's a giant deal like, who's ever changed an engine block? I haven't, but it's a big fucking deal to change the engine into vehicle, you know? They did it to my F350. It took a while. I got a brand new engine in there after I blew out the other one. Yeah, remember? That's a big, frigging deal, you know, easier just to drive a little with a little more accelerator. Yeah. And that's what the nervous system is. So, so the trick then is, and this is why I want to just talk about this for a while, I've let people kind of get an understanding for how good the nervous system is with that, is to, is to make sure that you're doing things that put the stress on the muscle, especially in the context of progressive overload. Because that's the thing, as you probably know, anyone who's done progressive overload, you just look at the log book and you just want to beat that damn log book. And you can beat those reps just by going faster, getting sloppy, there's a million ways to do it. But that doesn't necessarily mean that you provide it more stress and stimulus for the muscle. And the other side of the coin is that doesn't necessarily mean that those increases that you see in reps or load in the log book, represent more muscle that you gain. There may be that you just got sloppy or with your form or you went faster or something like that. Throughout an anecdote, which is was pretty fascinating. I'll never forget this. I think I've been mentioning this on this podcast before, but long time ago, like literally almost, gosh. This was over, this is 25 years ago, maybe. I was in grad school. I was training people in the morning at a gym. And I had a guy come in and he and his dad both came in. And his dad had worked to own the construction company. He was a contractor. He'd work construction as entire life. And you could tell he's a rugged guy. Just strong and had to be strong to do what he'd done. It's not also work construction. I think his son, maybe, was now sort of more on the administrative side. So they wanted to start training. The dad had work construction. Now he's not doing that kind of thing. He's like, I'm getting a little bit fat now. So I'm not working. And we got a business gotten bigger. So they wanted to find a trainer and start exercising. And we're just starting, I'm just giving them basic stuff, like trying to show them how to do things. And I'm noticing with the dad that he has, everything we're starting to do, he has an inability to just activate the target muscle. He wants to use as much muscles as he possibly can. Because that's exactly what you want to do when you're on a job site. Yeah. You know, if you're going to go pick something up, you don't, you know, you don't stand up upright and try to do like a strict curl with it. Great. You can throw your legs, not your little back as much as you can. And you gauge much muscle mass. You use momentum. You don't get things moving. You dynamically move them. If you've got to throw some sandbags up to the back of your pickup truck, you don't squat down and stand up with them. And then do a strict curl and put them on like some kind of a robot and assembly lines. You exert the least amount of energy possible. Yeah. So his nervous system, he had done so many tens, maybe hundreds, thousands of repetitions of that kind of shit through the course of his life that it was really weird. It was like totally foreign to try to do it any differently. Similar probably like a power lifter who comes to bodybuilding. That's exactly the difference that I talk about being at that talk is that power lifting the ideas that you can gauge as much muscle mass as you can to do the top of the big three lifts in a way that, you know, matches whatever the standard is, you know, the correct depth and everything else. You want to gauge everything, everything available because that gives you more driving force. You're not trying to like just use your pecks to do a bench press. No, they're all. It's completely opposite. You want to use everything possible. You know, people talk about hip and leg drive on a bench press. Yeah. You know, as long as you're not butts not coming off the bench and whatever things are illegal in, you know, your federation, do it. You just matters that the weight moves from point A to point B, where it's bodybuilding is really pretty much the opposite. In most cases, especially isolation exercises, you're trying to like get the other muscles out of the, except with one exception, which we can talk about too because this is something I want to maybe do a whole podcast on it, but definitely need to do a post on, on sloppy form. And I've talked about it here before, but how that actually makes sense in terms of producing muscle growth, some slop in your form. Okay. Yeah, that would be a good, that would be a fun topic. We should do that. It's, I mentioned it with a no one seems to get this and it's just like it's just, it's, yeah, it's definitely one of my hobby horses, I guess you might say, it's where I talk to those. All right. Well, I'll make no to that one. Yeah. So with this older guy though, so he's doing everything like this, I'm like, let's just do some curls. I said, actually, let's just do some dumbbell concentration curls. Okay. So, you know, we get down, block off your elbow and the inner part of your knee and you've got the dumbbell there and your hunker down. All I want to do is just see movement at your elbow joint, just like pure, and I, well, sometimes let's say to people imagine, like if you're a bit in a like Walt Disney world, I think they have one of those rides where it's like the Pirates cover, some shit. You hit it on a log ride, thing you put through the water and like they have all the pirates in the ghost and those sorts of things and like the first pirates like, welcome to Walt Disney World. And it's just like, you know, one joint is moving like nothing else is completely, you know, not authentic for a human, you can tell it's just purely robotic. That's what I'm saying. Just be like one of those, one of those really cheap robots. I just want to see movement in the one joint, nothing else. So he's hunker down, I can't really kind of see me here in the video, but he's hunker down and he's curling up and he's pulling his shoulder down. That and he's arching his back and I'm like, no, don't do that. And literally, I had, I put my arms around, he showed us, I don't, I don't want your shoulder to bounce into my hands. I want your shoulder to stay right where it is. Movement only at this elbow joint. He could not do it. Holy shit. Yeah. He literally, because because that's not how you would pick, you know, you throw some body in English, English into it. That's exactly what that's what you see people do when they're doing cheat curls. Yeah. He couldn't not do a cheat curl, so to speak, because he had just been programmed for so long. So that's a highly evolved in a certain way, nervous system, the loud that guy to do heavy manual labor for like decades and not be completely broken down. Just figured out how to do it the right way. And I had some guys come out, help me move, actually, some of my gym equipment. There was a guy who was like the veteran of the leader of the group. And he was, he was, he was leased in his mid late 40s and actually kind of a smaller dude, really, really skinny. Like, his body, that was like, zulch. Yeah. Because it's just working all the time. It's really kind of interesting talking to them. He outworked all these dudes. Yeah. But he just, but you could just see how he moved. He was like, it was like, artistry emotionally, it's for me in watching him, picking up all, I'm like, I knew how much that shit made because I moved it myself several times. And I'm like, I'm just not moving this one again. It goes worth my while and instead it's spending three days to have these guys do it three hours. And it's like the guy had just all these really highly evolved motor programs. But he was literally skinny as a rail. He was probably, I don't know, maybe my height and 110 pounds. Holy crap. It really, really thin. If you would think he was, had like, he was very bright and very animated. Like he was a healthy guy. Tell that you could be, you just drink gatorade most of the time all day long. I think he might have been on meth. I think he might have been on meth, Scott. I think you're making a mistake about the healthy thing here. Maybe, I don't know. I don't know. Maybe he could have been. He's been Florida. I talked to him because we went and picked it up and moved things over. He didn't seem like he was on meth. And he'd been doing this a long time. Most meth addicts wouldn't last like decades. Good point. Good point. Yeah. I mean, you got about six to nine months running that speed if you're on meth. How many teeth did he do? But he did see. Say what? Not that. I'm sorry. Go ahead. You say how many teeth did he have? Yeah. No. That's the thing. He was a really bright, vibrant guy. Yeah. That's why I kind of remember him. And I watched, you know, and he's like, he's like, a bit, you think you could do this. I'm like, I have no, I have no. No, I'm not delusional all. There's no way. I like the boost shit around that thing. But you guys would just wreck me. I'd be just, I'd be totally broken down after a week of it. And as you probably had lots of big guys come to you, think they can just do this shit. No problem. It's like all the time. We just eat them up and spit them out. I'm like, I know you do. So he was, actually, this is a really good example. I hadn't plan on talking about. But he was a great example of someone who was able to move really, really heavy loads. But with great efficiency or economy on a regular basis, all day long. So a huge volume of heavy lifting, not resistance exercise like in the gym. But huge volume of heavy lifting on a daily basis without nutritional support. And a highly evolved set of neural programs that allowed him to know how to pick things up. And he would like, someone was, he knew how to use a foreclip. He knew how to use the dollies that they had, carpet dolly, whatever dolly. But he also was just really good at picking things up. You could just see how he just knew how to pick the right leverages in the right angle. So that's what people do on a leg press. You show that video and people will know that you can move more weight if you don't go as deep on a leg press. Well, the purpose on the leg press and there's a study that just came out. I think I saw it through mass. I didn't read it all, but because I subscribed to their newsletter. It's a good news for the newsletter, it's not a fact. But they showed increases in glute. And I believe also hamstring size as well as quad with deep squatting, whereas only the shallower squatting, maybe it was 90 degrees, but it wasn't like asked to grasp, only produces produce growth in the quads. So most of the people want to squat for their entire leg. The entire, you know, the glutes and the thigh muskature. That's what happened with the deep squatting. But you know you can move more weight and get more reps with shallower squats. And obviously, if that's all you're looking for. So that very obvious notion, which people call other people out on for all the time, and the squatting inches of mile, as they say, is the same thing that applies that a much more nuanced level that we're not even totally aware of, because of all these things that are sort of programmed into our brain in terms of neural activation. So anyway, let's see which figure makes sense for real, figure, and I can kind of talk people through this a lot of this is just from one study. I agree. I have a mile, I downloaded them from you in order here. So I have the first second, third, fourth, and fifth one here. That first one with the trained arm. Yep, got it. And that's a nice one. That shows a couple of different things at once. Okay, that one is up. So that shows, that's just, this is all from a viewer to call, like find the original. But that shows a bilateral training study where you see a couple things happen. They trained one arm, sort of unilateral training. So they trained one arm, and the other arm was not trained. So if you look across at the bar graphs, they're a strength at the very top. You've got a greater strength in the trained arm, but this also commonly noted cross-training effect was apparent there in strength as well. So the untrained arm on the right actually increased in strength. And that wasn't trained. So the nervous, this is a really, really common cross-training effect called most of the time. And this is why people will say, hey, you should, in order to maintain strength in an arm that's been casted or side of your body that's been injured in some reason that you can't train or it's going to mobilize, train the good side. I've heard that. Yeah. Yeah. This is the main rationale for that is that you maintain the neurological adaptations that are contribute to your strength in doing so through the of this cross-training effect. You could see, actually, if you look at the activation level, this is the third bar graph down. This is at max activation. You see, this is just a rough thing. It's probably a root mean square, EMG measurement, just a generic level of total electrical activity, maximal electrical activity. So the rough, raw neural input descending from the brain to the biceps, the elbow flexors in this case. I think it was, is greater because not in the untrained arm because the other arm was being trained. So activation levels have gone up. So you mean you can maintain those neurological adaptations by training a good side and it will still carry over across over to the other side. So you can see over the course of the training there was about a 10% let's maybe 8% increase in cross-sectional area from the trained arm which was on the left. And then if they relish up the, so here's what's kind of interesting. If you relish the act amount of activation during a max effort, relative to the force that was produced, that actually went down. So something about the activation was more coordinated such that the amount of activation produced, the electrical activity in general produced, the given amount of force was reduced. And those are some of the deeper aspects of neural adaptations that are really pretty cool. We probably don't need to get into, I don't want to get too far off top of that. But you basically get better, or logically speaking, at producing more force as well as you produce, you don't have to expend as much activation energy. You become more skilled which is what's represented there in that amount of activation for a given amount of force. So, each amount of force is actually also relatively easier because of the neurological adaptations as well as the fact that in this case, because they're testing during the movement that they actually trained with, there's more muscle mass there. Okay. So you would expect, if you say amount of activation with the bigger muscle, we'll just give you more force. So that would produce that activation relative to force value. So there's two things that are going on there. One, nervous system is adapted, it's figured out how to be more energetically efficient in terms of sending the neural impulses down to produce amount of force. And now you have a bigger motor in the way of having a bigger muscle. So you see that. Okay. So, and that's like, that's a percent change of over 30 percent or 20 percent in the untrained arm. So that's pretty pretty substantial in terms of just EMG. Our sorry, sorry, strength. Whereas the cross-sectional area went up like 8 percent. So here we're talking about a four-fold greater increase in strength relative to the increase in cross-sectional area. Okay. So you want to talk like real roughly. It's like only one fifth of your strength gains could be explained by increase in cross-sectional area. And increase by muscle, you're saying. Yeah, more muscle. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense, I guess. If you get, I mean, it takes, you have to get a lot stronger for a long time before you see a muscle change. And you got that guy who was the skinny dude who was lifting a lot but it didn't show up as muscle for him. He may, he probably had genetics be kind of thin. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. You want to use that term. He was an eating to support. He was doing anything to try to get bigger. In fact, here's the thing. And in his case, everyone's got a different genetic programming but given what he was doing, having that phenotype, having a body that's like that because he was really moved pretty quickly too. And he moved all day long. So he actually had sort of a strength endurance type of physical load that he was presented with, you know, probably five out of seven days out of the week. Yeah. So rather than rather than the body saying, okay, well let's, let's do this. You're picking up really heavy shit. Let's, you know, put on 50 pounds of muscle that you didn't have to carry around with you. Mm-hmm. Which is dead weight. Or like half, like I'd say you half of your time is going back to get the next load. Mm-hmm. So 50 percent of the time you're just dragging the dead weight around, then you have to eat to accommodate all of that. Well, he was an eating to accommodate all of that. I don't, I think you literally, which is drinking gator. A lot of those guys, you know, who work, especially here in Florida with show-hottle, you want to do with get fluids in. Yeah. You're not, you're not trying to eat a big meal, man. You know, you get something to breakfast maybe, and then you should enjoy a meal with you at home. So that was a really, that was a very smart way for his system to adapt. Obviously, he knew how to move the weights around. His nervous system had adapted in a way that made it, he made him really, really proficient at doing all that. So we're trying to hack the system and basically avoid becoming proficient to certain degree. But at the same time, use the loads that come with progressive overload as a way to stimulate and send that specific signal that we're not, there's going to be no neural adaptations that are involved here with making this easier to do. We're going to continue to stress the muscle in a way that really sort of sends the signals, like, okay, we're going to have to get bigger because that's just the nature of the beasts. There's no way around it. And plus there's plenty of traditional enabalism supplements or super supplements just the port that kind of kind of grow. So how do we do that? That's the question. That's the question. Okay. I got to come more things. So this is what's interesting here. So let's throw up. We can skip this. The train arm and train arm with the two plots. We'll skip that. Okay. We'll go to the one that has the guy at the top sort of little squatting figure got him. He's up. So this is a study where they trained individuals using a squat. And they increased muscle size in the quads by about 10% I believe it was. I have the, there you go. Just popped up. I have the, the actual original study here. I shouldn't, shouldn't put that in there. So here's the interesting thing. So they, they trained for, how long it was. I could look at it. Standard training regime increased in squat one rep max was about 70% pretty substantial. But that's all they did to increase to train. They didn't do, they weren't doing leg presses. They weren't doing any extensions. They were just squatting. So when they tested one rep max on the squat, we went up quite a bit. Yeah. Fortunately, they didn't make any EMG measurements on the squat or elsewhere. But they did do it on the extension. I'll get to that in just a second. Okay. So, what's the compound movement you're driving with your hips and your knees? So they also tested strength on leg press. Because they had that there in the lab. A lot of times, let's just test all the shit they have there. Yeah. And you got some strength gains in the leg press. But they didn't train with that leg press. So there was a carryover. So this shows very distinctly the specificity of training principle. Is that if you's trained to get stronger or, or, or bigger using squats, you're going to get stronger during squatting movements. And it's going to be greatest during the particular movement that you employ. Makes sense. You try to take take that strength and apply it to a leg press. It's pretty close. You only get about half the strength gains in this particular study. They didn't train the leg press. But it's, but it's not two different terms of the segments being a compound movement, etc. Now remember, they've got it by bigger quad. So they put them on an e-extension and also did a, a, a maximum voluntary contraction. So that's an isometric. And they didn't do any of those in their training. But it's just an e-extension. You just sit there. They strap you in. You say kick out your knee as hard as you can. They got bigger quads. 10% is substantial. You'll see that. That's visible. Yeah. Like that's a before and after you'd post, you know, on social media. I'll take that leg. Yeah, that's pretty damn pretty good. No increase in strength. Nothing. No increase on the leg extension, huge increase in the squat, which they trained. Some increase on the leg press, which they did not train, no increase on the leg extension. That's a prize, doesn't mean I guess. No carry over. Yeah, one. Wow. Yep. The EMG actually went down a little bit. So they kind of speculated to what could that possibly be. Literally there there, there, every, I mean, there's a little bit of a blip there. But it wasn't significant. Basically within measurement error. They got nothing. Wow. There's a couple of things that could happen. Well, first of all, that's totally non-specific to how they trained. So in fact, if you think about it, when you're training and doing the squat, and this is another kind of a mind-fuck for people who haven't thought about it before, but you're activating both your hamstrings and your quads simultaneously. Obviously. Right? So you've got something going on, you know, at your hamstring, for instance, and even in your rectus or Morris, but in your hamstring, particularly, it's called Lumbar's Paradox, because if anyone who's, if anyone who's, well, well, this is sitting down, they can, they can think about this. So when you stand up from a seated position, at your hip joint, you're extending at the hip. Right? Hip extension. So that's your hamstrings, which crossed both the hip and the knee. And your hamstrings are doing a concentric contraction. So they're shortening, right? Yeah. And they're contracting. We know this. You can feel it when you stand up. And but your hamstrings also cross the knee. So what kind of contraction is being produced when you consider the hamstrings, and the knee when you're extending at the knee, while the hamstrings are contracting? Are they getting shorter or getting longer thinking about just the knee? The hamstring? Uh-huh. They're contracting, but the knee is extending, not flexing. They would be getting longer. Yes. So what's going on with the hamstrings? They're shortening relative to the hip, and extending relative to the knee. Yeah. The paradox. Yeah. Okay. I guess it's a little bit more paradox. Yeah. So that's a translation of angular momentum that happens in bi-articular muscles. They sort of function to bring about like, you take some of the torque that's produced by the glutes and the hip extensors, and they get translated into the knee, and it's basically a bi-bicanical phenomenon that's really pretty cool, that you see in like jumping and running muscles. So anyway, the reason I bring that up is that now you go from squatting, or even leg pressing, where you've got hamstrings and quads being activated, and a coordinated manner during these movements, like maybe not changing the length of much in the hamstrings, but definitely being activated, the quads are obviously shortening and lengthening. We're not thinking about the directions for more so now, because that's also a bi-articular, but the other three quad muscles are doing concentric at eccentric contractions. So that's how you train, and now when you come and sit down on a knee extension, and you just try to do a knee extension, what the hell your hamstrings supposed to do? I see. Nothing, right? Because they're not needed, but you will have co-contraction when you do that. But then they demonstrate that when they, you know, you bring people in, you say just do a knee extension, their hamstrings will fire up, so that could have been reducing the force, especially because the way they trained required both hamstring and quads contraction the same time or co-contraction. So at any rate, there was no strength gain there on the, on the, on the knee extension at all. Even though there was muscle-sized gain. So let me see if anything else you're worth looking into before I dig in to kind of translate some of this stuff in what it really means. Yeah, let's go to, we can come back to those that we need to. Let's go to the last, the last one that shows a drop jump. All right, got it. Just talk about this briefly a little bit. So this shows, remember I talked about inhibition and dis inhibition last time. Yes, for like, those max efforts and how it's like, Jordan is someone who shakes a lot, sometimes that is max effort lifts. That'll happen to people when they're pushing really, really hard. So this figure, let me take a look at it here so I can talk through it. Shows, this is after people had been trained doing drop jumps, okay? Which is a very ballistic movement. So basically, if you look at what's going on in the planar flexors, link your gastrochlor solius, you jump off a box and you bounce off the floor and you get what's called a, it's a stretch shortening cycle and the nervous system hopefully can harness some of that energy and you produce actually an eccentric contraction. At the calf muscle where the Achilles tendon is, I may have mentioned this last time too, that big one at Achilles tendon actually is a giant spring and you load up that spring with tension so that after you hit the ground and you try to jump back up, that tension that's produced, that's in the spring of the Achilles tendon can be harnessed to produce planar flexion to increase the jump that you get. So you get a stretch shortening so you stretch the muscle out in some degree when you land and then it shortens right afterwards and that's basically using the muscle as a rubber band to take advantage of the connected tissue pieces that are in the muscle. The series elastic components as people call them to, as a rubber band to harness the elastic energy and then use that recoil to propel back. So that happens every time we run for instance. That's one of the reasons probably explains at least why you see a lot of the best sprinters in the world. They don't have gigantic calves like you do. They don't because they don't need them. The calf muscle is not there to necessarily drive maximal fast propulsion during a sprint. You just need to have enough muscle to, and having a big tendon is good enough muscle to be able to hold tend to allow that tend to stretch out and gather the elastic energy that then used on the recoil to spring forward during the planar flexion and the drive phase of the running gate. So you don't need a bunch of muscle mass, which you want is a bigger spring. The bigger the spring, the better, the bigger the spring, the smaller the muscle. So you see a lot of really good sprinters who have very small calves. So that's what's going on there. Here's what's happening neurologically. So when you have someone who's untrained, which is that top plot there, that's an EMG, that's electrical activity. That trace shows what happens when they jump off the box and then when they hit in the top trace, you see where it says inhibition there. When you hit the ground and under high force, you start to stretch out that muscle, those inhibitory influences. The Golgi tendon organs come into play and they reduce muscle force as a protective mechanism. And if you, this is what happens to me every time I jump down off of anything. Every jump down off of like, for me it's like anything or about 12 inches, hit the ground and it's just a thud. Yes. You're like, oh, you know, that's that's inhibition. If you're not having any activation of the muscle to create harness some of that energy in the tendons and in the series, it's a lot to come on into the muscle. So you just thought it just like bone on concrete or whatever it's pretty much with a thin layer of shoe sole in between you. So you get inhibition because you're not used to that. And it's like better to sort of crumble and fall than stay upright and produce tensions that are dangerous to the muscle and tear something. I see when you land that hard. Unless you start training, so normally you have inhibition and people think can sort of conceptually grasp that because like that happens every time I step, even off like a high step, it'll feel that way. Whereas someone who's trained will have something else happen. So when they hit the ground, you see the electroactivity increases during that time when they're on the ground before they spring back up after the fox jumps. And that's because you want to have increase activity in the muscle. So the muscle holds tight so the tendon can stretch out. So you want the muscle muscular pieces of muscle all the way through the whole kinetic change from the across the ankle and the knee and the hip to all be nice and solid so that you can use that elastic energy because that's free. It's just coming from gravity essentially and harness that like a rubber ball and bounce back up. In fact, people who get really good at drop jumps like this. This you see this like volleyball players or basketball players or athletes who do a lot of these because being able to jump high receivers, you'll catch a ball with a heavy ball. They can actually do like a three foot drop or even like five or six feet. They can jump off a box that's five feet and end up jumping onto something that's 16 high. They're actually they can harness like almost pretty much all of the energy that comes from the drop and then add to what they're on muscular energy and go even higher. And you see that in people who do a lot of plyometric it's really pretty cool. This is how bad acid nervous system is. People will get better at figuring out how to harness that energy. So you'll have athlete too, you know, when you give them a three foot drop jump they can maybe jump but the highest thing can get after that is four feet. Okay. I'm just making up numbers. These may be off. So then you say, well let's jump into three and a half and then when they then they can get four feet, you know, five inches, you go to four feet and they can get, you know, almost five feet. And the higher you you give them the more energy input you give them from the actual drop, the more their nervous system because it's so fine tune you can harness that as elastic energy and translate it into the hop that they get back up onto the next box. Yeah. Okay. So they couldn't get to four feet with or five feet let's say with the three foot box, which you give them a four foot box that gives them extra drop energy. Yeah. So to speak, to harness for the rebound to get back up onto the next box. So that's a bad acid nervous system, right? Yeah. It's literally like bigger that out, whereas most of us I jump off with something three feet not just open, get that a break. It's a big, you know, walk away. Yeah. Crossing my fingers, you know, and you know, thank my lucky stars. So what happens then and this is something. So this applies, this will be the first thing we can kind of apply to progressive overload as you're moving along your path of trying to get stronger and use your logbook as a guide to drive the stimulus for muscle growth is that when you when you're when you're lifting and you're doing movements to become somewhat ballistic or with somewhat of a bounce at the bottom like people will do on a bench press or variety of movements, you're harnessing a stretch shortening like the sum of degree. Okay. And on the bench press, especially I've seen people who do bench presses and literally you can see the bar like creating this massive indentation in their chest. Oh yeah. You can see the recoil in their rib cage. Oh, the muskna chair is like all bent down. It looks like do you know you made a rubber? It's like they're do the experiment in like science class. We take like a turkey bone. You put it in vinegar. No, leaches out all the minerals. Okay. You know you can do that. You take a turkey bone and put it like the wishbone. You drop it in vinegar. At least out all the calcium phosphate and the bone mineralization. Then you have just the connect petitioner that just really rubbery thing. Weird. That's what it's kind of cool. Yeah, it's very weird. It's like, look, that's kind of a funky looking bone. So people can do that if they want. It's this great thing for kids like it's a nice little science experiment. But you see people who do bench press in some times. Not that often anymore, but who's literally their tripped cages look like that. Like dude, you look like you're you know you're rib cage. Nothing but cartilage because you're just sink in. That strength that they get from that bounce is part of what we're seeing here in a nervous system that's learned how to make use of a stretch sorting cycle in the muskna chair as well as with the bar bounce off the chest and all these other skill-related things that actually increase performance so they can get a heavier weight back up to the starting point. But that's because the nervous system is figured out how to do that. Not so much because they have a larger muscle mass in order to drive that. And I have a little bit of a caveat to that to some degree because you're stronger on an eccentric than you are on a concentric. But so there's sort of a a gray zone here where being somewhat ballistic on some movements makes sense to accommodate those differences in strength. That's the topic for the next podcast on sloppy form. But when you're bouncing things and you can tell you're bouncing things that's making use of a stretch shortening cycle for some degree which is the nervous system. And remember the nervous system is smart and shit. It'll figure out how to how to allow you to get stronger and better in the gym unless you disallow all that and keep your form as consistent as you possibly can. So rep tempo is an obvious one with something like someone has gotten sloppy on a bench or doing a pause where you eliminate the stretch shortening. So you put like, if you're doing your rep counts, you put make that a zero count or even a one count with the pause. Like people sometimes do they'll redo a reset on a dead lift rather than bouncing off the floor. I do that kind of thing. That's yeah. I do that with my bench press too. Especially now that I have my bar with the shoulder-saver pad. I can bring the bar right down to my chest, kind of reset it and then drive, you know, right back down same thing. Right. So is this a good thing or a bad thing? I'm not putting the pieces together in my head here. So it's someone starts off and they've got a little very little stretch shortening cycle involved. And over the course of six months, let's say they continue to bench press or whatever movements they're using were a stretch or a bounce or that sort of stretch shortening cycle like but could be like a full dead or even like dead lifting a rack dead where you bounce the bar off of the supports. Yeah. Anything you get this sort of raffa like bounce from the bottom from the from the from the changeover from the eccentric to the concentric and that's very rapid. That is got some component that's a stretch shortening cycle which is a which is a very savvy way for your nervous system to get that weight moving from an eccentric lowering direction vector back in the other way. And that's just the nervous system doing that. So you could go from not being very good at that and not employing that at day zero of your training blast or your offseason to six months later you've gotten pretty a depth at stretch shortening and having as we see in that last figure you put up facilitation rather than inhibition and what you're seeing in the log book isn't representative of muscle growth. It's representative of a neurological adaptation. I see. Yeah. So that's the whole trick is you don't want the log book to represent that. You want the log book to represent muscle growth to the impossibly can't. It's almost impossible to do that completely. Yeah. Just because it's going to happen even with you know you take a new exercise you keep the rep time for the same. You're still going to have nervous system adaptations. You know that that are going to occur below the strength gain to happen. If you're especially if you're newbie or it's an exercise you've never done before or you're coming back to even if you use a metronome you know you're still going to have activate you're going to still have some neurological and even some other morphological things that will happen that are allowing for those strength improvements or those performance improvements that aren't muscle growth. Okay. So here's what I'm getting then. When I brought this question to you and the prevalic past episode I was I was looking at how this adaptation of central nervous system allows us to dig further, get further into our sets and our reps and be able to handle kind of like more intensity and grind out you know more reps than we might have been able to handle previous years ago. Bonsigo whatever I was seeing this as the positive aspects of this what you're telling us is that the central nervous system because it can get stronger than the amount of muscle you're gaining that it could be a bad thing really that it could a strong central nervous system could be could be overriding the muscle that like you may be getting stronger but it could be your central nervous system getting stronger not that your muscles getting bigger. Well yeah the central nervous something's happening the central nervous system that it's going to go getting stronger but it's getting more depth at moving those loads. Yeah you're getting stronger your performance is better but not because the muscle is like this got bigger but because the central nervous system has developed a better strategy for lifting the weight. Yeah and some of that could be like you know that like digging in and learning how to grind and learning how to psych up and push yourself for many many years and I still have this tendency to do this I will get so riled up and over stimulated I'm like there's an invertee you between performance and arousal level you know you know arousal and you're like just you you know you shit the shit the you know the porch like it's not like you're just like a horrible set like you gotta be ready yeah and then you more and more arousal eventually you know your your extra like a peak arousal level that matches what is needed for the skill aspect as well as sort of the central drive aspect so if it's a squat and let's say Ben Chow is someone who talks about this probably a lot of people have heard of and no Ben's a great guy and he's got a really really proficient squat and for him he very much needs to be very in a calm centered place I'm not trying to speak for Ben but this is what I picked up on from at least three or four times he's mentioned this on who adds podcast when he's been on he goes in and he's not like you know getting slapped around and like you know smelling salts and all this kind of stuff for him he has to find this very very specific new wants skilled groove for his squats so that he can have his best squat performance and the amount of like overall psychological arousal like you know ripper running ready to go like you know breakdown walls that's an easy thing for him that component has to be balanced for him in a certain way so for him if his arousal gets beyond that like if he tried to like you know put on a metallic and screaming yelling bang his head against the bar and get into their squat you know you think he probably fucking himself up yeah it wouldn't be optimal for him at all so your nervous system is going to have and this is what I tend to do sometimes I get to you this fun to get like all fucking crazy stupid and be you know be immediate and what happened then is I will get into the bar and I'm so aggressive with it yes that I will spell will do really wrap it my reps will be rapid yep and part of that rapidity is essentially somewhat of a stretch shortening cycle you'll see like you know if it's over had press and I come down I'm doing this one of this this thing so sort of trying to like really focus on my delts have a good mind muscle connection there I'm doing a lot of shrugging so you're coming down here and I'm shrugging shrugging the weight at that bottom part to get more reps and I'm just throwing the weight around essentially right in a very uncut full of bashing so I'm getting more reps but I got more reps but my arousal level was so high that I didn't keep the form the way it was the previous you know 10 times I done that exercise yeah so that's almost meaningless for for tracking progression in the gym now if you come in every single time and do it that way every single time then that's probably okay to be honest except that of course that's a more injury prone the more dangerous way to way to train you know when you're just sort of letting it rip completely yeah Chris Duffin talked about the same thing when I was asking him about his 1,000 and 1 pound for three reps squat he was saying that in his training he had to remain calm that he he said like you know he was talking about like lifting 900 pounds calm doing that like after week you know that working in those like up in that rep range without getting amped up without getting psyched up in order to to train and have the strength he needed to get where he wanted to be yeah I think and I listened a little bit of his stuff and you tell me this may be maybe maybe wrong but he also had his movement had to be very very precise it was actually a really highly skilled thinker in the dude he's been enough years of his life under heavy loads that being able to address that sometimes like here's the obvious thing that happens people you get under a big squat and if you're not psychologically ready like in that sort of aggressive state yeah and the barks on your back you're like oh fuck this is heavy yeah you don't want that that's not what you want on your mindset so for Chris or someone who's done a lot of that he's he already knows how to get past that and put himself in the right level of aggressive state to handle those super heavy like superhuman loads but what he also needs in order to get those three reps or to training that way is a highly skilled movement yeah so he has to have his wits about him and calm in a certain way he can't be like just you know rip-rung you know just as a absolute maniac lunatic because then he won't have the silk component in place that he needs to have yeah that's just need to be feel that way he doesn't need to offset that the fact the feeling of the heavy load because he's been there yes his home man he's been under those loads you know many many many many many times so it doesn't freak him out he doesn't need a supercompact overcompensate with excessive aggressive arousal like like some people you have to learn how to do that over the years you know so I would love to get him back on and have him on with you I feel like that would be a cool conversation to to get you guys together and talk about this so you know this is funny I'm going to tie some things together we've talked about with what you just said with Chris is that you know over over the years depending on the person's mentality and how that lifting fits with their life probably a number of the things but you know eventually you sort of learn how to out of you know get focused and get aggressive and and be you know take on a high arousal frame of mind in order to handle progressively heavier heavier more difficult and stressful loads and at some point in time like some of us almost as if like you've got that that box has been checked and you can do that like nothing's going to you could always turn the non whenever you need to they would in order to figure that out after learn that you know it's sort of like sort of like a sprinter you know and some people like they learn how some people don't run very well and some people run better than others but rarely do we actually sprint so part of sprinting is it has to be a max effort to sprint but a very big part of sprinting in sprinters know this anyone's ever been like a speed related track athlete they do tons of form running you know high knees and all this kind of stuff like gate that you have is really really important so and they talk about having like a loose jaw or loose hands oh wow you're before and yeah so some people just be representing with so yeah so the idea is that you're like you're driving like you're sprinting it's all out like it's you know if you're a world class person it's you know less than 11 seconds or you know maybe a couple more if you're a woman maybe but it's not a prolonged effort but you have to be relaxed the same time you're putting out a maximum effort so for someone who like who's like once they're running 100 meter dash and they don't really run it's probably the best for them just to run as hard as they can you can be all over the place yeah look like an absolute idiot trying to do that you like you were running from something yeah right exactly so but the highly advanced person knows how to turn on that maximum or how to level and now because of what they're trying that so that's boxes have been checked but now that now there's the skill component which needs to be really really focused as well because you're literally it's sort of like you know when you're lifting that high level with big loads like that and I can't even stab them what that was like for sure I mean like that's that's beyond my level for sure but I I sort of liking it something like it's it's as if you're you're you know it's like dragsters getting it back to like a racing analogy so those big-warm dragsters that they said speed records with like if those get off angle just like a little bit they just go flying off the fucking the track yeah because you're going so fast you should a rocket it's off by like 1% you know I think this happens with rockets too like they shoot they fire so fast and if they're off trajectory by a little bit they just they never they never make maintain an orbital path around the around the earth and they just fly off into space so a little bit of a of an off being off a little bit means makes it a breaks it for those you know high speed high performance rocket like things so if you know Chris has got 900 pounds on his back and he's off by a little bit in some aspect it's form or bend like that's going to the effects that that's going to have because if the loaders are being lifted there terms of joint forces and muscle coordination could be enough to cause a you know tragic injury yeah if he's off by smidge whereas you know it's just squat 1.35 or you know you see like some people like you're seeing people like they just got like stupid strength like quote unquote retard strength they're just like they get that's why they call it this somebody like so naturally strong and you look at me like that form is terrible you could tell they've never done that you know like they they're like I use the term motor more on sometimes like like the person like they're just like all over the place but they're so strong so you can get a that with lighter loads but once you get those higher loads that you can only lift because so much skill is there then your nervous system has to be really really in play and really tuned in so yeah there's a higher level beyond developing the ability to grind that really is a matter of I think the large part what you what you're trying to do those low low rep lifts like triples or doubles or singles like power lifters which I don't try to do you know either so so that's one aspect so let's go back one more thing that this is kind of a big piece okay we go back to that plot with the comparing the squat and the leg press and the knee extension alright give me just a second here that was the one we already looked at yep okay and I'm gonna flip the script back around on you stop see you see I can cause your brain to untwist itself and twist back the other direction alright we've got that one back up okay so here's the interesting thing so this person like if you take the individual on that study they've increased quad size the legs are bigger I'm assuming the hamstrings are everything's gotten bigger because they've squatted and so you logged in ministry returns it's gonna tell us that their squat gains are going to be less and less over time they got that 70% increase in squat run with 100 max over two or three months of training what have you but it's not gonna keep increasing not gonna get you know 140% the next three months and you know another 70% I wish yeah yeah no right it would be awesome and that's what we see in the logbook you pick up a new exercise even if it's not really new for you but it's when you have it done in a bit and you get good for three or four or five workouts you get good strengthings and eventually those will start to Peter off and so you've got you've got something interesting going on there and this is the other aspect of those neurological that neurological component that is sort of going on underneath that we really can't do much about it just the nature of how things work but let's say you're someone who does a really good job your your form is dead on you got a good mind muscle connection your tempo is the same now doing any bouncing or stretch shortening so comparing workout by workout everything is the same but you're you're increasing the load well something is going on there underneath in terms of activations such that you're able to get a better stimulus because your nervous system is learning how to lift those heavier loads at least we hope something great this is where it gets a little bit tricky because it made actually your nervous system if you look back at one of those first blocks we have is that the amount of activation per amount of muscle actually maybe going down but we presume that if you compare like workout one versus workout 10 where everything's the same in terms of your form number of sets follow-up and you've increased your strength by 20 percent that now you're getting a stronger stimulus your because you're lifting heavier loads or using more more weight but you keep going on that and you don't get stronger anymore so you're not able to evoke in your training a greater stimulus from lifting a heavier load or doing more reps you just sort of plateauing out and what you see now then and you saw this at the beginning tube what you see now then is that you're an advanced person you put on five pounds of muscle in the course of a year that's pretty good right and that's distributed over the whole body so let's say two and a half of that is in your lower body let's the primary muscles that are involved with the squat which is taking that example and that two and a half muscle pounds like now you you're getting that over 12 which 12 months so you know what what are we getting like a quarter of a pound every month that's not going to show up as tremendous strength gains so you're not going to see in the gym you can still microload a little bit and that's going to that's definitely helpful to do but you're not so now what is happening strength wise is represented what's happening muscle wise in those lifts that you've been doing for a while but now let's think about the knee extension and think about it just as another lift you now got more muscle but you've got no strength gains on the knee extension okay or let's say it's a tip of the barbell squat and if we went and compared that during some a hammer strength squat or a leg press or something else that's trained to say muscle it's your you're not going to have those same strength gains but if we if we go then after you platter out on the squat and you can't revoke a greater stimulus because you've just been doing that exercise for so long you change exercises and guess what you still can train pretty hard but what happens to the strength gains you get in that new exercise over time it starts to go up sure you'll once again start progressing and in progressing you're going to increase the stimulus on those muscles that are being trained so the novel exercise that you swapped out for the one that plateaued that novel exercise now becomes a novel stimulus and a novel stimulus is what you want for new muscle growth so the whole reason why the muscle grows is because the stimulus demands it to so to speak to use a kind of a flexorism here is that you're forcing the muscle to grow with a novel stimulus and you're only going to get that in some way shape or form by asking the muscle to do something it hasn't previously done and the novel that new exercise creates some new activation patterns or something new and different is going on such that you're getting more loading or more reps or higher weight in progressing strength wise or performance wise when you're using that new exercise so that's why we swap exercises that makes sense and you'll you'll see that right off the bat that's even doing barbell squats and then you go do the hamstrings squat same number of sets relative loads of same reps are about the same and you should source shit right new activation pattern something different about it that tells you that you stress the muscle in a way you had previously which is exactly what you want novelty of stimulus that there's something that is in adaptation so that's what's pretty cool about that is like if you think about the knee extension they got over those let's say it was three months study three months of study they got a 60 or 70% increase in the squat nothing in the knee extension but they got 10% more muscle mass now imagine they just started doing knee extensions how fast their strength gains go up yeah and that's even a more squat focused exercise so that they could harness strength gains off of that and ride that for a long time maybe they just did knee extensions and leg presses drop the squat for a while the squat would go down they might lose a little bit maybe maybe not but then they could then um re-harness using the squat hopefully because they've spent three or four months gaining more muscle mass through those other exercises which now can be applied to squat so you just simply harness those periods of time of novelty and underlying increases in stimulation that come as a part of the nervous system doing what it does to allow for those performance increases learning how to stimulate the muscle to do what you're telling it to do which is lift heavier loads for the same number reps or getting more reps with the same loads or both and so the nervous system then becomes your friend because it's learning how to how to evoke a greater stimulus because you're requiring it to and that's your voluntary that's like we're going to do this I'm going to get 12 reps no matter what come hell higher water and you do because that's a reasonable goal to have and the nervous system figures that how to make it happen so the nervous system adaptations can be a good thing because that's what allows us to some degree to progress incrementally in a progressive fashion when we're rotating exercises in and out over time yeah it really it gets me thinking too about how important it is to have some variety in my workouts um to not just rely on that the one thing that I love you know maybe squats are king you know a lot of people would argue that like hey if you did one exercise squat which I mean there's probably some some good it's probably not bad advice but you know also leg press also extensions all these things and I mean they're gonna have you know quite a quite a role in the in the development in the in the fortitude training loading sets people pick three primary exercise let's literally for thighs which is glutes quads he amps add actors kind of lump them all together so that might be like a farbo back squat and then a machine squat like a leg press let's say let's say backs they're favorite but they're also and I did this in part there's some other reasons but one of the reasons I I set up the loading sets though they do a compound exercise and then an isolation exercise so you might do a squat and the extension a squat a hamstring curl and then a squat again if you're using the highest volume tier so you love squats you want to squat like you feel like you're not even if you're not squat squat squat some part of your problem you're not a man yeah yeah if it's not the program like it's you're not a bodybuilder doesn't work you have to have squats so you're moving along over time trying to make progress on the squats and your plateauing on barbell squats so one of the things you can do and it avoids the same thing because remember there's something going on with the activation pattern which is allowing us to get those increasingly strength over time even without giant increases in muscle mass and those that that's part of the but is probably novel and part of the learning process such that when you do something you haven't done for a while you get really your sore because the activation pattern doesn't know quite what to make of it or it's just a different activation pattern that you haven't had before so it's a novel stimulus because of that so you're you're moving along like you've been squatting for you know it's a four months and your squats nothing's going up so what I would then tell people to do is keep the squats in there one option is I want you now put the knee extensions first so your first set is knee extensions and then you so you pre-feteed and then you go and you squat well that creates a weak link in the quads and it all just the act it feels totally different I've got someone I want to say it is I want to need but someone who I the help was a couple things who's now doing some pre-feteed stuff for chest okay and if they're really strong there's a pro really strong guy and he had never done that before and he's the first time he did it when he went to his presses he was like flabbergasted as to how much he felt that right in his chest hmm I'd say Dave Henry but I don't think it's Dave Henry I've seen him do pre-feteed in a long time ago this is this is in Dave someone okay but anyway but just example of someone just the work for and he could tell like the first there's like he said he's like holy shit yeah felt it's so much it's just more than he had and I was just put pre-feteed exercise and so you do that now I think I know I'm gonna guess after the show you're probably I'm sure you do so you do that now with the quads and then you hit the squats so those squats go totally different yeah yeah and your your load has to go down or your reps go down one or the two because of the pre-feteed just the simple fact that you've been one of the muscles that wasn't otherwise yeah especially if you're squatting in a way that you know like a high bar squat or what have you you're trying to little get the quads whatever you're having to be doing to using the squats for and so you have so you have a now you have a new starting point because you've mixed things up so now you do knee extension squat hamstring curl squat and then maybe a last set of squats or maybe you put the hamstring curl between the second and the third set of squats you can do it all sorts of ways you've switched the order and so now you have a new baseline and you start to progress from there because it's basically becomes kind of a new exercise given the pre-feteed and there it feels totally different for some people sure having pre-feteed like this person I just mentioned so then you progress you get to keep squats in your rotation yeah and when you plateau with that order of exercises you switch it up a different way you put the hamstring curls first and then you have pre-feteed hamstring curls or maybe you put hamstring curls and the extensions like one right after another if you want to you could do that I don't line people like straining from the standard template I have and then you do your three steps you could do it that way so what you get to keep squats in there because you like those and you're driven to do them and you and that's motivating and then of course there's bands and chains and all those sorts of things you can do to keep them in but but all those all those order of exercises bands and chains are ways to add in variety which match the loading curve to the strength curve or simply change the nature of the exercise so that's novel enough that you get sore and it's funny because I don't get this soft anymore people used to like call me out on Instagram say why you do all these weird exercises and I kind of explain this to you because I want to stick to the basics I still do do the basics but I just heard from another client actually today you know those row stop beds yes remember that the row stop beds yeah suggested to these those and actually do some really slow rack dead lifts okay and and because I just been seeing something in his in his pictures is checking pictures that I want to sort of focus on is back a little bit more and he said he's like I did both hand up and incorporating both of them into the same workout as it turned out yeah which doesn't surprise I am which is awesome I thought it's not critical of them you just go and for it that's how he is and he said he can hardly you couldn't hardly sleep he was so sore oh my gosh it's got a training for decades yeah he's been doing that it's even doing Ben and Rose he's like what the hell like why the hell does happen and it's because he was so novel and so different and those exercises the way I had him do them simply required him to use his lats in a way that despite the fact that he's been doing dead lifts and racked as he's been doing Ben over Rose all the components are the same it's not like like I had him like you know hanging you know by his bootstraps you know off the roof of his house you know using a dumbbell while he was whistling dixie through a kazoo it was nothing crazy right now it was just just a change in form a little bit of change in tempo and the nature of those exercises demand that is back being involved in a way that he had never done that he had never done either of those and he put them both in the same workout and had a hard time sleeping from the soreness I think if I get it like literally the soreness came on so fast it was the day of the act of the workout oh you know that's going to be a rough one you know those are exactly when you get sore that and I remember the first time I did the rack dead lifts this way people might be asking this is um this is something that I don't take first mention this like doing really slow rack dead and I said okay well here I was what I'm going to do because I knew I had that tendency to speed up tempo is like I'm going to use a metronome oh yeah I've always when I've suggested I always suggest they actually literally get a metronome yeah so you start from your normal pulling height you know below the knee or mentioned whatever it might be with a weight you would probably be like like half or less of what you might do for you know said at 8 to 10 it's got to be really light and basically one second up sort of explode up but eventually there's gonna be no explosion could be so petite but pull up fast and then once you get the top was zero one two three four up zero one two and try to make the descent even so you're not like really slow at the top and then dropping at the bottom mm-hmm it's got to be you know the same rate of descent through the entire four seconds that's a brutal is a brutal negative and you have to keep going if you can't stay on tempo then the sets over way hey I got a tip too hot tip you don't even need to you don't even need to buy a metronome now you can just I was going to say I was going to look for an ad but yeah I looked at I just typed it into Google and literally it's like the thing it's just a widget or whatever it's a thing on it's just right on there yeah you don't even need to download me but you're having the bother in the gym with your you know average talk you know great right click talk although that would get that sweet to get that thing out wind it up I had a little electronic one in fact it's probably in my gym bag still I just little bag of you know tricks yeah yeah my little yeah my little like spy bag of bullshipped that I carry out you know shit's gonna get real serious of Scott pulls the metronome out you're gonna be hurt yeah oh I'm like because they've been I speaking we would do those and he'd be like off when he see the metronome he'd be like towering yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah be like a we're still the cattle for odd you know like yes like the cattle for like you know some dogs you like get out the nail clippers yeah you're gonna do this you look at the call for like trying to get him in the bath like no not to metronome yeah so but that it's just tempo and you know that's the force-mind most connection so anyway the the point there is that those new exercises the fact the simple fact that in that particular study they had muscle growth but they had no strength gains and those exercises they did do suggest that there's room for a neurology with adaptations and an increased load that can come about in doing those new exercises you haven't been doing yeah just learning how to do those as long as you keep your form like you know don't be don't train like an asshole so to speak and start you know bouncing with the weight would have you keep your your form under control use a good mind muscle connection etc etc but those those exercise you haven't doing are ones that are right for exploiting the fact that your nervous system will allow you to lift heavier loads and thus produce a greater stimulus for growth over time you just want to make sure you're not allowing other the some of those other neurological mechanisms like the stretch shortening this this inhibition we saw with the the box jumps to the pie metrics become into play so you want to like let the nervous system do its thing and some of that is psychological drive learning how to grind so that you can get greater stimulus but don't don't start cheating like rolling your shoulders back on curls throwing in body English intentionally you know just to get more reps unless of course you're doing that because you're being a very mindful manipulator of the fact that the force muscle the force velocity curve of skeletal muscle tells us that there's a reason why a little bit of body English would make sense in terms of loading that's the topic next for next week maybe we get into it I look forward to that yeah it's cool stuff so I think I think that's the thing so this is you know this we got we we talked about the the cross training effect which is pretty interesting the fact there was you the activation level for a given amount of force going down so the nervous system is figuring out you know in training what's going on they're the muscle also got bigger that stretch shortening cycle and rep tempo like pretty much to some degree if your rep tempo is speeding up just just empirically just from what I've seen as a coach and myself and people I've worked with the that faster rep tempo means you're probably doing somewhat of a stretch shortening cycle yeah yeah just I mean you're just doing some I mean you're starting to go too fast that's the only way that's coming about yeah you can feel it you can feel it because I do that you know I've mentioned it a bunch of times now but the way David Smith had helped me with my incline dumbbell press is to really control that negative down and you know I pretty much tried I like give that a pause I tried it I've tried to be a control of everything I'm doing but I will find myself getting ahead of myself a little bit it's a heavier way I'm getting excited and I see myself starting to move faster but when you slow it back down you feel it because then your ability to get reps changes you know what I mean like you're cranking it you're cranking it and then you're like oh shit I'm getting a little too hyped settle it down scout and then it's like oh god now I can't even get another rep you know what I mean you get stuck for this stuff there's um one of the things I can I can explain I have an explanation for this I don't know if it's you know it's just my interpretation what's going on but one of the things you find too when you do that is that you'll be banging out the reps and then your and then your set will come kind of to a screeching uh huh like when when you die you don't have as many ringer reps yeah yeah okay I can see that when you do it that but when you do it that way yeah so that's kind of a sign of that interesting and some of that there's a couple of reasons potentially one is you know you're also in in harnessing that stretch shortening cycle you may be depending on the exercise but you may be allowing yourself to sort of rebound through a sticking point in the exercise so you're rebounding and like you're driving through a sticking point and eventually um as you start to the T you and you can't get as much of the stretch shortening cycle as you were before that that that that uh sticking point becomes much more evident because you don't have much like bounce it hit it and boom but you hit you kind of hit a wall yeah yeah it got bounced through it in that way yeah um there's also something like someone asked me a question which was a really good question actually on Instagram that I talked about like yes or I answered for him which fits in here yes uh can you still max the activate when you're fatigued let's say you reduce your strength level by 25% can you still activate those high he didn't say it this way but basically it's wondering can you still activate those high threshold motor units in a fatigue state and I think you can the question is whether you can fully activate a muscle anyway period in the first first and foremost that's a hard thing to quantify that's a whole other side tangent because the way the main way that that's been evaluated in the past is with a methodology that's obviously flawed um it doesn't it doesn't make sense some of the things that they that they demonstrate given the rest of the literature around strength so it's hard to know but one of the things that happens with that stretch shorting cycle which we see there in that EMG is that when you get good at that you're you have a facilitation of the activation that's opposed to inhibition so you're activating more muscle so you can tighten up the muscle and and and harness that elastic energy for the recoil when you bounce back past your sticking point and some of that may involve using some really high threshold motor units that are difficult to get and those are the ones that would be the least likely to be easily turned on in a fatigue state so fresh versus fatigue especially when the pain started to come in with pain will inhibit motor neuron output um trying to like be bouncy with the weight and drive in that sort of highly aroused state at the end of a set is less likely to be a possibility for you you're likely to kind of lose that neurological capacity at the end of a set so all of the things being equal you've got a fatigue muscle and everything else but you just can't do that bouncy stuff anymore because your nervous system is fatigue you're in pain maybe um and another things are going on so like all the stuff that happens with that facilitation is no longer within a realm of possibility because you may not be able to fully activate at least activate in the same way plus you've also got a slower muscle to when it's fatigued and speed is important especially from moving quickly because you want to be able to you want to be a slow lower it down but then tighten up at the appropriate time and in a coordinated fashion to allow that energy to be translated into the elastic funnits to then be harnessed so a slower muscle is not going to do very good at that so that'd be very good at that people with faster muscle fiber types do better with jumping and ballistic types of movements and with this is a ballistic type of movement so you're going to lose muscle speed in a fatigue state just because your fatigue because muscle is simply slower when it's fatigued that's just the nature of the beast because of the energy ability to supply energy it makes sense though yeah well kind of like I and I was a lot there you play it about ten times my brain is full at this point if this is my brain it's up to here at this point it's good it's more stop so anyway I thought I thought that would be helpful that's like it may be a little bit you know that's just kind of brain candy I think that some degree it may be like the white I really didn't know that but the bottom line is that the variety of training makes sense and keeping your form the same makes sense yeah so that you can let the nervous system do what it's good at to help you get a better stimulus along the route to using progressive overload as a way of a vote anymore muscle growth absolutely so we'll scout let's get out of here we did have a few questions that popped up but we don't have the time today so I'll try to I'll try to save these stuff that was off topic from this I'll try to save these we could we could do like a Q&A toward the end of the next episode or you know whatever we could figure something out but with that said of course checkout scouts book be your own bodybuilding coach you guys can't see it in our framing but I've got it up on the shelf over there you can pick that up at b y o b b coach dot com or check out amazon or it's said amazon right as well as burns in normal amazon and and Barnes and Noble Boe get the heart copy there and of course go to fortitude training dot net you can get the fortitude training ebook oh my headphones died they're dying right now so we're cutting off right at the perfect time of course guys check out our great sponsor true nutrition dot com I just got my next order of my team skip blend protein as well as the the old school unflavered E a a's big old bag like 50 servings for like 25 bucks you really can't beat that pricing for some good intro workout E a is Scott as always I appreciate you my friend thank you thanks for doing all this for man yes see you guys well next time