We were drinking and and doing coke actually this is like we were 16 and we were hanging out Yeah, so it's like that's a bad combo. We're hanging out with a guy of 16 who I'd get a rough with this. Oh, I am a vice episode 16 a lot different It wasn't a lot of love. We had like singing involved like Sega Genesis and BMX bikes we maybe 17 I don't know if that makes a difference we might have been seven. No, but go ahead So God there Things already on fire what's a little gas? Yeah, yeah So are we recording already? We are we bringing the car in where's the guitar? I need you to bring it in Ah Okay, it's being delivered today like career-wise. I just tracked it It should it should arrive today before noon, so it might actually come over on beer Ooh guitar. Vita arrives on the show. You're gonna open it while we're on unboxing guitar on that Yeah, that would be cool. Hey, I would do that. What is this kind of? I think we should Did you see any of my stories Scott? No, I haven't been online much. I think I didn't enough to dodge all my stories Yeah, I was watching all of those Yes, dude. I've been on it. I was actually fat. I'm curious because Nicky asked how much did it cost? It actually wasn't that expensive Like there aren't a lot of these I got a crazy deal. I I've seen a bunch of them online for like a fat up to a thousand dollars more But I only paid 15 or bucks for it Get out, but you're well, they're not people help you find them like from Facebook and Instagram and everything Oh, Scott's looking at the base I bought that's not what we're talking about That's not the one more. Okay. That's what I've seen right now Yeah, you kind of missed the you missed the boat on the stories They were okay days ago. What are we talking about? What's this guitar here? So I've decided to like dig my electric guitars out and start playing again because I just play and I flew around on my acoustic once in a while But I don't really play much anymore and I thought I want to get like good again So I got to dig up my electric because those are way funner to play yeah, and yeah, you know I'm in a condo now so I was like, wow, you know I have to play through headphones and stuff So I went and bought some like good headphones, you know I can plug into my amp and I can sit there and play and and I thought you know You know I wanted to I really want to hang my guitars up and I thought you know I've got room for like four guitars and I Don't you So I thought well I guitar what what I want and I thought fuck I know exactly what I'd want I want a 65 Jaguar Thunder Jaguar reissue Because that was like kind of Kurt Cobain's main guitar Yeah, during like the never mind cooler and it like a lot of the most famous photos of Kurt He's playing a 65 Jaguar that was his thing Yeah He bought it used it was just a fucking Frankenstein it had like everything changed that guts for change the pickups were changed It was like it was like a mutant fender Jaguar and It just became an iconic guitar and It's the only guitar I believe that is still in his estate. I believe his daughter now owns that guitar The rest of them were kind of sold his his blue my staying just sold for four point Five million at auction But one he used in the teen spirit video that he played on never mind on the album he played most of the album with it And the acoustic that he played on the unplugged concert Sold for six point five million about ten years ago Wow, so that's the most expensive guitar ever sold And then his black strap with the white bumper sticker on it That it's it's called the vandalism strap and the bumper sticker says says vandalism is as beautiful as a rock in a cop's face And and it's it's a bumper sticker that came in a punk rock album I can't remember the band But there was like an album that you bought in the 80s and it was like a punk rock album and I had that bumper sticker in it and he put it on his black strap That guitars in the hall of fame. I believe So anyways, I know a lot about his guitars, but I was wanted to 65 jacks So I went looking and like just you know people started messaging me hey look at this look at this And I wound up with a mint condition Cobain addition like I guess in 2011 fender made a certain number of them for their 20th anniversary and never mind And they made a bunch of Cobain additions where they had like the correct pickups and all the changes that he had made all the mods So it's like it's exactly what he would have played right Except it's mint condition, so that's cool. They also made a road worn one that looked worn out I don't I don't like those Because You need to wear out your own guitar. I don't know yeah, it makes sense that's not the point that's not the point You know what I mean Like I don't I don't get one people by pre-ripped jeans Literally just like I was brought in by in pre-ripped jeans and also to like I see the hats that are made to look like they're worn out Yeah, and I was think I Actually wore a hat out like that. I actually had a brim open on me from the people And I was like just to put you missed a pretender I'm actually Wear a router. I remember you telling us about that long time ago Maybe it wasn't even on this program was on the show. It was a And you told us about the like the demise of that how it eventually was gone Yeah, this disintegrated it came apart like pizza slices But you know what that's I actually get that because I actually I had a hat that That my first wife bought me when I was 16 and I was at a gym one time and it got was like man Where'd you find that vintage hat? I'm like 1997 when I bought it And it was brand new and wasn't vintage at all. I just wore it Oh my good old broontat wait a second. What's going on? Did Dustin just say did Dusty say first wife when you were 16? No, no, I was dating when I was 16. We got married Oh, I got really close there for a minute. I was fine. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, no, it's stupid. I just want a child I want to put into them How how how mature it even made me feel like a Real adult having one of my best friends say first wife It just like on my call. It's like grown up things You know wrongs got guitars like I got wild funny. It's fine So yeah, I guess what episode are we Scott? It's 142 or something It's good for 143 actually You pretty sure I yeah, I put money on that 143 How much? 123 123 123 one Bitcoin one That's what I put on one Bitcoin. Yeah, yeah yesterday never mind Okay episode 143. It's just bodybuilding remember to like share subscribe comment and ring the bell There you go and Yeah, we're very happy we back what is going on? I got to start with all the shooting you're doing Scott Yes, it's looking good. Thank you. Thank you. I'm trying Yeah, I see you taking out the hostage. Yeah, that was a bit of a dark twist plot twist as you put Plot twist you keep him guessing you know a little reverse psychology I'm actually on there on their team. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's good. I went to a I didn't shoot but it was a shooting competition a couple weeks ago with before arch Chicago trip and And it's cool man. They do this they do this competitive shooting where they have a timer They hit the button and then they'll be all these different targets around and you have to run around Like put two shots in each target and add up the points your time all of that So everybody's competing against each other. I'm gonna get involved in that because I feel like that's the next step Because I can shoot in one spot, but when you start moving and shooting at the same time it gets it's tricky But it's going good man. I've been like on the edge of my seat though Canada changed their laws and I didn't hear that you I know you had your permit But I didn't I didn't get any pictures of any guns over the weekend. So oh Well, that's because of after you buy your gun There's like a seven to ten day waiting period where you have to get a letter from the RCMP that tells you You're allowed to go pick it up and drive it straight home So you can make any stops and you have to take the shortest possible road Okay, so that's a bunch of laws about hand-gents. Yeah, I you know I got the receipt for it. I got the email saying that it's Gonna be ready for pick-up soon and I'm just waiting good good. I was okay because the I didn't think you did and then Because you didn't you didn't say anything you didn't show it to us. Yeah And then you're talking about guitars and I literally I'm sitting here with you And I was like oh he's buying guitars because he can't buy the gun That's all right like it was a compensation. Yeah. I just There's been a couple of things I've been like I don't buy anything Yeah, I'm fat like a terrible consumer I like I'm not a collector of things or I I don't need the latest gadget. I don't even know what's available I hadn't been in a guitar store for a long time. I walked in. I was like oh look You know, but I just just a couple of things I wanted a couple of things I wanted yeah, and you know, so I got the gun and And you know couple I got a guitar and I got a bass and the reason I bought the bass was I thought One Mays will have a bass because there's a couple of bass lines. I want to learn again. I used to go to play if you And I was like I get a cheat bass because I I spend the money on the guitars But I don't really care what bass I have so I just got like an entry level bass So we fund the like play around on it'll be cool. He's book market bass nice nice for the win Facebook market place is fucking ink there's it just did it just destroy Craigslist is Craigslist even a thing anymore His Facebook marketplace works way better I've never used it. It's good. There's a lot of there. It's fucking awesome. I have a face Yeah, but I don't ever go on Facebook marketplace So for example, I went into the store and I looked at this bass and it's like an entry level bass like it's you know If you're want to learn to play it's about 600 bucks And then I went on Facebook marketplace. I found one. It's like a year old some kid Got it didn't play it. It's fucking mint condition And I distrored their house game throwing a box for it. Nice So it's like just stuff like yeah, you know, it's all over there. I got it. I'll say do There's people that that's how they make a living yeah, yeah, just flip they're just flip stuff because people want to get rid of shit Right so they get it for 300 and then they put it for 400 and they sit patiently Yeah, yeah, right and they make their 100 I sold a couple of pieces of gym equipment on Facebook marketplace because that's where I've gotten a lot of much like though I'd say 75% of my gym is from Facebook marketplace and then I got a couple things I didn't need like I had an extra weight tree and I yeah, I did the same thing I just put it up on on on marketplace left it and eventually like a month later Some guy really wanted it so he came over and gave him the money Yeah, yeah, it's a beautiful thing Yep, take my junk Take my hey that's someone else's I had this big guitar like pedalboard yeah It had like five effect pedals built into it and then it had like a control pod and you could hook it up to You know if you had like a studio in your house or whatever And it was pretty fun because it had so many effects programmed into it like you could do anything on it But they're like so obsolete now yeah Like the new wall everything's the new shit's all fucking wireless and Bluetooth Like this is like big plugs and cords running everywhere like it's a fucking It's funny so I sold it for 50 bucks on marketplace and gave me 50 bucks for it It was probably like wire. He's just one of the cops He probably doesn't need it yet. He's needed the fucking That's out of it Yeah, just bought it for parts or he has one and he just needs like parts to restore or something. Yeah, it's funny So Okay, I got it. I got a bunch of good questions. I know we we've been doing this two Episode thing are we gonna do that this week? We just doing one big smoker Well Scott Scott a bunch of questions too. So maybe we should roll on Scott's questions for this episode All right, I do have a bunch of stuff Then I got some good ones do I was pretty much a question. Stu. I don't have any good. I got a bunch And with that said we should say guys if you want to take part in the show comment Plus comments and all that stuff that helps to boost the show and the algorithm but comment with questions because we are we are getting more of them Three favorites yes The way that yeah, I favor Harvey anyways. Oh, you do I'll just down it does down a no I don't think she cares because everyone else favors her because she's smaller Okay, so she kind of probably gets it she probably thinks it's because I'm I'm like I feel bad for Harvey But in reality it's just because he's number one I'm really glad she's being wish because we're both here right now. I know it would be terrible But I Just he looks like in you know what he looks like a you walk kind of just hairs all messy So yeah, that's all all right anyway, it's back to the questions things it don't matter Oh, there you go. Yes, okay, don't mad Chris go mad. Yeah, he says currently running the go mad diet Which is killing of milk per day and Alan of milk a day maybe a day Okay, I hate to get a It's incredibly convenient and I've been putting on some great size It's just you're getting a mug with me wherever I go Most days I'll barely even eat solid food maybe one meal a day of pasta or something along those lines I'm a 250 pound body builder and this has been my soul diet for many years because I'm not much of an eater It would be interesting to hear you talk about Talk about it sometime and if you've ever known anyone that's been successful with this particular diet Most days I do push Past a gallon though it's typically four to six leaders of milk the only downside is having to wake up and piss all night Wow But it's only 2400 calories All right, like is that whole milk? Is he drinking? I give him oh this was way well. Well. I fucked up my bad okay two percent milk Oh, he's just saying milk. I don't know there's something about just the the word milk with no number in front of it I wonder if he's just drinking Home milk. I'm organized milk Full milk. I don't know anymore I think that's the one that's the one thank you can say home The only home I love The one that we can play to it God we just Religious things we've hit on already we're fucked And don't let's say home milk like ten times this episode It's a good solution to your problems our ten questions for now the amount my answer is gonna be you guys Oh, our home milk. I Found a whole pros and cons of this home milk thing Um A gallon of whole milk is only 2400 calories And 27 grams of fat. 100% and a seven grams of carbs and a hundred and twenty three grams of protein But it's not enough If you're doing like a full diet in then on top of it that would be a lot, you know You just said he was eating fucking pasta a little pasta on the side Well, I don't know I mean hey, maybe that's his out with it because I like milk But I like to milk mix it with a little bit of craft thinner if I'm being honest Just a quarter oh I see you like your you like your dairy a little orangeer Yeah, with some powdered fake cheese You know, which will be the thing will finally take me down and won't be the trend. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, where the steak Hey, I'm just taking a like I'm freaking a like that I'm taking if he likes milk so much maybe he can put in a little more effort and still keep a lot of milk Maybe he could you know, maybe do the Vince Garanda thing the old school Arnold diet, you know that it's steak and eggs and whole milk and cream And remember those guys he used to eat like that yeah Hardly eat any carbs at all, but their calories were super high and they were eating all those like full fat foods, you know I thought I looked like a hundred Fuck in the milk. I think that ain't on top of it. You know what I mean like the milk was that top of your food Washing the steak down with milk. Yeah, cream to get more to get more It's a mungle cream actually It was a cappuccino ice cream and it was Fucking good that has milk I remember my granddad used to pour whipping whipping cream like out of the carton So it wasn't like whipped cream you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it was like the full cream or whatever and he would pour that on his cereal Oh, that's heavy Wow, and I remember I ate it once like I put a poured some on my cereal And I was like it's like melted ice cream cereal It was so thick it was funny, but yeah, I couldn't just hot Serial on top of that Like it wouldn't even like submerge if you put the milk in first I So it's not that thick it's no it's a cream it's still cream. Yeah, that's why the wild No, okay, I'm sorry. See gallery is trying to get it on this All right good well more questions Scott and oh and no, I don't you know did me answer me Just derailed but You know, maybe he could he could he could he could start mixing some way isolate in get his protein up more if he's 250 pounds and he's at least 250 grams of protein Yeah, so he's got to get that protein half or there. Yeah, maybe he's got killer genetics and he's just 250 like You know 11 Who knows He's got good lactose tolerance. That's for sure Definitely high levels of lactase enzyme produced to not lads Body yes, for sure. Yeah, okay, all right, okay. This question mostly for big Ron Says he's got a question mostly for big Ron Disney is looking for a director to re-shoot the Phantom Massette menace attack of the clones and re-venge of the Sith who would who from this list would you choose the Cohen brothers Terentino Spielberg or Tim Burton Spielberg hands down 1,000 percent yeah, yeah, yeah, just Well, I I like Spielberg's Movies a lot he made the Raiders of the Lost Ark and Indiana Jones series And I would trust him with the integrity of Star Wars and he also worked with George Lucas extensively for decades on other projects So he would know He would know what I think he would have a good way of tying in the re-shoots with Lucas's original vision of You know what I mean, it's like the closest thing you're gonna get to George is basically what I'm saying Awesome Yeah, I'm Terentino and a comb brothers. I mean that would be an acid trip to watch. Oh, yeah amazing like yeah I would be like I would love to see the product, but if if we're asking if I trust You know the Yeah, I'm like trying to fix the problem I don't know if I gamble with the Cohen brothers the only Cohen brothers what you know On solo shoots lay in the head like the fuck You know fucking Anakin kills his family when he's just a kid he starts his dark side turn way earlier You know he kills his anton Uncle fucking slices their throats with a butcher knife He's on the run yet the story takes a dark turn Yeah, it's already it's already a dark story So I'm not sure there's my little that that set me off that was a good question It was good like that And then especially when dusty dusty question to me why Why I'm ready and Tim Burton to speak Tim I see if Tim Burton did it everyone would have like weird hair Yeah, yeah like Jumping up on the job just like that yeah Johnny Daps in it Yeah Johnny Daps comes in doing like a cartoonish leafy gax ant Yeah, steel's a scene. Yeah, that'd be funny. Okay. All right Some of the amber herd memes they're just What a lot of that. No, my favorite one you know the meme from squid games Where they're in the green jump suits and he's talking he's looking at the guy he goes what are you doing in here? I thought you were a financier Stable yeah I mean I thought you were financially stable. It's it's Amber heard's face photo shot onto the other guy and and so he's going what are you doing in here? I thought you were financially stable And it's hard You know there were some classics. I saw the It cost her 15 million dollars to tell the world she shit the bed Classics I'm believe it. This was not a question more so a comment. I thought I'd share it This is in regards to our last episode Pooops Rimming and Delling me I Remember guys it's just bodybuilding. I totally forgot Oh, I forgot that whole section. I forgot about that whole segment Yeah, that was the guy that was pooping 10 times a day wasn't it? Yeah, yes, yeah I think I got one of his comments too. He wrote a spec. I'll see if I can find that one All right Yes, county Richards. She's a one of our one of our regular listeners. She says Any summer plans for everyone. What are you guys doing the summer? Let's really Do like something because it's summer I'm sort of like equally busy all the time so I just sort of keep doing my thing I actually don't like the heat so The fact that it's summer doesn't drive me to like do anything extra actually like hiding the shade even more You know, I thought I was the only one. I don't I'm that way too. Yeah, but some work cool You're looking for colder places everyone else is like oh tropical I did normal Summer, but I'm going into Dominican Republic for a week That'd be cool Yeah, yeah, doing that and that's during the summer. Yes, what about travel? I've been living yeah You guys all have you guys both though you've been like you don't make a big deal out of it But figure for for a lot of people We're doing like nine to five jobs. We're watching YouTube while we're sitting at our desks at the office stuff like that And they don't have jobs where they're like mutin is sending me out to this place and do you are you guys doing any travel with mutin? Well, I've got to go to you. I'm going to a show in Edmonton. I'm going to the TNT show And so that's later on this month Not traveling in July. I've got to go help. I'm going to help move my dad So I do have to leave and go over to Vancouver Island so that'll be a couple of days So I have like a bunch of stuff happening but our next mutin trip to September for the UK Yeah, and I've got Dallas in two weeks That's all and you got Dallas. I so I've got to go to the UK and then you've got to go to Dallas So yeah, you want the UK to go because then I don't need a shot. I get to go without shot. Oh, are you really coming into the UK? Yeah, I'm back Awesome Take it me off the list of the shots which is good and yeah, so there's that Does that go to the contest over there? Yeah, the Arnold UK. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, and Jamie the giants doing it Oh, nice. So you know, so mutin's really hoping for him shows up in fantastic condition and rocks the hometown You know, you can see it's for sure He put up uh towards a 12 and 14 weeks out 325 and he's been on TRT for 10 weeks no kidding. Yeah, he looks terrible Yeah, he's a big good man. Yeah, he's a monster. I mean, I'm excited to see what he looks like at 305 and Blast that it was mined Or what I was supposed to say that my bad Yes Brandon has one he says My question is how bad do tattoos affect body builders? I have a three-quarter sleeve on my right side that goes into my right pack and my left pack also has a partial I got it when I was 18 and had no idea I'd be trying to compete in body building and I don't know if I can even get it removed because the colors are so deep I can't imagine the cost of it even being possible On my stage shots it seems to really hide my right shoulder Stryations from the back shots Well does Dessie's got tats. I mean, he can I don't have a single tattoo so Well, I mean you wouldn't get tattoos knowing that you're getting into body But I got tattoos knowing I was getting out of competing But the fact that you have them and then you got into body building it is what it is What I will say is Jan Tan that used has an Redible tattoo cover up that I've literally seen full back pieces disappear Yeah, and it's really cool. They actually they have a couple pictures up like a guy hitting a rear double with his tattoo and then right afterwards when they did it And the amount of detail like what he's talking about is absolutely true because you can't have color or darkness that comes through where things like These things don't exist but as they call them the tie-ins where you're shoulder sharply pulls in to your ladder your arm That all disappears as soon as there's color there especially when it goes over both things But that that shit's amazing so my answer is number one issues Jan Tan anyway, so I think it was the best But to definitely use that tattoo cover up and You'll be good to go. I just had a client that's literally covered in tattoos like his entire body And he just did which I don't know why we're just jumped in a show He jumped in the middle of that. He literally just will all he did because he was doing men's physique Was he did his stomach just his abs and it was drastic and once I saw that I was like okay cool next time Do your whole upper body But I wasn't sure you know because it is like a cover up. I was like See what it looks like phenomenal so do that and you'll be fine and then you see what your tattoos Yeah, I've seen I've seen a bunch of people get really great cover-ups done The problem is always got a whole leg though What's yeah? He had it covered first first show Morgan Morgan Sharp it was a cover first show and it looked fucking awesome Yeah, perfect. I mean the thing about the cover up is it's a little more mat looking Yes, because they can't really gloss it so yeah, there is a difference but if the tone and the color is right It's all about the color matching more than the gloss like you know what I mean But yeah, I did it I mean it just looked crazy and I've seen I always tell people the two The two places that you really got to cover if you if you have to While I guess three three places you should cover I always tell people big back pieces and quads or like kind of a big deal for me The abs depending on how much is on there. I mean if you just have like something on the side or something you're fine But if you have like a massive mural or something then abs got to be done but those are the three things that I think are most important But yeah, I've never had one so I'm surprised Ron. I feel I don't have any tattoos either But I feel like we are in the minority in the world now you know like when I was a kid There weren't a lot of people that like you know some people had tattoos, but it wasn't huge But now like I think everybody I know has tattoos does Emily had tattoos? No Emily doesn't have a story. It doesn't either Your people all stick together, you're kidding Yeah, it was never intentional obviously and then they're saying I'm funny Did you ever think about getting one was there a real point where you're like oh oh yeah There was there was times where I thought I thought hey like I'm gonna put a bunch of thought into this what would I Like maybe if I really think about it something will like Like jump out at me and I'll also I'll feel like I hey that's a good idea like you know what I mean like I really did entertain it I even had a couple of guys I know draw something up for me and And I you know I've I follow An account on Instagram that's all rock and roll tattoos So it's like really cool rock and roll tattoos you know what I mean And so there's people that have like you know they have like a portrait of slash on their arm And it's just fucking amazing You know what I mean or they'll have like an angus young on their pack and a Malcolm young on their other pack like both young brothers and it's like It looks like an unbelievable artwork, you know So there's just like crazy pieces like that. I think you know I just I admire it and I think the artists are amazing. I don't even I can't even comprehend How you have the the skill to make that happen boggles my mind. I think tattoo artists are just mind boggling doesn't make sense to me. There's ink coming out of the needle and it and it and it and you just do that with it Doesn't make sense I love I said you just do that with it. Yeah, it's so good nowadays like they're it's next level now Oh yeah I think like a lot of stuff I see I see tattoos on people all the time. I'm like fuck that's crazy Almost got a real bad one month Like this is like Barton's and I was with two of my friends. We're in a count man That would be the worst Tasmania double maybe you know You like that old I was fed tastic because it just rang far too true to me close close We were it was I was with my friend Quinn and my friend Scott We were drinking and and doing coke actually this is like we were 16 and we were hanging out Yeah, so it's like that's a bad combo. We're hanging out that's a rough 16 I was this a Miami vice episode 16 a lot different It wasn't a lot of my city involved like Sega Genesis and BMX bikes we maybe 17 Different we might have been seven no, but go ahead So Ten and the hookers showed up and once the hookers got there Really got out of control in our our older friend Rob He knew this guy drop in last names I think I shouldn't do that This massive coke party It's my buddy Rob Okay, I'm gonna edit that out I'm gonna be yeah, there we go He's totally a school teacher in No, no, I was not I know I feel I have a feeling School teaching is the last thing Rock is doing right now Put it down Like is he not gonna be with a few hundred yards of a school We did a few hundred yards of people. I don't know Oh, my god, this is so great. We were hanging out Rob knew this guy who Did Tattoos in prison So Drone And yeah, we were all going to get slayer tattoos like just so I have a question I have a question Did he go to the prison to do tattoos or he was an inmate? Oh, no, yeah, you don't go to Do you learn I guess that's good. Yeah, okay You pick up the serial while you're there Yes, and now we had real it. Yeah, yeah, he's out now and he was doing legit tattoos Rob got this big grizzly bear And we were all gonna get just like a little slayer tattoo And I'm glad I didn't get that but what's not true I just ordered doesn't end I had if you know what I'd have all the bad decisions I made when I was 17 I just I had a feeling I was like now you don't want that you know you don't want to live you're sitting there and you're like Drunk and just started some cocaine of a stripper's ass You're like you know what I've made enough bad choices today We're just more slayer tattoo. It's very possible slayer is next album might be sub par Just give me a little more cover. We'll take that instead Oh, God, okay, it's one of my traders said this So yeah, everyone's got their limits I'm stopping at snorting coke of a coke of a hookers ass. Okay, all right. I think I'd want more good one here from Bryce You're a pop star with Michael. I love how this starts. I love how this starts I have no idea where it's going your pop star with Michael Jackson level fame You're putting together the next big album and need some big name guest spots Who you gonna ask to do the guitar solo the day and roll around on the beach with with the film clip Okay, I can entertain this I'll get I'll get who it's so the guitar solo. I'll I'll I'll ask I'll ask uh Hmm, who am I gonna get? Well, I'll get angus young to do it. I was gonna say like Zach Wilder something but it's a pop song and Zach Wild would be a little more metal I'll see you go get a car and get near okay, angus might be able to write like you know how Eddie van Hilling came in and did beat it You know yeah, no one's like Eddie's not a pop star but he can lay down a really wicked solo So yeah, I get angus to do like a bluesy solo for me throw it in there. I do wet Fiona Apple whoa love love her and Well, is the other one was the last one we're gonna roll on the beach with yeah for the like the video Oh roll around on the beach with damn I don't want to sound too creepy He's trying to think of older beaches older women on the beach. Yeah, I'm like don't say anyone from Instagram don't say anyone from Instagram Oh god He's like Yeah, he's give her Instagram name at yeah, yeah, yeah I'm thinking I go retro with the video and maybe make it funny and and maybe get Pam Anderson to do it with me There you go We're coming to the lectra what worked to great choice. I'm sure she still looks great She has no offense anyways Oh Yeah, okay, well I just found out though the one minute man put that up like two weeks guys like oh it's interesting You see that one that one chicken bar stool sports She's like some Instagram chick she made a million dollars in one day With her. I know that was no that was the chick that was the chick that cash me outside chick from like One looks a different chick. This is a different girl. Okay. Yeah, I saw the actual side girl. Yeah Yeah, would you see what she did after that like everyone thought it was gonna be like a quick thing So she made like a million a certain amount of hours and he's like a little little catch up on what she's done since then by the end of the Year's to 53 million Yeah, crazy. I'm like a roll-in with it What yeah, yeah, yeah, this girl just started and only fans put up one new picture of her over tits She's like I'll show my tits and she put up one picture She had at six point five million Instagram followers when she launched it So she was just a hot Instagram girl and she'd never shown her tits Okay, so she started and only fans put one tits shot up. Yeah, and it was like 1995 to subscribe or whatever She made a million dollars in one day. Yeah, I'm thinking that six point five million followers. That's not Man every girl the huge fall and just said you know what it's tits. It's one picture That's what she said she's like I said how fuck loves him. I tits. Yeah, who cares? I'm not fuck get this so snoop dog Will do a one like you can hire snoop for to be on a video like if you have it he'll do a song with you so if you have a song and you want him to be part of it the price is 250 thousand dollars okay, but if you think about it then you have an album with snoop on it What does that pay you? I don't know like it. I mean you got out probably have a good album outside of that but Yeah, you get 16 bars and he said that he'll do the video and you get What does he say you get 16 bars 250 thousand dollars and you get one hour So get filming so he's not so you know So 16 bars of music worth of snoop yeah You get 16 bars that's like yeah, that's funny 16 bars. I didn't know they talk like that for two hundred fifty but that I feel like that could be worth it. You know what I mean like if you well I'm sorry