Ask yourself if you're feeling the muscle that's intended. I feel like that's a big thing people miss when they're starting to get into progressive overload. They're just moving weight, you know, or even on a negatives, you know, I was just explaining the Nikki yesterday. We're doing like real slow negatives on a leg press. And I said, no, make sure when you're going slow, you're not just going slow. Do you feel your quad being what's resisting the negative? That matters. I love feeding trolls sometimes wrong. You know, I enjoy. Sometimes I'm like, I just lean back and I'm like, this is going to hurt you more than me. I had a guy like go back and forth with me for a while. I was just like a annihilating him. And I felt sort of feel bad. And then someone else commented literally, like, you know, you're going back and forth and people are just watching. And then finally, guy commented, he's like, bro, you have got into a battle of widths and you are completely unarmed. This little, this was what's this guy. That's funny. I was like, this is getting ugly and people are starting to feel bad. I guess I'll stop. Donna, your anger. It's why are you so angry? Dogs read the personality of their owners. You know, and they just get really like that he's picking on Cuba. You're like it. Like in all neck. It's cute. Donna. I, uh, I just can't. I can't. I don't take them more at all. You're probably better off. You know, you're probably. Really good at resisting. I resist. Um, sometimes I want to add a comment to something. You know, like I want something and I'm like, yeah, fuck, I really want to, and I want to add a comment, but I'm like, I don't know what you're going to be more. Yeah. Yeah. Unless it's like 100%. Like I added a comment the other day on this one guy's guitar channel just because I thought he did like a great job at demoing a product. Yeah. Because like, you know, you see people do product demos and you're like, damn, he didn't, he didn't do the one thing I wanted to do. Yeah. The one thing I wanted to do. I wanted to do the one thing. Get one piece. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? And this guy just like he did a great job. And I thought, oh, Dan, I'm going to watch all of this guys videos. Like this is the guy that I'm going to go to for a product reviews now because I like how, you know, he has one camera on the pedal at all times. So you can see where the knobs are. Yes. And then he'll like move the knobs and you'll see his hand coming to the frame, move the knob and you'll hear the sound change while he moves the knob. Whereas other guys will stop playing move the knob and then go back to playing. And you're like, no, no, I didn't hear it change. Yeah. Like I want to hear dusty. You got it. You got it. You got it. I mean dusty. Like, oh, don't hear it. Totally. Yeah. And this guy does that like he'll let a chord ring and with his other hand while the chord is playing. Like, wow, you'll turn the knob and you're like, oh, okay. And then he'll do it again and then turn the knob. And he's repetitive because he plays the same thing over and over as he's demoing the product. Yeah. So you can do it. We're going to do it. Yeah. Other guys will like, they'll play a certain style of music to show, you know, like, one of the tones, then they'll change the tone and they'll play a different style of music. I'm like, no, no, no, no, I want to hear the same fucking thing. Great. Thank you. Play the same song for every single one. Yeah. And you develop, you develop your preferred people. You know what I mean? No, this is my guy. So I left him a comment. I'm like, you're my guy for products now. Did he get back to you comments straight from the channel? He commented back. Yeah. Good. He commented back. You know what I mean? And I was like, oh, and he responds. Okay. So that's kind of weird. Is I haven't been a, well, I should twice now. This is actually exciting. I just realized this in the last year, I've become a novice at two things. And I love it. Because I've ridden motorcycles, for example, my whole life. Like, I mean, I got my first start by going as four. Yeah. And I got my first Harley when I was 15. Like I've always ridden them. But I never like delved into them. And now that I want to like, I have mine and I want to build it up and make changes. I also want to build one. So I'm like getting into them. And I don't know shit. I don't know anything about them. I don't even know where to look to find out about him. So I have a friend. I had to reach out to him. And I said, I said, hey, you might have asked if you questions. And he's like, absolutely. And he works for Harley. And he knows those should I go. I'm going to make this simple. Where should I go watch everything I need to learn? Because if not, I'm going to need to speak to you for the next month and a half over just starting right now and nonstop. So he sent me a few just that YouTube videos. So I could really get into because there's a lot of things that you don't realize, like, especially for dumbasses like me, where you put yourself in a position in life where you don't know enough. And you can waste a lot of money. Yeah. Yes. Like you're like, oh, yeah. This is the, you know, oh, there's this engine that's a 131. It's the biggest one. That's what I want to get. I actually said that to myself. I said, I think I want to go to the, you know, but get my own change after the 131 goes. That's expensive. And you can make a 111, 131 for less money. I'm like, that's why fucking message. That's my, because it kind of like me walk straight to the shop and goes, yeah, I want to do that though. I go, okay, John asks, give me 10 grand. I have a gun guy. I have a gun guy that I do the same thing. And I was going to get my first pistol on that first, but for my carry pistol, I was going to get a revolver. And I talked to him about it. And he said, yeah, you don't want that. But I thought all the, all the good reasons why I wanted that revolver. And, and then since then, he's, he's become my guy for questions. But I, I try not to bother him too much. Shut up to Peter. That's, that's great. There was nothing to do. I don't know. I know like when he got someone to give you a link. Yeah. I really enjoy not knowing stuff though. Like I sit around and I did cardio this morning and all I did was watch YouTube videos about motorcycles. The whole time. Right. I could have done an hour. No problem today because everything I'm hearing, I've never heard before in my entire life. Yeah, it's brand new. Isn't that a great feeling? Yeah. Oh, yeah. You know, I don't talk about because it's all you do. That's why I think that's why I'm doing it all. I think that's why I think that's why I enjoy my, my two hobbies so much because I can constantly still learn like I still, like I'm still picking up like Lingo and like there's little like the things you hear guys talk about and you start to like read through the code. Like I can, I can look at a flat land like BMX flat land post now with like two guys from the 90s and they'll be telling a story. Like I'll remember that time, blah, blah, blah and the list guys by their first names. I remember it was Danny and Dave and John and I'm like, oh, they're talking about this guy, this guy and this guy and they must have been and you start to like understand all the stuff that's going on and it makes it fun. And there's like so much more to learn and the history and all that stuff and products like dusty like dusty over late to this. I'm like, I'm like a super like I'm a tech guy like I love the gadgets. Really, no like I love I love the bike parts. Like when I see another flat land rider, when I see another flat land rider, I'm like, oh, what frame you riding? What are your hubs? What are your rims? And I got to like break his bike down and I go he selected these parts. I know what website he shopped off of. Yeah. He's off that one website that carries those three brands. He built his bike off that website and I want to put it together. Yeah. I want to figure it out. You know, and then when I see like you know like when I walk into the guitar store, I go look over it, I go look at all the pedals. I'm like, I'm going to try a pedal. I've never listened to before and you know, I plug it in one here. It sounds like and like they all sound almost the same, right? Like the distortion pedals are all distortion pedals. Right. You know, you get the wind drinkers out there that like, oh, I can hear the, you know, guys that's a little bit of a buzz and the treble and there's a little bit less bottom end. And they look a little bit different. You know, and they take people outside of this. Yeah, they're all big. Yeah. They're all giant. Right. All right. Right. And then there's that whole spectrum from there from the, oh, they all look like all look the same to the intricate physique breakdowns. Yeah. And there's that whole spectrum in the middle. Yeah. I'm like just an early stage now where I'm like, I can hear the differences of some things, but other things on my idea also on the same. It's a good place to be. Keep your tongue. You know, keeps you learning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. So I feel like that's the, you know, that's the thing that you had said, Ron, I think my newman last year. But to challenge yourself to try new things. Yes. And it's, it's really fun to be at that point. And the only thing that I get a kick out of is the amount of people who want to present themselves as experts when they're novice. It's very funny to me. You know, like, I'm so open. Like, I'm like, I don't know shit about anything. You know, I think what's the thing? I don't know fuck about shit. So yeah, I literally will come in. Yeah, I'm like, I don't know anything here. And then I find that people quickly then give you information. Yeah. If you just drop it, you know, I have no idea. Because there's, I think, and they're like, oh, I remember when I was where you are, let me help you out, you know? Yeah. So they're excited and definitely fun. But I see what you meant, Ron. I found a guy today. Actually, so I'm getting into like the history of motorcycle clubs. Like, the gangs of motorcycles. Yeah. I found a dude who collects all their stuff. I mean, we're talking, he has old pictures of like 70s, Hell's Angels guys that died. And I can't even imagine what his collection costs. But I think it was the single way that stuff. Oh, it's nuts. And they're own like handwritten journals about when the clubs started to loop. I mean, it still finds like S.O.A. for real. Like when they're like, oh, this is when we start to lose our shit, a little sort of killing people. And you know, it's just wild to make is you're looking back and you're like, this is really how it was. Like it started out as something. And it's like people who collect, I know that like Sereo colors are really popular. Yeah. Collectors. Yes. Like things they do. Yeah. So this is the same only, at least I feel a little bit like a lot. I'm killing random people. There's killing each other. But it's like, it's easy to see. Yeah. It's far, I know. I mean, one of them might be who knows. But you do it just becomes like a rabbit hole thing. Like last night, I spent like an hour and a half just looking at this guy's stuff and watching his videos. I'm like, I mean, how does someone know to reach out? Like this guy's wife was reached out. And she's like, I found a trunk of all my husband's stuff. He was the president of this charter. Right. You know, right. I want to sell it to you. And he's like, yeah. He's balling out his mind. I was like, I don't know why they were that shit costs. But it's pretty cool. Yeah. I've read a few of the books. So it was like books about the 70s like the California stuff and and the New York stuff and I've read a few books. And I read Chuck Zito's book. Oh yeah. Yeah. You guys know who Chuck Zito was? Yeah. I read Chuck Zito's book. Street Justice. Yeah, I read he's book. He's a real interesting dude. So yeah. Yeah, that was that was, that was a cool book. I met him, too. Is that the limpio one year? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I don't know were you with me dusty because it wasn't that long ago Yeah, I was like leaving him here and I Chuck Zito standing there and like a leather trench coat Really you're like wait a minute. Yeah, and I look at him and you know like you know when you're like You know you look at someone and you give each other the haynod you've never met before Yeah, but they still just for some reason there's like a moment where they say hey bro, and you say hey bro Yeah, so I kind of like looked at him and we both said hi to each other and I'm like oh well like just sort of We just said hi to each other. I might as well stop and talk to him for a minute. So I just like shook his hand I go hey, Chuck, you know if I can You know watch what's on TV and everything like that, you know because he was he was in a couple TV shows So you know, it was he was cool guy, you know, he was a karate champion He was huge There's a lot of those guys. I found one last night and I wish I knew his name because I literally was just skimming But this guy was was a big in And one of the bit I think it was house angels in and up in witness protection lived his whole life Then he died and when they went into his stuff That's when they found out who he was and they found his all the best stuff and this guy actually ended up buying it all But it's like yeah, he lived like 20 years under a different alias And no one had any idea, but then when he died and they you know They clean out his shit because I guess they never family or anything at that point They found it all and they're like holy shit this guy that works at the supermarket was Right, yeah, you know So cool um Speaking of like real life stuff Scott you reminded me to watch woodstock that train wreck. Oh, yeah, yeah You watched that train wreck woodstock. So we watch the first two last night. Okay. Yeah It's like I forgot About I forgot about limp biscuit on Saturday night and how Fred Durst like made it so much worse. Yeah But at the same time it's not like I remember watching it. I was like oh and hindsight like It's it's not Fred's fault. No Fred was doing his job Yeah, that's what he did Fred's job Fred's job is to be the Frontman of limp biscuit and blow the fucking doors off the joint like that's his job And he did his job. I was how to do probably the best he's ever done it that night the best he's ever done He just yeah like he was hanging to the crowd He was handed an Angry frustrated heat stroked Dehydrated pissed off crowd that was in the very end of day two Who have all realized that the wheels have fallen off this festival They've realized the garbage is not being picked up. They've realized the toilets are not gonna be cleaned They've realized they're completely on their own They're fast water and food fruit screwed for water screwed for food and the festivals almost two thirds over Yeah, and it's now time for limp biscuit And limp biscuit comes out and sing and give me something to break and Fredderers just keeps pumping them up that you know like a tars come down for the little break and and and Fred Durst is like let's get all that anger. Yeah, let's build all that anger Let's get it all out when I flint drop this when we drop this can beat you can let it out Yeah, he just like gets the crowd oiling everything that you've been angry about that every thing You're angry about yeah, boss you down deep Bring it out and then then then the beat you know get me soft to break and then it just can drops and then they rip the Can sound booth apart the sound tower out in the middle of the the thing that the people working in the sound tower Send an SOS they're like we need someone to come and get us out of here And we can't get out of here. They're ripping the tower apart like they're worried So you know a bunch of security guys go out there and they like bring them over the wall of the tower and get them out of there And they had to abandon this sound tower and they rip it apart pull the plywood off the walls You know So yeah, was this you know is we've and all the fires like cars on fire and the flip cars over and shit like yeah It was nuts what they did Yeah, and then the funny part was The organizers finally said like I guess Limit biscuit had only been on for 45 minutes. Yeah, yeah, and and the promoters like we got to they're done Like we got to pull the link biscuit. So when the song ended whatever song they were on They like told Fred they're like that's it sets over news like Kate and they went walked off stage and then Bush had to go out and Bush is like a great rock band but they're like, you know, he's he's a heartthrob They're not like not limp biscuit, right? It's like good looking Gavin. He's singing about you know, you know So Gavin has this it's really cool like the interview Gavin. He's like you know There's two ways to do this like like we can either go out there and just Get boot off stage because we don't know how to handle that like you know They're like what is Gavin gonna do with this crowd because it's really hard to do like what do you do with them? Mm-hmm and Gavin Gavin went out and he like restored peace and love Some one yeah No, he like I was very impressed. I was very impressed very impressed in hindsight Yeah, he got the crowd to like calm down and just listen to the music and he kept telling them like you know in between songs like You know You know the peace love and unity of woodstock is all here tonight and he just kept like common them down and then they play another song and yeah It was it was really interesting how they presented it in the documentary so yeah, you know And then you know what in the rave tent that night fat boy slim had to abandon his tower and And least because I didn't look too well and yeah, so I will see how day three goes I don't think it improves any So that's spoiler alert It doesn't alert me It didn't mean to ruin it, but I just really did that Yeah, I really enjoyed the Like the remembering everything because I remember watching that much you know the updates on TV like the much music channel I'm hearing Canada had like someone on site, you know reporting back and all that So Victoria pointed those people out like I didn't know who they were the Canadian. Yeah, into Rick one camp Yeah, yeah, and there was one that was a sock There's a sock yeah, it's a sock. Yeah, it's a sock. Yeah, it's like it's at the sock and I was like who the fuck is that the sock? So she told me he's in the top two all the socks of full right yeah, he'll interview people you know his hat. He's like so you're new album Consacts like you know He'll people people people would put off of them because it was fun. You know like yeah, yeah, yeah I'm learning all sorts all the Canadian stuff though Really good stuff. I didn't know via I got a couple questions for you guys Because I these are words that I wasn't familiar with the Victoria was Beaking you're familiar with the term beaking either of you like running running your mouth running your mouth or chirping Sure, yeah, yeah, okay, so there's already those are whole thing. Yeah, yeah, both hot things I guess and Shmelt's are you familiar with the term shmelt's? I've heard it. I wouldn't use it though. What does it mean? It's like the newbies on the hockey team that get like reamed out all the time and stuff Oh, I can't smell okay. Never heard that you done all my years I thought he might have but I wasn't sure because it's a Canadian so it's like a it's like a jobber and wrestling Yeah, yeah, there you go Yeah, yeah, yeah, I like they had a bunch of stuff on there Look trying to do is an Instagram account. I used to follow it was all hockey fights It's called keep I still follow that keep was it called King chirping keep chirping muddy or something like that It's all hockey fights And then I follow another one spit and checklets Oh, yeah, I follow them spit and checklets is good. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah That's so hockey so Canadian hockey. Okay What's next we got more YouTube questions we've got a ton of YouTube questions and facts All right, so roll with another one This is technically arched it is technically our Q&A episode, right? This is yeah, this will speak Q&A anyways Well, they both kind of like how we've yeah, like how we answered one we took one. Yeah, we don't even know what we're doing anymore Hey, just a common year from come to us who's Canadian She's one of our you know long time listeners. She says it'd be crazy awesome to get Cuba in Jamie and the same podcast in 2023 we could make that happen. We can get that happen. Yeah, yeah, that's easy There was another one here where was this this was such I think a good idea It was directed at Ron how about this one? What do you think of this dusty show idea 20 things that make Ron safe that guy? Yes And I can think of so many because I've actually made Ron say that to me at least 20 times. Yeah Yeah, I got Ron moment today. Yeah, I had a Ron moment today But it was different I was saying that guy and the reason was I pre-ordered my sandwich my glorious sandwich And they left off things on my sandwich. I thought to myself That guy A and B for once I agree with Ron because this sandwich sucks Yeah, it was a tough situation. You know I had I've got guy the other day. Yeah, yeah, I'm kidding nice You know, you know who who gets it from me when I've got when I'm driving and I want to get into the turning lane Which is white on Right, but I can't get into the turning lane Because the guy in front of me is just sitting at the red and he's got like five feet of space before the next car Yeah, oh yeah, and he's oblivious That guy like be aware like how are you not aware that you're right beside a turning lane like when I pull up in that spot Like there's four cars at the light and you're the fifth car and you're kind of gonna be that the guy that blocks the turning lane Yeah, yeah, yeah, like I'll actually I'll actually pull over to the dotted line like I'll take the top corner of that spot To try to get my ass out a bit like I'm aware of other Being people on the road like that's that's a thing and then that this person like I'm sitting right on there So I'm inches from their bumper and I can't get by them because I need like another foot, right? Yeah, and I'm just staring at the side of their head They do not look in their mirror once like they're just sitting there like Like who sits or like this? You don't give like a little tap or did deep meet me. Oh, yeah, well, that's when they get the honk they get the honk and there's no Like not even a flinch Wow like not even a flinch like there's no awareness at that honks for them and then the light turns green and they move a bit I'm just like that guy He's in his own little girl Wasn't he yeah, okay, okay, we got one we got one dusty. I think we're about this there. We're done It ever does Ron is the happiest angry Canadian Anyways But that's that's that's what that guy affords me to do is let it go. I just give him a stroke that guy Yeah, let it go Let it go So he'll get his some talk about him. I'll get him. That's what we had next question for the next show please If you were coaching Nick Walker, how would you fix his lat spread poses? He may have been second place if he could of one two poses for points So I didn't think I mean, was there a lot of talk about his lat spreads? No, I didn't think there was any talk about them I have a great response, but I want to see the pictures first. Yeah, so here's a real life Did you do something I'm not aware of? Yeah, give me a minute. I'll be able to pull a front last spread up too But there's do you guys see anything wrong with that the rear rear lat? Well, I mean I have to see him in person Yeah, I don't know like I mean is that how his back looks fully open or is there more room? I mean I don't see a front here. I mean the traps The traps appear to be pulled pretty tight So that's a good sign the scapula are as far apart as they'll go You know, I don't know I would it you know I'm not gonna criticize I mean fucking crazy muscular you know, straddy glutes shredded hamstrings fucking you know what 285 pounds. I mean yeah Could he be a little could he press it? I guess he could press it open more like if he pushed his spine out more I guess Well, I don't know well, I mean I don't know if he's gonna like like looking at a picture without physically being there I don't know if he's gonna look wider like you know how you might move a guy and then you're like Oh, you don't actually look wider right back and then you move him back right and then you move him another way and you're like oh You look wider there like you're trying to make it dramatic right so I mean First of all I don't see Matt Janssen Standing in front of him in a hotel room and watching him do lat spreads and not saying something if there's a problem You know So there's that I have a I have a few simple thoughts Okay, my first is No one Is beating dareclans for a little at spread Yeah, yes, yeah, you're not gonna lead him up close anyway, so so that's another thing The question is gonna happen next year or this year. Yeah, so That's the one thing and then the the big thing I was gonna say without even seeing the picture is this I used to think about this with Ben Fakalsky right people are you got no back He needs to do more rows and he's do this. I'm like do you think that he hasn't done Everything he could possibly do To make his back better you know now you know So what I see this regardless of any other thought that I can come up with it This is the best his last spread can be in this moment because there's no way like Ron said The between him and his entire team that they just left a pose and that they could have just quickly fixed Yeah, you know what I mean I also think the guy's lose track of the fact of how what this level is like I kind of find it funny to be picking apart the guy who took third at the Olympic and be like wow the last spreads a little week You know for sure You know it's Anything that can be done is being done and I don't think that I don't think that there's anything that I would suggest even if I had great and all it Just there's there's no way and one thing that Ron said that I agree with a hundred percent is Sometimes people want to change things out of habit without watching like I remember I hired Kenny wall to do my posing and I hit my last spread and that my real last spread is just a lights out shot it always was Pretty much or wasn't anybody I was worried about in that pose and I remember Kenny started messing with it He's like well pull your elbows forward more pull him forward more you I always get better results with this and I literally just had Kenny I'm like no one's ever beat me in a back last Mind tire life yeah, why are we talking with right? Like I think you have to have some of that in your mind as well Whereas if it was For me any other shot I was like fix it all they're terrible any advice you have that you think to get a little bit better I'll fucking take because I need every centimeter you know so That is the best way for Nick to hit that shot in my mind because it's the only way someone's obsessive is him would hit it It's the best possible way yeah I had to pull up Derek to just because I wanted to see it now That is a pretty nice time shot It is a crazy shot that's also That pose because I've seen him on stage that's all the way open yet. Yeah, it gets me I think you as one He's not all the way open there. He's just that good Let's see if they got a picture of it. It might be it's like three quarters stood for real It's bonkers when he hits that shot Some of this front and rear double though I'll let me grab the last one. Let's see if this is any different. Let's see if this is any wider here I'll put him up side by side actually so this is right before he stopped this pose and went to the next one more or less the same Yeah, he's not it's actually is better but he's not yeah. I mean come on It's close for a very good There's my point on the shot is it's just nuts. Yeah. He looked really good. Anyway. Yes Okay, I'll wait like a tiger Yeah, what's next? All right Jerry says um now that we see two guys from the two 12 division come in first in second in the open division What are your thoughts on how well flex Lewis would have done if he had competed? That's a great question. Great question. I saw it because I looked through the YouTube comments and I saw that comment and I I was like That's fucking good one I actually thought about that when we were watching the show And it was like Derek and Hottie like and I was thinking they should be top two. I was like man Flex was here that would be fucking great because I would fully expect and It's not even remotely far fetched to believe that What Derek did going from being a two 12 guy to being like two 35 I fully expect Flex Lewis to do he would have done exactly that at least Like he would have been in the two 30s as well. So you could you would have expected to see the same Persic think of the step-up Derek made scale wise on size and everything that would have been the case with Flex as well and he was beating Derek in the two 12 so You know does that put flex battling with Hottie for the win at that point like I would not find that far fetched at all But look at the pictures of like Lewis had his last Olympia just take the back double put it between Derek and Hottie Yes, with a long Completely longs like and and and that's at a low weight like he at two 12 he belongs between those guys in a call out So who knows? What about really really crazy Imagine if the top three were all guys from the two 12 they'd be wild So here's another question that I that makes me think of is Do they regret not letting Clarita do the open now? Hmm Because I still don't understand what the reasoning was behind that and I guess I never will because it's just fucking dumb Um But like what are you suggesting he couldn't have hung because one and two went to two 12 guys that were open I understand the difference but We've also been over a million times Then why didn't Clarita look small next to Regan when he beat him? Right, he dimensions change that like you just said Ron you put Flex up there When he was two 12 and he can stay with those guys when they were 235 So you know That that's the same case so I don't know I really hope that they change that because the fans want to see who is the best You know kind of brings back the idea which I if you don't told me this a year ago I would have laughed at you, but it does bring back the question Go back to the old days and say okay now the best two 12 go stand with the best open who wins the whole thing Yeah Right, that'd be crazy. No, I would see the two 12 conferences in up in at the end You know or at least at least the winner or maybe that's the new thing the winner of the two 12 since it's the night before Can do the open tomorrow If he wants to You know, I mean why not to see that me too I love to see I don't know I think you got to make it I feel like just the only in a bodybuilding doesn't do well in comparison That's especially invite that's the same Yeah, when you got it to wait until we get a sport exciting Right, I mean that makes it exciting and that's think about hockey and all I mean right I don't know how much you keep up it like they altered the game Because The world changed the athletes got bigger the ranks the same size the goalies equipment got bigger like okay What do we got to do to make the game? Better and I'm gonna use that with quotes. I don't think it's not so bad or now, but they've altered it If you could make the Olympic exciting where it's like holy now so and so is in the Olympic at a moral I mean it's like when you turn pro and you get to do the show the next day like sure you had a disadvantage I mean a you're the new kid on the block beat just competed yesterday, but no one says no to it Everyone's like fuck yeah, I'll see tomorrow like let's do it. Yeah, so I love to see it I'd love to see it and I think that flex Absolutely would have been in the top group right there And I have a I'm a big believer in betting on the jockey I Have a hard time to say flex those wouldn't win anything it does I mean if you're getting into real estate I'd like well, I think I want to be my agent because he's gonna be awesome Yeah, like Winners win Yep All right, there's that got one from Joe here. He says Question for the next show. I've always felt my joints fail Before my muscles do when pushing to failure. I've gotten a few Naging old sports injuries and little girl joints. I spent a long time pushing through joint pain Swapping exercises and messing around with volume and frequency in my missing something I'm only 30 years old Definitely not getting it's not definitely getting easier the older I get and he says thank you OG fan of the network and the show. Thank you Joe Huh well a couple things come to mind first of all he's only 30 So That's a little young for like you know nagging joint pain to be hindering you in a whole bunch of ways So he really you know should attack this problem um Like I don't know what he's doing like Does he just stretch a lot more and increases flexibility and you know take pressure off his tendons and legaments and You know open up his range is emotion and all that sort of stuff is it like a is it as easy? Is it something like that that he has to do or Like what sport did he play like does he have no card to lose left and anything like what was he doing? Yeah, I don't know what to say but the Like cabin joint pains have they gonna hold your back because I mean that's when your body stops firing muscles right if there's joint pain And less power gets sent to the muscles around the joint and you just so you'll lose strength and So you can't really train even trying to train through joint pain. That's why it's not smart because You know it's you're you're you're fighting your nervous system It's just I don't know what to say to the guy It's hard without seeing it's hard without seeing him train and because it's a blanket like I mean The way it's written every single joint in his body is an issue Yeah, which you know I'm not saying it's not possible so the the first question is is For me would be do you have that joint pain when the weight's lighter? Like are you ranging a point where You need to say to yourself okay. I can't go above x weight but I can still take that weight to a higher intensity You know or is it something as simple like something drives me crazy? I literally heard this in the gym yesterday kids doing Press towns with a straight bar and he was it hurts my wrist and I'm like Why are you doing that and he yeah? Yes like well because it hits the tricep different I'm like no, it does not That's absolutely wrong Different handle user user broke user whatever put your Rist in a comfortable spot and the elbow will bend and straighten that is a tricep movement is fine So yeah, that would be my argument here too like maybe he needs to get completely away from barbos Maybe the freedom of dumbbells will help because it's gonna allow your body to move in a more natural Place for you, you know Maybe machines are a good way to go maybe you know I love when I was having shoulder problems I really started getting into all the Machines that had cable options like a cable shoulder press a cable bench press Because I still got constant Resistance but my one arm my good move a little differently than the other yeah, so I could stay comfortable Just focus on the muscle and that's the last thing is Ask yourself if you're feeling the muscle that's intended. I feel like that's a big thing people miss When they're starting to get into progressive overload. They're just moving weight You know or even on a negatives, you know, I was just explaining the niki yesterday we're doing like real slow negatives on a On a Leg press and I said no make sure when you're going slow you're not just going slow Do you feel your quad being what's resisting the negative that matters? You know, so a lot a lot of questions to ask yourself when you're doing these movements and feeling that pain because Something has to be off more than just by joint's hurt Right, don't no matter what you did as your career before unless you were you know, I don't know doing Junkyard crashing cars. I don't imagine every joint your body is So Valid I know that like my shoulder will be out will be off and I'll get shoulder pain If my peck minor is too tight. Oh, yeah, yeah, and it's like Wonder if he's got any of that going on he could maybe what if he went to what if he went to like a really good Practitioner like a like a active release technician Fashio stretched therapist FTS that's what I've gone to and then I've learned that's where like I learned that from it's like oh So I've been dealing with all this trick and shoulder pain in that bicep tendon Because my packs are pulling me forward and it's been doing that for years You get that loose and up and then you figure out how to keep it loosened up yourself and guess what I don't get it But if it starts coming back then I know what I need to do to correct it. Yeah, you guys are right like at 30 He's way too young to be getting like immobilized. Yeah, you know Yeah, yep, kind of related I would call this one from Read Parker Related unrelated. I like this question I'm talking about training multiple questions in a row weird. We got a bunch more than aren't related So here we go I've done a good upset by that one I trained to mechanical failure every set form breaks down reps slow down immensely And don't happen at the or don't happen at the end of the set So it is true failure, but I feel like I don't train hard enough I don't have the training partner so I'm not doing forced reps But I do utilize drop sets rest-pause sets in every workout is the feeling of not doing enough Something you've ever experienced even though you're achieving muscular failure Yeah, that's I mean I think part of the battle in the gym I always wrestled with you know like what was the perfect amount of volume You know should I do another set? You know like maybe I should and and and You know there'd be periods of time where I'd be making good progress like seeing the log book go up All that sort of stuff so it's a little easier To end your workout Yeah, because if you did let's say you did six working sets last week And then this week you did six working sets and you got PRs on you like went up a rep on two of two of your sets Or whatever you're like oh, I'm not gonna change anything. I'll do the same amount of volume And then the next week you can come any you go up another rep on a couple things you're like oh, there's no But you know sometimes and you have a workout where none of your reps go up You know that happens and you think gosh, should I do some extra sets like there's always that little voice in the back of your head It's like you know do I do another set you know like it was always kind of a a tight rope I walked You know the train hard enough you know Could I have trained harder you know I guess I don't know that's see I guess there's a little bit of that overachiever on your efforts But it's also it's not a navy seal workout like Like you know people say oh, well You know body like I've heard people say bodybuilders don't train that hard and I'm like good well What they're doing is really hard but they're doing a certain task like they're taking Set's a mechanical failure to cause a muscle to grow But yeah They're sitting on a bench for three minutes between sets of leg press Which to someone who's maybe like a navy seal Where they're like oh swim five miles run 10 miles like that sort of they're like oh well that's harder and like yeah It's harder, but it's it's it's not the same thing like If the goal of a workout was just to kill you Then you would superset everything and Do 20 reps on everything and just drive yourself into the ground Is that was the goal that's not what makes a good bodybuilder so So just because you're not dead doesn't mean you would need to do more like We talk about training hard we talk about putting everything you got into it Not leaving reps on the table and all that but you know We're not literally on the ground unable to move every workout that's not that's not what training hard Is you know training hard you also you leave the gym with your bag in your hand and you walk to your car And you drive home like you're okay You know Like it's because you're not dead every time you it doesn't mean you didn't do enough I don't know I understand them and tally is what I'm saying yeah I think what you nailed was with the log book wrong like it does make it easier to and again I have to I always have to say this Don't just beat the number beat the number the same way so the reps need to be the same We tempo it's preserving all those things but assuming that's right it does make it easier To walk out and I always I always hated the word hard Like did you train hard? Because it's a loose subject. What the fuck does that mean? Whereas I did enjoy the fact that I could say That is the best set of squats I've ever had in my life Black and white yes that is the best I've ever done Walk away or it's the best in this blast or whatever it is and it does make it easier because to answer his question bluntly Basically wrote no you're doing everything you can go home You know Yeah, and then ask your foot Yeah, everything you wrote tells me you're nailing it, you know and and there are those days where you I'm sure we've all had those days where you feel extra smoked and you don't really know why it's the same workout And then there's other days feels like there's gas in the tank but You did everything it's time to go home, you know, so yeah, I do think that's the oak Richies or mentality but that's why the log book always helped me because like Ron said a million times I love a scoreboard in life because it's very blatant yeah Was this better than last time yes good go home? Was it worse yes Go home you still go home But you know, yeah, you locked in and it allows you to make sure you set up for because I think the one intangible is how people approach their workouts like I Used to Even use the word stress Leading into a workout Like holy shit last time I did the worst of the best I've ever done and I got to beat it I would think about it all day sure and then get to the gym and read it and then before the set like if it's a rest pause I'm like okay, I gotta get I got seven last of my first attempt. I need eight this time Then the next one I need this and then you don't I mean it was that much so by the time you were under the bar You were so locked in Whereas I think when you just go to the gym to train hard Maybe sometimes you're not quite as locked in them. You're not obsessing over that set right you know I know Juan has said he's racked the weight before and started thinking about next week. I gotta beat this Like just put it on the bar he's writing it down and thinking son of a seven days from now Yeah, I gotta beat this you know and I think that's what gets can be missing from working out hard Yeah, and also too like you know guys you train really sloppy with You know reform and stuff They can train those some of those guys are trained super gonna hard Because they're literally wrestling with weights that are too heavy for like All the movements are doing you know you see the guys with like the partial presses and you're using dumbbells that are way too heavy And it looks like it's really difficult To do right like they're handling the dumbbells that are too heavy they're kind of rickety They're doing the half reps and then they're on the peck deck do and like half reps The whole stack and their effort is off the chain and they're they're actually like training really hard But it's like so much misguided effort that's inefficient, you know, so you have all this like wasted energy That isn't actually gonna get them results and they might get like like we've seen some guys get results for like A crazy amount of time doing that sort of stuff But most people don't most people just start to get like so our elbows and you know Most mortal people just start to develop problems, you know what I mean, but but they're training really hard So yeah, Dusty's right hard isn't everything. There's more to it, you know But logbook and helps. That's how you find out All right What are some tips or supplements you've used when you're sick to get back in the gym quicker? I got a bunch for this one You got my my so my first is is simple which is Get better. Yeah, I see that that's the weirdest thing to me is this rush to get back to gym if you get to the gym early Your body's not there to train. It's still trying to get better like it is a enormous mistake To make your obsession how fast can I get back to the gym like I literally even in my Best point of body really almost is a word prime, but my level of the really wasn't a prime. Oh calm But when you you're at your very most focused point like I would still say to myself Okay, even if I can't eat my food. I'm gonna get food down Whatever it can be like literally my obsession switched from body to getting better That's my biggest answer like I literally just focused on getting better and even if it meant I Whatever some magical bullshit soup three times a day fine Because as long as the day I was better I woke up and felt good I was ready to get back to work ready to get back to eating and that's the best way to go I I feel like and I know Ron is pressed on this many times even on his Q and A's on his page like There's this fear of like missing the gym for a couple days like it's all gonna melt away Like just get better you'll be fine if you're gone for five fucking days. I mean I just did it You know I took five days off leading the Olympian purpose to just take a break Then it was sick for seven more so I ended up being gone almost two weeks and Nice stepped on the scale that morning to see how light I was and I was 286 I was 285 when I left the Olympia my It's fine right and I went to the gym train. I was just as strong as I was two weeks ago like nice So my answer to all the secret supplement is relax your sick get better Yeah, go up I am not a fan Well, I want to say they do nothing But just got a fan of yeah, I'm not a fan of the guys that like Like I'm just I They don't give their immune systems and I've credit like You're like oh go on the vagus I'm gonna go get my vitamin drip. I'm not like always into that stuff. Yeah. I mean you know what I mean? Like I'm gonna fortify myself before the trip. I'm like You got a good immune system where you don't like a little late to like it's not like doing that once I could see long term right right right right like it's it's the it's the We're cleaning it that's not how it works. Yeah, that's how it works like I I bet if you did one every week Like I don't know what the studies are but if you do in every week Do you have a better immune system? All I'm saying is I'm not sure that one time Like doing it the one time is enough to like fortify, you know I just think it works that way is anybody out there have any science on it If the classes that wrong or not? Yeah, well you do build your immune system with certain vitamins and they've proven yes You know with you know the with the That's been going around the last couple of years. It's called us to all that stuff and Well vitamin D was one of those wasn't that vitamin D is a big one Yeah, yeah, and I take it every day for years and you know what? I think that bodybuilders should get their vitamin D levels checked. I had low vitamin D After I competed for like remember we were talking about what was the longest time you ran trend That was a long season. I dieted for like like from February through November and so I'd been running gear on an Offer really long time and after that I had like a lot of fatigue and I couldn't figure it out eventually I figured out it was my vitamin D that was you know gear will reduce your vitamin D levels and so A lot of us even if we're taking like 5,000 units it might not be enough so for me I need 10,000 to get like a decent level But having just caught it again like that was one of my big fears too. I was like I had such a bad experience two years ago It screwed me up. I still can't breathe right what if I were to catch it again so low and behold I catch it again In this time now we have so much science so much understanding about it I mega-dosed the D now. I'm not gonna suggest that anybody does this But this this is not just me making it up 100,000 units for three days straight like that's a lot of vitamin D You know, yeah plus well-funded NAC and AC is really NAC is so good at helping our immune systems with this In such a great antioxidant that the government wants to turn it into a drug They want to reclassify it and they're fighting to be that right now. It works too good It does and we're too healthy. Yeah, if anyone's confused on how mad they want us weak listening to this conversation Yeah, it's really good and it's and yeah, and they'll they'll guys it all and oh well It's so powerful we need to protect you from reckless use of it. Yeah, exactly Because there's been so many NAC overdoses right so they've heard them all over the news another kid bites the dust I'm gonna fuck so now so now is there anything is there anything like in those drips or anything We're just the one good hit is enough to actually make your immune system better I bet you this and you were to get sick and you were to hammer him I don't know what's in a drip, you know, it would probably have to be a specific cocktail But if you can bulls it does a whole bunch yeah if you can bulls it does the right things I mean that could be beneficial you know, but it's the drink Yeah, I would do it was called a Myers cocktail. Oh, yeah, yeah, and then and then three In terms of magnesium all at once they would bulls through you when you literally feel you're buying a pool Yeah, and like it was It's funny because as usual some explain it to me so I would just do it when I started to feel really smoked during crap. Yeah, like you know And you just feel tired the whole time not sick or you just You'd wake up you just you go do that so like how many in a prep like would you do it 10 times in a prep or five times oh No two Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, like just when you were like gas you hit that thing and man all sudden for weeks you were back on fire again So I don't know if it would have the same effect For like sickness, but it was drastic where you're like holy shit like so you wake up I might have access I might have access to get some drips done Yeah, for like very very low cost is there anything you guys would recommend like I know there's like gluteo thio and all those other drips Is there anything you'd recommend like what's a good one? I think it depends on what your needs are you know I mean like if you were to say you have you know an issue that gluteo thio would be beneficial But you know NADploss is another real good one, but it like if you needed it, you know Right right Okay, this is a look at my morning supplements for the last with this this was flared like the three Three days here I'm bringing it in right now This is my morning reading is yeah, that was that was like for three days. This is what I took every morning Along with you know the over-the-counter stuff to the left amino asylum use our code think I their BPC 157 for inflammation with the bug is super beneficial so I ran that I Found that cardering All right, excuse me, um, Alcarnitine was Super helpful in my recovery from brain fog so I figured while I better keep running it while I catch this thing again And then I felt the same way about cardering cardering really it helped a lot with the brain fog and energy and And just I think there was like some issues with like mitochondrial function and that's what screwed up my lungs And things that improve that Alcarnitine You pick one all at a high dose like 400 milligrams a day in cardering have all helped me to be able to breathe better And then all the over-the-counter stuff too like high dose vitamin C three times a day official oil The vitamin D but anyway it it bounced me back real fast like I was concerned But I think I still have some like natural immunity and I wouldn't say that it'd bread you Everybody should go out and do that but if somebody were suffering along with the other thing I did was Uh, they found a lot of science with nasal lenses Because the yeah, you know the nasal lenses. I mean what's huge. Yeah, yeah Yeah, I'm wondering if like for nasal infections and stuff if people shouldn't be doing that more often just to get the bacteria and all that out, you know There I saw one guy. I think he was on Rogan and he was talking about how if we would have used Like disinfectant nasal sprays. Yeah, yeah, and And and and also throat rinses. Yep, you know like disinfectant nasal sprays and throat rinses That's actually would have been a massive prophylactic barrier for the spread so I was using A gargle with with an antiseptic succines a day and then an antiseptic using like a saline solution nasal runs twice a day and it just You know flush all that crap out of there. So You know anyway that was that was what works for me. Okay this time around But I agree with you. I'll be a legal amount of a matter of weeks now. Yes, nasal lenses I mean now illegal you need a doctorist prescription protecting you from not Spending the money so they can make millions. Okay got it overrated underrated G and R as a band The total history and then he also adds in slash as a guitarist and an influencer on guitarists all over the planet I think you might be a fan I also think that wrong the only one equipped to fully answer this because I just have an opinion that's Not valid Yeah, I I mean I don't I know he sort of included the total history and brackets there Because that would like include you know Getting into this spaghetti incident album and the Chinese democracy album which actually did by himself with all of the other members right you Remember and like all that stuff was that good so Now okay, wasn't I mean it was just wasn't guns and roses you know what I mean it's just axle There was no one else there you know, so and you know they wrote music as a band it wasn't like axle was fucking the genius behind it all You know what I mean so so So yeah, but I mean I just ignore that stuff the only stuff I listen to is like the first You know appetite the user illusions and then the lies album they put out that's that's that's the collection You know that's the definitive guns and roses collection and I would say there there are now a days are underrated I mean there's a lot of people that have never really heard anything other than sweet child a mine and welcome to the jungle in November rain, but there's like an enormous collection of Really fucking great stuff One of my favorite things about guns and roses is there early days there's some live recordings now from the early days like before appetite came out like 86 87 because you know they do the 25th anniversary release the lux edition and they they pin a bunch of like Rare live stuff onto the end so you can go on like Apple music non Spotify and you can listen to that sort of shit and and I just love them back then because they were like a really Important really important band because hair metal was really dominating like poison and you know The death leopard and like sort of let's call it nice hair metal Do you know to mean You know what I mean? Nice Like like you know really really done up nicely sound super clean on the records real You know production value through the roof, you know everyone look good and then guns and roses just like they came out of like Hollywood strip like Thrash Hard rock sort of punk rock scene, you know Duff McCagans a punk rock base player. He just he's a punk punk that joined a rock band So they had like all this punk influence and You know and slash had so many amazing influences from Hendrix to you know the Ramones to all that stuff So they're like a punk rock Thrash Band that was kind of like Swaggering hard rock Hollywood band also like motley crew and and so they they really stood out back then like they were like the ass kick and like Loona ticks right guns and roses were like the people that were gonna you know do all your drugs and For your girlfriend and leave her house destroyed You know and and that was the that was the band and that's what they were back then in the 80s and like I love love that era of GnR This is why we didn't answer yeah, wrong yeah, because we don't have to There's a great dog in your favorite line at the very end where you go, but I don't really know much about them Yeah But I've watched the slash documentary there was one I can't remember if it's on Netflix or Like Amazon but there's one it's just called slash and It's just to own him and it's great. It's really good because like Lot of people don't realize where he came from he grew up in Hollywood his parents were in the music industry so he grew up around musicians his whole life and he was in the music industry So you know slash grew up like around that that's no surprise that it became a rock star So awesome Right the BMX I just like when when somebody asked a question that I want the answer to because then I just get to enjoy the answer There's footage of slash on a BMX bike too. There's footage of a Oh, yeah, there is there's old tour footage where he's on a BMX bike Ripping around the parking lot of the tour bus like having fun on somebody's BMX You know what I thought I remember to that and I was like oh yeah, I remember seeing that and then I was like no I just remember Ron telling me that once before some time ago And it's like this is like in the BMX In the documentary yeah and in the documentary he talks about like just Ryan is bike around Hollywood with his friends like they lived on their bikes It's pretty cool One last one because that's all we have time for it could be a huge one, but I'm sure we can Figure out how to make this work time accordingly Dave says okay guys Here goes for each of you individually What was the best thing funniest and worst thing that happened to each of you in 2022 Great podcast guys thanks and This question is meant for you for next year 2023 So he was sent that a couple days oh got you yeah Okay These are hard Yeah, like see best thing is difficult and I hate this Yeah, my answer is is gonna sound like a cop out, but it's actually real the best thing that happened to me I shouldn't say that happened in 2022, but I really realized was um The realization of Things that are happening in the moment now like I'm very very aware of great moments. They're tiny that people miss every single day Like just silly things that I'm like I will remember this in 10 years this moment right here And I think people miss that stuff because when they're thinking of best things like for example, you know An easy answer for someone in my shoes would be like oh I bought a new house or got my mom's house or those things are like seeing like the ones But it's not it's like you know I have those I've had many many of those moments especially with me this year where like I walk out of a situation and I'm like That was awesome. Yeah, that little dinner right there was awesome or whatever it is you know what I mean So so that's my best thing is just noticing that stuff now because it happens all the time and I Spent 40 years missing all of it. Yeah, so that's the best. What do you guys got for that portion? I I actually really Get that answer dusty because I can't imagine like when you say what's the best moment? Well, you know I had a lot of great moments like Like hanging out with you and Dubai Is like fucking so fun or See in Dino in England this year going to the guitar store with them that one day and like like that was Can awesome like just super amazing stuff that I got to do or going to Toronto with Braden to compete at his first Nationals and like getting that feeling like because I felt like I did a show right like Yeah got the Airbnb put the tan on You know getting up and looking at them all through the night like it was you know back to business It was like you know exactly what I love about bodybuilding, you know going to a show with one guy You know kicking some ass, you know that sort of thing So like that was awesome But then we had the five-year anniversary at the gym and all the appreciation that goes with that and then we had You know going to Dallas with my business partner I did it there. I helped him for Dallas show a Awesome you know what I mean like going down to the Dallas pro and There's just too many things going to Jamie's gym earlier this year hangin out and Vegas with the mutant team Yeah, there's just too many things and and and I'm grateful for all of those things and they all just like stand out to me like Dozens and dozens of things when I think of like the best moment I can't imagine picking one of them like oh yeah, there's so many great little things and and and also too like when I say When I say like Hangin I would Dino in England It's not the being in England apart it was like me and Dino hanging out at a guitar store for three hours and playing the drums For sure bases and bound like that's the best stuff Yeah, like sure Yeah, my answer is exactly like exactly the same as as yours both of yours that like I mean I did have one really big one and that is the Victorian I got married Yeah, you get the little you get to puncture It was you were one though, you know it was more than that though, you know like that was a really cool thing But just all of it, you know just like there are so many cool things and you know what I Had put that episode out about dopamine and And this ties in so much that dopamine is with that one where we're thinking about the future and thinking about Trying to achieve something and I mentioned you in the conversation dusty I said I know this guy who was he's a very successful bodybuilder and he had this terrible accident and he almost died And in now when he talks about training His his perspective is that he just loves being able to do it and being able to get in the gym makes him happy And what it is is that when you can focus on the here and now and you can appreciate the moment You're no longer accessing those dopamine things that make you want to try to get more and get more You're accessing serotonin and a bunch of other brain chemicals that create happiness and Contentment just for being in the moment and that's what I think you're getting now the the brain shift You've had you're getting that out of the gym or you know I got to get that not only at the wedding, but like hanging out at the Olympia and getting to meet all the listeners and seeing you guys Interact with everybody or I mean I got like I got the opportunity to go to England this year and meet a guy I have podcasted with for like five years, but never met in my life, you know and hang out with him I consider one of my best friends and just so many cool things that I've I've gotten to do this year That make me feel like it was a really cool year overall so I can't pick one either But if I did I think what people should do in case you listen You do like me. Yeah, if you guys if you guys do like me and you take a lot of We take pictures of a lot of stuff like you know just at at Dubai and doing stuff So whenever one was doing like their year and review I Went back and I started to do that and I didn't do it because there was too much like I literally couldn't do a post But it also made me realize like holy Like we saw like five shows this year we did Three vacation like the amount of things bought houses bought more like the things that happened I was like How was that all in a year yeah and I think that you know My advice anyone listening now is is if you can instead of having that that big thing for your year this year If you can make sure for example I remember realizing when Ron and I were at the Arnold and Jamie came up I was like This is one of us like this is it's is one of us and he's been here for an hour and that we meet people all the time and cool people But they're not So not gonna be with us you know what I mean? I remembered that moment. I was like This guy is one of us and now you spend time with him and now his wife and I'm like I don't know these people are with us now. You know what I mean? Yeah, I feel like a lot of that stuff gets missed by people when they're thinking about I bought a new house this year. I'm like Glad I bought a house so I'm gonna be wrong, but I'm pretty sure the relationships that I built this year are worth more than the house I bought and that's right something that a lot of people miss when they're living in their apartment Do you know the name? I like yeah that stuff's all there for you too. You know I also like to Like you know there's certain ways that you think of yourself and you have to Be in somewhat in control of how you think of yourself You know like you know some people have a negative about look on themselves or whatever They look at them some reblained themselves for stuff But I mean I've you know I've watched enough and read enough you know between the people I follow and you know the old the old you know Video of Jordan Peters and tell me to clean my room comes through my feed and and and and you just get all these influences It's sort of make you think a certain way and um one of the the things I like to think of is is What version of me is? The version of me that's leaving 2022 How is it better than the version that came into 2022? Like you know don't think necessarily about you know what you have or what you did or you know Is the version of you better you know like do you have new skills do you have new ways of looking at things like do you view things? You know or are you better at handling stress or you better at being appreciative are you like all those things like you know what I mean Yeah, and so you know one of the things about about this past year is I'm like actually like I'm pretty happy I think the version that's Starting this year is better than the other version of me, you know I mean there's some obvious stuff like I'm a better guitar player Like I'm a much better guitar player now than I was four months ago like since I really delve back in like a really Picked up like a bunch of stuff. I don't know if I'm as good as I used to be in some ways I might be better but it's coming you know I'm a better on my bike you know there's a trick the kind like two tricks this year That I didn't have last year, so I learned a couple new tricks. Yeah, you know, so and and then and then you know Also dealing with business stress and taking the emotion out of decisions That's been something that I worked on this year whenever a business decision comes up like what are we gonna do with this piece of equipment Right the old me might have been emotionally attached to that piece But the new me it's like I can get rid of it see what people think bring another piece in see if they like it like just because I like that piece Doesn't mean it stays because no one else might use it like it might be better spot so they that's just an example Yeah, trying to be emotionally more intelligent with like business decisions and all that sort of stuff and just being aware You know also relationships stuff, you know like you know when Being more cognizant of of when maybe when Emily's having a hard day and being more able to pick up on that She's having a hard day, so you could be more of a contributor to like turning it around You know what I mean just all that all those little things and those are these little things that I've like Throughout the year I tried to work on you know I don't know if that's fucking nonsense to some people, but I like to think that way, you know when coming out of your year Because that's like you know if someone strips away all your money or you'll lose this or you lose that You still have your tools like what are you like you know what makes you want How you you know your decision making your skills, you know everything So it's try to improve the version of you this year so that next year you're you know Elevated and you improve again and then you improve again You know like like I was sick like the character in a video game, you know your building I'm your taller instist bulls in your ability Your patience for You know you're you're trying to you know improve your scores on all those things I haven't figured out the rush hour part yet Yeah, yeah I still suck at that very much this My answer is just don't leave the house between three and six o'clock you either get to where you're going or you wait I know I agree with you on that Okay, where are we is that it that's it so that's it doggy basis oh Round just got the rail headphone It happens I got squirmy dog issues There we go All right, I think that's thing on my lap Well the whole time amazing Yeah fucking 150 degrees melty my lap You're about okay, I didn't hear word that you guys said are we done is that an episode? Did we wrap good? Yes, that we're done. Yes, so that was one of those episodes where I don't remember it I don't know what we talked about It's all right. I mean it was good. Yeah Think we're fine. Yeah Good with the times Okay, it's funny because sometimes we do that and then that's the episode people message about oh, I'm man I really appreciate it that thing that you guys talked about oh my god. I don't remember that episode at all Okay, remember like share subscribe comment and ring the bell Come with questions Any questions for the next show YouTube questions get preferential Treatment we didn't even do question blocks on Instagram this week because we knew we had a lot of YouTube So scots on the case but ask one again you'll get asked next week Thanks everybody remember I am mutant dot com user code bigron 20 or dusty 20 and Remember the big buddy building patreon To help keep all the faint big network channels Growing and flowing and all that stuff yeah, thanks everybody. Thank you everybody. Thank you everybody Who's helping to support the show you guys are doing a great job and I really appreciate it and everybody with the comments too And we're almost at 21,000 we will probably be there by the time the show comes out run Yes, and yeah, we definitely appreciate you guys are all your support this this past year has been crazy And keep coming up to us and bugging us and telling us you watch a show You know it's always good. I had another I had a younger kid that I hadn't met yet He stopped me in the gym the other day and I could tell he wanted to talk to me so it's like my head phone out and he's like I watched a podcast I was like oh okay, hey, you know, so I like that make sure you come up and say something Okay, everybody happy new year Let's get better at something whether it's Putting effort into your diet or being a Tolerable person to be around right dusty I'm doing my best Okay Remember everybody it's just bodybuilding