you got the physical stuff taking care of the body, the TRT for this many months, you're going to be fresh, you're going to be like a baby hunter. You're going to have that your baby receptors back. It's a little bit exciting. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're going to be like you're you're around like 300 bigs of tests and statistics float. I think I think and this is just me talking, you know, Samson keeps his camp pretty close, he's a great guy, but he keeps his people, which he should at his level. But I think he's very much so realized, he's going to live and die by his conditioning this year and he's not trying to leave that to chance. People talk about like 90s bodybuilding being like the Golden Stand and how today's like open guys like aren't as aesthetic and it's like well, you know, maybe all of those freaky aesthetic guys have been holding themselves back in plastic for the last couple years. Oh, they have been. Yeah, I hope it's like off the top of my head, you know, Irres Prism the pudding. He just wanted to open show. I will die on this hill. If you're, if you have a healthy body like no injuries, keeping you from doing it, I firmly believe you should be spending the first five to seven years here for your training on a trip or rest of the good stuff. There it is. Hey, everybody, welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding. I love of course Big Brown Partlo here with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yeah. For ad, of course, I am mutant.com headdiamet.com Dusty and Big Brown are your codes get 20% off. Have it delivered. Avoid people. Don't leave your house. All the stuff I love to do. It's crucial stuff. Hunter LeBrautta is on the show. It's good to have you back Hunter and you were just saying that last time you were on was before we had Scott kind of joining us. So it was like the first version of the show several years ago. Absolutely. And to be honest with you, this is kind of like my first for a back into the bodybuilding podcast social media around and like actually almost a year. I haven't done anything since like before the Olympia last year. It's a nice little birthday nice. I could see how that would be pleasant. Yeah, I can back in the murky waters. I don't know where. Yeah. Well, you know, sort of the, you know, you sort of take in a break from some other things too. Like what's your year been like? Catch us up on Hunter. This year has been hard but good. It's probably the best way to say, you know, started the year off feeling the mental idea of pretty fucking lost. Like didn't know what I wanted to do. Was facing a lot of uncertainty in my personal life, was facing a lot of uncertainty and in my professional life from, you know, my shoulder and his mother stuff that I had going on. So you know, beginning of the year, I was in a really, really weird spot. And, you know, after the Olympia last year, I knew I was going to take this whole year off, you know, between the physical and the personal things I had going on. So like wasn't like one of those like, oh my god, I can't bodybuild either. Like when I've rather just happened, because I knew I wanted to take a step back, but it was just kind of weird, you know, because, you know, for the last six years, I guess, you know, after the Olympia, it's okay, you know, it takes like a month or two to chill and then get on the road, start doing gas poses, pushing off season, you know, very much so I had my head buried in the sand bodybuilding for a while. And, you know, it was forced to take a step back this year, but, you know, it was one of those, uh, take one step back for two steps forward, kind of things I really feel that way. So, you know, beginning part of the year was really rough, you know, come, come like May, I had like my birthday and I had a trip to Sweden with gas, but I actually, you know, like, I'm that trip, I got to like, it was my first time I'd been in a bodybuilding trip since the Olympia, actually, so like May from like October to May, zero bodybuilding, anything. So, you know, I really know about how I was going to feel about it, but, you know, going there and getting the reception that I did and getting to talk with all these likes, minds of people and, you know, see the cool gyms, and I got to go with branch and Brett Wilkins, you know what's like, when I got back from that trip, it was one of those, no, you do like bodybuilding. You just need to learn how to upgrade, and it was differently, you know, so that was a good like first little step, and then this summer, actually, you know, for the last, you know, I don't know, eight summers, I've been pretty, you know, head down with bodybuilding, not like to the, it, me ignoring my daughter, but I definitely wasn't as present as I could be, so, you know, knowing that I wasn't competing this year, this summer actually had my daughter every single day, her mom works, I obviously live a bodybuilding lifestyle, I'm very blessed to do that, so I have a lot of flexibility, so instead of like daycare and summer camps, we had camps abroad of the summer, and I had Brooklyn every day from, you know, eight till six, and then on my weekends and stuff, so, you know, I spent the summer being dad, can't look right at me, you know, spending the summer being dad, and, you know, I'm still training and stuff, but it was very, very good for my head from the standpoint that I realized that the amount of, you know, how neurotic I had been about bodybuilding, you know, like trying to keep every single little variable controlled might have been a hurt more than a help, because, you know, like over the summer, I was, you know, eating four times a day, you know, still training because I like to train, but like, wasn't eating nearly as much food, you know, really, and this is another big one for me, this is big benefit out of this year is up until two weeks ago, I'm back now, but up until two weeks ago, I'd been on TRT since the Olympia, which had been, you know, the longest break by probably six times I've had since I went pro, so, you know, getting that chemical freshness to myself too, I feel like, you know, this whole year has just been like setting myself up to have a break out year next year, which, you know, five years into my pro career is kind of a cool thing to be able to say, and actually believe it, you know, there's a lot of guys say this year is it, but, you know, I have a really, really good feeling about this coming year. How is the shoulder now, like, what did you get done? So I had the shoulder operated today's Monday, actually, had the procedure on Monday, so 12 weeks ago today, and that is, you know, the end of the typical recovery period, so what I had to do, Doc said, eight to 12 weeks, I always, you know, had a couple weeks to that, because what I'm going to do whenever you say, I'm clear it is not what a normal person is going to do when they say they're clear to it, so five to six weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. But what I had done to it was, just about everything that you can have done besides anchoring or repairing the late room and rotator cuff. So I had three pretty big floating bone masses we removed. I had a bone spur that we shaved down. We resurfaced my few-mural head, because I have severe arthritis in it. We de-bridled my AC joint. He de-bridled the rotator cuff and labroom like pathology that we had going on. We did a catch-ular release and then a manipulation under anesthesia, which for those of you that don't know the manipulation under anesthesia is basically exactly like a sound. They just force your shoulder way past this where it's comfortable while you're under anesthesia to try and break up scar tissue and adhesion. So I imagine the little 155 found Doctor who was like 65 years old that performed the procedure like just like talking like, RKL, my shoulder is something you're about creating room all the way. Yeah. So it was basically everything that we could do without anchoring or repairing the late room and rotator cuff. Because as I'm sure y'all know, that turns my 8 to 12 week recovery into a 6 to 8 month recovery. So I want to wait that. Especially knowing how trash the shoulder was, because, you know, my initial concept with the guys, the guy who does all the Texans and Astro shoulders here in Houston, you know, I go, I said, this MRI to 100 orthopedic surgeons and didn't tell them your age. All 100 was said you need a shoulder replacement right now. But your 33 years old, so we're going to find the way to put that off. Rick. I was going to interrupt earlier and say for anybody who doesn't know Hunter, he is not 80 based on the breakdown what you were getting done. Yeah. And then is nice and as advanced as our medicine system has become these days, it's still having an invent and a shoulder replacing the mechanical bodybuilding training. So whenever I have to have that done, competitive bodybuilding done, so we're putting that off for a little while. I love that you deal with a doc who works with athletes because like you said, it's such a different thing. I think you have to deal with them because you know, a lot of doctors, you know, they're like a general GP, like more surgeon might be like, oh yeah, you think you know, stop doing the things that bother you're doing. You need to stop doing things overhead or you know, maybe back off your training a little and it's like, yeah, yeah, this isn't my pickle ball after work. This is my life, even. You know, so working with doctors that you know, dealt with athletes and then, you know, just importantly is that I found is working with rehab and tissue guys that are working with bodybuilders as a big thing because even grade sports physias, you know, that are good with like football players or, you know, basketball guys or even strength sports. It's very different having the amount of size and tissue that we have, you know, the lack of joint space that we have, especially in the shoulders. Yeah, it's pretty wild. They first surgery ever got when I was a kid. I went just a regular doc, he did a scope on my knee and I saw him two days later and I said, what's the recovery? He said, just go how you feel. I was like, all right, cool. And I had to call him the next day. I said, hey, my knee is swallowed up like three times a side and it's bleeding down my leg. He's like, what did you do? I said, I went for a hike with two hot girls and he was like, why would you do that? I said to two hot girls. You said do what I felt and I felt like going on a hike with two hot girls and said, let's go for a hike. So, yeah, after that you start dealing with doctors or like, you're an idiot. I slow you down. Yeah, this surgeon that did this one was the same one that did my original procedure five years ago. So he's a little well-versed with me now. He's like he's like, normally I tell people six to eight weeks for this, but we're going to tell you eight to 12. And lean towards 12. That's awesome. You, you, you, you, you, you sort of talked about like a little bit of, you know, you're a little fried on bodybuilding too mentally from just like, you know, pounding and pounding and pounding. So what's the mental break been like? Like, you know, you got the physical stuff taking care of the body, the TRT for this many months. You're going to be fresh. You're going to be like a baby hunter. Yeah. You're going to have that your baby receptors back. It's a little bit exciting. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to be like, you're around like 300 bags of tests and it just explode. But I'm, I'm wondering what the mental side was. How do you feel you sort of, you know, the break and mental recovery too? Because bodybuilding, we know this, this bodybuilding bubble we live in, it's a lot. It's a lot of constant pressure on especially you as a top pro, though. Look your best and be your best and train in your hardest and max out everything and take advantage. You said every single variable all the time. What have been the highlights to you and what do you think you've, how do you think you've grown and what have you learned from this break? Well, I think the highlight to me is being able to say that the mental growth and recovery has outpaste the physical growth and recovery, which says something because I wasn't so much pain before I had the shoulder fix. I didn't know if I was going to want a bodybuilding more. So it's be able to say that's very cool to me. You know, it's, you know, finally spent the time instead of, you know, having had buried in the sand and going, all of the all this then or I'll deal with this later, you know, no, I, I dealt with everything and, you know, created bodybuilding, you know, started to recreate at least I'm still in the process of it. But started to recreate bodybuilding into something that I feel is sustainable for me. You know, dusty. I know you can, I know you can relate to this, but, you know, I got in the bodybuilding training on a hardcore progressive overload style. If I didn't walk in the gym and lift the same weight for another rep or put five more pounds on the bar and lift it for the same reps this last week. I was a fucking failure. Yeah. And, you know, that worked really great for three or four years, you know, through my amateur career and into my pro career. But, you know, when I got to the point where it's like I'm anxious for like two and three days leading into a like session because I need to hack 12 plates for a set of 12 over, you know, do this or that and then, you know, getting out of bed in the morning is like a 10 minute, you know, activity to, you know, finally get all the aches and pains to stop and get through all the musical bone pops that come for the first couple steps of the day. You know, it's like, I very much, so I think I got to the point where I was in so much, you know, pain with the daily routine that it was like, I could get myself through it, but it was one of those things, you know, like you open up your eyes and the first thing I'm, I open up my eyes now and the first thing on my mind, you know, is like, thank you or okay, here we go to good day to have a good day and I'm not trying to sound like Mr. Fucking Rodgers, but that's just how it is for beer right now. Right. You know, like last year, it was one of those things like I'd open up my eyes and go, here we flushing go again. You know, because it's like obviously like I have all the normal aches and pains from training the way that I do, you know, my shoulder at that point is like literally falling apart and the most painful thing for my shoulder, both before I had it fixed, the end now is I rehab it, is overhead pressing and posing. So what are you doing in prep? You are posing two or three times a day, multiple rounds. So it's kind of one of those things that you had opened up my eyes every single day for six months straight last year going, okay, let's get out of bed, let's go be in pain for 10 minutes, and then let's go ahead do 45 minutes of cardio, and then let's come meet half the amount of food you want to eat, and then, you know, let's go get your shoulder busted up by the PT, so you're able to get it over your head today while you train. And the whole session's going to suck. You know, it's just the whole day, it's just like one of like one thing after another, it's like, okay, here we go. Like I was very much so, and this is the best way that I've come down to being able to describe it is I was getting everything done on discipline. Right. I was getting nothing done because I wanted to do it, I was getting nothing done because I was having fun doing it, I was getting everything done on the discipline that I built over the last 10 years of doing what we did. Yeah. And that's not the reason that you started, you know what I mean? It's like you didn't get that wasn't the way bodybuilding, and I can I think we can probably all relate to that to, you know, in our own ways. Let me ask you because I remember seeing you turn pro, if Hunter of today could go back to that guy and just pull him aside backstage after he won his pro card, what would be the advice that you would give to him? Bye Bitcoin. So, lots of things. I spend a lot of time thinking about this year, you know, like what would I tell a young Hunter what would I want to tell a young bodybuilder? And it's going to sound a little like cliche and cheesy when I first say it, but when I extrapolate on it, hopefully it makes a lot more sense. And that is to fall in love with the journey, not the result. And I'll, you know, get specific about it now. When I was coming up as an amateur, I'll put it this way. So I never lost as an amateur. I won every single show, both my class and the overalls of an amateur. All the way through national I won national. I won my pro debut at Tampa. My first Olympia, my goal was to make top 10. I placed eight. My next Olympia, the goal was to place top eight. I placed fourth. Yep. You know, so, and then that following year, you know, that the following year is Olympia when I slipped from fourth to seventh was the first time in my, you know, seven for your seven year career that I hadn't either one or right, so it's technically your very first like, listen, that's that's third Olympia of mine was like the first loss I had taken in my life. Wow. You know, so I was human to take in many you're not think that was a good thing for me, because up until that point, I had fallen in love with winning. Of course. And you know, following him up with winning side, winning is fucking awesome. But you know, it's like, when I got that seventh place, when I fell to that seventh place, you know, I mentally crumbled for a little while because of it. You know, it was like, I was okay. I'm like, cut out to do this. You know, it's like, all of that self doubt and, you know, all those things that you normally experience way earlier in your career and learn to work through, you know, not in the spotlight. You know, I was learning to work through all these mental challenges, you know, being one of the top eight guys in the world and getting like, you know, just like my buttful stretch by the internet after that Olympia. You know, so it was a steep learning experience, but you know, it's like, it's like a time's gone on and, you know, I've taken my nonsense and, you know, I got to close second to anger, it takes us pro a couple of years to go. That was a good job. That was very done to me. I had myself in fifth to be Olympia this year. I got six, you know, it's, I've taken some else since then, and each one's been a lot easier to take and to rebound back from because I fall in love more at the journey of the prep than, you know, the end result because, you know, at the end of the day, you never know who's been a show up to show, you know, at my level, you know, who's been a show up, but, you know, especially at the amateur level and, you know, the pro qualifying level, it's like, you have no fucking clue if an extra on your home when it's going to show up to your profileifier. You know, it's going to be so attached to your contest playsings, you know, it makes, it makes the sport really miserable. If you attach your happiness to your contest playsings, I will say you're going to set yourself up for misery. It's one of the biggest lessons I've learned in my career this far. It's funny because that's that's something I think all of us would tell younger versions and no one listens. It's like, you know, I mean, how do you tell that a 23 year old kid that wants to be a pro to not get attached to his playsings? Like, it's just, you know, it's not, you're not going to happen. It's something you have to learn. How do you tell me, as, you know, like a young pro, like, you know, like, hey, man, you might want to, like, back off how you're training a little bit this sport to about like, yeah, but you do. And I was like, no, my feedback because you'll in P. last year was put more tissue on. So I'm going to do anything I fucking need to do that. I don't care if you have to say. Right. You don't know anything. What do you, what do you know? You've just been doing this 10 years longer than me. Right. You know, I have a question before we get to far away from it. With the changes in the personal life that you've had since you've been down, how are you going to, or how do you think you're going to balance the two things in harmony so that you can be more, I'll say, present in other areas. And do you also think, and I have a tweak on this from Jose Raymond, but you also think that by being more present in those areas that bodybuilding will be more fun? Yes, I do. And I've already started to experience that, you know, so, you know, I can't put a time frame on it, but it's been somewhat recently, you know, like going to the gym doesn't feel like working more, you know, because A, I'm recovering from my shoulder surgery because, you know, like, for the longest time, I associated a gym with pain. Right. You know, I really think that became like a subconscious thing for me. You know, it's like, I wasn't like dwelling on the fact that, okay, this is going to hurt again. I should training hurts, but I think subconsciously with the amount of pain that I was in consistently, for like the length of time, I think I began like mentally associating it with a negative thing. Right. So, you know, that have that kind of in the rear view and to have like the excitement of, you know, not making a comeback, but, you know, coming back from a surgery and, you know, getting to see my body come back to life and everything, you know, that's made the gym really exciting again. What about the people in your in your life, like, who has been, you know, like, really telling you, you know, I know how it is as a bodybuilder, not at your level, but sometimes you do stuff like, you'll tell, you know, I'll tell my wife like, you know, I'm not going to train shoulders for a couple of weeks. She's like, thank you. I've been waiting for you to do this for like two months, right? So, like, because you know, you'd be complaining for two months, like, oh my shoulder hurts, you know, and, and then that you finally take the break. So, was there anyone like when you took this break and you, you've, you've, you've, who is a most like, oh, this is exactly what you need and just there to support you the most? My mom, my dad and my training partner. You know, because, you know, obviously my dad, the gym that I train at, the LeBrona gym is actually in, you know, at our corporate headquarters. So, we have, you know, all of the, like, we have another warehouse. What we have, the main warehouse, all of the officers and the gym at one spot. You know, it's like, I'll see my dad just about every single day when I'm training, half the time, he'll change out and come be out at the gym at the same time that we're training. So, you know, like, for two or three years, you know, he saw it pretty much every single day, just like, how, you know, I'm just going to call the how fucked off I was from bodybuilding, you know, and it definitely was wearing on him, you know, be like one of those things, you know, at the same way you're right for on, you know, my dad, you know, obviously he knows what he's talking about, but you're never a prophet in your own land, right? Right. You're never a prophet in your own land. So, you know, I just, I just, I just, for the long time thought I was doing what it took, you know, and at this point, you know, especially after taking these last 10 months off and retaining the size that I have without even really trying, you know, I'm telling everyone out there listening to this. There is more than one way to skim the cat. Yes. You know, there might be like me best way to skim the cat, but if that best way is causing this like tie rate of like negative effects outside of bodybuilding, is it really the best way? Yeah. Yeah. So, to tell us then, like, what are you figuring out, and I know it's early, but it's interesting because I think all, a lot of us, we're really, there's been this big push with progressive overload, with everything that you were talking about, but I feel like I'm seeing this evolution within the community now of, you know, ways to get around it. Like I'm watching Nick Walker talk about, well, I don't always go to super hard failure, and I'm hearing, you know, a lot of different variety that maybe is kind of getting beyond just the another rap or another five pounds. I'm so glad you, I'm so glad you brought that up. So, yeah, what do you figure out, man? I want to say it like this, and that is, I think bodybuilding, if you're going to take it, you know, the distance, I, you know, start as an amateur and make it all the way to like the high-level pro, whether it be, you know, like truly, you know, Olympia competitive or, you know, able to win a pro show. There are different phases of your career, different phases of the training that you'll go through. You know, the way that Nick trained, like we talked about, is the same way that I trained for the long this time. Like we were progressive overload throwing around, obnoxious amounts of weight, like, whole nine yards, and you know what? It built our base. You know, it built me up to a certain size. It built, you know, the proficiency with the movements, it built everything up to a certain point. But, you know, if not speaking for him, although I've talked enough to, I know this is kind of for him too, but you know, it's like, I got to the point where I got so strong that I was, you know, regularly pinging things, trying to continually progress it. You know, it's like, if I'm, you know, not like tearing anything, but, you know, if I'm straining my quad, you know, bad enough towards, like, I got a skip, my next leg session. And then the following one needs to be like a 50% and then the one after that needs to be, you know, is almost back to normal. You know, it's like, I spent a month training suboptimally when you know, it's like, could I have accomplished the same thing that I strained my quad with the six plates with it? If I would have put, you know, four and a half or five on and just slowed it down and done another couple of reps with it? Yeah, probably. You know, so I'm not going to say I hadn't eaten go in it, but I definitely had it stuck in my head that, you know, progressive overload was the only way to grow. And I think, you know, I started to get away from that idea last year, just because like my body simply couldn't do it, especially with the shoulder. But, you know, coming into this year, you know, I am healing up to the point where I could do that again if I wanted to, but after training, you know, with that intensity backed off just a little bit, you know, I feel like it's made a world of difference. Now, I go back to saying there's different phases and, you know, I think Nick said something along lines of this too, you know, it's like, for 10 years, I trained every single work in set to failure or past failure with four strips. I became very, very, very, very, very familiar with what true failure felt like. And I don't think a lot of people know what that true failure feels like. I agree. You know, especially, you know, just going anecdotally off of me training with guys over show weekends or, you know, I got guests come through the gym, you know, especially on legs, you know, it's like, that's not over when it starts hurting, so that's over when the muscle's done. Yeah. You know, a lot of people don't have that concept really ingrained in their head yet. So I do feel like that a lot of benefit comes out of training that way, but I do feel like, you know, it's just, it's a journey that you have to learn to adapt to, you know, what worked when you started and what worked to put on your size is, you know, probably not going to be sustainable or probably not even what's best, even if you could as you get later in your career. You know, it's like, I don't need to be bigger all over. I need to be bigger in certain spots and I need to get myself peeled and to get myself peeled. I need to have my systemic inflammation at a manageable rate. And, you know, if I'm starting a prep after spending the last six months banging as much food and gear into my body as possible, training every session, you know, to the point where I feel like I'm going to start prepping a bed. Yeah. It took me a while to realize that, but I realize it didn't know. Do you think, um, because I really like you keep throwing in the periods of training, I feel like that's an area that gets missed in both directions. You got the guys who like you were stuck and continuing to train in a way you no longer needed to. And on the other of this spectrum, you got young guys watching guys that are late in their career who used to do all that stuff. And they're saying, oh, well, you know, so-and-so just kind of pumps his chest. Yeah. So that's what I'm going to do as a beginner. And I feel like that point that you made is so important because I agree with you. I think that the progressive overload laid your foundation and created what you have. I will die on this Hill. If you're, if you have a healthy body, like no injuries keeping you from doing it, I firmly believe you should be spending the first five to seven years year for your training on a trip aggressive overload style. There it is. Yeah. I love that. I get the soundmill. Some bite for the show right there. Yeah, that's the, that's all we need. It was good talking to you on your see later. No, I love that though because I feel like that's an area that gets thrown off, you know, because people will see like I haven't trained to ridiculous failure. And I can't remember how long. And like you said, you know, you'll go to something that casually rolling five, please. Right. To this day. But the, uh, I think it's funny though because what you said it really hit was how easily you're holding that mass. Like you're starting to realize like for you to shrink when you decide you're done is going to be a bigger chore than it was putting the size on. You know what I mean? It's, it's mind by that. I've first after the last like 10 to 11 months, I 100% firmly believe that. Yeah. You like the January whenever I was like, okay, like, I don't know what I'm doing with myself. I don't know what I want to do. You know, I was eating four times a day, you know, like whatever. I was all right, you know, you'll probably get down to like, you know, 255, 262 by like March or April. I'm trying to figure it out from there. Yeah. Yeah. You, you, you touched 289 one day and back up to 292. Yeah, that's freaking wild. I love this because I actually didn't hear your full story. I kind of watched your video review kind of explaining and I'm just amped because I feel like so I used to when I was with I force Jose and I did a lot of traveling together and obviously was nowhere near his level. Never could be never would be, but he taught me on the road how to relax because we'd be going out to eat and I'm like, I got my food in the hotel and he's like, no, there's food here and I'd like so I'd be fine. I put it in an order and he's like throwing an order of French fries for him. Now I'm looking at him like, what? He's like, we are on our feet all day. Trust me. So I started letting him order for me when we'd go out and I'd come home and I'd be like down a pound after two week trip. He's like, you'd have been down seven pounds if you'd have done what you were doing. And I just learned that relaxing and enjoying a little bit made me a better bodybuilder. I actually got better as soon as I stopped being, you know, I was the guy that brought the scale with me to the hotel room and waited out in grams. You know, again, I feel like that goes back to what we were talking about. You know, it's like when you first get started, I wouldn't even call it like you're being neurotic about it. You're just really learning how to be on top of all these things. You know, like when you first start, like it's hard to remember to wake up, do your gut drink, tell your health supplements, you know, do your vacuums, you know, do your cardio if you have your cardio, like have your meals ready to go, you know, there's a lot of shit to check off the list whenever you're first getting started. If you're wanting to do this, you know, at a certain level. But you know, after you do it for five, six, seven years, like it's not that hard. Yeah. It's not that hard. It's not something that you need to be that neurotic about. Like, yes, you have to prepare. But you've been doing it for like five, six, seven, eight years now. Like it should be relatively easy to prepare. So I couldn't agree more with saying, you know, like the longer I've done it and the more that I've realized, you know, it's like, okay, you know, it's like, yeah, it fits down until two o'clock in the morning to eat this meal, or I could get an extra three hours of sleep and just get up on time tomorrow and get all the food into Mario. You know, it's like, yeah. A couple of a couple years ago, I would've been sitting in an alarm at two o'clock in the morning and been in my kitchen, you know, troping food down and you know, messing my digestion up and waking up with an upset stomach, the next morning and that, like messing up my whole day. Now I get next to three hours of sleep and feel better the next day for it. Yeah. Yeah. I've always felt it. I don't know who said it to me, but I've always felt that sleep trumped food because I always thought, you know, I have killer workouts prepping for shows on barely any food as long as I have sleep. Right? Like, if you're getting good sleep, you can die at hard and self-great workouts. So I always was not convinced by the idea of like one meal being more important than like a good night's sleep for tomorrow's workout. You know, like, if I get a good night's sleep, tomorrow's workout is definitely going to be awesome. But if I get that extra meal in and then a shitty sleep, I'm not so convinced. So I don't know. That's just how I always felt. I always felt sleep was more important than asking. Well, me. Oh, degree with that. Want to talk about we got some training stuff, didn't we? We had some training stuff and also too. Oh, yeah. We wanted to get your perspective on the 2025 season and, you know, everything that's going on we're closing in. When I just started the earth or just got his placing it, you know, he's got his take. Yeah, but you think there's so much to talk about. We want your perspectives on all that. Because you, you know all these guys. That's one of the things we're excited about. Because you know, you don't just know them like hires, but you're like, you know all these guys, right? So, yeah, that's where you're going to start. Yeah, when you look, when they get you're going to start. Yeah, I think it went right to his quads. I think it went right to his quads. So what's your take on on that? Are you surprised? So I won't be the first one to say that I did not have some winning because I didn't think he was going to, because I feel like the body parts that were severely limited and said, you know, like, with how hard he was keeping himself under that cap, his weak body parts were like really weak in my opinion and his weak body parts being his arms. And, you know, in open body building, you know, you don't have free CRM's here and do well. So in my mind, I was like, okay, he'll probably place, you know, like, top five and then, you know, spend the next year bringing his weak body parts up and then he'll be a force to be reckoned with next year. Nope. How old that damn food went through his arms and legs? I was never going to see how it went. Look like he was just shrinking his limbs to make classic. Yeah. Honestly, man, the one of the most interesting things that came out of earth winning this weekend was, you know, like the sentiments and I've seen a couple different people posted it. I know, uh, you know, Terrence Ruffham posted it. I know I think I saw a couple other people say, but you know, it's like, how many people talk about like 90s body building being like the golden standard and how today's like open guys like aren't as aesthetic and it's like, well, you know, maybe all of those freaks, yes, that it guys have been holding themselves back in class for the last couple years. Oh, they have been. Yeah. I hope because like off the top of my head, you know, earth's proof from the pudding. He just wanted to open show. Yeah. You know, Ramon Ramon Dino looks like an open body builder for like six or seven months out of the year and then somehow miraculously makes way it every year. Yeah. So there's a couple guys like Mike Mike's incredible like all of yeah. So I don't know. And I don't know, Mike or Ramon, enough to know how bad they're holding themselves back. But you know, like, hers. I know well enough to know like he was 35 pounds over his cap with gluten and pretty much right. You know, I said it a bunch of times I saw earths in the offseason in Toronto one year and he had shorts on. So I couldn't see him, but I could see his caps and I was like fuck how the fuck heavy is he like he looked and I guess he was like 280. Okay, I said hi to him. I mean, I can't imagine Jim back in February. He was every bed of like 275 to it. Yeah. And I was just I was like talking to him. I'm like, Tron. I was like, man, this guy's going to start dieting now. Like yeah. I'm a lot of old loose months of brutal dieting to be 220 or whatever he has to wait. I just so yeah. It's one of the outside of earths this season. I feel like it's been pretty damn exciting man. I feel like it's been a great year. I feel like we're starting to get a glimpse of some of the like the up and cumbers that are going to be here for a while. You know Jordan Patrinson, you know really delivered a Texas and a Tampa. That was really fun to watch. He's a good friend of mine. Yeah, I was going to ask you see him often because you guys are both down there in Texas. Yeah. So Jordan and Justin and Alia and all those guys all the gas boys, they all live up in Dallas. They all live pretty close to destination Dallas now and then I'll pop up there at least once or twice a month and you know fulfill my obligations that I have with gas and then catch a lift, eat some food with them and they're dieting and everything. We got a good thing going in Texas right now, man. Yeah, you do. It's definitely a really California now. Yeah, right. Right. Martin, Martin, both live 30 minutes from me. You know every single day out my gym, it's me and Terence and Logan and you know we got we got a good crew in Texas. Absolutely. I wanted to ask you, I saw some news this morning that I actually didn't even discuss it with these guys. I assumed everyone's heard, but I saw that Keyons doing the Prague open. Oh, you're kidding me. Is it me, too? Yeah, last year it was Chris this year. It's Keyons. Oh, that's crap. It was for everyone that's doing that show. Yeah. It was for everyone. It part of me, part of me, what right when I heard it, I was like, damn, I wonder if no one's going to go just to it on a risk being knocked off by Keyon. Yeah, part of anything. It'll be stacked and then part of me thinks I could be key on them to solve a European guys that we're planning and doing it regardless. But right everyone's saving your orchard. You said they don't want to get caught slipped until you see. I can't, I mean, he is one of the few though, where at the 212 cutoff, I wish that they'd let him just hop into the Olympia. Because I really think at his with his structure, I mean seeing him in person and posing, you're like, it's impossible that you're not too bored. I personally think Keyons is a best bodybuilder on the planet. I really do. Really. He's incredible. And you're a guy who, do you see him? Like, I know he was in Texas, freezes. Don't Texas. Yeah, he's a good in Texas for a while. So I'd see him. Yeah, he really, he's not with gas. But anymore, so I don't see him as much, but you know, like, I'll see him when I go to Vegas, which is often enough. Yeah, because he moved. Right. Where is he now? I can't remember. We have him on this. He's a big ass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they got a great thing going on. They're he's completely locked in your, um, so it's been really fun to see the progress he's made. Because I feel like that was the missing piece for me. You know, just finding that right environment and finding that right through a people and, you know, proofs and the pudding, what he's done the last three years. Well, he learned how to do leg curls. He, he was on our show and he said, oh, yeah, I turned pro. I'd never done a lying leg curl before. Like, I was in doing it. I said, I need to bring my hands up. But we're like, well, what would you do? He's like, well, I started training them directly, you know? Yeah, he said that. He's like, yeah, I started like, doing hands, you know, like, we're in training. Usually, he has the crazy spostier, you're chained in the ice. He can just say that. Yeah. Yeah. That completely nuts. I didn't hear that. I was that wrong. That's, uh, glad I'm not a guy that was going to win that show. Okay. Second place is still good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what, what, what are, what are, uh, some other matchups you're, you're looking for at the Olympia? Like, you know, we've got some interesting guys. Obviously Jordan's going to be there and all that stuff. So, you know, that show, talked about him going to be fun to watch. You think it's going to be shaken up? You know, sometimes the old doesn't get that. You should just see what happens like one through five because I feel like that's a complete toss up this year. Yep. And also really it's just to see what happens like five through 10 or 11. You know, to that feel like there's 10 guys that could be in those five or six spots. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. It's going to be been a long time since we've had an Olympia that's really going to come down to like who peeps the best and, you know, who did the who get their homework. You know, there's no clear cut like, you know, first group sector. There's a clear cut first group second group of guys, but within those groups, there's no like clear test favorites. Yeah. And then you still run that, you still run that possibility of one of the clear cut second group guys just forcing his way into the first group. You know, like, well, like how we, you know, no one really saw Martin doing what he did last year. Everyone thought he was going to be awesome. He's going to be awesome. He's going to be in the top 10 and then he's not the top five. Right. And also, if someone does that, who do you think it's going to be? If someone does that, I would say it's probably going to be their Brett or Jordan. If I had to pick some rights. Right. You know, I feel like, you know, those are true guys. They could, you know, really, really push into like that top eight or even you know, like seven spot. And I feel like they did a fall to, you know, like, maybe even 11312. If they don't Kim and on, you know, that being said, both of those guys have a history of coming in very on for their shows. So I'm really excited to see what they do. And they're both good friends. So I, I know, I said, like everyone's a good friend, but, you know, it's like, open to good group of guys. So it's like, it's going to be very bitter, sweet, but also very exciting to be watching from from the seats this year. Oh, yeah. I think they're a little scary. And just standing next to each other, like, I would love to see those guys compare just because, you know, how it is. I mean, they're great individually, but I just love to see them next to each other because if somebody said, who's better to me right now? I'm like, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Like, can you put them next to each other and give me, you know, 10 rounds to make a decision? Yeah, I would, I would give Brett the award of, like, more likely to be the dark horse personally because I feel like people are people are watching Jordan now. We're going to like, we're going to see how he does. In Jordan's Jordan's coming off, you know, fresh off a two wins with him the last eight weeks or nine weeks. But it's time for us to come around and get a Brett qualified last year and, you know, bodybuilding fans and their, uh, their memories. Exactly. Like, he makes flash while ago, right? Yeah, it's been a little while. So you can surprise him. You'll last year, I'm retired. Right, right. Yeah. So it's, it's a, it's a wild thing, but that's very true because you do. It's fresh because in my head, I think you just nailed it even for me as I'm like, my brain kicks back and says that I would assume Jordan is better, but I'm thinking of Brett from a year ago, right? It's been Brett for you. And I'm sure he's done a thing or two in the last year. I mean, the last year, you got to think last year and move to Texas and him and Mark, and then just fucking heating weights together every day for a year straight. Yeah. Yeah. But you're going to be a lot better. Do you feel like that's something? And it's funny. We've talked about this on the show, but I think a missing link for a lot of people is, like you said, the environment or the training partners, like I always had training partners that were just as insane as I was who also operated on my schedule, like they would literally be like, what time are we training? And it would be whenever I wanted. And that's just game changing. I'll say this after having some really great training partners over the years too. I think the single greatest tool that you're going to have on your training is a training partner. Because a good training partner will get the best out of you a good training partner makes, you know, equipment with an okay resistance profile great because they can spot it in the areas and they'd just spot it in, you know, especially once you develop a rapport in a history with one, there are people that can call you on your bullshit, you know, you did that fucking ten times last week, right? Yeah. And you know, so it's like that. And then I'm sure you've had this desk. Yeah, I've had a couple training partners that were close enough in strains that were basically just trying to fucking kill each other in the gym every day. Oh, yeah. I did my best. I've been some of my best progress that made in my career, you know. So I feel like a good training partner is an absolutely invaluable tool. Yeah, I feel like one of the coolest things when you get a great training partner is at the end of a set when you're thinking like three more and they say five. And you know that they know you. So that's not like a bold, ridiculous statement. You're just like, okay, it's five. You know, whereas on the contrary, like I had a guy that I trained with one time that I literally trained with him twice, then I told me couldn't come back anymore. Because I'd be like squeaking out a wrap and he'd go six more. And I'm like, my brain will like shut off. I'm like, are you high? Are you fucking stupid? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't help me that you want me to get 30 more reps when I'm like dying, you know. So literally like I just like, this won't work. You know, because it's fine if they, you know, if they're close, if they're pushed you for one more, but when I get to ridiculous, you're like, it's almost like you shut off, you know, you dumb. So you get to know it or it gets you hurt one of the people. Yeah, exactly. So no, I agree. I think of that's, and I love seeing it because you watch, I mean, seeing Jordan moved to Texas, that changed his career. Yeah. Him and Justin getting together up there and it's game changing for sure. Absolutely. Hey, what did you think we never talked about this on the show either, but that apparent Samsung just made. I think that he was flat is piss and showing the world that he is really pushing for conditioning. That's exactly what I thought. When I saw it, I thought he looked smaller, but he's dieting hard, but I thought he was super lean. I think I think, and this is just me talking, you know, Samsung keeps his cam pretty close. He's a great guy, but he keeps to his people, what you should at his level. But I think he's very much so realized he's going to live and die by his conditioning this year, and he's trying to leave that to chance. And when I say, when I say smaller, I don't actually mean smaller. I just mean like I could tell him he's like the funny thing. He's flat. So in the way 300 pounds on stage. Yeah, I can tell the woman him. I think he's I think he is. I think he is going to be, I don't know, I just, I think Samsung is going to be the best Samsung we've ever seen. That's not. If you guys are right, if he comes in, like absolutely lights out peeled, I don't know if he can be beat, you know, I'll be completely honest with that shape and already being the champ. Like that's going to be a really dangerous place to be. I think Samsung, one of the, one of the most impactful things about him and one of the reasons why he's Mr. Olympia is because like, I see no use to say to me, like, it's really hard to get around a guy who looks like the champ in the front relaxed. Like when your front relaxed is clearly the best, like just aesthetically mask everything, just the way he flows and looks, it's so hard that you got to, you know, you got to make up all this ground right off first impression. And Samsung's front relaxed, I just love his front relaxed, man. It's crazy and, you know, it's how everything falls in the right spot. You know, he doesn't stand too wide. He doesn't even, he's natural looking like he's just like legs for arms. Yeah. Yeah, he's a tape is crazy. He's huge. He's taller than everyone. It's like, you know, it's just that overwhelming front relaxed. Like, like, at the routines on the Olympia night show, when you see their silhouettes before they come out. It's like that was made for Samsung, you know what I mean? Samsung or Andrew Man, Andrew's front. Yeah, another. He's out of a little too wacky. Yeah, absolutely wacky. Yeah. What's the craziest thing? You know, you've done the Olympia a couple times, man. You've done very well at that level. What's I know we've all seen freaky stuff. Like, I saw Dorian, guess pose in 93 when I was just young and like, you were still a sick of yourself. I was one year old. Oh, you were a one year old. That's the eight. So yeah, you didn't have the back door and had back then. But like, you know, you never forget those things. But is there anything at the at the Olympia level that you saw backstage or or on stage where you were like, I had one good two story for this with everyone, anyone that asked, like, people asked this question, friend, regularly. My, uh, welcome to the Olympia moment was my rookie Olympia. And I was in a pro tan 10 getting a coat of tan put out. And you got eight right? What was your first? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, you know, get the tan put on your glaze put on, you know, it's it's either bends away for a list of doing this. Like, they're really good friends of mine. I'm like, bye. I've been having a good time. I'm at my first to let you know. I come out of the tent and fucking ramen is sitting there just with his legs locked and like bent over getting the glaze put on his back and hamstrings and it looked like a fucking kitchen table sitting in front of me. And he just like, oh, okay. Welcome to the zoo and I'm hoping that was my welcome to the Welcome to the Olympia moment. So, ramen. So what year was that man time flies? That was 2020. Oh shit. So that was the year that filled it as comeback and it was that's there. You got third. And yeah. Wow. Wow. It's so funny when you mention ramen. Yeah, because so it was a while ago. Talk about, you know, like, there's different levels to it. You know, the iron member being backstage at Tan because, yeah, I fucking belong here. I'm going to win the show. I remember getting back stage just the Olympia looking around and going, oh, boy. While the flying and winning, it's different. It's hard. It got, it got less far apart though as the years passed. Oh, yeah. After you took fourth at the Olympia, did, did, did you finally realize that I mean, because I mean, I've followed you or known of you before you got into bodybuilding because, you know, Bruce from, from working at LaBrada and he used to own my stores and he would just occasionally send me like pictures of you when you were like tinkering with weights. And I'm like, if he ever starts, it's going to be frightening. And then he would send me updates when you were natural and you did not look back. I remember you and your natural like, like, yeah, if you would have shown me your daddy picks on the member's share because I don't feel like arguing with idiots on the internet. Listen, listen, I would have been one of those idiots. Like, I saw those pictures. I'm like, now when you say natural, do you mean natural, do you mean like only test and try and any queue and ski, just to throw, sorry, did you, did you realize when you sort of do that jump that like that that winning at the highest level was absolutely in the cards? Or have you realized that yet? I will say that my rookie season actually, so was the 2020 year so co-videer whenever that all happened. And I was originally planning on doing the New York Pro for my pro debut. It's the saying show that Lee did for his pro debut in one and it was called the night of champions when he won. Oh yeah, and I was see buddy with a ring. Follow and that's footsteps, you know, get a ring, you know, do Steve show, never hurts and you know, all that stuff. Well, I started prepping February and that shows normally in May. It got pushed back and then it got pushed back and then it got pushed back. And I ended up competing in August at the Tampa Pro that year. But I vividly remember that you're thinking about how much of a blessing in disguise that was seeing the pictures because I got for the New York pro. I got to the point where I was probably like four weeks out before it got called. You know, it's like my glutes were pretty much in like I was lean lean and it gave me the ability to rebound out of that for a good, you know, 10 to 12 weeks and then come back down again and then actually rebound again because I got pushed again. And if you look at my pictures when I'm like at that four week out, Mark versus New York versus, you know, like the four week out, Mark from Tampa, you know, one was going to win a pro show and one wasn't going to win a pro show. Right. So it was that 2020 year, like really my first season is a pro that I really, you know, got my head wrapped around. Okay, you know, you are big enough. You do have the size you're able to get and get enough shape that you can, you know, win your pro debut. Because you know, it's like you have two camps of people, you know, have you have the, well, they're fucking win the thing. And then, you know, you have the other camp of, you know, hey, be realistic, you're competing a bunch of, but with a bunch of grown ass men have been doing this, you know, 15, 16 years. Because you know, at the time, my first season in 2020, I was 27 years old and I had competed in five shows total in my life. They did five shows the year before at the pro level. Yeah, exactly. You know, it's like I'm competing against guys of, you know, 30, 40 shows under their belts and stuff. So, you know, they're like two schools of thought headed into it, but you know, like after, you know, headed into Tampa, I thought I could win it. So that was like the first time that I really thought, you know, at the pro level that I could do well, you know, coming out of national, I had shoulder surgery. My first one in March after I won national. So, you know, all of 2019, you know, winning a pressure wasn't even on my mind. It was just okay, get back to what you looked like before the third. What did they do that time? What was that shoulder surgery? Same shoulder. So, first shoulder surgery was just a pretty big cleanup job like this one. And then we also tend to yeast my bicep. So, everything I have going on at this side of my body can be traced back to an injury that I got my freshman season of football. I got tackled from behind. It was in the slide. I played writing back. And, you know, caught the ball turned up field behind that you came from behind. We're at to me up. So, we both came down on my arm like that. And I actually broke my humorous up here and then dislocated the shoulder at the same time. And when I dislocated the shoulder, it blew out what's called your transverse humoral ligament, which is the ligament that holds the long head of your bicep and the bicep little groove. I moved by. So, for the next decade, that 10-lin-base, that who was riding in and out of that groove to the point where I don't just it literally almost rubbed itself in half. Because after, like, I got the MRI on it, headed into nationals and the doc was like, you need surgery, but you know, you can get through this print. You just don't know anything stupid. You know, we did the surgery and the first thing it said when I woke up was like, well, you know, the MRI didn't really present how bad it was. It was hanging on my thread. You got really lucky. And I was like, oh, okay. So, that's good. So, yeah, it was just a big clean of job and then I'd buy that 10-in-a-d-ease to step first storm. I got to ask you a few questions, you know, but I've told you this and many people know this, but your dad was the first pro I met. I've told you that story. He came to guess pose where I lived when I was like 15. And so I was like 15-year-old kids, he and your dad and the gym and pick and he doesn't look big and then he took a sweatshirt off and did a couple sets on his tank top. And he was like six weeks out from the O2 and I'll never forget the impact that happened. So, you mean you have the gym with parents right now? Yeah, he doesn't look big. He's like, he's closed off and you're like, what the fuck is that? Yeah, I'm starting to wrap your hair. Yeah, no, no, it was just it's a real vivid memory. Like, I remember, you know, the owner of the gym Sam were bringing Lea-Broad up and it's awesome. He's second place in the Olympian and then he comes up and he had just shaved his mustache. So we're like, oh, Lea-Broad. He's going with no mustache for this Olympia, right? But yeah, he was really awesome. It was a first pro I ever met. But I just wanted to ask you like, what is your dad's take on what you've done with your career to this point, even including the break, have any shoulder operated on? Obviously, I assume you've surpassed, you know, he never, he told me he never never pushed you to bodybuild once. You did it all on your own. But what's his take on, you know, where you've gotten in the break you've had and what you plan to do now? Yeah, so his take on, you know, originally, you know, going back to, you know, like getting out of high school. I was a pretty good football player growing up and got a football scholarship. To a T-T-School up in Boston and you know, he was really involved with, you know, taking me around to like the recruiting camps that I'd have to go to and this and that. So he's like very invested in my football and enjoy to watch me play football and then, you know, also it's been there done that with the bodybuilding thing. It knew it took to be good at bodybuilding. So I don't think anyone who necessarily pushed their child to that. So, you know, you know, coming out of high school going into my freshman season of football and college, you know, like I got up there and you know, when it wasn't Texas high school football with all my best friends and it was a 50 hour a week time commitment for, you know, the games to be smaller than my high school games and at that point, I knew I wanted the bodybuilding at that point. I'd also had three discussions of broken shoulder and a vision fracture to hit, you know, yeah, not a lot of shelf life on the average. I don't regret playing football football. No, the best memories of my life, but it's not if you get hurt as one and how bad and up until that point, I hadn't gotten hurt bad enough to where it would affect the bodybuilding. So, you know, I made the call during camp, my freshman year, that I had officially gotten to the point where I enjoyed training to play football and where the playing football and that I was done. So I actually called my dad and let him know and he was upset to the point where he was like, fine, and they're at home from the airport. Whenever I came home, wow. Yeah, so that's the degree to which he didn't approve of me saying I wanted the bodybuild, you set a football, that's the beginning, but um, you know, obviously, you know, I did it, you know, that freshman year I put on like a ton of size, like, you know, 200 pounds and like football shade, like lead lead to 100 pounds and like, you know, by the end of the year, I think I weighed like 235 and granted I was kind of, you know, I looked like I had an eating and all you can eat cafeteria plan and eating all the weights all year. Proper young man bodybuilding. You know, after he saw the size that I put on and you know, saw how you know, like locked in the I'll then am dedicating that I was to and he was like, okay, you know, I'll support this. You know, going into that 2018 year where I won junior USAs and then nationals, they'll probably tell you that was the year that he started looking at me going, okay, you know, he might be able to have a pro career, like a pro career, not like what I've done so far, but it was after that Tampa show in 2020 that he was trying to like, all right, man, you know, you got what it takes, you know, it was tough crowd. He never beat my ass man. I love it. I never never blew smoke at my ass and he'll be the first person to say that he did not think that I would even come close to doing what I've done so far. So that's why I love that. I like that. I'd like to think that I have some some realistic people in my corner. I don't get much smoke blown up my ass by my what do you think? I've taken like there's been pictures put up before like your side try stepping your dad's side try to suffer whatever like people, you know, what do you think you genetically are similar to him? Like what what what what body parts or what poses or what what things do you think you're like, oh, that's clearly from my dad. Our whole thing. Our arm shakes for free clearly similar. Okay. That's where the triceps pop and you said we try to shake the shoulder shape, the biceps shake, the split and the biceps. That's all pretty pretty similar. I feel like our back shape is pretty similar, but I feel like, you know, me growing up and competing in the area that I've error that I compete in versus his, you know, it's like I've just had to put more tissue on my face. I feel like well, the state similar. I feel like I have a lot more tissue on my back than he did. Yeah. But I feel like the biggest genetic difference between him and I and you're going to laugh is our glutes. He had no ass and I had that kind of mad son, me pretty sure. Yeah. He was never a big squatter in from the time that I was like 13 until probably 21 years old. I was in a squat or at least once a week. So I'm so thankful to really good base for my yeah, exactly. I feel like if Leela brought us your dad, your expectations on yourself for posing are automatically probably going to be a little bit higher than the average. It might be rolling over. It is great right now. I think it's about my posing. Yeah, does he really? Does he really? So that's one of the things you never really excited about this year because you know, to be honest with you, the reason why you know, I don't you know, at least making attempt to pose at the level that Leep posed at is for the last four years posing has been excruciating. Okay. Yeah. You know, it's not like, this is so much fun. I feel like an artist right now as I piece together, all of these beautiful streams of poses and this isn't that. It's like fighting for my fucking life going, okay, you know, get through two more rounds and then you can stop this because it feels like someone's shoving. What? What hurt the most like cranking like your arm back for me? So the interpretation for the front of the guy. So I had this shoulder surgery. I felt like someone was just shoving a knife in the front of my shoulder. Right. Yeah. So at what point like could you put you could put your arm like this and then like, ah, like, yeah, pretty much the second you started engaging. Yeah, pretty much here as far as I could go. In the top of the dictator, Kasia. How is it feeling now like are you are already getting like a lot of relief at this? Yeah. What's the range like? I would say probably by like seven or eight weeks post stop it had better range of motion and was less painful than it was before the operation. That's it. You know, in the past four weeks it's gotten like noticeably better to the point where it's like I can sit in the front of a pretty comfortably now. So, you know, all the doctors I've talked to all the physical therapists that I worked with all of them. This is going to continue to get better for you probably five or six months. So to know that I'm pretty optimistic about it. I think it'll be interesting to see how that impacts your training because anybody who who's delved into training and the way the body works understands that you've been able to build your back the way it is in spite of the fact that you're probably not moving through the right range of motion. You're moving through the motion you can. This is a scap, scap, scapular movement on that side was definitely a little bit more depth for sure. Yeah, and I think that that's a game changer because, you know, yes, you're completing a movement, but there's just certain things that can't be, you know, I mean your body's job is to avoid pain. Exactly. So when you're when you're doing something simple that hurts, if you're elbow slightly more forward on that left side out of protection, there's nothing you can kind of really do about it. You don't know, I mean, I think it'll be interesting to see how much more change you see in that case. Even like, even like, from a neurological standpoint, you know, like certain things are in pain or hurt long enough, your body will start neurologically protecting. Even though we're not going to have to let the body do it. And, you know, hold nine yards, it just kind of makes its way down. Like that whole arm, you know, it'd always be, you know, the 10 to night is in my form. And elbows were sent that side, you know, the wrists always bat on that side. You know, you get triggered thumb from time to time on that side. You know, it's like everything's just down the stream. You know, the same way it is when like, you know, you heard an ankle and then it makes it way up to your knee and then it makes it way too low or back. Yeah. I think it's going to be a wild thing, though, because your entire body should actually be impacted positively. I mean, the amount of, like, I mean, CNS that's getting hammered just being in pain all the time, your recovery is going to speed up. Actually, I have bad news. The good shoulder's going to be so good that now, but the other shoulder's going to completely go to shit. He's got 10 more years for that. I didn't know. You're kind enough. I'm kind of not wrong. I was, I was. I've noticed the other one hurts a little more. Right. Right. I, I, I, I, I tore my quad in 2016. My left quad had it fixed rehab was great. But now my right hip is completely screwed. And I know they're related. I know that the quad tear and maybe for two years after kind of favoring that side. I know that's why my hip is gone. So I'm just, hopefully everything just goes very well. And your body doesn't just chill through the other way. Just fall in love with stem cells. You'll be fine. Yeah. Yeah. No, man. It's going to be awesome. I'm going to encircle this way for five years. I'll just start. What? What overhead pressing machine is if you can only do one overhead pressing movement for the rest of your life. Free of pain. What, what do you want to pick? If it was free of pain? Yeah, again, you know, now that you're fixed, maybe you, there's a pressing. You can press. Is the prime shoulder press, but it still is very spicy. Basically, what I found like from my front delt compressing work. I either do like see this like table front raise like from here like to up there. So it's like almost just a band of like general raising as a press is, but it's very comfortable on the joint or, you know, actually just got a shoulder press delivered today that allows me to do it. But I'm saying that really wants me to have my elbows. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the out there. I'll trick and wing makes a big difference. Yeah. I got I can't I can't get my hands back like for like show. You know, it's from a true life like do I'm here. I always tell people this to like when they look at their trainings like not get so married to the exercises and get more married to the movement patterns. You know, like from a movement pattern perspective, a shoulder press is not really checking many boxes that you can't check by doing, you know, your in-fine presses for your chest, which I do and are comfortable. And then doing that front raise, you know, front raise motion. Okay. Yeah. Well, we'll wrap it up here. I just got a couple of quick ones for you. Who's the funniest pro? Who's the funniest pro? You got quite a crew in Texas here. I'm sure someone around there. So you all probably haven't heard of him with the new day trained with Roy Evans. He's he's absolutely hilarious. He's the new to I trained with in all my videos just to at every day, you know, some little bias to him. But you know, as far as pros and everyone knows, go man Andrews surprisingly, Woody and funny. You know, I know he's like pretty quiet like to the masses. Those guys are dangerous though when you get them get to know him. I got a lot of guys dangerous. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. What about, um, oh, Dan, I have one more here for you. Oh, yeah. Who's your favorite pro to follow on social media? He doesn't follow a pro bodybuilder. She thinks they're boring. Yeah. No, that's why one should stick out. Is there anyone who's getting? Who gives the best content? You know, honestly, man, I'm going to chat to Brett and Martin right now. They've been doing a really good job with other stuff. Like strictly from like a nuts and bolts bodybuilder. Yeah. You know, we just talked about that. They post the whole workout. You know, they're posting consistently. Right. Obviously they're both in prep. So it's like fun to see their check-ins and stuff. So I probably go with them right now. Yeah. Yeah. We just get a show. It feels like they've got like the best training partner like symbiosis going right now. Yeah. We just did a show on like who is the best pros that you would tell like a young guy to follow. Yeah. You know, follow these guys. Like you know, do what these guys are doing. You know, do this. What did you say? You said your generation had Dorian and Leeroy and then the next generation had branch Johnny and Brian. Yeah. Johnny and then now we've got those two. Those are the modern version. Yeah. Yeah. Every generation needs like a real quality hardcore pair of like duo. Yeah. Every generation needs a good duo. You know? So okay. Hunter man, great to talk to you again, dude. I remember meeting you. I think we first met at the Australian Arnold when you were working the booth with surgery. 2015. Yeah. Me and Serge. Yeah. And you were like, you were, were you still not in 2015? I think you might have been. But you were. Did my first show in 2016? Yeah. So you had started writing the bicycle by then. But I was like, so you were to me. Yeah. You weren't anywhere else on it. Yeah. Because you weren't, you weren't competing yet. I just knew you was Hunter. Oh, that's Leer's kid. Oh, awesome. Because I remember when you were a baby, right? And then I was like, oh, there's me. So I was 2015. I was for sure. Just Leer's kid. So yeah. Yeah. But I remember going over and meeting you and be like, I wanted to meet you. Yeah. Me and my dad did such a laugh out of it now. Because like obviously like when I first got started, it was always like, oh, that's Leer's kid. Oh, that's Leer's kid. Oh, that's Leer's kid. And now we get all that's Hunter's dad. Oh, yes. That's your bad. Oh, that must have been when that tilted. That must have felt good. I really enjoyed when I saw your dad last time. He's so easy to talk to. I don't expect him to remember me. Obviously, but I was just like chatting and I was and he goes, he asked me. I know John Meto's claimed it, but he definitely could be runner up and bodybuilding Mr. Rogers for sure. There you go. So I remember Leer said, uh, he like talked to me because he told you now and I said, and he was, oh, I still got you by quite a bit. And he goes, just wait, you're going to, everything's just going to start falling apart. I remember he jumped him as I tore my calf water skiing. And I was like, oh, I don't say that. Yeah. So there's no chance in hell who watches this. So I'll say it. Maybe someone will send him a little snippet and die me up. But this dude, the other day, he's trained his calf pulling something out of the oven. Oh, no. He's like, you got a little hotness and he was about to drop it. And did like a little hippity hop and it's trained the fiber and it's like, I know you're getting old, huh? Damn. Okay. Well, thanks Hunter. Thanks for everything. Thanks for your time. Really happy to hear from me. You sound fantastic. You can't wait to see what you got planned next. And, uh, yeah, you're always welcome back here, man. Yes. Thank you, everybody. Hunter LaBrada on the show. Is this second time? Second time. Second time. Great to have you back, man. Thank you, Hunter. Great to be back. Appreciate you all having me on this. Yeah, it's really better. Great to have Hunter on. We're going to talk to him again. You know, that was cool. He, every time I talked to Hunter, he's, um, he's so like, you know, some people take you just talk to them. Yeah. Hey, Ronald's going. What's up? You know, like he's very, very easy to talk to and sometimes I don't talk to him for two years. You know, like the Wolfpack booth was right next to us at the last year. So Hunter was there a bunch of the day didn't get to talk to him. Oh, give me a second. Let me hold on for one sec here. He's leaving. Yeah, let me do it in a little 30 second. We're doing our little end. It's just a quickie. Guys, this is what Ron does ever since he got famous. This was what does he have to put up with every time now, every never fails. And his age, he might be going to the bathroom. I don't know. I don't know. He just he could wait. He couldn't wait. I got to go. I mean, I've been setting him to Penza as house, but he's not. So, but no, it was great having Hunter on. I really hope that some of the, um, it's something I just got. I've been working with a lot of my competitors on is, is figuring out that if bodybuilding starts to take over their life, yeah, that they're doing it wrong. Um, and I know I was the same way. It was bodybuilding like it didn't matter what the other thing was. This had to happen. And I got better when I released that a little bit. And like he said, it, you know, Ron always says that it's it becomes background, you know, open, open files, uh, you know, and that is truly how it is, but you stay locked in that form of like I must. Yeah. Do you have a good point that like before you can get to that stage, Dosty, you do have to like lock it in. Yeah, you got to lock it in before you can like and do that long enough to start realizing like, and I don't want to use the term cutting corners, but you can learn where you where the corners can be cut versus there's that first several years where you're just like, I've got to do it at, you know, I'm supposed to eat this meal at one o'clock. I got to eat the meal at one o'clock. Yeah, not one or five. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And then you you get, you get used to it after while you figure it out. I'm sure you guys do this because I do it every day still, but like I make monster stakes. I still try to portion myself. And every time I'll cut the steak and be like, I bet you that's 10 ounces and just put it on there. And it'll be like within, you know, point two. Yeah. Like that's why when I go out and eat or something, if I'm keeping in, I am like, this is how much I can eat. You know what I mean? You've seen 10 ounces for 18 years on a plate. You kind of know what it looks like. I have tiny rice portions now, 150 grams. And I will do the same thing. I ball it every time and then turn the scale on and see. Did I get it? Yeah. 150 grams. So that's like three spoonfuls. Of course you can get it. Yeah. That's rough, Scott. If you don't hungry thinking about it, then you're taking 190 pounds. So they only need three to three spoonfuls. It's me and each me and each me and each me. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. So great episode, though, guys. And I am very excited to see. I love to have someone that's, you know, understands and can bring more insight to, uh, to guys like you said Scott because we tend it's something that you tell me all the time. She goes, you guys forget that you know these people. And so you talk about them in a way like, like, they do and she kind of reminds me all the time. She's like, you got to kick it down a little bit. You know, because even him is a Andrew, you know, and for those of us who don't know Andrew Jack by his first name on Lee, it's a great. Andrew Jack thing. The best bodybuilders in the world. You're having you're telling jokes with him in the middle of your workouts. That's not a normal thing for the rest of his. Exactly. Exactly. So great episode. And I'm excited to see. And I'm very curious on that Jordan slash Brett thing now. It's in my mind. Yeah. And I'm calling it right now. Right is my dark horse for the Olympia. I am putting my putting my put it on the line right now. Yeah. Oh, I see it. So let me say it. Yep. I think that's a very safe dark horse because he was not last year. And like you said, I haven't seen him in years. So I think it'll be, I would love to see him spring up there like Martin did. Yeah. That'd be awesome. I've got stories about him too, from guys who told me like, you know, John Meadows and Scott Stevenson trained with him before I knew who he was. And this is before he turned pro and that he was like outpacing both of them in legs back when they were strong. Like he, the first thing he told me, the first thing they told me was like, oh, Brett is incredibly strong. And you know, I saw him turn pro. He competed against one of my guys in classic at the kitchen. Your nationals, they both got their pro cards. He took, he got the overall though beat my guy. But he had to pair down so much to be in classic. I believe that was his first and only time doing the division. And they was like, now, scared us. I'm putting not like that. He just ate a steak, you know, and then he was. It opened five. On one on measured steak. He was the first guy to transition from classic to open run. Everyone's talking about earth. I'm like, dude, he did that years ago. Not get off. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. It's going to be sick to see. So this is the first Olympia guys in a long time that I'm actually like counting down. I cannot wait to see what everyone brings. And and and actually feeling like I don't know what's going to happen. Minus, I'm pretty sure that Samson's going to bring something scary. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I just expected. Yeah, especially after what you guys were just saying, I didn't see that guest posing. But if he's looking depleted, you know what I mean? I he looked great. It was like a real, but yeah, but just slightly flattery like, like, sucked in. Like he sucked in. Yeah. We don't have to worry about him being full enough around enough. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like he's going to have those things. And again, he was on stage by himself. So who knows if you put other guys beside him, you've been like, oh, he's still bigger. But the coin is for him. You're saying it. It was 24 and Sean. But the thing is what you're saying is it looks like he's he's pulling it in hard. And I think that gets me excited for him. What did that was six weeks out? Yeah. It's going to be scary because that was a week ago right, Ron? Did they think that was up? Yeah. So that's like five or six weeks out. I mean, it'll be interesting. So, but we'll see also I have feel I do feel like a lot of people have been a little more quiet on showing what they look like. So we might start on the surprise point. Yeah. It's exciting. I'm very excited. And you guys know, just I don't know if I said it on the show. Probably did. Emily and I get married Thursday before the Olympia. So I don't know if I actually said that on the show or not. You didn't know. But yeah. So we're a loping. We're doing it all by ourselves. All right. And we're just going to take all the money people spend on weddings and just invest it. I love that idea, man. That's basically what we did. You know, we had it was a little bit more than a a loping. We just had family in the yard, right? Yeah. Yeah. We were in a greenhouse. Yeah. It was like a historic greenhouse. But it was just literally we had six guests all together. And then we went off an awesome steak dinner afterwards. We were very motivated and inspired by Dusty's Dusty and Nikki spontaneous Vegas wedding. I still love how we went to meet you for that illusion of show. And we, we, you know, pull up in the lobby of the show. They got the tickets. We need the tickets to get in or wait in there. Dusty's down and there he's got our tickets. Walk up. Go, hey, great to see you guys because we didn't, you know, just happen to run into them. So, you know, hey, I was going, what'd you guys do today? Like, oh, we go married. Oh. And then they're like, you know, Nikki's at the show. Hey, that's a great night to be in. You know, and that's what it's about. I think that the opposite is like when you have 500 guests and you don't even get a chance to spend the time with the person you love because you're like trying to talk to somebody as Uncle or something that you hardly even know the whole time, you know. Yeah. So we're going to under $1,000. Yeah. And then that too. Yeah. That was like, it was awesome. We're, we're going out. We're going in an hour out of town to a place called Fire Valley, I think. Oh, yeah. And it's like Red Rocks and truly beautiful. And we're going to, they're picking this up in a limo. We're going out there. We're going to marry out a Red Rocks. They take a bunch of cool photos. It was a short little photo shoot, you know, part of the package. And then you get in the limo and they drop you a back off of your hotel and you're done for the day. So we're getting married at noon on Thursday. And uh, and then it's a lamp here weekend. That's cool. Then we all pump in like nothing happened. Yeah. I grabbed the next meal no matter who's turn it is and we move forward. See if, see if the booth on Friday, buddy. I, I am excited. I got, I got my wedding band. I got it size. I got to go pick it up. I don't have any jewelry. I don't even own a watch. Your first piece. Oh, I'm going to have as a wedding band. It's going to drive you a batship for a little bit, but you get used to it. Yeah. The woman goes, what are you looking for in a wedding band? And I go, I want to plain, simple and and tough. Like I don't want to, like I, you know, people get like 24 kerat gold. It's soft and easy. So I want like, I don't even care if it's gold. I look gold. I just want to look gold. It could be fucking steel. I just want a gold ring that I never take off. Frame with it. Fuck and never take it off. And she's like, okay. So sorry, sorry to me. I would. Yeah. That's perfect. I'm so simple. You see, I want my ring the same way I want my burgers. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Classic. I looked, I did, I did the thing everyone suggested. I went through the websites that have like the really cool rings. Like you can get, you know, whiskey barrel and tungsten with a guitar string in it. And that could be your wedding band. And I'm like, these are cool. But that's not me. I'm, I'm so like old school simple. It would, people be weird if I had a fancy ring. I wouldn't talk to anyone. I think I'm around with the fancy ring. That would give me so much material though. I could have had so much fun. I can't do anything. I was like he said, I can't do the bag. He said, if I, if I had a bag, then it'd be like, oh, look around with the purse. He ran in the man bag. It's too late. Now I feel like I missed a man bag. It's been too many years. I can't start a man bag. It's not a little bit with me. You're, you're dumb. It's the man. I can't get the money. I just had a friend say that I was, we went out to dinner. I had money goes, I love that he goes. I can't do it because I'm too old to do that now. But I would of, I'll tell you, it, Victoria is happy that I carry a bag now because this is why I've got all my stuff in one place. So when we get ready to leave the house, I've got my phone, I've got my wallet, I've got my pouches, I've got the keys, like anything we need. It's there. I know what else is another you didn't mention because I know it fits in mind just fine. No, no, no, never. I want you to think it's in there. So I can be like, oh, here it is. It's in there. Take it. But it's in it's sock. Let me get my money out of my sock for you, Mr. Robert. I've got some cash in my sock. Let me just get down and pull my cash out of my sock. You got amazing. Hey, I know how it says. I know exactly. You can't wait to get that money out of your sock for them. Neither can you. Let me give you this money. Don't go. I got a little bit more money in my sock. I don't think you're, but wait, that's the way it works, but wait, there's a war in the way. As they're walking away. There's one way. Help, I got $120. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to really like, I wear a really nice ankle. Let me give it to you. Yeah, you really shouldn't leave without the ankle that I have. It's very, I don't want to be dishonest, Mr. Robert. I haven't given you everything I have. You know, it's really funny when you're like, I hope I get robbed today. You know, and you got that mentality. He does say, I think there are a lot of those that have happened. Dustin can't wait to get larger. That's the way it is. That's why you carry, right? That's why you carry. Sitting at red lights, just itching. You don't do that when you live in the south, Ron, because everyone else is also. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just a fact. I just always wonder which one they have or two, you know, right? Right. And if it's the car behind you or in front of you, that's going to help you out. Yeah, yeah, there's actually there was a thing. I'll be cautious with my delivery of this, but I think it was in Texas and a guy came into, uh, Robah can be in store and three, oh, yeah, people in there stopped it all the once. Oh, yeah, there's videos. And if that's the way the world operated there would be a lot less crime. You know what I'm saying? I just love it. I was like, not one, not two, but three people handled it all. It was my favorite, my favorite of that genre of video is when there's like an old man in a waffle house or something. And everyone's getting held up in the old man is just eating and doesn't even stop, you know, that type of video. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it comes his term. He just goes, bam. Yeah, that's his eating. Like there's a couple of videos out there. Just these old men that are like, they're not fucking it. They're not getting this. And they don't write back to their coffee, too. Like it's the, it's amazing. I saw a video around there. There was, there was the guy wasn't armed or anything, but a guy was robbing a bar and he comes over and he won guys. The guy takes his wall out hands to him, takes his watch off hands to him, goes or no, guy who's literally still drinking and they guy goes and he goes, no, he wanted to take his phone, right? And he just, he's like, he just won't open back. And he literally puts it back. Stanza continues drinking. The guy goes around the thing, robbing comes back. And he's like, mm, mm. And the dude just finally leaves. He's like, you're not robbing me. And the, the thief was like, you know what? I don't know what this dude's deal is. But I'm a let it slide because I don't want to find out. One more soft cart. It's all around here. You know, literally the guy was like, you could rob everyone here, just not me. I was like, those videos, too, they'll be like a massive violent brawl happening in like the background of a waffle house or something. It's got to be one dude sitting there. Like, not even, not, not taking part. I'm enjoying my food. People all around him. He's seen the battlefield before I promise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a Thursday, guys. It's a Thursday. It's a fun. I'm going to fish my coffee. Okay. Well, that was great. I was got constituents together and make a, you know, make a, you know, make a ship episode out of this. Hey. Absolutely. Just a good. We got it. We got it. Yeah. Thanks guys. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes. And remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your ISO surge. It was hardcore ISO now. Get your get your get your all in, get your mind FK and have get your big greens. Big greens chocolate. Big greens. A chocolate big greens and of course, everyone should get on the gear. So yes, all the gear. Get all the gear you can get all the flavors, alternate them, mix them, stack them, stack the gears, stack the gears, stack the gears, okay. Remember, it's just bodybuilding.