Alright guys, welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coaches Skip Hill, Andrew Berry, and myself Scott McNally. All of our programming is brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Use our code THINK for additional savings. You get high quality, third party tested, supplements over there, great protein powders. Every awesome carbohydrate you can think of, including highly-virtenticlydectrium, which I think is going to come up today. Check out SupplementSource.ca for our Canadians. I saw the Meadows Recovery product over there a while back now for like 20 bucks at tub. They have label changes, short dated stuff. So pick up what you can get over there, tell them that we said, hello, all Canada. That's all everybody, Canada SupplementSource.ca. You guys go check that out. And of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. We've got a topic today. We're going to discuss intra-workout carbohydrates. We talked about this a while ago. It was an episode that you weren't with us, skip. If I recall because we've talked so many times now, you're not a huge intra-workout guy from what I remember, but remind me, and then I'm going to share my ideas and Andrew's going to share his ideas. We'll talk all what we think about using intra. I am with insulin. Oh, okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty much an intra-carb with insulin or I am no intra-carb. And I have admittedly not the vast majority of the years that I have trained have been 95% no intra. How'd you say natural? Yeah, no. I was natural. I have a couple natural shows there in Michigan where I was legit natural, but that was back in like 32 or 33. During the depression, no one was a show-up, so I knew I could win. So, well, why do we talk about why someone wouldn't want to use intra-workout nitrips first? Okay. Yeah. I mean, I could think of a few examples right off top of my head. One being someone just doesn't like having fluid volume in their stomach. Like maybe they'll do a few sets of water. Yeah, they just don't like the feeling of, you know, ingesting anything, especially if it's sugary, because a lot of times people get like that dry mouth when they're drinking something sugary. And it just kind of aggravates them. Or especially if you're having like a hard leg day, they start to kind of feel nauseous. And they're spending more time thinking about throwing up than they are focused on their training. But I could totally see that as, you know, as a valid reason, and I listen to my clients when they say, hey, I don't feel good while I'm training. And the first thing we'll do is we'll lower the intro if I haven't doing it. Or we might even pull it right out. And usually we just end up pulling it right out. Like for instance, you know, Nate's my training partner. He doesn't do an extra workout because for that very reason, he doesn't like how sweet, you know, the highly brand-stricted extra in and cluster dexterous taste. And they kind of make him feel like he needs to drink more and more. And then it leads him feeling like he, like he's just not able to get him effective workout that way. I don't have an extra workout in his plan. That was part of my issue. I would make me feel full. Gastric emptying was not good. And it would depend on the what those intercarb's were. So I'll go on record and say that I hated waxy maze. And I still do. And the best way to explain it. And I, and I won't say who it is who argued with me, blue in the face, because we would argue all the time, his name rhymes with, say, ponte. I was waiting for the smile for both of you. So I'm not going to say who it is. Okay. But it does rhyme with that. You take waxy maze and you put it in a shaker cup and you let it sit for only three minutes. What happens? Comes out of sleep. It's up. It all comes back. Now it may not all come down, but it starts to come out of solution after only a couple minutes. I always argued that that's what it did in the gut because the gut, though there's movement, there's not enough movement in my opinion to keep it from coming. And if it comes out of solution at all, then you're going to have an issue with emptying. You've got to have an issue with it being assimilated. And it just would waste so heavy on my stomach. So that's the one thing. So I have I have intercarbs that I tolerate very well now, but there's a caveat. And that brings me to number two. I need to get my last meal. Roughly two hours are slightly more than two hours before I start training. And I started adjusting my intercarbs because if the if the meal is too close, then it's going to have a similar effect in the sense that it's going to sit in there with that food and it's just going to weigh me down. I'm not saying that it's not being used. I'm saying is it makes me feel heavy. It makes me feel kind of descended. That sort of thing. It just doesn't sit well. I would much rather even with insulin now and even with the two hour gap. I would much rather not use it based entirely on how I feel when I train from a gut standpoint. But the reality is is I benefit tremendously from the intro with the EA's and with the insulin. The other thing that people need to remember to just because I guess I'm going to throw on a third is you do need to have enough water. It needs to be diluted enough so that it's not heavy and it's not thick and it doesn't feel like literally food in your stomach. Just to give a little bit of background on intro workouts and I know that all three of us had used this in the past. At least I would be shocked if we didn't decade plus more than a decade ago. We were using Dexdros intro workout. Do you guys use Dexdros to start? Yeah. We used Dexdros and then mix in some EA or some BCAAs. Like that was the technology at the time. And you could also use multiple Dexdros. Yeah. We go back once that first I was the idiot who would combine Dexdros with way concentrate. Okay. Not a full scoop but 10 grams of way concentrate along with Dexdros powder. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you can imagine how that feels. Thick. That was, yeah. And probably not that delicious either. But so we went from there and then there was also a multi-dexdron and I found personally that the higher I took Dexdros the more it would affect my appetite post workout. And I know that a people have had digestion issues. Some people get diarrhea if they just start slamming a bunch of Dexdros into workout. I never had that problem but I've heard that's happened. And then for there we got into the whack. Good. Well it's going to explain why. Right? Because. Okay. I mean I think this is a good point to talk about it. And this is where this whole topic came up again because one of my clients who's a good client is also coaching athletes. And a question came up about I haven't done intro and I always list what I want him to take. And then I think he was kind of thinking in his mind. Oh, any old car would work. And he was just doing plain Gatorade powder from Walmart, you know, which is pretty much 100% Dexdros. And I explained to him a whole reason in a step further and say he was describing exactly what you're saying. He was ingesting the Dexdros feeling a full stomach and was taken away from his workout. Right? Yeah. So the whole reason. And you got to think about the molecular weight of the carbohydrate with Dexdros. It's somewhere around 80 grams per mole, right? On the other end of the spectrum we have say waxy maze which is let's say 120,000 grams per mole. And then on the further end of the spectrum we have cyclic Dexdron which is somewhere in the 200 to 400,000 grams per mole. What does that mean? What's talking about the molecular weight? And that in effects the osmolarity of the product. I mean how quickly that product will run through your digestive system and enter the bloodstream. Right? And something like Dexdros, there's a lot of little particles in there. Water is going to rush in from the exercise muscle from the rest of the vasculature into the digestive system to help digestion. So you're sending a mixed signal to your brain. You're trying to exercise which is sympathetic, right? Fight or flight. You know, do your max lifts and you're sending a mixed signal at the same time saying, hey, we're also trying to digest the meal, which is a parasitic action, rest and digest. So you're sending these mixed signals to your body and you're brain saying, we don't know what to do. We should go throw up, we should crap it out. We should just kind of sit here and try to until we feel better. So that's kind of the whole reason why we're moving toward we've had we've moved from Dexdros to these other high molecular weight carbohydrate sources. Yeah, we moved to the max maze next and then from there we finally, I guess the best would be the highly branched cyclic dexterin and their better at attaching to amino acids too, right? For for shuddling that. So you may have picked up a few amino's from dexdros, a few more from, you know, one of the either I would put like vitargo and waxy maze kind of in that same boat, you know? And then moving on to the high-lvite branch cyclic dexterin, we're just freaking scooping that stuff into the muscle basically. I would rate it from say like dexdros and maltodexdrin to waxy maze ammo also to vatargo and then carbolin and then cluster dexterin, highly branched cyclic dexterin, absolutely. And the cool thing about the cluster dexterin is that it creates, the car rider structure is almost like a cone shape and it kind of pulls electrolytes, other small molecules. Yeah, amino's, sodium potassium, all those other things. It pulls it with it through the bloodstream into the muscle cell. So it kind of acts like a net in a sense. And it's actually, it's used, some of those cyclic dexterins are actually used in different sprays for breads. For breads for example, yet to help bring the aromatic compounds so you smell them at a farther distance. Yeah. Oh, no, for breads to, it's not so that you smell it in for breads, it locks it up so that the cones will attach to the smells and then basically fall into the carpet. So when you spray for breads, the smell goes away. So I'm thinking of something different. It's, yeah, maybe that's another mechanism, but now it carries the aromatic compounds so that you smell them further distances. So you're like, oh, this is clean in here. Like they've cleaned. Yeah, with some of these. I'm all of these. What you said wasn't true as well. Yeah, we're talking about something different then. Yeah, because I heard it was Justin Harris who had talked about this. So you have different properties. Yeah, I was just saying to say you guys are coming out of it from a different Andrew's talking about the smell of the actual spray. You're talking about the action smell that you're trying to hide. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I'm sitting in the middle and I'm watching you guys talking about that. Yeah, it's a good thing. Well, I'm saying it probably, I'm saying it does both. I'm, yeah. Yeah, I heard what you said it said before, but I agree that it makes a lot. It's not a sense. Yeah, I agree with both of the statements. Yeah, I hadn't thought about it from the other side of things and how that would work. Anyway, though, yeah. So dosing guys, what would you say? So if we'd probably all be an agreement that if you can afford it, you know, like a cluster, doxrine, highly brain sickly, doxrine would be the best route to go. It's not going to affect your digestion as much for most people. We'll be go for, for dosing on something like that to start. Oh, that's easy. Eight units of insulin and 50 grams. 50 grams of carbs. Sire, just for some reason, I think that's hilarious. But whatever. It's so individualistic, though, right? Because like someone's digestive system can handle 150 grams of carbohydrates in a workout. I've done as much as that at one time and I thought, great. Obviously insulin was being used at that point. But then there's some people that need to do like 20 to 30 grams tops, you know. And I also want to say that you don't need to be 100% with, with say, sickle destructed extra. Like a lot of times because sickle dexterin is a lot more expensive than say a dexero's powder. I tell people, hey, we need to experiment a little bit if money is an issue, maybe we go 80, 20 and concentration, right? So for doing 50 grams of carbs in trough, we will try 40 grams of sickle, like, and 10 grams of gatorade powder and we'll go from there. And you might be able to move that cheaper carbohydrate source up without any digestive issues. It just takes a little frown error. Yeah. So, but where would you start for somebody? Let's say so, you had somebody come to you and they're like, hey, you guys are going to decide, like, okay, 40 would be the start? Yeah, without insulin. I want to see what 40 does first and how they feel on it, how their pumps are, without using say an insulin source, you know, right off the bat. And then, you know, I'll probably start bumping up from there and 10 to 20 grams increments. Um, as far as the limit, I mean, like I said, like, I mean, I, when I first started I was taking 50 grams and then eventually I was up to 100 and the next thing I knew in a real big push, I was up to 150, you know. So, so I think the small incremental changes seeing how your body takes to it is the way to go. How much water did you have? Uh, because I did the, like, 150, I think 200 was the highest I ever went. And that was back when John was first really pushed. He, John pushed the boundaries with, with, with, intro workouts, you know, and at the time he was talking to Shelby a lot about that and they just kept driving it up. So, and we were literally walking around with, like, gallon jugs. Yeah, he did a lot of talks with me loves to at this around the whole year. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, because I remember I had to take an interview and then copy all the notes down between the conversation and turn into a PDF for John to use for, um, like, bullet point notes and talks and, um, and even, like, his programs that he write for people. But, um, yeah, no, I think, I think that, like, because then it's like, well, when you throw the insulin in, right, like, when do you experiment the insulin? And, and I think the biggest pushback we always get from people when you mention insums, like, oh, I don't want to do anything dangerous. Yeah. And I think similar to, like, the topic we had a few months ago about, um, T3 use, yeah. It's like, look, if you use it intelligently and by intelligently, I mean, you understand that one tick on a insulin needle is one unit and you don't overdose, you're going to be completely, you shouldn't either know this. You shouldn't even, right, shouldn't feel like a hypo, you shouldn't, it shouldn't be a factor that, oh, shoot, like, I'm feeling like I'm going high, both because you've adjusted the dose correctly, you know. Yeah. That's a kind of a rabbit hole to with the insulin because we were, we're talking about intrap, we're not really talking about insulin that now, you brought up the insulin to get it. Domass brought it up exactly. And I think that it should be noted that it's not a process of, when you're using an insulin pre-workout, it's not a process of how much can I tolerate pushing the dose up as much as possible. You're, I approach it more with a, I'm trying to make the process more efficient. I'm not trying to maximal, you know, get as much insulin in me as I possibly can. And I think sometimes people, they tend to lose sight of that or they just, that's just their, their approach. They would think, oh, the more that I can tolerate the better. As an example, I mean, I have a, there's a limit as far as how much fluid and how many carbs I can actually get in me anyway when I train with or without insulin, because there becomes that, that feeling of I just, I have too much, in me. I have too much, I feel bogged down. I feel having it's funny that you said it, because I feel the same way, it's got to go somewhere. I mean, you can either feel too bad or you're going to throw it up or it's got to go somewhere. Well, like I was asking you, Andrew, and I think that maybe our connection is an awesome, but I would, with, when I was asking about like pushing the doses up, how much water did you use when you were doing like the 150? It was probably, it wasn't as much as you guys were using. I heard you say something about a gallon jug, but it's probably closer to like two liters, I would say. Yeah, I don't think it was using. Are you? I can't go less than that. It just gets too heavy. It, it, two liters, I can get 50 grams of carbs and EAAs and arguably some electrolytes in there and not have it feel heavy. But again, I have to have that gap of that two hours. Sometimes it's two, two and a half, I guess. If I'm being honest, if it starts to get over that, then I don't feel, I don't know, I feel empty in my stomach. Yeah, if it's too close, I feel full. Yeah. You, the other thing, you know, like, was going to say, you know, like my process with using it involves you getting about 25% of it down the hatch before you even do your first working set. So, you know, you get to the gym. You, you take your shmishelin and you start immediately sipping your intro workout while you're doing, you know, if you're an old guy like us, you're doing six different warm-up rehab exercises. So there's 10 minutes right there. Talking to your buddy for gym for two minutes, you're getting a few extra tips in while you're doing your first warm-ups, you know, before you on your first exercise, that's, you know, three, four, five, six minutes. So by the time you get to your actual first working set, you should have 25% of the carbohydrate in your system. I think that's a pretty good way to do it because you're not so sympatheticly driven yet in terms of the effort working doing, you're warming up, right? Yeah. You're switching from parasympathetic to sympathetic. It gives you time to get a good chunk of it in without causing any of those digestive issues. So then you have a lessable load to drink during your actual workout. I think that does help as well. I'm a little different. I don't get 25% down, but I don't want to go against your rule because I think it's a good rule. I think I'm kind of the exception. That's my, because I've tried that. I've tried to get up. I can't. I literally have to, there's a couple of things. Number one, I don't want to run out. I almost always want to leave the gym with some, some there, just in case. And especially on a leg day, or a session that is going to go longer and is going to go harder, depending on the, you know, the commute and just the amount of time involved. So it is individual. I guess that's more the point that I'm making, but I do agree with that kind of a rule, if you will. I think for the vast majority of people that would work well. awkward silence. What say you Scott? I probably about the same as you Andrew, try to get in that first 20, 25% before I'm actually into training before I actually am hitting that first working set. And then I try to finish it about the, I'd say finish it at the beginning of if not during my last working set. And then plan to have food available, you know, when I, you know, like basically. And then I think is with highly branched sickly dexter and I'm starving after word. But I also found, one thing I've noticed about me personally when I was using insulin regularly, that if I were to start going hypos, highly branched sickly dexter never catches it for me. And then I'm going to do a lot of things that I'm going to do with the dexteros with it. Or I would still go hypos regardless. It's just, it didn't have to agree with that. Yeah, it didn't have to be a little extra. That's one of, to your point actually on that because I noticed that as well, that's why I always tell people to keep a dexteros based source of carbohydrate like a soda, a gatorade, some of the kids candy, like in your gym bag or in your car just in case. And I also tell people, like if we're using insulin and intra, I make sure that they keep their glucometer with them because I want them to test themselves and experience and put a feeling to the number if you give what I'm saying. Yeah. Because being 72 and being 54 are very different feelings and love as a feeling. And I do think it's important that people kind of start to develop that sixth sense that you're using intra workout, insulin and those types of things so that they can plan accordingly if they need to. And I'll tell you what, like it's rare and offseason that someone will go hypos. It's always in a prep situation and I know a lot of people pull intra workouts out during prep situations. I go the opposite way. I think it's time to put it in more than anything. John did too, right? If we're not. Yeah. Oh yeah, obviously that's where my influence has come from that. But you'll find this as you get leaner and leaner and you get more insulin sensitive. You get done to workout. Those 82s start to creep to 69s and 65s. And then the desire and the availability to eat needs to be met. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, you can see that. All right. Anything else we want to mention on this topic? Anything you guys can think of that we haven't covered? I'd say as far as water goes, you know, we talked about amounts and I would say mix it thin, you know, you don't want it to be whatever you do. You don't want it to be like a real strong concentrate flavor. You know, I almost feel like just the flavor itself is kind of a trigger for digestion. And I wanted to be almost like a, like I use crystal light in my water sometimes. And I just wanted to be like a twinge of flavor. You know what I mean? Yeah, I let my face be sober because my carbs are not flavored ever. Okay. For that reason. Maybe also talk about what other things do people put in their intro workout? You know, what, you know, what are some other things besides the carbohydrate besides the essential amino acids? You know, do you guys throw other stuff in there for your intro's? I'll say this. Oh, my God. I might go get, okay, maybe it doesn't go against skip. I was going to say that I try to keep stuff away because I think sometimes there's the thought of, let's, let's, so if we can push these, you know, carbs into the muscle, then we should start pushing in a bunch of creatinine and all sorts of other stuff. For me personally, since I don't want to trigger digestion, I'll try to get those things in pre workout, you know, like, let's get the creatinine a half hour before I train if you're going to use that. And if I'm doing like a pre workout, maybe it would be most of my citrilline would be there. Maybe I'd put a little bit of citrilline in it. But for me personally, I want to try to keep as little as possible so that I can, like, what we're trying to do is hack digestion. You know what I mean? We're trying to hack the system so that we don't get that trigger. So that's been my mindset. I'll not saying that that's the only way to do it. So I'm open it. If you do something else, I enjoy it. I think the only other thing I do throw in it would be like creatinine monohydrate, typically, obviously electrolytes, you know. I use a product. We make a granite called recovery, which John obviously designed with cyclic dextrin, EAA's, essential amino acids. There's a little bit of a sense of our actual gondon there. But then I do throw creatinine in there at that time because here's what, here's what you'll be my argument against taking the creatine pre-workout. It's that creatinine's an amino acid, right? What do you need to get amino acids into a muscle and insulin response? So I would argue that, you know, and it's not, this could be a difference of five to 10%. But I would argue that taking them with the intro workout, increasing insulin release, would push the creatine into the muscle more efficiently. Being a small molecular weight water soluble thing, I don't see it causing an issue with digestion. It probably might be that, yeah, in the same way that an intact protein would, or yeah, yeah, I just see it as, now that again, if people say, hey, since we had the creatine in, I'm starting to feel like different, you know, just, yeah, I'm feeling like some rumbling and I'm like, okay, let's pull it out. We'll take it at a different time. No big deal, you know. And I think the biggest take on message is to, you know, start with something and then engage your progress from it, you know, start with say 20 grams of cyclic texture and 10 grams of VAAs and see how you feel on it. And then maybe bump it up to 30 grams of cyclic texture and 10 grams of VAAs. And then you could keep building on it to find a point where, hey, this just isn't working anymore. You know, I'm starting to feel like I need to run the rest of you. What's the highest you guys have ever taken your EAAs to? Probably, I don't know 25. I think that's funny. I was going to say 20. I don't know that it's not so high. But I'm like, you know, it's one of those things that you can't really quantify. You can't, yeah. And realize it's more of a digestion thing and you're going by how you feel. And there's really nothing that's going to go, wow, this really works. Yeah. These are kicking in. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not a great team. Yeah. I haven't taken credit in 15 years probably. It's just not something I tell my clients the same. I'm like, take it if you want, but it's not a deal maker or a deal breaker as far as I'm concerned, you know, not bad, not good. For what it's worth. For what it's worth, I threw it in because Granny sends it to me for free now. Now that we really sit as a commodity project. Well, and I have this note. It's funny that you say about free. I have this note in new clients' plans that when I talk about the supplementation part, I say it in paraphrasing. To make my point, I get all of my supplements anything I want in the quantities that I want for free. And these are the things that I recommend because I could just take a boat load of stuff and I just don't think it's worth it. Now, that's not to say that true nutrition or any other nutrition company out there puts out bonker garbage things. But as an example, I don't use pre-workout because anything that has a stimulant in it is going to mess with my sleep because I train later at night even on up at night, too, when I get home to work. But I cannot use anything like a beta-alloline or anything like that that will hit my nerve pain. And that's part of the reason that I have not used a pre-workout longer than I had not used creatin. I cannot, I don't trust them, I don't know what's in them. And there's usually more in them and I don't need something to hit me. My excuse is always, if I don't feel like training, I'm not training. Yeah. It doesn't have anything to do with a pre-workout. I started to creatin again just because it is cheap and there's the research now about brain health. And that's, so for me, I'm like, yeah, you know what? If I get an extra pump out of it, that's great. But if I nowadays, I just take it because it is so, it's flavorless, right? And I keep it in a little glass jar next to my coffee maker and I just put it in my coffee in the morning. So, I'm like, yeah, I get it when I wear another. With your collagen. Interesting. Yes, exactly. So that, I have my collagen tub, my, the two tub's right there. And actually, it would have just been like probably an intruder-trition bag. But Victoria is classy. So we actually got like glass containers that sit on the counter that looks like a little glass. I was not allowed from a young age when we moved to Evergreen that I could no longer had. It was a rule, stated by my wife, I could not have protein jugs on the counter anymore. I like the way, you know, they're nice. It's like your, that's your price. Yeah. You got, especially if you have to pay for them, that's like, I'm proud to head that out there. You know what I mean? You guys, her thing, you guys remember? She said, no, she didn't want anybody walking in the house thinking I was a meathead or thinking anybody in there was, she was, I don't want anything bodybuilding related up on the walls or if they the only thing I had was a, um, Marilyn Monroe picture in the bathroom. It was a black and white and it's a classic, uh, over the toilet, that, in the main bathroom that was her doing those little tiny dumbbell, dumbbell presses. You were allowed to have that. I was allowed to have that because that was a, yeah. It was, it wasn't like she fought me on it. Right. It was just, I, I agreed. I'm like, you know what, I don't need jugs on the counter and, in that sort of thing, you know, erasing kids. I don't need people coming over gone. What's going on here? That, that jugs for my syringes, you know? Yeah. I, you guys remember, I think it was in like, a project super heavyweight DVD when Justin Harris had all his like sick with Dexter and protein like on the washing and dry machines. I don't know if he and, but yeah, that's going. I feel like he was those videos, but it was like, yeah, like you would go and he'd make his insurance free workout and he'd be scooping stuff on the, his wife would come in and change a load while he's doing it. I had to go back and watch those. We should do some sort of, uh, reaction video to that. We've been doing a bunch of reaction videos. So if you guys can think of anything, we do a reaction video too, would that be fun? Only because it's a hot topic right now that kid, um, Sam, Sam, Siulic, Siulic, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, everybody is talking about him left and right and they really are. I've only seen like one bit. You have only seen one video with a minute, but, uh, yeah, how did this happen? Can somebody explain what? What happened? How do you know what it reminds me of it reminds me of the the really hot check, the really hot random check at a football game who there's just a video and she's in the background and this perfect thing happens and they just goes viral and then she gets sponsorships and endorsing everybody's paying attention and I can't figure out why. Yeah, but that makes sense. No, that makes sense. That makes absolutely sense. Cause this doesn't make sense. It's a pair of, I can't figure it out. This is what I thought it is. I know what it is. I think I know what it is. I think it's that, you know, a lot of the younger people that we talked to on a daily basis are so programmed in that bodybuilding has to be this very specific thing and that you need to be optimal and everything needs to be perfect and your sets need to look like this and everything is perfectly controlled and calculated and we oftentimes we're, um, like a doctor's jacket while we're, you know, writing plans and you know, it's all spreadsheet bodybuilding. I think it's a, it's a pushback to that in my opinion that holy crap, this guy can just eat a bunch of cereal and go train his ass off with whatever form he wants and, you know, obviously he's got good genetics. He's making progress so there's that. But I do. I think it's a pushback to like the over science of vacation. If that's a word. I'm sorry. That's just it. Yes, essentially. He just does whatever and trains. I don't think it's a shit. I don't think it's a shit. I don't think it's a shit. I think he's just a bro. Well, you know, he's a bro. Probably started out as as a real deal thing and I think it's become a shit. Now he has, you know, I mean, of the popularity and the YouTube and all that stuff. And I know, I know, for what I think for what comes up pretty big. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. But I think that's where it started and yeah, who knows. But it in a lot of people were against him. So that kind of create like a lot of the older guys were like, oh, if you shouldn't be doing that and he should be doing this. And then there was a lot of pushback to the guy saying all of that. So you know what I mean? Yeah. So now. Well, and that's going to make younger demographic latch on to that even more. So at least this is making more sense. I couldn't figure out. I didn't know what it was. I didn't know. The only thing I get was he seems to like randomly like how eat when I want. I'll eat a lot and it's not great food and then I'll just train and he's getting big amounts of the appeal. I don't know. I mean, I don't know enough about the guy to like him or dislike him other than I'm hearing. Like random people will ask me about his name. And it's kind of a unique name. So it stands. It's not like John Smith and you're like, who is this guy? You immediately know. Yeah. It's Sam something starts with an S. Sue Lack or Sue Lack or something like that. I don't know. But I don't know enough about him to know. So yeah. Well, that's my take. You know, again, wish him luck. And here's the thing. I think that that's where we all start. You know, like eating the McDonald's diet and just shoving food in and lifting heavy weights. And if he sticks with it, that he'll continue to refine it and probably pick up all things. Really young like a teenager? I don't even know. I think it's like 20 22. Maybe is my guess. Yeah. I had to guess by the guess 22 23. I watched only one of his videos and it was actually a reaction video that Mike is retell did. And it's really funny because I think that Mike Yesertal was kind of being really careful not to not to call him out because he, you know, like Sam got out of a machine and he's doing these rows or something. And it was like, just the worst. Oh, he's just like, he's just like, he's just like, whiffing this later round. And you know the way Mike is like, well, you want to make sure that you can press to you dig press the scapula and full range of. And he was like, well, okay. So I can see some redeeming qualities about what he's doing. That's the way he approached it. You know, he's like he's got a good head on his shoulder. He's good kid. I see him growing places like he didn't, he didn't tear him apart like I would have probably expected him to based off of the things that he believes in, you know what I mean? So I, but yeah, that's the only video I saw of Sam was just him being reviewed by somebody else. I think we can chalk it up to the simple, I use time when the client will send me somebody doing something. And they look like the, let's say branch warrant, right? Obviously, train really hard, but his form was probably more like the Sam Sua train you're mentioning than, yeah, then the stuff Mike is a tell would recommend, right? Yeah. And I just say look, genetics are the number one determining factor in success of bodybuilding, regardless of the types of food you eat, the types of drugs you take, the type of training you do. Genetics are the number one component of success. And it's a good to pick your parents. Yeah. All right, he's young and he's getting away with it. Good for him because I'm sure we all did it. I can't, I'm not going to trash you guys. I think that's been the, the, the, the bark back at anybody who harasses him about not doing things correctly. People say, oh, well, you're just jealous. You can't get away with that. You know what I mean? That's true. And they would be correct. And they would be correct. Yeah. Exactly. I would love to be able to leave McDonald's though. I don't even like McDonald's, but junk food of some sort. Yeah. Train half hasardly and just kind of do things as I want to and maintain health and be able to grow unconditionally. That would be awesome. That would be the best man. All right, let's wrap this thing up guys. We appreciate you being here in another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear with Skip Hill. Andrew Barry. I'm Scott McNaley. Check us out over at, you can go to bodybarry.com, reach out to Andrew. Team skip.com. You reach out to skip. McNaley diets at gmail.com. And of course, true nutrition.com. Use our code, thank supplement source.ca for our Canadians and thank you to everybody from Patreon. Comment over there with questions. Comment on this on YouTube so that you guys can get more questions on the show and we can keep making this thing. It's a given I take you guys. So comment below. We'll see you.