Hey everybody, just a reminder that Monday, January 30th instead of recording our episode at the usual time, we are going to be broadcasting live time to be announced soon. So stay tuned. Not only that, we're going to be live at where we're going to be dusting west coast iron together. It's going to be cool. I'm looking forward to this. Mutants bringing me out. Mutants bringing you out too, Dusty, because you're doing a thing with the screen. You're holding there. Cool. Absolutely. Just letting it all out of the bag. Right now. It's out. Two in in. There you go. Right, let go. Okay with the two. Is this okay? I like it. It's going to fly. It's going to fly. I'm trying to be 12 years old. No. No. We act like we're good at this. I fight. I fight. So there's a couple of times. A couple of times. I've been at the mall. We're in like Jordan pants and my west coast iron hoodie and you know, I'm even t-shirt. And then my chucks will match my hat. Yeah. And then I'll walk past the family that looks like they've got like a bit of money. And that you know the families that dress their kids like cool. Yeah. Pull them a little extra cash. They got a little bit of a little extra cash. So you walk by and they've got like a 10 year old and he's wearing basically exactly the Saint-Ophid as means that like chucks it matches hat and like you know Nike pants and like a cool hoodie. And I'm like, oh my god, I dress up a child. You realize you're the same age as the dad. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's yeah. There you go. Over. Yeah. Oh, god. Yeah. It's pretty funny. So I don't know. I saw the other day Jordan Petersen was talking about dress. Like a man, you know. And like he's big on like you know he always wears suits and ties and I'm like, oh man, I failed this one real bad. I got my room cleaned. I'm doing good. But the dressing like a man part. I don't know. Yeah. I don't actually like I don't even have a suit that technically fits anymore. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do have a couple fortunately. I got a couple. I got made like, you know, within the last couple years. So they do fit. But yeah. Well, I never know. It's like when he's going to have to go on the Olympia stage and hand out a trophy or something. You know. Hey, man. You know, Bob might like like hurt his knee or something. Yeah. And they might. You know, like I never know. Like it might be like something that happens there. Like maybe he eats bad shellfish at lunch. Yeah. And all of a sudden the finals are coming and Bob's like out of commission. Like 1,000% out of commission. There's no way he's got to get out of. He's got to get out. Possibly make that happen. You know, you know. Get you in there. And then. And then also to also to this requires that all of the actually talented people are already busy doing live streams for like paper view. You know, like so like a lot of the people that they turn to are actually already doing something. So there you are. That's the best. And I just happen to be there. That's the we're going to have a busy you know, a busy Olympia next time. Making sure that people are busy. You know, I'm saying. Get a man to carry. Well, man. It's the case. You know, I was thinking. Oh, God. Hope I wasn't see this. We like Bob. Sorry. Yeah. No. I think I screwed. I think I screwed too many names. Oh, yeah. What's a big one. That's a problem. Actually, I do pretty good. I do pretty good with names. I even. I even like there's a couple times I surprised myself of like rolled a couple hours. Just hammered him. Yeah. Like you know what I mean? Well, Russell's a name. You know that you know that we know that that's a like a you know what I mean. Yeah. Yeah. I was a bit of fun with it. So I guess we should intro the show. Um, Like share, subscribe, comment, and and ring the bell. Holy. I was like wait. Do my say it. Give me the ultimate alley loop. That was the slow motion pass. And then they slow it down and it almost hangs of the rim and then it's like, I can just end bam. Yeah. Oh, scary. It's a big moment. I don't know if it's going to be the alley loop. The alley loop is one of the coolest things in sports. Oh, yeah. The alley loop and the bicycle kick and soccer. Oh, that's a good one. Yeah. And also too like dusty. I mean, let's give credit to like a beautiful one timer. You know, like a nice pass from a nice pass from like the side up. Bam. You know, like top corners flawless. Yeah. So what are we talking about today? We actually, we actually have a great guest this week. Yeah. We have a great guest this week. And you will have already seen that show. Yeah. We haven't done that show yet. We have in our world. In our world. This is the first show. And then we will do the guest. But you will see them. They easily. The way around. Yeah. It's going to be nice. So crazy. We can't really promote it. Because we're like, hey, guys, go back in time and watch the live episode. But if you haven't seen it, yeah. We'll be syndicated. You know, like, I could go back and watch that a pseudo episode. Yeah. Yeah. Like that word syndicated. Yeah. We actually use that word. Like, that's really cool to be able to use that word. I just want to use it. I'm the producer. We can do whatever we want. Yeah. Except for swear. Except for swear. Except for swear is in the first 30 minutes of the podcast. Yeah. I've had a bunch of people tell me. Yeah. I've had a bunch of people tell me it's the first 30 minutes. You're like, here's the 30 minutes after that. You can do whatever you want. It's the first, like, minute is if it's in there, it's a guaranteed. And then this is where it becomes a gray area. They say, or if it is throughout. So what does throughout mean just throughout mean two throughout definitely means five if you hear the effort five times. It's it's out. So five. It's true. That is so low. Yeah. It's almost impossible. It can well for us it has been in the past. I've really struggled with the speed since we started doing this. Like, 100 runs take all the heat. I have bombs over. Yeah. But did you see that's got the wrong sentence from from goodwill hunting? I didn't see that. I didn't see that. Oh, man. So they were. Oh, you didn't see that video. I said, put it in the Instagram chat, but I know you're not on there much. But it was one of those, uh, uh, was Matt Damon. What was he talking about dusty the number of F bombs? Yeah. The number of F bombs because they wrote goodwill hunting. And they were like, they said, can we make it PG 13 and he said, well, how would you that? You have to lower the number of F bombs. And he was like, all right, well, how low does that to get? And they were like five. He's like, well, where are we at? And they're like 140 seconds. No, bro. And then they show one section with him just talking like one scene. Yeah. And he drops it four times and then, um, what's his name? Who's the, who's the, uh, then after? No, yeah. No, the therapist in that show. Oh, Robin Williams. Robin Williams bobs it twice in that one. I'm like, they're at six right now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like a 32nd clip. Yeah. And he goes, he goes, but we're from the south Boston. We just wrote it like a conversation. Yeah. And we would just say it. And then we go, okay, we have to write that down. And then we go, how would you say this? And he go, I'd say this. Okay, we write that down. And that's what they got. 147. That's just natural. If you live in Boston. I did see the place. If you ever been there, it's true. Was it the lady who looked like Jim Carrey? I saw her that four ladies. Yeah, that was great. Yeah. I'll see if I can drop that in here to post production. Yeah, that was amazing. But she could laugh at herself, which is the thing that I think we all should get better at. You know what I'm saying? Like, she was hilarious. She was hilarious. Yeah, she's funny about it. Freaking hilarious. She was freaking hilarious. Yeah, there we go. That's all she was. Was freaking hilarious. Yes. Man. So, honey, can we talk about excitement that I got today when Nick and Johnson team texted me, see you in a couple of days. I didn't know they were filming us next week. Oh, that is exciting. I didn't. I was very stoked to hear that. Yes. So, tell the people. What does this even mean? Filming. What's going on? Well, we're having a mutant, uh, little mutant content party for a week. And we're bringing us, bringing people in. And then, so for make a bunch of stuff at the gym up here. Yeah, so what does that look like, exactly? Like, what it is for people who are on the outside like me. Yeah. We don't know what that is. Plus I have something to tell you. Okay. Let's go. Yeah. I'll tell you. Well, um, you know, for example, the Vegas, we did a mutant mansion. We call them mutant mansions. It's like the, just the, the thing we call it in the, in house so that we, we know what's up. And it's, uh, we, we all met in, uh, Airbnb in Vegas. It's a really nice big house. It had like, well, F bomb and 10 bedrooms. Yeah. It had like, yeah. Two, two huge kitchens, the 10 bedrooms. And anyways, we just, you know, lived in this house for a week. And we, we had a schedule like, okay, you know, you guys are training in the morning. You guys are training midday. You guys are training in the late afternoon. Yeah. And, and they, and, you know, Nick can concentrate. And then the team would, you know, go with the groups and shoot the content and gather kitchen and, you know, meal meal prep content while we're at the house at night. You know, we'd all make our dinner and they'd film it. And we'd, when then they'd collect some, you know, candid stuff. You never know when you're going to get something good. Just film my never one sitting around the table eating, you know, that sort of stuff. So there's a lot of that going on. It's, it's, it's, you know, it's pretty fun. Like, you know, just hanging out and getting, you know, getting fed. And I mean, you're cooking your meals, but, you know, you just sit in around eating and talking and training and, Yeah. You know, it's cool. And I'll have to take, I'll have to take time off of like actual work to go film that sort of stuff with me that week. You know what I mean? Okay. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's pretty fun. Pretty fun change. Yeah. That is cool. So can I, can I tell them guys? What's going on here? You, you should tell them. Yeah. Yes. So, um, I'm going to be there. Well, I'm going to kind of be there. Yeah. I'm flying out. I just, I just talked to them today, George. And I'm going to come out, I believe on Sunday, so that we can record the podcast together live and Monday and Ron already checked his internet. Like, we can do this thing live from West Coast, Iron. Next week, it'll be a few days after this one comes out. Yeah. Unreal. Yeah. That's crazy. So I'm going to blow him by that. I know for you guys, like, how many times have you guys done mutant mansion type things? Because I know you guys go, like, back to Ron, you've told stories of being like a Venice beach with rich Piana and you've been there a long time, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 10 years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. First, first mutant mansion was in 2013. We organized that. What did it feel like to you? The first time you were invited to do something like that? You know, mutant was pretty ahead of a lot of other companies on the YouTube channels. Like, I remember those days. I remember going to Denver, for example, for mutant mansion and we shot at Armbrist Jim all week. And it was Rich Piana, Johnny Jackson, myself, or Naldo Gary Gabe Mone. We had like a big team. And, and there, and, you know, it was, it was, you know, Jonathan was working for us in house. He shot all the fill he's DVDs. Jonathan's a good friend of ours. But he worked for mutant for a while. And he was like, fill he's guy that shot all of his DVDs like becoming 13 and still still still the one or whatever. And all those DVDs, he shot all that. So he was shooting our stuff. It looked awesome. Like, everything was, it was really cool, you know. And, and obviously, I wasn't even a pro. So like, I was like, really, like, really fortunate. Because there wasn't a lot of amateurs that were getting paid and flown around and shot and filmed like on quality film, like with like a real, really like real, like, you know, filmographer, you know, like, Jonathan was like a documentary film guy. And he was working for mutant. So like this stuff looked awesome. This stuff was fantastic. And so it was really cool. Because I'd like, you know, I'd even look better in the video than actually, look. I mean, like, was like the first time I was like, oh, wow, like this is actually part of why, you know, everyone looks great. Because they're getting shot with really high quality cameras and like, you know, produce well. And, you know, so it makes a big difference. And, and of course, the industry standard is, is that on your phone now. Yeah. You know, yeah. Right. Like back then, back in 2012, like you had to have like a guy and he had to have, like, a nice camera. Yeah. And all that lies a couple of bombs in there for you. I mean, you're noticing now. That's the, it's, yeah, noticing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. So, so, so. So, the horse is being broken. As my grandpa would say, no longer a stallion. Jonathan noted. He's been snipped. He's been snipped. Like, yeah. No more. No more Roman, the prairie spread in his seed. Because to me, it's like, this is really, really exciting. I see myself as being more like one of our listeners. You know what I mean? And just a fan of the sport and having followed mutant for a really long time to actually get to come out in there. And they believe in our podcast, which is really cool. You know, and they're going to be this happened. So, it's not like they have some sort of like ulterior motives. You know what I'm saying? It's just like, they just see something that's cool. And they're going to support that. So, I, I say, they were. You know, I, I, I, I want to from the bottom of my heart. Like, this is going to be freaking amazing. And hopefully I don't make things. You know what I'm saying? Hopefully like it weren't you know. You know, and you know, we, we never, we never make a big deal out of any of the stuff that comes to the gym because, you know, we always want like, you know, for example, if let's just say Chris called us and said he was going to come and train, we wouldn't like announce it to our members, right? Because we want to like, keep it like, you know, Loki. So, so we never announce anything. You know, people just show up. And that's one of the fun things about, you know, you know, like, you know, like, who's going to show up next week at our gym, right? It's cool. It's cool. You know, we're bringing dusty up, you know, a, a Jamie's coming to, right? Yep. Jamie's coming. Yep. Yeah. You know, Jamie's coming to the show. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, everyone's coming. So it's going to be fun. Andreas, come in. So it's going to be great. No, you know, Donald will be there. So yeah, it's coming. Yep. Nice. Yeah, Donald's coming. She said that it was important. She wanted to sign the wall. That's not all. Right. Which like, oh, right there. Well, I'm excited to see what the wall looks like now because the last time I was there, excuse me, I don't think it had nearly as many signatures as I've seen in pictures. Sense. So the wall has an interesting, though, the wall has the wall has swallowed a lot of the signatures as high-putted, which is kind of a, interesting way to look at it. What happened was the sun bleached a lot of them off. Okay. So I think it's time for the first time this trip. Yeah. So it's, it's, I mean, it's kind of cool because it's like interesting. You wonder, like, what signatures are gone off the wall, you know, yeah. But, you know, the first three years we were open, the sun was just hit not wall through the window. Yeah. And then we, you know, if we spent like eight grand and we got all the windows, like 80% heat blocked with like the UV tint, like we got that whole south and east wall of the gym upstairs and downstairs just completely heat tinted because it's very close. All windows in the front. Oh, yeah. So and it dropped the internal temperature of the gym in the summertime, dropped it five degrees. Nice. So like a huge difference. I give it to a hot day. 25 is a lot different than 30. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You saw Celsius, it's a crazy difference, right? So anyways, it was a really good deal. And then we realized that that's what had happened to the wall because a signature stopped fading basically. And we're like, ah, shit. Okay. So we lost a bunch of them, but, you know, everyone can restign if they have to. If you can't find yourself on the wall at West Coast, let us know. Well, I have to tell people then, too. So if we, we might not have a set time, we might be recording it normal time. I don't know. We'll have to talk about that. But that'll be on Monday. So we always record on Mondays. It's not going to come out on Wednesday. Like it normally does. We're going to do this on a Monday. So you guys left a, you know, tune in. Get your week started right with a little bit of a, it's just bodybuilding, right? There you go. So that's not, yeah, is that that's next week? Yeah, that's next week. Like week today's fast. Crazy. So they're going to get their episode forward in time. This is what's going to be. There's a lot going on right now. There's a lot. There's a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Our episodes are out of order. We got like an exception going on. There's a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Dusty has been inside the wall yet, but he did. This is what we did. I didn't. But side there. You know why they took it off after I died. Now I decided, by the way, we came up with this this weekend. Since AD is already been used by someone else. We're going with AD after Dusty does that. So that's kind of our thing. I don't want to copy this. There's like the beard. Yeah. Okay, here's a, here's a, here's a quiz. Here's a quiz question for you guys. All right. Who was the first, who was the first pro to ever sign the wall at West Coast iron? I got you. You didn't sign your own wall first. I know that much. So it's not going to be. I feel like I should do it too. I'll give you a, he trained there the day before we opened and he signed it. Train the day before you open this is I got nothing. Who is it? Somebody that knew them was stuff. Was it Chris? I'm stuck was the first. I'm stuck. I'm said was the first. First, to, the first pro to train at our gym and the first pro to sign the wall. He ended. He after all signed. Yeah. I'm, he might have, you know, I mean, I can still see his signature though for some reason. I can still find him on the wall. So because he, he comes through, like you can't take bumps. The sun can't even move bumps that from first. Sun can't even erase his signature. Yeah. Yeah. We had an over-under question about Chris's mustache today, by the way, just to give you a little little preview on that one to make side it. Yeah. We got a listener critique too. He sent us in a contest picture. Let's hear it. Like that. You want to do that? Oh, that was like a critique of us. No, I thought you meant like, yeah. No, we did get some stuff though, too, about the runs delicious meat. They like a lot of people want to get that. By the way, we can take this in the US now. I have a guy. So if you'd like to delve into Dusty's pockets, we can bring in the US too, just saying. Just a thought. Okay, rolling that out there. I know we're going to advertise that. It's no cost. You know? And we can still stick with wrongs of meat. Good. Dusty's made scene enough. Yes. Yeah. This is the ADD dusting. So my meat is like half full of good old stories and then half full of shame. We've all got some slump busters. It's fine. I'm going to slump busters. All right. Roll it out. Scott, what do we got here? All right. Well, we did a bunch of questions. We had, I'll start with this one. Just because I feel like it's a timely question. Being that this is the toward the end of January, the New Year's resolutioners, or you know, all hitting it hard in the gym. The question is from Jim McDonnell. He gave us a bunch of over-underers last week. He says, let's see. My gym has gotten so crowded over the past few weeks that it's peeing me off in many of months. I'm going to be real careful here and many long-term memories. You pretty much have to base your workouts on what's available or come in undesirable times, undesirable to me at least. This didn't just start at the New Year, but it's definitely at a whole new level. My question is whether it is reasonable to expect the gym owner or management to only sell the amount of memberships that the place can handle. It seems like they've been running sales, even though the place is beyond capacity. I know I could vote with my wallet, but I'd also leave money on the table if I were to try and break my contract. I have an answer for that simple. Gims sell membership far beyond capacity because most gyms members don't come in. So people don't realize that is these, and this isn't picking on resolution, but anyone who signs a new membership, the majority of signatures sign and do not come in and use and keep their membership for extended periods of time beyond not using them. So although to him, it is a pain if I own the gym, I'm selling all of them because the percentage of staying is low. The percentage of going to pay for a year or two years. I mean, I know people are going to remember for years, but walking into the gym and canceling that membership is a kind of admitting they're quitting. People really don't. I mean, my little gym here, I say little, it's 25,000 square feet, but they have 8,000 members at this gym. Trust and believe 8,000 people are not walking in there multiple days a week. Wrong. Yeah, I mean, the corporate gym, the reason the corporate gym is marketed the way it is is because that's what actually sells the most memberships. So and you know, like for example, I had a friend that managed a gold in another city. And he told me that his average member came once every nine days. And apparently that was really good. Head office had said something like, oh, wow, how did you get that number? Because the lower the better, right? It means they have like all these. Because then also factor in that if nobody comes, equipment's not getting worn out. I think breaks. The water usage will be low. Everything, the less people come and just pay to membership the better. So that's actually the ideal situation for most gyms. So you know, so but, you know, for example, at West Coast, our average member comes four times a week. Which is pretty good. Awesome. The other direction. Yeah. It's a really using your gym. Yeah. So the downside is we don't have a bunch of inactive members that would really help the bottom line. But most of our members come to the gym all the time. But so it's it's a slightly different model. So, you know, it's you have to run your gym differently. How about people have to understand that gyms are like all businesses are running away where they are trying to figure out, I mean, I shouldn't say all. But trying to figure out the best way to maximize their business model. For example, tanning salon. It's a lot of tanning salon and one of them locally here, switched to where you can only come every 24 hours. Not as in Monday, once, Tuesday, once, as in 24 hours later. Yeah. And the reason that that is a huge success for them financially is odds are you can't come with the exact same time. Right. So one day you come late. Now the next day you can't go that late. So you just skip a day. The amount of times they're tanning beds get used gets chopped way down. And members are up in arms. They're like, this is inconvenient. They have no idea it's unpurpose. Yeah. It literally slows down the amount that your beds get used. Getting the same amount of money. And from a business standpoint, it's a good move. I just quit a tanning membership for that. Yeah. And I laughed because I knew what they were doing on my genius. But messes me up. So see, yeah. I thought it was like a law or something like to protect you from yourself. For, you know, cancer. That's what they sell you on. But yeah, it's not. It's every day. It is the least here that it's every day is the law. But they can't. Or should attract the hours. But the genius would get to dance around it and block it. Just think about if you usually go at three and then something happens to you go at five and not tomorrow at three you're there. Yeah. You're just skip. You're not coming back in two hours because then that's going to keep it going down the line. You know, it's genius actually. But what about what about the training part? So the other end of things. How have you guys dealt with it? Dealing with a busy gym? You know, how do you handle figure out your workouts and working around all these people, the same failures resolution or whatever? I just remember that all that really matters is that you load, you know, load the muscle in a plane of motion that it does. Like, what does that muscle do? Like, if you're doing biceps, you have to load it this way. Like, all you have to do is a curl. Like, the extra sizes we do, they, they're not that different from one another. You know what I mean? You can, you can get in there. If all you can get is that one plate loaded chest machine, then just do, instead of doing two working sets on that, two working sets on incline dumbbell, two working sets on, you know, machine fly. You could just do four working sets on the one press machine that you got your hands on because it's crazy that day. You're doing a real. Two in a row. You're killing it. You're killing it. Just try to remind you, figure a little mindfulness, bring a little mindfulness back in. Say me an hour about it. He's getting passionate right now. He's passionate. That's the thing. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. No, but it's your right, Ron, it's that. And if you are someone like me when I was going out and doing DC training, then the word that he used was inconvenient. And my answer to that is what about body-belaness convenient. So if I must train on certain pieces of equipment, then I go to the gym when that will be feasible. Or I will take Ron's mindset. So it is nothing about being a body-beloader is convenient. So I kind of throw that out the window. I mean, if I had to, I would train at midnight. Like it doesn't, you alter your plans. The way I do it now is I actually find that new members are more respectful. They might not know everything and make some little errors. But it's the long timers that are the ones that are super saying 19 pieces of equipment. And all that crap. You know what I mean? So usually I'll be ultra-nice to people right out the gate. And that usually comes with questions down the line, which is good. And it also comes with courtesy if I'm even glancing out of a piece of equipment. It will be like, are you going to use that? I'm like, soon as you're done. Like no rush, you know? But they do, they realize, oh, that big guy there is really nice, you know, and he answers my questions. And next thing, you know, I think people really underestimate the power of just not being a douche. Yeah, that's a great point. I have to hop on that because we never have any issues at our gym because we have like a bit of a whatever you call it like relationship with the other people that train there. You know? Like we just walk over and like stand close to the pack deck and the guy in the pack deck's like two more guys. Yeah. And I'm like, hey, thanks. You know, awesome. Just chill. No worries. We just did a hard set, you know? And we'll just hang out. And we don't even ask like half the time that they just see. Like it's just it's everyone kind of, you know, if the community is right at the gym, everyone kind of has this sort of, you know, symbiotic sort of understanding of what's going on. Yeah. You know? I remember doing a, um, what was it? It was like, though, I, because I tried to do that same thing, you know, be really friendly to people. I remember one time when I did kind of lose it a little bit. This lady, I would, so I was doing, I was on a, a tricep pressed down, a cable. And, and I decided I was going to do a rest part of this. So just one set. And it took me, you know, five minutes or whatever to warm up to my one set. And, you know, do as many reps as you can. And then wait 20 seconds. And then as many reps as you can, wait 20 seconds. I do that first part. And then I go to wait 20 seconds that I had my headphones in and I'm looking at my phone and I kind of like just stopped away over here. And when I turn around, this personal trainer lady who was new had come in and she like switched out to a different handle and changed the weight. And I've just like, I was literally like turning around to put my hands on the handles. And I'm like, what's going on? And she's like, oh, don't worry. We're just going to work in with you. We'll be just a couple minutes. That was like, why? That comes with an ask first situation. Yeah. Yeah. But see, even that Scott, I can successfully guide you in the most ridiculing way and say it in a way that is nice and you will apologize every time. Yeah. Very good at freaky you in the most polite way you've ever seen. I've never once liked that. I wish I had that. Like looking back, I wish I had that. But I was in that mindset where like, hi, it already turned it on. You know what I mean? Yeah. So like it was going to go in the weights, but because I couldn't. And she was there instead. D-D-A-D-C came out. Wow, don't need a doubt. Okay. I feel I feel more useful about that. It wasn't that bad, but I did tell her how I felt. Did she put it back? Yeah. I can't remember how that went. But I know she was new there and she wasn't around too much longer. Oh, that was that. My set. She shouldn't have been there much longer. No. I don't think that the gym's you trained at. Your gym's, you know, that's one thing that I do find is, is interesting is when trainers do that because I'm always aware of who's using everything around me. Sure. Sure. Like literally everything. Even though I'm not going to use it, I know that the lady in pink is doing this glute blaster. You know, like I just know, I don't know why I'd pay attention. So it's weird to me that you not only did you know who it was, but you literally watched me undo it and turned my back. Yeah. And you thought I won't ask. Yeah. Just slip in here and change everything. Change the way, change the handle. Yeah. I don't even like when Nikki moves the seat of my freaking truck. Like just drive it where I sit. Figure it out. Me and you. You haven't programmed her in on the door yet. Isn't she driver number two? There should be no driver number two's in your truck. See, I have a system. I have a system. I have a system. The top one is me driving number two is the mirrors down so I can see the lines on the ground, but I park. Yeah. Nice. And then number three is mirrors in seat back. Nap. We're just taking that position. I knew that. That was there. I like it should actually say end. And so the three and number three is nap. Yeah. Yeah. So that's my seat. I'm kind of close. And so it gets darker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When does auto tint, they get darker. They James Ponds car. That is beautiful. Now everyone's looking at picking up a new Ford Explorer. Okay. I feel like I just shared something really personal. Yeah. Is your car white, by the way? Yes. I hate you. I hate driving down the road and a white explorer pulls in behind me and I like I have to question. Is that a cop? Is it not a cop? I hate going to get across my mind. I've always liked white SUVs. And and and and everyone crossed my mind and then after I got it I was like why do people drive really slow in front of me all the time? They don't do the white here anymore in Detroit. They're all black cars or browns. We do both. Okay. Yeah. I feel like in the in a proper game of cops and robbers. There should be some sort of a sign that says you're a cop. Because my big ass truck is the sign that I am a robber. Like, let's not stay here. All right. It's not fair. I don't even remember what we were talking about last week. Oh, whatever you're doing. Stocking a school. I pull in. All right. I'm not thinking I'm pulling drive and I see him. And I'm like, oh, I mean, flips. I don't even like hit the brakes. I just keep going. Yeah. Poles me already walks up. He's like, hey, Mike, what's up, man? I already had my stuff out hanging out the window. So you know why I pulled your elbows like, yeah, I was going to lay too fast. He goes 42 and 25. He goes, you know, this is schools are like, well, I'm heading to pick up a kid. So you think I know that. Because he walks away. He comes back. He's like, how long you've been here? I said, because my play trainer is on. I said, I still have both because my business and there's one of the goes, oh, cool. Yeah. Slow down. See you later. I was like, my man. Lucky. I think he was shocked. But I looked at my face. I was like, yeah, I'm very clear. I'm like, you pulled me over. I was driving like an ass. Yeah. Not that. That's that's how I talk to cops. They don't want to hear like lies and excuses. Because they know. Yeah. Yeah. But I actually, that ages since I was pulled over. But you were doing your job as well. You pulled me over. I feel you, bro. Yeah. So we did have, like I said, a critique. It was a listener critique a guy from Patreon. I'm going to see if I can pull these pictures up. He says, oh, oh, oh, if he's on Patreon, are we going to lie to him? Or are we going to be honest? We got to be truthful. He got in pretty good shape. So there is that. I just got that coming to him. I just want to make sure I knew the rules of this game. He says, hey, Scott, I'm crew. I have a question. I wanted to throw at the crew. Let's see. You guys are integral part of my body building. Wow. He says from PED radio and body building nerds radio to present. So that was like the shows we were doing in like 2015 in before the death line. That's cool. He's asking for a physique critique. He says the Tand pictures were from the Colorado Cup. 822. And then where he took the overall in body building and classic at 181. Then he says the frosty pictures, which are basically not Tand, are from North Americans a few weeks later, where I sucked down to middles. And I ended up at the bottom of first callouts for both body building and classic at 176. Looks like he works with Phil Viz. He says, visit and I plan to put on some size on my arms and legs. And then sucked down to 182 for classic in a national show to do. And the next year or two. He says, any feedback would be great. Planning on focusing on classic for my second crack at the card. Thanks a million. So here where the show is where he, this is the show where he is a little heavier. And he's going to slice, love it. Yeah, he sure is. That's a lie. That's nothing. But wait, because he gets leaner. He gets leaner. And then I didn't grab all the pictures. Here's one more. And you guys can tell me if you want me to bring anything back. I'm just going to put them all up first. And then here, check this out. This is, this is definitely leaner. This was North Americans. Yeah, he's healed. Yeah, I didn't grab all the pictures. Freaking peeled. Freaking peeled. Yes. Yes. Yeah, so he looks great in the first round, but he's definitely that next level conditioning. It's just more in the loop. We got more frost dunes. You know what it is? It's a peer. Yeah, the glutes appear harder in the frosty ones. Yeah. Yeah. So it's four pounds difference. But he's wondering what our critique is. What should he do here? I want to see the, if you had the side with the, what, what did he weigh in the, in the frosty ones? On 76. On 76. He was 181 at the other. And what can he be at the, at the National Show? What is it? 182 sucked down to 182 for classic at the National Show. He can, he can put size on. Oh, yeah. He's got room to put on size and he, here's the deal. Coming the conditioning you were frosty at 182 because I don't see that you lost anything and you're look really, I think you're looking proved. But you just went to a bigger show. I mean, simple. Yeah. You know, because he's still, like, look at his back. Look at the thickness up top. Not even the lower back. This condition like this. Just make sure, yeah, make sure you're in that condition again. Like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. So if you're, if you're year yielded muscle, the muscle will be there. Yeah. You know, just come in that condition. If you guys, if we look at that front lat or that front ab and thigh, you can still see his chest is still really full with his hands over his head in the, yeah. It's frosty. Yeah. So there's no lack of fullness there. It's just harder. So yeah. And then on muscle and get sliced like that again, and whatever you weigh, obviously, of the under one of you too. And, and that's that Christmas tree is sick. Yeah. It really is. You know, that's, you know, so is there anything specific you would say, like, you need to bring up this or you need to, oh, like prove that or, or is it just kind of, I think, or what are you guys that kind of offseason stuff. I was kind of just looking at like show, but I mean, you know, you can ever have two big arms. I mean, he just kind of needs size everywhere because he's got good flow and he's got good shape. Like, from the back, he's got good structure. He just needs to be bigger, but I'd say, you know, bring the arms up for sure. And, and everything else just come up evenly. Like, I don't know. I don't, there's nothing like even has calves, you know? There's nothing that's like, yeah. Not there. What do you think does these more? Not it, Grids. But when you're, it's, it's funny. It's a compliment when the answer is you just need more. That is, if the arms did catch me a little, so I would say that would be a focal point because I think, especially with classic having some, so I think that's something that's really helpful. So, and you got room, I mean, if you're talking about six pounds of pure muscle. Yeah, how tall is he? He's a lot taller. I don't think he said height. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he's just, just so. Yeah. If it, he can fall down to the handle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Take six pounds of hamburger and pack it on each arm and delton, get on the back and a bit on your quads and it's a lot of meat. Yeah. I think it's funny that people don't think of that when they think of adding muscle mass when they're like, oh, yeah, so I, I did this cycle and I put on 20 pounds of muscle. I'm like, no, do you be a nice 20, 20 pounds of protein? Yeah. You're putting picked up 20 pounds of steak at once. You think you dropped that on yourself in 12 weeks with all the fat trimmed off of it, too. Yeah. You were shredded steak is what landed on you in 12 weeks. Yeah. I got to actually argue with me once about that because I said a great gain. Great would be 12 pounds of pure muscle in a year. Oh, man. If you could do that, it'd be a big pound. Yeah. Pounds heavier, you know, plus. What's I said, I always just say, I always say three years is 36 pounds. Think about what 36 pounds would look like. Yeah. Real muscle. And then some guys like, I put that on in a cycle of like, oh, you have it. Yeah. Yeah. I tell everyone my first cycle. This is how I look at it. My first cycle. I went from, I think I was 225 when I started. And it was just the debaul. I've talked about it before eight weeks of debaul. And I went to like 235. So I gained about 10 pounds. And then after the cycle, I dropped down to 227. And it was at 227 for like ages, like six months. So I always say, oh, I gained two pounds of muscle on my first cycle. Right. And like that sounds so pathetic. But I mean, my bench went up like 50 pounds aside. And then, you know, it was, you know, to me, it was a week's. Yeah. There's another F bomb for you. Two. Think with. They go in pairs. I'll leave a couple in this episode. And we'll see what happens. We'll see. We're well above five for the record. Yeah. That's not a bad idea. Oh, man. David, we've got the best part was you both went to the same time. We had talked about like Jim fights and the throw on Threings through drywall is. Oh, yeah. You see Summa. Matt Marshall, who's also been to West Coast iron. He said the most memorable fight I can remember is when I was younger. A guy's girlfriend and wife showed up to surprise him at the same time. Holarity ensued. That's fantastic. Wow. That is a good one. Like they came together in the same car. No, I think they like both were like maybe it was his birthday or something. Like I'm going to surprise him at the gym. Oh, that's what I gather. You know, that's phenomenal. That's phenomenal. Yeah. I had our gym here actually. And the, the best part about the south to me. Is that the other woman is also a woman who on Instagram and everything is always posting about her happy family and all this stuff. And she's pulled Jockey in some guy that's married at the gym for months. I'm like, that's interesting. But yeah, he doesn't train there anymore, but his wife still does. And I appreciate that. I'm like that, girl. She's like, get out of my gym. That was a positive move. Oh, funny. Yeah, yeah, I was going to get the gym. Yeah, that's a good thing. You ever see that there was a thing that went out. Some, it's the same situation happened to a guy online and his girlfriend and other girlfriend. I guess like got together and they decided to punk him. They would post a picture and tag him and be, and you know, so they tag him. And he reshares it in his stories and just says, my two girls both look and great. It's like, that's genius. Doesn't back down. Just rolls it right back out of him. I feel like now what we do. Yeah. He just made a strong announcement. He doesn't get moved. You move. Freaks. Yeah. He's just ready to just abort both of them. Yeah, for starting Friday. Yeah. Me. Well, that's literally. Yeah, that's over. No, like, no, like, maybe there's no drama. If you do that, you just let this load. You know, you don't know what happened. Let me explain just nothing. Just care. That's shared. Done. Done. Street cred through the roof and neither of them ever called him again. Just clean my room. Good stuff. What else we got Scott? All right. So, oh, I have to say, I remember my story about my buddy Derek throw on the barbell through the wall. Yes. Yes. So I talked to him on Facebook. There you go. And he said when the episode began, he heard me say that little clip that you put about. Yeah, he just chucked the bar through the wall and he turned to his wife. He said, oh, I think this is about me. He just told me. He just told me. He just told me. He just told me. This is about me. This is why I'm so watched. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's amazing. And he said this. That's exactly how it happened. He said you remembered exactly how it happened. He came in, grabbed the bar, spirited through the wall, just pitched it through. And it like skidded on the floor. Yeah. Wait, did you go straight through? Yeah. He spirited through just through like a spear. I just like punched it. I didn't realize. Oh, no. It's shocking. Through it right through the wall. Yeah. Yeah. Great story ever. I love this wife. It was like, wait. Yeah. Imagine it blowing out the other side of the wall and like landing on the floor. Yeah. Imagine being on the wall. All the busted up sheet rock everywhere. Oh, that's correct. Yeah. When you said you were like, I, you know, that might not have been what happened. But that's how I remember. I thought you were saying they had to like give him an out. You know what I mean? Yeah. No, he, he, he message me is like, that's exactly what happened. So I just, I thought, I felt good about my memory at least. Yes. That's fantastic. It wasn't like, you know, a man you facture piece, you know, they're memory. I thought you knew, but you were like doing that for like, I could have been wrong. You know, maybe I was like, open. I was pretty correct. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So Ted from Patreon has some over-underers for us. And you got a couple of decent ones in there. Thanks, Ted. So Ted says, um, some over-underers for it's just body building. McDonald's breakfast is the first one. Dressed it over for me. Huge over just like disgusting. Why, yeah. Oh, it's plastic. Yeah. That's compared to their other food. How about that though? So the problem is when I've had that, because I've, I mean, in the last year, I've had that. Thinking, oh, I just got to get something we're getting on the road. It's like swallowing a brick and then driving somewhere. I mean, it just sits in your stomach. It weighs 36 pounds. It was too less saying, which is terrible. Yeah. Yeah. McDonald's breakfast is a lesson I learned a long, long time ago. And I try to live my life where I don't have to learn lessons repeatedly. You know, there's some lessons I, you know, taught myself a couple thousand times. But I try to minimize that. And McDonald's breakfast is one of the ones that I've been able to like. Now, not doing that. Yeah. Doing a choice. All right. Like I would rather like I'm, I'm into stage in my life where I would just fast. Okay. I would just go, oh, this is a challenge. I got no food except for McDonald's. Now, I'm just going to drink a liter of water. And I'm going to David Goggins this. Yeah. Right up. And I'm just going to kick into fat burning mode for three more hours to let it go. Yeah. There's a McDonald's. Then there's a, there's a gas station nearby. And I've actually been fascinated that what is in the gas station. Like if you really, if you want to eat decently, you can in a gas station. Like we're not talking about pulling out a great, like flawless meal. But there is food there that I, like you said, I could say, shape myself for the rest of my trip without swallowing a brick. So yeah. No. Yeah. And there's even like there's even things that in my mind are better alternatives. Like, for example, I've seen like in, I don't know if it's seven, 11, but in some sort of gas station where there's like roasted chicken wings. Like they're not even, you know what I mean? Yeah. And if you just tore a bunch of the meat off that and just ate that, you'd get like a bunch of actual real chicken meat. And you'd have some fat in there too, obviously, because they're not the leanest. It's not the leanest kind of meat. But you'd actually have real meat and you would know no carbs at all. Yeah. You know what I mean? So there's like that angle, like at least you're getting real chicken. You know, because it's always a thing like, is it real meat? Like, you know, that's why I don't eat that sort of stuff because most of the time it's not. But the odd time I'll notice, I'm like, oh, that's actually like a meat that's edible. You know what I mean? So I ate their twice this year McDonald's. Neither of them were, well, no, neither of them were breakfast. In the airport, I'm a way to Manchester and then in Manchester. Because then when I got there, I was like, I've never been to England before. I wonder if they were McDonald's is the same. Guess what? But the people are nicer inside. There was that. And there was a guy by the trash can who was like, here, let me take that for you, sir. There's quite an experience. There was that. That's funny, though. Yeah. I would still say over, especially for the office. Because even if you like it, you get like two sandwiches and a coffee and it's like $14. And those sandwiches are a lot smaller than if you were to buy lunch and get, you know, like, big old burger and fries. Yeah. Yeah. Number two, over underrated, C-bumps mustache and a ballic ratio. Too fast. Wow. You know this is true. Number one, it only works for Chris. Many try. And I want people to understand that when they stop it because they just look like they're trying to pretend to be cops. It's great. No good. Second thing is I think that Chris actually does that because his physique is better than all of ours. Fucking door. He's muting the wrong part and un muting the wrong part. Who rings a doorbell? Not during a podcast. Round take over. See, I'm just, I just love seeing the chaos that Dusty's house. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He loves how he was making a point and now he's interrupted. He was, yeah. He, yeah. You know, I'll say this. I'm, like he said, it only works for Chris and, and what I was going to say was, you know, it's very overrated because Chris would be Chris without it. That was my point. Yeah. But would we recognize him walking down the street? I don't know. He has to be in the offseason. We would still recognize him. Yeah. Like Clark, Clark Kent with the glasses. Yeah. You don't even know what's Superman anymore. So it was glass. Round was it you that sent us that video at the Olympia of a guy who pretended to be Chris and he put on like a fake mustache in a hoodie. Yeah, put on the car heart jacket. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he, yeah. He was walking through the Olympian people and they're like, oh man, what's all brother? And he ended up like taking pictures. He started out like, guys belt. Yeah. Like just imagine that guy's not like everyone. Everyone on his belt for real. He's got Kai Green. He's got Phil Heath. He's been carrying that belt around. I'm just building this up in my head. Like what was that belt that he signed? Like was that a belt that that guy's taken? Because I've signed the odd belt that has been taken to like every expo and has like dozens of names on it, right? That that person is really collecting. And then I've seen belts where they just they're happened to buy a belt that day at the expo and they just happened to get a few guys to sign it, right? Yeah. So there's there's a bit of a difference, but it's still that guy's belt and you're not Chris Bumsted. What do you do though? Work out there. Yeah. What do you do? Do you tell as Chris Bumsted? Do you tell him no I'm not going to sign your belt? I mean, I'm going to work now. Chris Bumsted is like, right? Right. Right. So it's like, right thing. You did the right thing. But I guess the main thing I'd have the problem with is is including that like, like, I guess what what the guy doesn't know won't hurt him. You know, he sees the video and now he's like, Crush is like, ah, I'm the, I'm the, I imagine. But he went into it with like the hood on and I think he had glasses on and he had handlers around him just he walking. He just kept walking, kept his head down, but by the end he was like, hoodie off hitting poses with people and everybody was like just like, like, name it up, taking picture and stuff. Wow. It's funny. Alright. Next one was specialty bars like track bars, Swiss bars, yoke, etc. Well, I'm going to say, I'm going to say overrated for me. But I guess if you're a power lifter, maybe they're underrated. I don't know. That one's like hard because they're not really things that I feel I need. You know what I mean? So to me, they'd be overrated. Like I never use, we have a, you know, we have a safety squat bar that I, that I would use if I squatted more, but I never really use the trap bar, Swiss bar, and I never really used anything like that. So I'd say overrated. And with you, I also think that oftentimes, they're overrated if you don't need them for what you do is what you kind of nail just now. Because I see people using like a trap bar to avoid learning how to deadlift. Yeah. You know, I really do think that that's a lot of the issues. Like you cannot sell me on the idea that a trap bar, that lift is more valuable than a deadlift. So just learn how to do it. You know, there are other bars, you know, like you said, that have their value if that's within your wheelhouse, but if your body building or physique building, unlike it's really necessary. Okay. Couple more will make them quick. BCA's by themselves. I'm going to say underrated now, because everyone now craps on them. Can I say craps? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get your laugh. Thank you. You know, I'm saying. So, you know, ten years ago, they were overrated. Now they're underrated because everyone says their garbage and they absolutely have their place. I can tell a difference when I use them. The end and everyone's like those are garbage. You should only use a, as those are kill you or whatever they say. The trend that's trying to get me, whatever. All right. And the last but not least, Chuck's for lifting. This was, this was an easy one, I think, for dusty. So it's underrated. Go ahead, Rob. We'll give you the real answer now. My answer to this is, I, I get how it's good to be aware of what's going on with your feet. And I get that it's good to understand how things work and all that stuff. But I, I think that it is one of the things that has gone way off track for how important it actually is to most people. Yeah. Some people have collapsed arches, some people have all these problems with their feet. Some people can just wear whatever shoe they want to the gym to train. You're fine. You don't need any, like, as a body person. It's coming. I'm trying not to as a body builder. I wore like, I just, I like to de-tas high tops. I used to train in basketball shoes all the time. I did a million sets of squats in basketball shoes. A million sets of leg press in a de-tas in, in, you know, converse comes, and I've would all those, like, all the high tops. And we're all that stuff trained and anything. The only thing we use to say is, you don't want to squat with, like, springy running shoes, like this stuff that has like low, you know, there's stuff that's just, yeah. This stuff that's for running, that have a real springy heel, like, the Nike shocks, And stuff, we used to always just be aware of that type of shoe. It's kind of weird to squat in because you can fill yourself moving more. But we just trained in whenever we were wearing because that was the shoe we like to wear for gym fashion. Like that was the only thought we had in our head. The whole thing about feet, literally the first memory I have in body building. Of anyone giving a shit what you were wearing for shoes was in around 2008 when Ben Bikalski started wearing vibrance. I remember that. That was the pinnacle. Like the moment when all of a sudden everyone was talking about what shoes should you wear at the gym. Up until that moment, nobody had anything really to say about it. Power lifters were chucks, but it was just kind of a thing that you're like, oh yeah, he's power lifters weren't chucks, but we didn't really talk about it. It wasn't really that big of a deal. And then the foot thing came in and all that stuff about, you know, should you have your heels, or anything under heels, should you have a totally flat foot. And then squat shoes came in, they became a thing with elevated heel. Guys are bringing in other pair of shoes just to squat in. And all that stuff. But up until like 2007, eight, nobody cared. Yeah. You did so good. They're so good. That was perfect. About not swearing. The rest of it was fine too. I could tell you one thing too many times, you know. Yeah, I felt it too. I felt it too. I felt it. I felt a little pressure. I had a little pressure. You brought it down. And I agree a million percent. And I have to say just because it's funny. The majority of anything that I do in regards to what carbs I drink or what shoes I wear is just because I like it. I buy chucks because I'm cheap with tennis shoes. And I like them. And I can have multiple pairs. So I can match my hat because I'm like a 10 year old just like you run. And that's the best. So happens to a reason behind it. Like that's it. And I'm like, oh, those are $50 and they're still cool. And I just will say some whenever you need to. Yeah. I'm also cautious of the fact that when you are 41 years old and a really cool new style comes out, you have to remind yourself, I am 41. And if I buy those shoes, I will look at a 41 year old trying to look at 25. And I am not trying to keep my old man chucks. And over here until I'm old enough to start wearing some new balance and mowing the lawn. You know, there you go. No biggie. All right. This one wasn't a question. I thought it was a good idea though. So I wanted to put it up for our audience that he says, hi, Ron, Dusty and Scott really appreciate the content. If I myself watch you guys weekly and really appreciate the humor knowledge and banter, I was thinking of a segment where you guys show someone's top set of the week. Either one of the guys or a listener submitted one. It would be entertaining and you guys could give pointers as necessary. Thank you for all the work you put in. And I'm going to tell people if they want to post something like over at the Think Big Facebook group for top set of the week and we see something good over there. And I can remember, I'd be happy to bring it into the show. That'd be cool. Yeah. I don't mind that idea. In fact, I already did something like that when we used to do our live show from the mutant office back in 2015, 16. We were streaming live over YouTube. We would do these mutant live broadcasts. We would announce them on Facebook and we'd have a bunch of people watching on Facebook. And it was like a newsroom type show. I would give an update. I would talk about our trip to the Arnold Classic. I would introduce a segment where we'd show a fan doing like set of the week. That's cool. Yeah. And then I'd get set of the week from one of the mutants. So maybe I'd message Dusty and say, hey, can you send us a set this week and I'll air it on the show? Yeah. And so we did that sort of stuff on, we used to call it mutant live. I like that. Yeah. So that was like a long time ago. But that's a cool thing that, you know, it gets people going too, because, you know? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I was thinking. People posted a set and other people come on and go, you had one more. Yeah. What about this one from Chris? He says a question for the next episode. I've been playing with the idea of opening a small gym, not opening the public just for personal clients that I train under supervision, personal training. Do you think this can work? I'm already satisfied to have more space for my home gym. So I can get in more machines for myself. And the clients would be a bonus. Of course. The good idea. What's that plan? It can work. Yeah. I know lots of people that do that for a living. They never leave their house. Yeah. The biggest thing to look at in that scenario, this is all business options is literally stop saying can it work and saying how does it work? Because you know people that have done it. So it can work. How do I make it work? Once you figure out that part, you're set. I mean, like Ron said, I know guys that literally started their home gym during the, that word I can't say that two years ago took place. Or you all can go to the gym. That's why I started. Then they, now that's their whole business. Because now they're like, oh, my clients come here. And then they're like, why would I change this? I have this gym. I don't know the house. Everyone's a winner. We're not waiting for stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's just figure it out and make it work. I mean, plus you have a gym for yourself. And if you ever want out of it, you sell the equipment. There you go. All right. How about about a question about proteins, Joe Han, who's been commenting on a lot of our stuff. Supportive listener. He says, uh, I would like to know if there's any major downside to using a protein blend post workout instead of ordinary way. I'm already using a blend to make a protein paste together with my oatmeal. And thinking of using it post workout as well, since I like the taste and consistency better. If I recall, skip mentioning something about blends on an episode of Blood Sweat and Gear, but didn't go into depth about it. Thanks. Absolutely. Like when when he says blend, what exactly does he mean? I'm taking away this case. He's seen a protein almost. Yeah. Yeah. That's completely fine. Like no worries at all. Just do your thing. That's the reason that that's brought up is because that's back. What we talked about a couple weeks ago where we saw that big pushing. You know, way right after training is a digested quicker and all that. Yeah. I keep in mind that I jammed down the, uh, like I like to eat whole foods. The majority of my day as whole foods and oftentimes post workout as whole foods. I think we overthink that. I mean, yeah, it's just not the end of the world. So yeah, if you like it better, rock it. May not your buying well, that's protein too. Yeah. All right. Jay says, um, Ron does to you. I don't know if I already read that one never mind. I hit that. Yeah. Yeah. Um, Kenneth says a question for Ron. I know you're into guitar. If the two rock gods had a drum solo challenge between Neil Pertt and John Bonham, who wins. He says too. He says also I signed up for Patreon, um, but I'm on TDI for kidney failure. Going to do surgery for the port sometime in February. Once I'm back financially, I'm going to contribute to you guys. Listen, anybody who's on kidney issues? People take one of the hospital. Please don't send any of your money to Patreon. Save your money. All of it. In fact, you know what, Patreons good for people that have that like five extra bucks that they can contribute to us. But if you need it, please don't send it. We want you to be able to eat your food and pay your medical bills first. I, sorry, Ron. I had to say that. You know what I'm saying? No, no, no, totally, totally. But we appreciate everybody who can. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, definitely. But sorry, I forgot the first question because they got. Yeah, Neil Pert. Oh, yeah, the two rock, John, John Bonham. Yeah, he was Neil Pert. I don't even know. Pert's the drummer from Rush. Oh, he's good, huh? Yeah, you see, you know, yeah. And then progressive, you know, that complicated, like all the weird timing signatures that Rush had and they were like that, you know, real Prague band, right? You know. And so Prague drummers are often the best. I mean, you know, Danny Kerry from tool. Also, I mean, you know, tools very progressive in their, their metal genre, right? So Neil Pert and John Bonham, I mean, for me, John Bonham would win that. He's, you know, to me, he was that, that classic 70s drummer, like, you know, I mean, Led Zeppelin, right? So that's, that to me, it would be what I would go with. You know, I was never a massive Rush fan, but I just really appreciate their level of musicianship and all that. And I actually appreciate Rush more and now than I've ever appreciated them. It's still just not like they're not one of my favorite bands. But like when when they used to come on, I used to actually turn this station because I didn't really like Rush. But then as I got more like appreciative of the musicians that my favorite bands keep listing, you know what I mean? Like you see, you see an interview with one of your favorite musicians and they mentioned Rush and you know, they all mentioned Rush. You're like, I should really like give Rush more of a chance. You know, so I eventually like, I can handle them now. But yeah, I just love that you know, all their names of a band you don't even really enjoy. Like, oh, well, that's the band. He was born in 1937 and then yeah, why do you know this? Well, we're Canadian too. So we know that Rush is getty Lee on the base singing. Obviously Alex life's a non-gitar and Neil Pert on the drums. We just know that. We're Canadians. It's in the DNA. That's why I don't know. So not Canadian. Thank God. I thought I was just dumb. Anyway, we just know what maple syrup comes from trees. Beaver's build dams. You know, beaver's never mind. Do you think I'm a per Rush? In that is all we had for listener questions this week. Well, that's a deal. I know, I know Dusty had a few. Can we do a few years, Dusty? Yes, I feel like I have to one minute. I have one that I have to point out. And this is possibly judgment. It's definitely judgment. But I don't care. Oh, but I got to bring it up. I got to bring it up in Ron. Don't say if you get into this one. But you've got to trigger Ron. Is that what you're saying right now? You're going to think it will. Because I think you'll understand me. I don't OK. So a pet peeve of mine with our industry is people who while their body building, let their entire life fall apart around them. Yes. Yes. Their relationships go to hell. Their job goes to hell. All these things go to hell. When I see someone post their pictures on Instagram, and their kitchen has dirty clothes on the counter. And objects, I won't say the S word, all over the freaking place. I can't even look at your physique because I'm like, your life is a disaster. And I know it's a disaster, not just because it's a disaster, because you posted that picture and thought nothing of it. Just here I am. And all I see is that you have panties on the damn countertop, a stack of them. And then I'm psychotic. So I go to your page and I scroll down and I realize that all of your pictures look that way. Six months ago, your progress pictures looked like that. Oh, and then I find out you're a trainer. And I think you can't possibly be organized enough to take my money. If that's your kitchen. OK. I'm good. I saw that two in the morning of the day. I said it to five people. I lost my mind. I was like, how do you live like this? And then I just assume that your entire life is a disaster. I'm like, would you go out of good bicep? But you're shredded. Anyway, that's the dusty. Dusty. I, I am like very, also. I'm very judgmental with certain things. And, and I, like, you know, you see those hilarious pictures of like, you know, the chick showing her ass in the mirror, but there's like a log in the toilet. Yeah. Or do you see those? Yeah. Like, it's just funny. Like, you know, awareness sort of thing that you, you notice the odd thing. And I'm like, ah, they didn't look at this picture. This is a disaster. Yeah. I don't even know that. That was my big one that was not a viewer thing, just me, you know? How do you feel about that Scott? Yeah. I, um, I don't know. I guess I guess I get it. You know, I feel like I had been on that end of things at one time. I feel like before I had worked for myself, there was like a three, four year period of time where I did not have the organization that I have now. And I'm still not great at it. But I, I feel like I would at least, if I were still in that place, I would at least pick up my panties off of the table and put them in a, in a, in a grunk. You have those, but yeah, right. Yeah. Before before I took the picture, you know, like I, I, I don't know. I feel like you should at least just move the camera over here. I don't know. I don't know. I'm all about still having a good picture, even if my life was a disaster. Having there has been you should, if you, if your life is disaster, you should still put it out there and Instagram that you've got it all together. People. For you. I do us live. It's live. It was. But it is, I mean, it's just a little bit. It's just, it really is because I'm like, I can't even, I didn't look at you. Yeah. I didn't even look at you. Um, okay. So there's a couple more that actually were really solid. This is another one that came up at the gym today. So, but I had to point it out because I want to know if it happens in your gym. Ron. Okay. So, and I, and I feel like this is back to our government's doing a great job of brainwashing. So, a very, very regular thing in our gym is for someone to get done. Go get the towel in the sanitary spray spray. Everything. Wipe it down and then leave all their weights and walk away. That's a thing, huh? And I mean, I'm not type of a one person. It happens on I'm like, listen dude, you were sitting in a t-shirt. You're not trying to harden up to sweat. I don't even care if you spray it down. But if you could just take your weights off. Yeah. If I need it sprayed, I can do that myself when I get there. Like, I don't know someone's other one. Oh, I need it clean. I really don't care. Yeah. No, leaving, I don't understand how, so you have the wear with all to know that you should clean. I mean, they're cleaning the handles of dumbbells and then leaving them on the floor. I'm like, what? Yeah, and it's the normal thing. I see it literally all the time. I've never seen that. So is that thing? I don't know. No, no. I wish everyone would get past the spraying everything. The only thing that you have to spray and wipe down is if you sweat on something. Like, you know, if you're sad, like, when. Yeah, it's it. But I mean, we have hand sanitizer. It's all over the gym. We stick your hand under them and you go like that and your hands, you know, kills everything on your hands. So you know, you shouldn't even actually have to wipe any of the handles down because you should just use hand sanitizer every once in a while and you're fine. But some people still want to wipe machines. We don't, yeah, you don't have to, you know, some people are obsessive about it. Obviously, it's courtesy things. If you sweat on something, you should wipe it down. Yeah. But, you know, some people have like a hoodie on. They're not sweating on anything. You know, like a hammer, a row or something. There's nothing to wipe. Like, I don't care. Yeah, very, very odd to me. And that's just a good question that I thought I'd ask you guys. Why does the word influencer come with a negative connotation? Well, it's, it's, it's. It's because anyone can claim it. So there's no like standard of anything. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Like there's, it's, it's not like you have to be certified as like, oh, if you're making, you know, if you're making five grand a month from your, your Instagram, you can classify yourself as classified as a, you know, significant income and call yourself an influencer. It's nothing like that. You know, there's a whole bunch of people out there that are influencers, that actually make no money at all from their social media. No, are they influencing anyone? No, are they actually influencing anything? It's all an illusion that they're creating to try to like fake it till they make it. It's, it's the ultimate example. So, and I see it everywhere. Like, hey, guys, today we're testing this product. You know, it's awesome. Blub, blah, blah, blah, and they make it sound like the company sent it to them for free. For them to do the episode. Yeah. But they bought it and just did the episode to create content and put it out there. And no one actually paid them at all. So there's a lot of that, but it, you know, if they do that sort of stuff, they can appear to align with brands. They can show off the new watch of whatever brand. And if they do it enough times, people start to like literally think that they're sponsored by that watch. Right. You know, so there's a lot of like that sort of stuff going on. And it's like, you know, if to like, you know, read between the lines and look for the actual links, you know? Which I was wondering because that question came up and simultaneously I asked a friend of mine about a property that they have up in Montana that like they do everything. You go, skeet, shoot, you can do all this kind of stuff. And they own this huge ranch. And I was like, as soon as I realized you had it, I'm like, oh, I'm in. I'm going to definitely look at dates and come, uh, become a customer yours. And he sends back to me. He says, uh, well, he goes, uh, we actually do influencer packages. So I'll say what price can start to use that word. And I literally respond back with like, oh, I love that word. It pays my bills because I stopped being a bodybuilder five years ago. And I'm still making money from bodybuilding. So I think it's funny because like the general public has decided it's a bad word. And I'm like, oh, no, no, right. Right. I love that word. It's the reason I run and I still exist. I like that. I hadn't flip up that. Yeah. You know, that's exactly right. Yeah. You know, so it was just a funny thing that happened. Lured I got that question and then he and I were texting. I'm like, oh, no, no, no. This is a good word. And I'm like, I also think it's awesome that a place like that actually does it. Because I'm like, that makes perfect sense. I mean, I could totally see the amount of content I could create there. And the fun and people would definitely be down. So it's it was an interesting piece, which I will be going and will be posting and cool. We'll be talking about it from there. So it would be pretty cool. That's cool. Yeah. Very cool. But yeah, I thought that was interesting. I got to say I remember the first time somebody called me an influencer and it was early on in the like the development of that word. It was Becky who does my or at the time was doing my deep tissue work. And she said something and she said, well, you're an influencer. She's like, that's what you do. I was like, huh, okay. I just like literally thought about it for a minute. You know, I was like, okay, I guess I kind of am an influencer. I don't see myself that way, you know, right. And we do it in a different way. I think, but I also used to tell people that I had a podcast years ago. Like, what do you do? Well, I, you know, I'm a coach in a podcaster. People are like, oh, podcaster. What's that, you know? And nowadays, if you say, oh, I'm a podcaster, then the responses, my sister has a podcast. Yeah, you know, what that's the agent that in the development of the culture. That's the way my sister has a podcast level of development. Yeah, which it's interesting. I remember in a history of photography class, there was a point in history where only people who were very rich in people who really knew what they were doing could take a photograph. It was very complicated equipment. It was very expensive. It was hard to get ahold of. And then they developed something they called the hand camera. And that was a camera that you just had a little box in your hand and you clicked it. And like all the old OG photographers, they all said at this point photography is dead dead. Because they thought this is it, you know, it's like in the hands of the normal average person. But the reality is, I mean, look at what's happened with photography since I was like in the 1910s or 20s something like that, you know, right, which yeah, so I don't know. I'm a year's, obviously dead. Yeah, the development of the hand camera and then it just blew up from there, you know, so I always think of that as a similar type thing, you know. So I have a good one that we could probably close out on so we can close the end here. Biggest mistake you made in your bodybuilding career. I know it's a tough one and I've made so many. It's very tricky. Got you five of the biggest ever. Yeah. I think I got I got just a little bit too heavy several times and it made it difficult for me to get in the type of condition that. Like there was several years where I looked really good, but I was like fuck, it wasn't quite where I wanted to be, you know, because I was in really good shapes several times, but there were also like a handful where I don't know. I don't know. Like the end result, you just want to look, can you look better at any of those shows, you know, you think there's a few I could look better at. But it is or is the regret more of like a training thing long term like I shouldn't hurt my back or something like that, you know, I don't know it's hard it's hard to say. What do you just got? I can think of a lot. But the one that I think really sticks out to me is that and this is kind of like a twofold so you know, I I moved back to Michigan and I took a blue collar job and left my life. You know, I went to school for photography left all that behind and I wanted to rethink my life and at the time that's when I got back into training and I got serious with it. And I didn't really focus on my job at all. I just took a job. I just took a job that I had gone, I'd worked it while I gone through college and then from there. The company went under, so I took another job and that's when I started working for the pop company and I just was like I'm just working my job and it allows me to do the things I want to do bodybuild and I can eat meals when I want. And that's all I cared about and I didn't think about like trying to excel at that job because I really didn't like it. But like I said, it was comfortable and so I stayed there. But so that was one problem. The other problem was I expanded so many calories doing a job that I didn't like like I got to a point where I could eat McDonald's every day on top of all my food and I still had abs like it was really, really hard for me to grow because I needed to eat so much food. And eventually it went to like adding crap food and then I screwed up my digestion and really when I look back at it, it was a job I didn't really care about. I should have taken another job that it could have been another job I didn't care about. I don't care whatever it was. But I could have done something else and been able to grow better in bodybuilding, not having to push my digestion as hard as I did. That would have probably been honestly for me, the single biggest mistake that I probably made. Nice. I'm in sense. It's too far away. You know, I could have focused on my job too, right? I cheated by letting you guys answer first so I could think longer. I figured out the during the guys answers. So the biggest mistake I made in bodybuilding was not being present along the way. I didn't start getting pictures and things like that for memories until I had air quote made it. And I wish now in hindsight I had more of the memories. But I wish I had a paper from all those times. Like for example, on Sunday, me and two of my buddies trained. So the only day we trained together every Sunday we trained legs and it feels like my entire life when I was younger. I would just meet my boys at the gym, the goal was to kill ourselves before we went home. And we're doing that now once a week. And I'm like, man, I wish I would have realized that those were some of the best times of my bodybuilding. We're just being the boys in the gym. Of all the great memories I have and shows in travel, even when you break it down, I know Ronald agree with us. Some of my greatest mutant memories around the life of Jim training. So when you realize that as the higher end of your career you rose, I had that for years. And I think a lot of people that are chasing this, whether it's the pro-card or the influencer or whatever, aren't realizing they're already in the coolest part of the process. Yeah, I ran it with your friends and love in it. Yeah, I can't believe I don't have more photos of training with the guys, like all those two years in Australia, hardly have any pictures of us even together. We take pictures at events and stuff, but it's just at the gym hardly. You know what I mean? It's just really funny. I'm lucky something we thought about. I did because it was kind of like, you know, I said, coming from my old world of photography. Coming to this. Well, not only that, but the second thing was, is like, I had a great appreciation for having found something new, you know, find something else that I could love. And I was like, I'm going to, so I have, like, I still every day I get a new Facebook memory of a video I shot training with Shelby or doing something or, you know, right. I second prep. I started documenting pictures from like the first week. And I posted a amount of message board and actually I used that to get free supplements because I was using this company supplements and I said, you know, these are the supplements I'm using. I'm posting in their message board and I said, I'm 16 weeks out. These are the supplements I'm taking. This is my diet is this is what I look like. I was a middleweight, you know, and then I got peeled and it like then ended up paying me later because they're like, hey, you're really good at this, you know, so like it turned into something. So because I had to all those pictures, you know, all along the way. Yeah. Yeah. I think people should do more of that though, though, because it is something I go back now, both of my girls love to train now, which is awesome. So I go back to the gym and the afternoon and train them. And I see these young kids in the gym that all of the old timers like us get irritated by and I don't. I just see dudes at the gym doing what they do, whether they know what they're doing or not, training hard, having fun and I'm like, man. Enjoy this because it's literally as good as it gets you just get better at it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. So soak that up as my answer for the question. That's the only that's the biggest error I have. And I actually don't have any pictures from stage when I was younger. I used to even say it like my mom would be like, are you going to buy the pictures? I'm like, no, I'm going to wait till I get better. If I have none and I'm like, right. What I would pay for the 186 pound dusty on stage, it wasn't even very good shape just to have those pictures would be awesome. Yeah. You know, so that's it. Thanks for letting me cheat off you guys. So that's it, man. Good. I thought that was okay. Well, I hope everyone really enjoyed the live interview on Wednesday. Done yet. But you guys have seen wait. Well, yeah, should be a good one. So we're looking forward to that. And yeah, do we just like share subscribe comment and ring the bell and also remember I am mutant dot com. You can make supporters of the show. Go on there. You got dusty 20 and big run 20 to get 20% off. So definitely use the code. And yeah, we appreciate you guys and and you know, last couple episodes. I really enjoyed reading the comments on YouTube as well. Yes. So I love to close up and remember questions. What are we doing? Scott questions on YouTube get priority. Yes, questions on YouTube. And if you're on Patreon, they have a thread that I put up over there too. So okay awesome nice. Okay. Thanks guys. Hard course out of the week. That'd be cool to see. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's take us up. Take us up in a few and yeah, we like the idea. Okay, remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding.