Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding Episode 84. Like, covoist, dusty hand show myself from Parlo, very happy to have you. Remember to hit like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell, all that stuff. And it's just bodybuilding. Dusty What's Up? Man, many things going on, but I have, so last night I did something you're not really used to. I planned ahead and I posted a Q&A before going to sleep and said I like 20 minutes for the show. So we have a lot of fucking questions. Oh, I'm glad, because I actually just kind of held on to a few from my previous one. And then I was given a few off the side. Then just really give a grocery store, so I just walked up my hand again, no. Yeah, this people out of nowhere, they come up to the hate for the next episode and they just give me a piece of paper. But you touch the paper because a code you have to carefully wear gloves. Yeah, I live on the edge. Add a fucking boy, me too. Well, we're living in revolutionary times. Sometimes you just have to roll the dice dusty. I agree, you know what happened the other day. I was in the grocery store. And I'm not a mask wear anywhere. And this lady in a mask put her hand up. So I stopped and I was thinking, oh, maybe she doesn't want me to walk by. Just fine, give her her space. She was high five. I'm like, okay. I'm like, why? You're not wearing a mask. You are. She was, I don't want to. I'm like, well, take it off. I like walked in the front door. Anyway, it was a funny thing. I was like, that's odd. I thought the opposite because of the mask. It's a lot of people. If that's your thing, I dig it. I actually make sure I kind of avoid people and live my little life over here six feet away. I prefer that way prior to COVID. I really want people standing six feet close to me. I feel like I can punch you in the face without moving your two clothes. That's kind of my system. You see the new. It's the new study out now. Turns out three feet enough. But just because we have a new study that proves three feet enough, we don't actually go to three feet. We just stayed six feet now. They just keep saying the same number, even though they just admitted three feet enough. You know what's classic? So I was out with trouble. They were in the past of the other business out there that's suffering. But no, no, no. It's hold on. We're good. They'll be fine. Yeah, still pay. I had a friend went to a restaurant the other day. And she made it to the reservation. And and this is double. This was prior to so Scott Seal has just changed it all. Seething is open now. You can go into a full restaurant. But this was prior to that. They go to seat them and they seat them at the table and she goes to sit down across and she goes, oh, you have to sit on the same side. She goes, what? Well these two chairs are less than six feet from that table over there. And she's like, I don't want to spend dinner with my friend next to her. We're not in a relationship. And even if we were, I prefer to sit across the table to speak to someone. They're like, you can't. I mean legally. And she's like, is anyone ever like measured? Like they come in with a tape measure to make sure. So she's like, what if I push my seat back too far and it was six feet? Now it's five and a half. Right. That's the most important thing. Right. That's the most important thing. Literally that's the so. So literally, in the funniest part is the reason they chose that business is because they had a big thing on saying that they were having problems with their suffering from COVID. Right. She was like, well, okay, well, then can we sit in that's that table over there? It's open. And I sit on either side there. They go, that table's reserved. She goes by someone with reservations. And they're like, yeah, so they reserved that table because I have reservations as well. But I didn't know we could choose the table. I can't be literally. So finally she was like, okay, well, then we're just going to leave because I'm not going to sit next to my friend. They go, okay. So they left. That was like, I can't believe your business is having problems. That's shocking. We're all living in the Twilight Zone, Dusty. Everyone's area is like a little different. And culturally has a different vibe about the whole thing too. I've seen a bunch of videos coming out of Europe. It looks like stuff's like fucking almost ready to kick off there. You know? And then you got like states where they're just having pool parties. And like if you if you go into the grocery store without a mask, nobody says anything to you. Yeah, I see here that you'd be like braided by security and it would be a big scene. Because I've seen it at this at the Safeway across the street for me. I went in there the other day and as I was going in, there was like a guy standing inside the Safeway. And there was like security talking tool. And he was saying, oh, I have a medical note. And they're like, give him a hassle about it wouldn't let him in. And there was all these people like watching. And it's just fucking, yeah. But that's what sucks. I mean, truthfully, and I know I'm going to piss people off with this because there's always people that are on both sides. But it's like, I just reached a point where I don't want to anymore. Like there's been a shit. Everyone's covered up. I go to the grocery store for the record. I used to go at five in the morning. But prior, since COVID, they open at eight, which is not convenient for me. My day is half over in the fucking morning when the store opens. So I used to go and know what was there anyways. It's not just avoid people. And I'm just over it. And I found that most people are as well. So they don't, I don't even get looks here. When I first started doing it, people looked at you like you were crazy. Now you think a little more normal. Do you think that if you went to a different state, like what would be the worst state to try to not wear a mask in the grocery store? California. California. Yeah. But I would never go there. I went to California. I could totally check up a month ago. It's a shithole now. Yeah. That becomes a ruined. Wow. Yeah. I've heard nothing good about California for like, like, what? Two years straight, three years straight now. Yeah. Well, like we, we, we, we, we want to create people there. Let's wait. We went to film there at Metro Flex. I rented a car. Matt rented the car actually. And we go to leave the place, you know, to sign out the car. And Matt rolls the window down. We're in the car. And then the lady opens the little door and goes, put your mask on and then slam it. And Matt looks at me and he's like, shh, shh. So he kind of like looks out the window. And she literally opens the door. I'm not going to talk to you to tell you wearing a mask and then closes it again. He's like, this has got to be a fucking joke. Like wearing a har. So he puts his mask on. So they come back now. She's pissed at us. And I'm like, car. Yeah. Over here by ourselves. Like, I mean, she would, she would not speak to us until, and I was like, that was beginning about trepid. I'm like, so this is California. Uh-huh. Nice. Nice. So what the thing that bothers me and I, I try not to let any of this step bother me anymore. I'm just, I try to be easy going and just roll through it. But I was riding my bike at the lacrosse box that I go to the other day. And I was all by myself in there. Right. I've got that stuff. And these two, it's huge. It's like, like, it's, I don't know if you know how big a lacrosse box that I wanted to do. If I'm getting huge. But it's like, you know, what two eye surfaces? Yeah. A hot soccer field almost. Yeah, it's a soccer field, right? It's big. And these two young girls, I don't know how young because they were pretty far away. But I'm going to guess. I mean, they were like 13, 15, maybe. They came in with Babington rackets. And they had this little net, like the super light little net. They set up on one of the little parts. And they played Babington for about 45 minutes. And they both wore their masks the entire time. And when I say it's a lacrosse box, it's outdoors. Like it's completely open. There's just a roof over it. The terrain. Yeah, but the sides are open. Yeah. Completely. Yeah, like there's a four foot. There's like penalty boxes and stuff on one side. And there's just a little wall in the other. But like it's, there's wind blowing through there. You're outdoors. It's not indoors. And they were wearing their masks. And they were, they were what? They're playing Babington. So they're what 20 feet apart the entire time. And I just thought, man, we've got a whole, like there's a whole bunch of parents that have just brainwashed the fuck out of their kids. And just poison their fucking minds with this nonsense. And they're wearing their masks outdoors, playing Babington 20 feet apart from each other. And 150 feet away from me. Yeah. It was unbelievable. And I just thought, oh fuck. I don't know. You know what it is though, is it's just that, I'm nearly wrong. Like, I don't want to be the asshole that's just that fucking guy. You know what I mean? Like, it took me a second. But I just realized like, I actually believe this. Wholeheartedly. And you can't speak it if you won't do it. And it's funny because when I just flew back from South Carolina, I was in the airport. And I was the only one not wearing a mask. And when I went up to security, I walked up, you know, where the scan and then a lady was like, give a mask, I said, yeah, I did some of my bags. You're okay, because you'll need to get on the plane. Like, oh, okay, thanks. That was it. That was the end of any conversation with anybody about it. No one gives a fuck, right? It's just the way it is. And as is always, I was by myself. By myself, away from everybody. So it was just, it was baffling to see because you could see people looking at you. And I was telling Tommy, he was texting him, I was in the Charlotte airport. I was like, I didn't feel dirty, looks. I felt like looks of like, yeah, admiration or something. I'm like, then take it off. If enough of you just stop, it'll end. Right? Like, that's the thing that's powerful. Like I think that people forget, it's like, we allow loss. We allow them. We accept them and that's that. If you don't want them, if enough people don't want something, it ends, because it has to. You know what I mean? Like, there's only so many. So it's an interesting thing. And like I said, I just blew up the comments because there's gonna be some pissed off people. Do you think? I think it was a great part was, I saw a post when they got rid of the ban or the necessity of mass in Texas. Somebody wrote, you know what's really cool about this? You can still wear one if you want to. Yeah. And I saw some footage from, someone posted some footage from Austin. They were at a pub in Austin. And like, a lot of people still had mass on. Which is great. And they were like, fucking thing. Like half the staff were still wearing them and stuff and they were like, they're now it's the way it should be. If you want to wear one, you can wear one. Yep, no doubt. You know what I mean? So. No doubt. Okay, Dusty. Oh yeah, we gotta say thanks to Will, Will the Beast. Yes. It's a good time on his podcast. That was fun. We sure did. He had some good questions. And I watched a little bit of the episode that got to finish it today. I'm a little halfway through. I just wanted to see how it turned out. I didn't know if they're gonna, I don't know if they're gonna like edit it up or not. It's pretty much just exactly what we did. I don't even see you're so much more like, I'm sure than me. I don't ever look and I don't look back, you know. But I thought it was great. You know, I actually reached out a couple of guys and said, hey, you gotta do his show. Because he has a plan. Like he put it together. He gave me plenty of shit, which I love. Like I like that he at his age immediately was like, I'm gonna fuck with this guy. Right. Yeah, yeah. I was like, a kid. Like that's, it's like the thing. I mean, you know that. If you're my friend and you're not giving me shit or vice versa, we're not friends. Yeah. Don't get it twisted. If I'm always nice to you, we are not friends. Right, right. We're associates. No, yeah, he was good. And he had some great questions. And I enjoyed his set too. Like with all the comic books, shit and stuff, it was cool. I like what he's doing. Yeah, we need to step it up. I got just the pictures that are actually on my wall. That's, I know. They're real fucking problem. I mean, no, you should see what I do to this room to get this Jay-Cottley picture over this show. Like it's actually there all the time. You know. Yeah. Could I please put a picture on? No. No. No, but I think, you know, he did. He did a good job. And he let's suck though. So he is so ahead of his time and his age. And like even he, we asked the question how did he get this role. And he was like, he basically did what I did to get Dante to work with me. He just kept emailing and asking and asking and then finally, food what I think was the first one. I was like, oh, I fucking, let's do it. Yeah. And that is so like an adult hustler move. And then to hear that, you know, that not too long ago, he was eating lunch alone at school. I'm like, you really? Yeah. Yeah. Like it shocked me. But it also like, it really reminded me. And I hope some of the parents watching this show like remind their kids not to be fucking decks. Yeah. Because that's that's done to me. And if I had a kid and I found out they were pulling that show with someone else. I would whip their ass. Like, what is wrong with you? That's why when we were talking now and I'm from the number I told them I was like, high school is not going to matter in a few years. Oh, yeah. I'm burned. Because I was like, that's just so important for people to remember like, you know, I know lots of awesome people and they're like, yeah, high school suck for me. I was like, it was like a nightmare. I'm like, wow. Yeah, you're all you. Like, no, no, no, I mean, that just seems like it's just this is so much lottery involved with how your high school experience turns out. It's fucking miserable for some, you know? Yeah, I don't know. It just odd to me because life is hard enough. Like, do you imagine just like a, even as an adult, if people were just constantly fucking with you, it's like, why? And then add in the, add in like hormones. Oh, yeah. Non sense. Yeah, just a train wreck, but I did laugh because I'm thinking of myself. Well, kid, just give it a bad another year because he's just about that age where all the kids in this class are going to start working out. Yep. And I'm going to have to tell him to make sure you put the lock on his phone because if you ever lose it, there's a lot of valuable phone numbers in that thing. Now, like, I, why does this say flex Lewis? So what if I push this? What happens? Yeah, he's going to answer. Yeah. I think it's cool what he's doing and now is happy to go on. So I wish we'll lock in a, you know, I'm going to check in with him definitely, you know, yeah, he's a rolling. I told my wanted to come back one day and he was like, yeah, it wasn't that good. He said, well, if someone cancels that give you a call. Yeah, exactly. If we're in a very last minute, what am I like on the letterman, right? I'm right. I'm down the hallways. Yeah, you're just down the hall. Yeah. It's grand. He knows you're at home doing nothing. Yeah. Exactly. I know you got to stick going on and I need you for like 20 minutes. So yeah. Okay. You want to fire a question off? Absolutely. I'm going to do my job. I have a lot of questions in myself, but I can't answer them. So we'll get to the ones that you guys asked. Let's see here. I have a lot. Okay, here we go. Boom. Sorry. I'd like so many different things going on that I had a lot of different options. I'm scrolling this. Okay, here we go. Hmm. It's a good one. I know this will lose question, but. Oh, like, I didn't. I didn't. Anyways. I got to get experience. Looses a little far. Who is the best coach for a beginner bodybuilder who wants to improve as as he can? You know what? I think the best thing for a beginner bodybuilder who wants to improve as fast as he can would be someone that's willing to train with him. I like it. Someone that's willing to train with them and stuff some food down his throat after working out, you know, like he needs a beginner who wants to get big needs a friend who knows what he's doing more than he needs. Chris is a seedle. That's a seedle. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like a guy who's, you know, four or five years older who's pretty experienced and, you know, he's had some help and he's willing to train with that guy, you know. And like, I think that's the best scenario. You know what I mean? Hmm. Yeah, that's the scenario that I think probably yields the most gains for, like, someone who's a novice or beginner getting in there and wanting to get going. Because it's it's all about training man and eating, just training and eating, like, you know, we know, we'll be getting our stuff. It's not about grams of rice. No. And, and it's not about meal timing. And it's not a post. I mean, it's not a post. But it's not about your supplements stack, your AMP, pm vitamin list. And it's not about the trainer recommending an intro workout for you of their particular, you know, favorite formula. It's just not about any of that stuff on your beginner. And when I say beginner, I'm kind of thinking of like me in high school. No, yeah, I agree. I think you know what's funny is what you're hammering on is, some of the can teach you the basics. Like when I think back, like, and I was fortunate, but when I first got into training to body build, there was a guy who I actually, it's kind of funny, but his name is Robert Ferro. And he was a big bodybuilder here in Arizona. And I used to go to the gym and just watch what he did on a Monday. And I would do that on Tuesday. Like, and then finally, like, when you're in the gym, jam and hard enough for long enough. And I had, I've always been an athlete. So I didn't need someone to teach me how to squat. I watched you squat and then I knew how. I watched you dead. Left and I knew how. I didn't need someone to like give me cues. I was kind of like, okay, that's how you do it. And then boom, it clicked. But I did finally once I'd been around long enough in hustling and he gave me a couple like nods and you know, realize that was there. I just went up to him one day and I said, hey, is there any way you could help me? Like if I needed to die it. And he was like, sure, grab maybe his paper. Like right now. So I ran up to the front office, I grabbed him a piece of paper and he wrote 10 six meals. And I remember one of them was like, you know, go to Jack in a box or place like it. Get two chicken fajita pizzas with double chicken. Have whatever sauce you like and a slice of cheesecake. Like so I had this diet on a piece of paper and I kept it in my car and I followed every day. I started gaining. And I was like, oh, and so I I'd see him and I'm like, yeah, he goes, you know, it's calorie. Just calorie. So of course, doing a problem was he's talking to him more on. So I was like, oh, calories. Well, I have three of those and I have two cheesecakes. Like, yeah, right, right, right. You know, so I kept up in the ante. But what was funny is even in hindsight when I joke about how I got fat, I got big. Yeah, I got strong. And the only thing we're going to even call it mistake was I just doubled down on what he taught me, which was like, oh, well, then if one is good to his better, right. But that was the diet the whole time. And it was so simple. And that he literally gave me that was the key to bodybuilding for me. Was that piece of paper and falling around the gym. No one said, oh, but the key is you need this supplement. Like I trained for years with nothing. Just food because I was broke. I didn't have any money anyways. I trained for years with nothing but protein powder. Yep. Like yeah, so yeah, you do in that and it's funny. And then, you know, it was kind of great because he was a great bodybuilder. And then as I evolved eventually, I coached him for his best national showing ever. So it was kind of one of the, the cross, the bridge thing down the line, you know, for the funny. But it's funny because he still will tease me because he remember I started getting fat. Like he's like, oh, fuck. This kid's taking it too far. But you nailed it. It's it's the simple stuff. It was the same when I got better and older. Time, Chris Kormier. I was in the gym just blasting at Gold's Venice one time. And he told me because he looked over and he was like, who the fuck is that? Like, because those people they go into Venice Golds for the first time and they're looking around. And like, I was just trying to kill myself. Oh, yeah. Cool, Jim. You know what I mean? And he actually walked over and he was like, hey, who are you? And I wasn't obviously anything to look at yet, but he just was like, oh, fuck. Like someone who wants to train, you know, and I am an aspiring him later as well. So I do love this industry. It's all small circle. You know, full circle stuff happens pretty regularly in this game. So yeah. I like this. I'm gonna complete control the questions. You got like five. Ooh, I guess this is one for me. Who am I? I'm so I'm going to the driest layer this weekend. Um, oh, yes, they saw for the grand opening. So what's funny is I saw the grand opening was coming. Dom who does my, uh, some of my tissue stuff. Uh, he's gonna be there main guys, you know, we talked about him last week. And he was like, oh, yeah, that's this date. And I was like, oh, I'd be fun to go to. And I have Todd, my video, I had come in in this week. So he suggests he's like, you want to buzz over to Vegas and hit that. I'm like, oh, sure. So uh, Justin D's posted because he's the GM of the gym. And I just, Matt, I just, uh, comment it. I was like, oh, cool. I'm gonna, I'm gonna come. I'll see you there. Not thinking of it. I was just gonna walk in, you know. And then next thing, you know, flex is reaching out to me. He's like, I need a picture. We're gonna post the your comment. I was like, oh, I didn't mean to make it official. But cool. I have to come. It was funny because my, I didn't know what it was. I just wanted to go. I mean, I think that's what people forget is, this is still bodybuilding. I'm like, oh, fuck a bad ass gym, a friend of mine's opening. I want to support. So I was more plan on just rolling up. That's cool. And training. But uh, who I look most forward to training with? I am really excited to train with Tommy, my training partner, because I'm bringing him. Oh, okay. Yeah, I don't, it's funny. Like, we've been doing this for so long. I mean, Jose, I'll be there. I'm sure I'll train with him as well. But I mean, it's, it those things as you know, Ron, if everybody who's going to end up training, we just kind of'll train. You know what I mean? So I kind of feel like you're training with 20 people, even if you're not doing the same shit. You know, we've had enough of those where like you'll do a speaking or arrangement. And then there's, you know, 20 guys there. It's fun. And if anything, the real fun is the fans that you don't even know that are hardcore and you get to kind of get in there. Air a little bit, push them through some sets. So the thing I can guarantee you guys is we're going to film it all. So there'll be some good footage of it all coming up with me and a bunch of real bodybuilders. So that'll be fun. That's awesome. That's awesome. I'm looking forward to the, all the evidence hitting Instagram. Well, it's edited. We added this shit. Yes, bump bump bump. No, no. Oh, you have to do this one. Okay. And then I'll do it because I hate it. How do you reset energy and receptors for the next cycle? I don't really believe in that stuff. And it never really crossed my mind. And I never really gave it a second thought. You just answered. The reason I, I said it like that. And laughed. Everybody is because that is the answer you're going to get from every pro that I know and even some of the best in the world. The amount of mental masturbation in the sport right now and in the world I think is the amount of information that's our fingertips is painful. The, you know this, Ron, like, it's like growth hormone. I always laugh at people go five days on and two days off. I'm like, why? Well, because you, why? Show me where this has been proven. Right. See, where was proven? A guy who couldn't afford seven days a week? Yes. Yes. That's exactly where it comes from. It comes from the old days where kids were like, fucking 1500 bucks each. And you'd get two kids and they'd be like, 128 IU each. And that's all you had for the whole prep. And the whole old school thinking was growth hormone is way better if you take a little bit for a long period of time than if you take a lot for a short period of time. So guys would be like, well, fuck, maybe if I just take three IU's of like real farm aggroath on days I train. And then of course, anytime you think of something like that, you can also think of a reason why it might be a good idea. Right. So then they're like, well, technically growth hormone raises insulin resistance to some degree in some individuals over some length of time. Also, maybe. So maybe the two days off the GH would be help downplay that. That's awesome. So, but it all starts with only, we know, two or four two kids. Yeah. So you can always justify something with a reason. You know, like, there's always a positive to doing something a certain way. There might be 10 negatives. Right. There's always one positive. So it's just the just the ability to find the positives in the negative that you can only for two kids to grow back that. That's all. Well, I think a lot of it's funny because Tommy and I laugh, there's a couple, um, a couple trainers in the, at muscle factory, good kids. They know just enough to be dangerous. Right. But they speak as a matter of fact and with confidence. Yeah. And I laugh because I'm like, oh, if I didn't know better, I'd believe that. But that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Right. Like, I'll over here, things. But that's how these things all come into play too. Like, well, are you wrestling, are you resetting your energy or receptors? You just unplug it from the wall and then re-plug it in. I mean, is it like a couple? Yeah. Well, all I can say to talk about, you know, actual sensitivity of androgen receptors. I mean, I do believe there is a period like, I mean, I know what it's like to come totally off and then go back on again. Yeah. So I do believe there is a point where your body's not as sensitive and you can get things to be a little bit more sensitive. But I don't, I never had a strategy for it. I just something I would notice when I'd come off or go down to crews and then go back on or something like that. You know, it's, that's all it is. And a lot of it is, I've read about androgen receptors in the brain being part of it. So that's actually something more. A lot of you see you feel that more than androgen receptors in your bicep. Right. Androgen receptors in your brain are what, you know, make you like notice that all of a sudden every girl is looking pretty good. It was six a week ago. Damn she's out now. Yeah, when I was off tested, even notice I girl was at the gym and now all of a sudden she's here. Oh, yeah, that's me. That's the red pants again. Right. So, you know, there's everyone knows what it's like to like suddenly go back on or whatever, you know, because guys go through that stuff. But I mean, there was never any strategy or thinking I could control it or think in there was, oh, if I eat a little bit more of this berry, I'll get a little bit more of this micro nutrient that'll enhance my Androgen receptivity like I just never ever thought of any of that stuff. Yeah, well, I think some of that comes back to from right now with trainers and people trying to make money. If you can make it sound like you know how to do those things, it sounds like a great thing. Right. Right. It's the secret, you know? Go ahead, you go on. Well, non guys, thanks for watching another podcast here. I think big bodybuilding media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks guys, let's get back to the program. Yeah, so one of the questions I got handed was, totally off-training topic. Do you believe in ghosts or have you ever had an experience that you might describe as supernatural? Well, I absolutely believe in ghosts. Okay. Absolutely believe in supernatural. I haven't personally had like some like, moment, but I've definitely seen enough evidence. And I actually know a few people that are not looney tones, who have shared stories with me where you're like, oh, shit. You know, and I don't know, well, I think of ghosts. I don't think of like ghost busters in the halfway visible thing. You know what I mean? I think of energy. Like something in the room. You know what I mean? And I know I'm going to set the religious people off, but that is something that I kind of see more than like, oh, I saw a cat that wasn't there. Right. You know, what about you? So I'm a pretty evidence-based scientifically-minded skeptic. Right. You know, I don't believe in God. I don't believe there's any evidence whatsoever to support any claim whatsoever about the existence of any kind of deity whatsoever. I'm just- It just means absolutely nothing to me. I-I'm very scientifically-minded. I'm, you know, the type of person that thinks the human mind is capable of creating and experiencing a whole lot of things that aren't actually happening. Right. And, you know, we obviously see this on another level when we introduce many different types of compounds, you know? I mean, if one thing's for sure, if you take 100 micrograms of LSD, you will be having an interesting afternoon. And there's no denying that. So there's- there's some stuff that happens on the brain that- and I think that that's why it goes back to my argument against religion. Is it every single religion experiences all the same stuff when it comes to, you know, feeling God and all that? That's why I don't believe in God because it's even atheists have these crazy spiritual experiences. So I'm gonna mention two things. One is I've mentioned it before, but it was a concert I went to. I went to a tool concert in 2006 and it was like the most insane experience I've ever had where you where I could see a religious person attaching the label spiritual to it. But I'm not a religious person. So I just thought it was an amazing display of feeling connected in an energy sense to thousands of people who were all connected to this music. And it was just this crazy experience. And I talked to a bunch of people that were at that concert. And there were people like balling their eyes out after the show. They were like, that was like, I don't know what happened to me there. And I was like, yeah, that was crazy concert. Like it was- it was hard to explain. But I don't believe it's super natural. I believe it's happening on the level of the brain. And it's a lot of people that are just experiencing the same chemical, like, you know, I might have smoked some weed. I might have popped a mushroom cap. I don't know what was going on in my brain. But a lot of other people have in the same thing going on. It was very, very fascinating. What do you think? And I know you probably won't go to the answer this very easily. What do you think made that happen there to so many people? I'm always curious, because I feel the same way and a lot of stuff. So it's fascinating to me when 100,000 people are in a moment. And I think it's a bunch of people felt that thing. It's again that happened. So while too full, sorry, this is off the topic of ghosts. This is just supernatural, but I go back to ghosts. I think first of all, it's tool fans. They're a special breed. Right? So, you're not going to have this emotional sort of transcended thing going on at a nickel-back concert. They might have some screaming girls throwing panties. But you don't have this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know what I mean? But some of the stuff I saw at that concert, and it was just crazy. It was like a crazy issue. I ever been to for anything that was sort of like odd like that. So, but I think it's first of all, starts with tool fans. Secondly, tool fans like to experiment with their consciousness. So, you know, again, it's not a beer drink and crowd. Right. It's a fucking eye-took-a-quarter trip at LSD, and I'm at the show now type of crowd, or hey, it's a mushrooms, or I'm high as fuck, or that's the type of crowd that goes to a tool concert. So there's that. There's a whole bunch of other elements like that that have to do with the music and the band. And then the music is like, they're not three minute pop songs. They're like these building. It's the music itself as part of that whole build build. Build create this massive thing inside your brain type of music. And I was saying, they've got 13 minute songs and stuff, right? Like you're not listening to fucking, you're not the timber late concert. And so it all kind of came together. And then the fact that they only fucking, you know, at that point, they hadn't toured for like seven years. So it was like everyone was starving for a show. So whatever. So it was just a neat night, but that was like, that was a kind of the closest thing I've had to like this sort of spiritual experience or transcendent thing going on. Where there was other people involved and we all kind of felt the same thing. And that's just why I don't believe in religion, because there was no shared religion there. It was all chemicals on the brain. You know, the sounds, the environment. It was, you know, it was very interesting. But back to ghosts. I don't think I don't believe in ghosts, but I was laugh because here is this one house I lived in. Because there was a ghost that I was I lived in. So I lived in this, yeah, like I never ever talk about this because I don't, I don't know proof, right? I'm like, however, and I'm a skeptic. So I'd be skeptical right up until the last minute, right? But I lived in this house in Australia. It was on beach road in fucking broad beach. So it was right on the beach. So like we go out the back door and the right on the sand. It was this giant beach house. It had like seven bedrooms. And there's a whole bunch of people living in it. You just rented a room and sounds terrible. Something you got a horrible time in your life. It was a blast, you know. And uh, giant shared kitchen, but most of my roommates weren't home that much, because they all like worked at the bar and served. Right. So like I'd come home. I'd get up and they'd all be gone surfing. And I'd make my breakfast. I'd go to the gym, come home from the gym. They'd be watching TV and smoking weed. And then they'd like go surfing again. Like they weren't, they were just easy. Right. And uh, had a good time. But I remember they used to say, oh, yeah, this house is haunted. Like everyone who lived there would say it was a haunted house. I'd go everyone knows this is a haunted house. And I was like, I would ever. And I remember I lived there twice for like three months each. Two little stints I lived in at house. And there'd be some times when I was like, this house is little fucking weird. Like, there was just a couple things that happened where I'm like, did that? Did I remember that correctly? You know, you don't yourself? Right. I remember just like closing doors and then coming back and they were open. And I'm like, I think I closed that door. And I'm like, I'm not like an idiot. Yeah. And then I remember like coming into the kitchen one day and like drawers, a bunch of drawers were open. And I was like, I was just in here and I'm the only one home. This is making you fucking sense. So it's just he's like, but I never ever allowed it to make me think there is actually a ghost. I always thought, I want to make roommates of us to come in and open a bunch of drawers and stuff. And I just just found with you. It's a fact. I don't know. I don't know. But there was like a whole bunch of stuff. Time is in that house. Whereas like, I'm the only one home. I love that you are such a perfect skeptic because you have soft evidence and something is up. But just like, I guess it's like the reverse of religion. You can convince yourself that now someone walked into the house randomly, looking for the forks, which they know where they are, but open 72 other drawers and then walk to out. And while there was one time, I remember I was sitting at home. I was watching TV eating or something. And I heard someone walking around upstairs. And I'm like, I think I'm the only one home. Right. So I went upstairs and I loved and there's no one upstairs. And I come back downstairs and I'm like, is it possible that there is like an animal on the roof? Going through the roof, really grounds. And I'm hearing that. And I was just like, there's just a bunch of funny things that happened at that house. But I never ever walked around and said, I lived in a haunted house. But all my roommates did. I love it because you did. You lived in a haunted house. It sounded like a step that fact. And apparently they were your friends and it pissed them off. And you didn't believe in them. The house was built in 1920. So it was like super old. So there was like, it kind of had this feel to it. Why didn't you want to? Oh, see, this is where you and I, we, we have subtle differences you and I. And I'm not going to say I'd be like, oh my god, there's a ghost. But I would definitely be like, let's research who built this house and who died in this house. Right. How many families are going to tear? But what happened in this house to make it this way? Oh, a mass suicide. Interesting. There it is. That, like, at least when I heard something up, Santa, like, Chuck, keep it down dude. Yeah, you never know heavy today. If it would have been now, I could have done some googling, right? Exactly. But at this type, the address in all these newspaper clippings from the 40s come up. You look at over here like, oh, that is Chuck. I fucking knew it. That's a size 13 shoe, just like they said. That's loud. Hey, it's his bliss. I'm glad I didn't know. Yeah, but I want to. Now, you need the address for that house. But I also want to state that, you know, we are screwed on the comment section. So far, I'm going to show. Oh, I think it's a religion we would not have not were. Matt, we just did lunatics. I want you guys to enjoy our last episode. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. YouTube is actually not going to let us release this. This is too late to say I didn't mean to offend anyone. Yeah. Remember at the end, you just say, you just say in a nice way. I was just talking about me. That's just me. I can't help who I am. That's like, that was my high school thing. I used to teach my friends. Like, I'd go fuck yourself in a nice way. In a nice way. Like, does that take some of it back? No. So how about your favorite ghost movie? What ghost movies do you like? What's a good, that's, but there are some good ghost movies. My favorite ghost movie is a six cents. That's a great one. Because listen, you know every movie where there's something common you always know because I have that brain. I just know. I always, I'm like other about sitting in a boom and I'm right and we move on. That movie I was like, wait a minute. And then you replay it in your brain and then they show you and you're like, oh shit. But because you know, all of it, the whole, I don't know a single person that ever told me, oh, I knew. Yeah, that was a thing is like the six cents, they did a great job at, you're right about them. Like people say, oh, I picked it up right away. No, no one did with that movie. But then everyone afterwards was like, how did I not? Yeah, because they, that was the buying line. You, you're like, they gave it to you the whole way. Yeah, they gave you the opening scene more than enough. That opening scene when you first meet the boy is talking to the boy. And things are happening around, but in your brain, like, oh, they're just letting them have their conversation. People are walking by. Yeah, like you said, once it's done, you're like, so they told me five minutes of the movie, the disguise was not there. Yeah, and the whole thing with his wife. Yeah. Eat and dinner, not talking and all those weird shit, like, and then after it you're like, oh, God. Yeah, that was good. You know, another one that was great that was kind of like that where you, you, you got flipped. Was, do you remember the others? It's Nicole Kidman. Oh, there it is. Yes, okay. I was a guest, but no, yes. They're living in that house. And the whole time you think they're living in a haunted house. Yeah. That was that fucking good. I liked that movie a lot. I watched that movie twice. And it got pretty good reviews, but I just, I thought it was really well done. I almost felt like that movie had it been never seen movie, like after the fact like if they made that now, it would have done better. Yeah, I know what you mean. Do you know what I'm saying? Because I really think too that one is one of those examples. That's great to us. We have a following that 90% of the people have no idea that movie is so go watch it. Yeah, go watch the others. You will not be disappointed. That's no, too. I liked it. And then of course, you know, you can't forget the cultural, cultural impact that ghost had on my generation with Demi Moore and Patrick Solting. Crazy. Yep. And who can forget the the Clay sculpting scene? Yes. Would be Goldberg. Yeah. What a what a great what a great movie. That was so funny. What year would that have been like 93 or 72? Jesus. I was really young. I was really young. So it had to be early. Like I would guess even 91. Because I was a young. But me. Yeah, might have been might have been 90. Fuck long time ago. You know, it's so great about a show like this is I can just look. Just look. One was ghost. One was good. We go home. 1990 to life 13th. They nailed it. But he 1990s. I was nine. Wow. Yeah, that's a classic. The romantic thriller. Just so you know. Was that what they call it? Yes. romantic and thriller. That's tricky. I don't really see the thriller. And it but okay. Yes. What about what about your favorite horror movie? Like you have any like ghost horror movies. Like you remember like the ring. And like all that shit that grudge. Remember they remade all those Korean movies. You know, it's crazy. So I never got into those because I more preferred the the thriller horror like saw. Right. You were more like a actual killer type of violence thing. Yeah. You know. Yeah, that those were all I remember when. So this kind of reminds me of like the the Honex store that you never knew. So I have a really like religious God fearing just the sweetest person friend. And she's like, you've got to go see saw. So I'm like, all right. It's all right. So I go see this movie. Like halfway through. I'm like this crazy bitch. Like I got to like call her like, are you serious? Are you even allowed to watch this? That's buddy. I was awesome. It was awesome. Oh, yeah. I thought they were all good. But the first one was like, you know, it's I think we've talked about this before. When I see a movie like that, I always think. So the guy who wrote this should be arrested for sure. Yeah, when they're having like, I don't like where their mind goes on their own. You know, I kind of hoped that they're like on a bunch of shit, which is really possible. I have a friend who used to own a business that made video games. Right. And they used to do a challenge, a drug test challenge, where he would do a drug test and see who could check the most boxes that worked for him. Because they were all on something. Still like he's like this makes sense. No wonder Charles is so good. That's funny. I'm sorry. I'm a liar here. I want to make sure we just finish this is our very last episode. Anyways, going to work for me. You got to be able to handle your drugs. Well, those guys, that's the, you just plug in. And that's what they would do. You come and go and you write code and you whatever the hell goes into those things. You know, he made a few hundred million. So that's cool. Not too shabby. Okay, let's get one here, Dasty. All right, let's see here. This is an easy one and I think we all have a million. Funniest Jim story. Oh, God. Funniest Jim story. Yes. I don't know how many funny things have happened. I mean, I've, I've seen, I saw a guy projectile vomit on the lake press in the middle of a set. Did he keep going? Um, no, he, he racked it. He's, so I got to give the guy credit. I think he did a couple more reps. And then he realized he realized that it was a little different than a bloody nose. It was like everywhere. Again, it is a time to stop to set. I'm impressed that he did a couple reps. Pretty sure he did a lot of stuff. I think he might have done another rep. And then I think everyone around him was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You know what I mean? Please, yeah, please clean that up. I'm going to do it too. Oh, yeah. Yeah, pretty disgusting. I remember the funniest, the one moment where like I personally lost control. So here's a question before I set this up. Have you ever absolutely lost control of yourself laughing? And not been able to stop laughing. Like you thought like, oh my God, people are starting to stare at me. I can't stop laughing. This is becoming a scene. I can't breathe very well. I'm starting to get dizzy. I might have to sit down in the middle of this. I can't breathe. I make it funny noises. My face is turning red. Have you ever had that moment? Not to that degree. But definitely when I was a kid, I used to get drugged to church. I would find things funny. I was supposed to have to stand in the cage a time. Well, I have had a couple of laughing fits in my life. Like uncontrollable can't stop. Everyone around me is like, what's wrong with them? And they're like, I always have an laughing fit. And I'm just like losing it over something. So one time I arrived at the Arnold. I got off the plane, took the taxi, got to the hotel, walked into the hotel, and I run right into the gas crew. Right. Yeah, it's like at the time it was, you know, Greg and, you know, the whole gas better body's crew back when that was, you know, the whole crew. And a bunch of the guys were there. And they had just trained at elite. Right. So they had gone out and done this crazy leg workout at elite. And they'd used the big, like press at elite, the big elite, elite, um, elite FTS1, right? Right. And uh, and they said, hey, check out our video. We went really hard and they just stuck it in my face. And they had just finished editing it. I think. And it was a clip of two of them, puking in the same garbage can. Like the one guy was puking in the garbage can. And the other guy couldn't wait and he went in. And their pukes like merging. And it was kind of splattering each other. Like they were, it was, and I just lost it. It was like the funniest. It was a long travel day of stress. You know, you almost ready, like ready to snap. Yeah. And I just saw these guys. They're all great guys too. I know all of them, right? And they're puking together. And it was just fucking hilarious to me. And I just lost it in the lobby, though, tell. I laughed for like five minutes. Everyone was like, he could be okay. It was like, they get the public like, it's not that funny. Yeah. It was as, as it pretty funny. But the sight of them, they're puked merging. Like, I'd never seen anything like it in any gym video or anything. It was just fucking killed me. See, and that's why I always tell video guys. Don't ever turn the camera off. Don't ever turn the camera off. Because like they got to blow some fucking worst. Yeah, I can think about that. Like, like, if they had been filming the first guy in the cut. And then all of a sudden, this dude charges over. And this happens, you're like, okay, we missed that. We've also won one guy, but you've no one seen two. Yeah, it was a good time. Oh, that was a good time. Yeah, I don't have any like specific stories. But I do find the gym in general to be highly entertaining. The things that just just that go on. And this is, this will show my age and how long I'm doing this. But I laugh at the difference of what it used to be to be like hardcore and in the sport versus now. Like, so when I started, and this isn't humor, but more like a change in why I laugh at our where things are, I guess. So when I started by the way, and I first hired JJ Marsh, he was like, oh, you should buy some long sleeve shirts. And I was like, what? And he goes, you can't hide huge. You have to wear a tank top, you're not big. Right, right. Like, that's just the rule. If you have to wear a tank top, people know you have muscle, you're not big. So I wore long sleeves until marketing became the thing. I would still train in long sleeve t-shirts if it wasn't for nobody wants to watch me training long sleeve t-shirts. Right. But now, when you go to the gym, it's the opposite. Like, we've got a crew that go the come into muscle factory now. And I understand, I'm not mocking it. It's just a change in the generation. So it's funny to me to see like the gym shark get up. And the girls in the perfect outfit, and they're just, I'm like, so it was, it's almost like when you see someone that puts more effort into editing their video for Instagram than the training itself. Right, I understand. So that's how I see it in the gym. And they're on there. They all look great and have great physiques and are, and are doing their thing. But those are the things that really make me laugh on the gym because I just remember like, I kind of preferred when it was a dungeon thing. Well, I think, so here's my take on that. And I got to give them credit for multitasking because when I used it and this is no knock on it at all, they're, it's just the way it is. When I used to go to the gym, I knew that the odds were 99.5% I wasn't going to run into anyone I wanted to fuck. So you might, we met. Oh, never mind, do I? Like my first, my first 10 years in the gym was I'm going to a gym where there's a bunch of other like barbarians like me. Yep. And maybe some attractive women, but most of them are probably married up and not my age because I'm a little young for my level of seriousness at that point. So it just wasn't like back in the 90s. I didn't go to the gym to pick up girls because there weren't really a lot of them at the gym. Right. That's how it was back then. But now like that's the, that's, you know, like no one saw me at the gym. There was no photo is there video. Right. Like those were taken when you go for dinner. You know? But now it's like, y'all has got to be on. They're always on. Like you're always like, you know, it's a big advertised. I mean, you're advertising your attention. Because I do, I do tell people that on the flip in the same conversation like if you're attempting to be an influencer, whatever, then you have to treat it like work. I mean, you wouldn't, it's like if I used to go when I had hair, I used to get haircuts at a high-end place in Scottsdale in the girl was always dressed classy but sexy. Yeah. Every single day, she would never show up and like swatts. She would lose money. So it's very similar. But like you said, it's just, it's different to see. But the things that really I laugh at the most now is just the implementation of useless bullshit in a gym to look different. Like, as I, I watched like, like I've said this a million times. When I used to go to gym, I didn't know what the fuck I was doing. I would just look at the guy who was where I wanted to be. And like, what's he doing? And I see what people do in the gym who are trying to become big bodybuilders. And they're 10 feet away from me and I just want to walk over and go, have you ever seen me do that? Ever. So here's a funny one. I saw a guy the other day who is laying on the floor doing those, like, cable side laterals from the low pulley. Yeah, that the double low pulley and he was doing them. And I said, uh, it's a terrible exercise. That's a terrible exercise. Right. And the person I was talking to goes, oh, I thought that was like a good angle. Like, though, they look good to me. And they go, you have a, you don't have to lay on the floor to do that. Yeah. And he's laying on the floor and I'm a germphobe who thinks of floors fucking disgusting. And I'm not laying on the floor to do side laterals. I can do side laterals in one, two, three different machines, three different cable varieties, dumbbells, fucking whatever I want. I don't have to lay on the dirty fucking floor to do side laterals. Right. So, so nice people think there's a, a read, all that must be a reason why you don't like those extra, that extra says I'm like, yeah, because he's laying on the fucking floor. I don't want to get dirty. Yeah, because there had to be a thing in the opposite. There's a reason it's good. It's, oh, he can't sway backwards or whatever. You can do those on a bench. Yeah, yeah, there's a million ways to execute the same. But yeah, and I think that that's the, the neverending search for something different. And, and it's funny, because I put it on here and Jason, my PT who, you know, I mean, you fucking know this shit like no one's business. I joked about the old sideways, one arm, hammer, strength, the press, because it's a fucking joke. They're like, I'm walking the inner pack. I'm like, no, you're shortening a range of motion tremendously. Yeah, no, and then you've lightened the weight and then, and it's funny, because he commented on, because I mocked it on one of my, uh, my Q&A's and he goes, I get a good burn from that. I go, I don't doubt that. It's fucking useless though. Right, burn doesn't mean anything. Yeah, just like, hey, doesn't mean like, no, so it was just a funny thing, because you see it all the time and I always think of myself, I've never seen a dude unless he's marketing on Instagram with a giant chest doing that. And I saw, um, I got that I know doing cross over the other day, but his body was moving a lot, right? So when he'd go into the stretch, he'd dip down and get a good stretch, and then when he contracted, stand up, right? And I, in over two of them, and I put my hand in the middle of his back, was I don't move. If dude again, again, and he did a bunch of reps, and I might, you're shooting a gun in a canoe. Right, like you're firing a gun, but the bullet is losing a bunch of power, because the canoe goes back. Right. There's only so much energy involved in this, in this process, and you want all of it to go that way into your backs, and a whole bunch of it's going that way, because your body moves. Right. And he was like, oh, and I'm like, yeah, that's why if you can't do cross over his properly, there's shitty exercise, because you need to be able to brace. You have to be able to brace. That's what makes you be able to load. So exercises where you can brace, you can load more. That's why Meadows does the Bulgarians hold onto the frame, because then your stability isn't an issue, so now you can load more. Yeah, exactly, because you know what I mean? We'll lose it on those, as the other. They're trying to balance this problem more than anything else. I'm going to take a leak, okay? Jesus, okay. Editor don't edit, talk about me, and don't care, Scott, come on, make fun of me. I'll be sure for sure. Okay, Scott, proceed with you. Just like that. You guys actually had some good ghost stories there. Oh, I'm not on the mic. You guys actually had some good ghost stories there. I was surprised by that. I was shocked at Ron, when it did not believe in God. That was like, let me go. So so far, I feel the same, but I don't say that. Yeah, we covered all the bases today to make sure that we don't get any new subscribers, I think. Maybe we will lose a few. I have to be a superstar. Actually, it was like, all right, so I've mocked the masks, told people I do whatever the fuck I want. John Ron has now publicly said, God is a joke, I'm like, oh Jesus. I'm going to put in a request to our listeners, and that is that they a message, flex Lewis, is many of them is possible to say, hey, come on Ron and Dusty show, and then that way, when you get out there, he's going to be like Dusty, I've had 30 people message me to come on your podcast. I got to do this. Plus I figured he wants to promote his gym, so we should, I would love to see him on the show. So we should get it. Oh, I'll ask him anyways, because I know he doesn't like to do them, but yeah, he does, he does. It's so funny, I had a friend actually DM me when I put up the post. Yeah, congratulations, I'm like, for what? Well, flex is Jim, I'm like, what? What do you mean congratulations? He's a friend of mine, I'm just fucking show up and I can pay you. The ear invited? Yeah, I was like, all right, yeah, like it's just funny, because if it's associated with flacks, then it's congratulations no matter what. Yeah, yeah, I'm like, that's funny. So how about congratulate Flex, the dust he's coming out? You got my ass for free. He's welcome. I'm dragon charity, shit's getting fucking very good for him all of a sudden. I'm out as if he needs more help. You ready to roll? I am ready to roll. Okay. Does that have my question or yours? What are we talking about? We were talking about. Did we go so far from the question that sometimes we're talking about those? We're done and I'm like, oh, we didn't have her actually answer that. That's we're done with go so, right? I think so. It was a great movie. This is a good one. Oh, that was the funniest Jim story that we also really didn't answer, because they were no funny. Yeah, but yeah, we tried. But we suck. If a follower saw you at the gym, would you say what's up or strictly business while you train? Oh, of course not. I'd say what's up. I mean, the whole time I was super hardcore and ultra serious, I was still nice to people. Like, I think like the shortest I ever was with someone was like, hey man, I'm just about to do a set. Can I catch you after I train? Right. Like literally putting straps on and someone doesn't realize, you know, and you're just like literally or staring at a squat bar and you're like getting zoned and then you're like, hey man, can I do? I got to just do it. Like, and to be honest, most people have always left me alone in the gym pretty pretty much. And also, I've never had like a, I've never had a bad incident where someone was like, hey, can I get a picture? And I just said no to them or anything like that and everyone's been really cool. And most little banners only take 15 seconds. Yeah. And most people time them really well and I don't really have any bad stories. No, I don't either. Actually, the only bad story I have is I would, I hope, like it sounds like such a weird thing to say. But like, I would hope people know to walk over if they want to. Yeah. Yeah. Like sure. Do. Well, like walk over. Like walk over. Do your thing. You know, it's funny. People will ask me for a picture and I literally every time like do me a favor tag me in that because I want to use it. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like that, that I want to share it or whatever it is because they created some, some content for me. I love, I love hearing it. I still find it funny. I, I forget that people I actually know ever watch a show. Like I, I see the numbers and I talk to Scott sometimes about the downloads and I know that, you know, we're getting about this many people watching and all that stuff. But I never think of that as like actual people. Right. So when someone I know is like, well, I watch your show. I was just laugh. I'm like, oh, God. Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, yes. I'm a little god thing. Sorry. Oh, no. Yeah. So it's a little bit seriously. I do like, like, I'm glad the question was asked because every one I know who is in the sport feels the same way. As long as you time it right, you're good to go. I've had a couple of guys actually really cool like when you're in the middle of something like, I don't know, heavy squatting or whatever, even though you're resting, that will literally walk or be like, hey, bro, not now. But if before you leave, can you come, you know, you make sure I get a picture of like, sure. And sometimes in that moment, yes, you're right. We're going to do that later. And sometimes I'm like, let's do it now. Right. You know what I mean? Because it just depends on what the moment is, but it's always cool when they do it that way. But I do feel shitty. It's about a couple of people message me after, oh, I saw you today at the gym, but I want to bother you and I'm like, fuck, you know, bothering me or supporting my career. Like Jesus, please, you know that someone actually listens to my show because yeah, it's funny. Yeah, it's a magic to know when you came up to us. If no one ever told us they listened to the show, would be still be doing the show? I don't know. We're remember in the beginning when we first started like we were both shocked at like, you bump into some of the store, they're like, man, I love the show. We're like three episodes deep and like, oh, thank God, people are watching. Yeah, yeah, people from the gym really helped me out. I was like, oh, I guess people wanted to listen to this. Okay, I was keep doing it, you know? Because you're right, it does make it more real when it's a person versus a click on a YouTube, where it says someone watched it and you're like, oh, you know, George watches it. Cool, you know? So that's definitely thing. But yeah, I know, I think always walk up and I don't mind answering questions, stuff too, if it's the right time. I've stayed after for 10 minutes talking to people before. Right, true. Okay. Is it my turn? Yeah, it's been your turn like the whole time you've done one. You suck. You're unprepared. So we started watching Yellowstone at a boy, that a boy, we almost, we're almost done season one. Yes, got to it. Those are long episodes where you shocked how long episodes are? Well, the first one was like almost two hours because it's like the pilot. Yeah. And there's been a couple, they're not all the same link. That's a funny thing. Yeah, like an hour and a half sometimes. Yeah. But so it's really good. It's a lot of fun and people are right. It is sons of Anarchy on a ranch. Yep. That's exactly what it is. So it made me think of this question. Oh, we got your own question. Here we go. And specifically for you. Thank you. So how many seasons deep in Yellowstone are you? Because I assume it gets more twisted. I'm actually about the same as you because of my attention span. Okay. So like I cranked for a minute and then I fell off for a bit. This is very normal for me. So would you hear it as would you rather be a cowboy on Yellowstone or a Biker on Sun's Anarchy? And I'm talking in real life to live like lifestyle. One of those bikers or one of those cowboys. Oh, man. This is so okay. So my answer is like, in the consideration how far you are from the city. Everything. Yeah. Like no, I would definitely be the biker. Okay. In in Sun's and the reason is because their business, their work is my kind of work. I don't forget that those cowboys are actually also running these giant ranches while doing all these things. I mean to give you an idea, man. I sent five pit people a picture of my truck the other day because I had an item in the bed and I was like man shit. And it was, you know, an inversion table. It was not man shit. I just was using the bed of the truck and I was excited. I was like, this is what men do. We use the bed of the truck. Right. I do not want to do any fucking work on a ranch. I don't want to live in the middle of the fucking nowhere. I talk about all the time. I was doing it's beautiful. Like I see where and I'm like, God, it would be so cool to be there. And then like an hour and a half, I'd be bored. Because, you know, when I tell someone I'm going to go to cheesecake factory, I debate if I should drive or walk because it's across the streets. Right. Right. Living the epicenter of scastas. So you know, I would be the bike or for sure plus. The one thing I like about that like Sons of Anarchy is it's a fucking business. Like sure it's drug mealing, but it's a business. And I dig it. It's protection. I dig it. It's strippers and porn. I get run that business. These are all things I'm interested in. Right. Right. Like I put up a post this morning. You're creating a solution to a problem. Right. That is a business. Okay. Okay. For sure. Okay. And how about you though? Well, I mean, I'm assuming the cowboy lifestyle gets a little more violent as we go. And a little bit more of them die and a little bit more stuff happened. So I was thinking, well, you know, knowing the death rate of Sons of Anarchy by the end of the show. You wanted to be alive? I'm wondering, yeah, like how many cowboys from season one are still around in season three, right? It's going to be one of the factors that we always have. How likely am I to get popped in the back of the head by one of my buddies? You know, so there's a little bit of that. But I can't, I can't get away from, you know, the being able to hop in my pick up and just drive to the store or go to the gym or whatever I want to do. And out in Montana living in the cowboy quarters with all the other dudes. I don't know how long I'd be able to last. I do like, you know what's funny though? The one thing that I like and it it's scary to me because it mirrors the US government is on the outside. It all looks so clean. I just heard ranch owner. Right. And the cattle. You think you think? You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, you know what the governor and that is how I think it's one thing. It's funny is that's real life. You don't make it. And I hate to say this because I don't want someone to read this wrong. When someone's at the very, very top of whatever they've stepped on some throats. Yeah. There's people that are not their friend. You know what I mean? So I find that to be a little bit of luring. Because like, I laugh when people are talking about like gangsters and shit and I'm like, oh yeah, like so you're talking about like Hillary Clinton, like a gangster. Got it. Because she's as gangster as it comes. Absolutely. You know, people die and we all know how it happened and she just smiles. Yeah. Yeah. People, there's still a disconnect where the people who think like the suits, you know, the governor, they're not, well they're saying they think they're not shaken hands with a guy who does a lot of dirty work. You know? They have one on their staff. You know, I had a friend of a DEA guy. Need someone roughed up. Need someone to understand the consequences of their decisions. Yeah. They got someone for that. You'll come and explain things to you. Yeah. Very platter. Yeah. Very politely. We need you to vote. We need you to vote a certain way on this coming up thing. Yeah. You know, we're not asking you really. We need your endorsement and we need all of your workers endorsement too. And if it doesn't happen. Yeah. Your factory might bring to the fucking ground tomorrow. Yeah. So true. They're because people don't see that. Whereas in the bikers is like, oh, it's bad dude. Right. Right. But I think, you know, what's funny is in the real world too. Some of that's twisting. Do you remember back in the day like when we were younger, people with tattoos were like rebels? They were bad news. Now my attorney has tattoos. Yeah. He is a very well-spoken. You know what I mean? It's like, it's not the same anymore. So now my, my, my, my, my, my, my cousin's husband. My cousin's husband just finished medical school. And he's a full fledged doctor now. And he has covered in tats and has a brown belt and Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Yeah. He's a bad ass. Yeah. But he's your doc checking on your car. Yeah, doing the rounds. He's good. You know, it's poking out. You know, you know. But I love that too because it's even the playing for the bit. Because like you said, it's hard to imagine back in the day that, oh, yeah, the suit might be the most dangerous man in the room. Right. The doctor is now. Yeah. Exactly. And he might, and he also knows people that he grew up with. Yeah. Don't forget that. Don't forget where people came from, right? My knees are more dangerous than anything. People with a lot of money are the most dangerous people. Of course. That's the mouth. I'm jiu, don't you know the golden rule wrong? He who has a gold makes the rules. That's the one, baby. I remember the first time that was said to me, I'm like, oh, that's the real golden rule. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. You know what, with I got to kick out of how we both answered diabetes at the same time on a Hill show. He was like, he's right. I think no one gets this right. We both, man. He's like, yeah. I don't know if he asked that question. Other people are not. So I don't know if that was supposed to be easier or not. If it was hilarious to me. But it definitely was. Okay. I got a good one for you. Thoughts on porn and it's effect on any past relationships you've had. Oh. Eh. I don't know. I think the new generation is going to be a lot more affected by porn than my generation was. How so? Well, we had access to hard core porn when we were young. Like I remember my buddy had a satellite. Right. It's back in 80s. Like the big ass satellite. Where you push the button and then it would turn. It had to move lean. Like a few minutes. It would lock onto another satellite. You'd have another fucking 500 channels and you could like watch cartoons. And oh, fucking we get WrestleMania six without paying for it. You know, like I remember those days, right? And then there was always the one satellite. You know, if the parents weren't home, you fucking put it to whatever other satellite it was. And then the channel was called. Like senior watching Debbie does Dallas. The channel was called American triple ecstasy. I remember that. And it was like, so what my buddy used to do? So this was in like grade nine. It's like 13. My buddy used to get a setup. It was a craziest setup and his parents just didn't realize. So they had the satellite hooked up to the main TV. Right. Right. But then he had a TV in his room. Right. And he hooked that TV up to the other TV. So whatever satellite the main TV was on went to his TV in his room. And he had a VCR hooked up to that TV. So he could record them. So he would get up after his parents with the bed. He would move the satellite and he would hit record on his VCR and he would go to bed. And he'd wake up in the morning and he'd have six hour tape of that channel. Whatever they happen to play. Right. So grab bag, fucking random. You don't know what you're getting. Right. And that tape sells its school for 40 bucks. This is my kind of friend. How rich is this guy right now? Because I already see his brain. I don't know. But I, I think he did pretty good. No, I started out. I guarantee it because that's a fucking business mine. I'm like, I'm so proud of him right now. I don't even know him. Yeah. So like, a bunch of kids at school had like a random tape of porn. And it was like full on like, you know, hard core. What we would say is like full on porn now. Because back then, there used to be like playboy. Wasn't considered hardcore right? Cause they didn't show any like that to that to that. Right. You know, so it was like the full on stuff. So it's pretty funny. You know, 80s hair and you know, get the back comb bangs. And he's not just talking about on their head. No, no, yeah. Yeah, exactly. You know, it's a full moth's back then. Good time. So we had porn. But you had to go through a lot of work to get it. And you had to like go through a lot. Yeah, to be patient to watch it. It would like no one was home. You know, like it was as different. And now I mean, there's some pretty interesting studies. Now about kids being just so overloaded with it. So easily, just so fucking freely on their phone that it is having some real detrimental effects regarding their ability to like form relationships and their expectations. Like, imagine having sex for the first time in your 14. And you think sex is fucking what you've seen on the life. I'm going to fucking the ass and come all over your face. I mean, this is what we do, right? Put it in your mouth while you're at it. Like fuck, like it's just, it's just, you know, like I'm glad that that's not what I, you know, I'd seen a lot of porn by the time I had sex. But I was smart enough to know that that wasn't real sex. This isn't how it's going to be right in the beginning. You know, it's just, but I'm not sure. And that that's the difference. It's smart enough to know the difference, right? Right. Or, or, or where enough to know the difference. And I think that it, that they're saying now that there's so much of it that that's being eroded. Right. So, then what is supposed to be normal? Yeah. Like, like, day, yeah. What about the relationships side that he brought up in the question? Yeah. Um, I've never had a relationship where porn was a problem or an issue or like, it was, it was always a, a fun thing that could, uh, may or may not be watched occasionally. I was, I thought you're going to say produced, but I guess that's my life. It's always been a free topic, you know, you're proud to say. So what genre is deal like? Who's your favorite? A lot's dusty. I had lost you. You were frozen. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. So, no, but I think it's the same. I mean, I know what someone's thinking, but I guess what's weird um, for me in particular is I'm, I'm extremely open book about all things and apparently, you know, I know you guys are shocked, but Ron also is. So, I don't think any woman that's ever met me is shocked by anything that I would say or do. Um, so you're not going to have a girl who's anti, what I call fun, um, rolling up on me and wanting to go to dinner. Yeah, and Emily and I have all, obviously everyone already knows this, but Emily and I have obviously been to the AV and awards like five times, which is a great January Vegas excuse, by the way, but um, but yeah, but that's, that's just like, I mean, when you meet the porn stars and you listen to like, like we've talked to many of them, they're just, it's funny, like even they know it's not real sex. Yeah, it's what's the thing? I mean, you know, because I know enough people in the industry that we have conversations where it's funny because people think it's so bad and they're like, I'm just going to work more to the other. If they've got a good business sense, they actually have a business plan, but they approach their porn with when they start and that's why a tender lust is a multimillionaire and then a lot of them are scratched out because they made $2,000 to the nastiest thing you've ever seen. Yeah, you know, it's like, you have to have a plan just like any other business and the problem with the porn industry is anyone can get in essentially, but there's only the just like, you know, it's funny it's just like every industry, 5% of the people make 90% of the money. Yep, every industry is the same. So, you know, to answer the question, I've never had that issue either, but I think the key with anything in relationship is no one has communication skills. Like, you should sit down in a relationship when it's starting to go somewhere and discuss a lot of shit that no one wants to touch. Like, if you want five children, I want none. We have to, I have to, we have initially year 7, you know, if you're a huge churchgoer and I don't believe or whatever, we have another issue. Well, it's a double issue if we both want kids and we have a different stance on that. I mean, people don't communicate and then they're shocked and I'm always amazed. It's kind of like when I see somebody that like proposed in the woman said, no, I'm like, what, what, you're fucking blinds? I don't like, I've been married twice. We all knew I, they told me what ring to buy essentially. Right. You just rolled up on the chick with a ring and she didn't know like, what? Yeah, yeah. I see that and I don't feel bad for you. I'm like, fuck, you guys didn't speak. Yeah, that was terrible. Yeah, I know. I gave a couple of those on Instagram. Yeah, and you're like, what? I've never even asked someone out that I didn't know the answer was going to be yes. Like, blows my mind. I mean, you do a little fucking recon kids and the same thing with these things, because it does matter, just like sex matters. Like, if you are a once a week, light soft kind of chick, our relationship doesn't matter how good everything else is, this isn't a work. Right. Right. And you know, so it should be a topic. You know, very interesting people's looks there. Do you got, you got more because I got tons, but I just don't want to steal your shell here, buddy. Oh, that one hurts my soul. What's the worst quality in a roommate? Let me think about myself. So I can fear out why people would hate to live with me. Oh, them, my bad. No, for me, it's, I mean, the quality is lack of consideration in general. Right. Because that covers so many things. But example, so I've only ever had one roommate that was not someone that lived with me in my room. And I realized literally, in that time, I couldn't do it. Because I'm wired differently. Like, you left your dishes in the sink. What? Yeah. Or we had, when I first got married, my wife and I had a three-bedroom with our best friends, Guy and a girl. They would go to Costco on Sunday and fill the freezer for the week with their food, which meant there was no freezer. Grus at all. Yeah. And that meant nothing to them. And I'm like, but I want to put this one little thing in the freezer and there's no space. And you don't see an issue. You know, I mean, just basic stuff like that. So lack of consideration covers pretty much everything for me. You know, yeah, that's being a pig. That's, you know, not paying on times a million things. But in hindsight, it's to be on to, I would, it's funny because you've had a lot of good experiences in that scenario. I'm way too stuck in my ways. A roommate doesn't work. Yeah. Never work. I, I, it's funny because Emily and I joked about that too. She was like, what would you do if I was gone? And as I never live with anybody ever again. That's awesome. Because, you know, like, so I remember the evolution of my tolerance. Like, when I was living in that beach house, the haunted one. Yeah. Right. Um, I was living with like, there was like seven of us in that fucking room in that house. And like the odd person would switch out, like, you know, all of a sudden Dave's gone and there's a guy named Greg in that room and they're like, oh, hey, Greg, good morning. Because there was one person who had contact with the landlord and had kind of control of the house. Right. And everyone else was a stand. There's like, we had no say who is there. So like I'd come up in the kitchen and be some dude there. I didn't know. I'd be like, oh, my name's Ben. I just moved in. Like, oh, hey, Ben. I'm going up. So there was like a level of just sort of wild randomness to living there. They had to put up with. So if I got up in the morning and the kitchen was dirty, I would just do my best to, you know, cook my breakfast and get ready and I might clean up the kitchen and just be a good roommate and think, oh, well, that's my contribution to the house and, you know, I'm helping everyone and I just put up with it because I knew it was short term and I knew there was, you know, I'm leaving all my fucking shit on the counter, my blender, my George Forman Grill and my fucking giant tub of protein and, you know, whatever. But as I got older, you know, the, the, the, the how things must be done definitely changes especially when your name's on the lease. So, you know, and then I lived with my best friend, which was fine, like we were great together for years and years. But I occasionally go to someone's house and you're like, holy fuck, how do they live with their kitchen like that? Right. You know, the kitchen is a big one, man. Like, that's, thanks God to be fucking anti. Yeah. And I don't want to see shit on the counter and, yeah, kitchen and bathroom got to be clean, relatively clean at least, you know, decently. Yeah. But I would lose my mind living with someone now. I'm so fixed in my ways and so much older and I just be like, that doesn't fucking go there. You know, I always, I always do those are right way or wrong way in the way I do it. Yeah. And you know, which one needs to be followed. Yeah. In fact, I think like my temptation is to, it's to, I'm often tempted to strip things down to the point where someone might think there's something wrong with me. I, someone might come over to my house and go, there's not enough stuff here. Yeah. Do you just move in? Yeah. Six years ago. Yeah. Like, there's, there's, there's not even enough chairs to have a guest. Right here by design by design. You know what I mean? So that's, that's where I'm at on that. Yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't, I think too. What's funny is I actually think the opposite direction too. Like, I would be difficult to live with because of that. Yeah. That would make, yeah. I mean, that's a thing. I'm saving someone else the fucking nightmare of living with. Yeah. Yeah. If you left a bowl in the sink, your answer be it's one bowl. I'm going to get one bowl. So hurry up, clean it up. Right. Like, yeah. Good. It won't take long. Get that done. It's a must here. Okay. Go ahead. Oh, geez. I don't know. I don't know. I guess. I'm a bar. Look at that. When you coming up, Australia doesn't matter. Oh, I think this is a good one because it's something that we've touched on briefly. So I have talked multiple times now about how the study on EAAs versus Branch chains kind of bugs me. Okay. Because we've essentially deemed Branch chains as complete shit and no one should ever take them. And my argument is how has everyone forgotten the way they feel and the changes they felt while on Branch chains for all those years because a piece of paper told them that they're garbage. So the kids question is, you mentioned, you know, it's a change in your physique with Branch chains. What do you mean by that? I don't actually mean the way it looks, but I'm going to let you kind of roll with that for a second. Then I'll kick back into the rest of my hands. I just said there. What did you see with Branch chains and what do you feel about now that there's a study basically saying you should throw them away? So I remember specifically one incident. I was living in Australia and I was getting free supplements because both my buddies worked for a company. And so I was getting big tub of BCA's, you know, big tubs of creatine, that sort of stuff. Glue to mean all that stuff. So they just told me back then this was the 90s. So they just said, hey, take a big scoop of BCA's and a big scoop of glue to mean before you train and then a big scoop after you train of each. Right. I don't know. Looking back, it was probably 20 to 30 total grams of each. And I remember specifically more than once I would do it for like a few weeks and I would get stronger and I would have. I remember my incline press was like my big marker. Yeah, for the whole fucking existing, my whole reason for being alive was my training and my incline press stuff. I remember that phase. Yeah. And I remember it fucking was going up and I was like fuck yeah. And I remember that was the only thing I added was I was just doing like these amino's around the workout. And again, like who knows a placebo effect or whatever. But that was the first time I ever seriously used like 30 grams of BCA's around my workout. Right. You know what I mean? And the glue to mean and the creatine and I was just loading everything. And everything just went wide taken creatine for ever. But I'm just saying taking everything. And I just remember thinking like I noticed that and then I like ran out. And then I forgot about it. Like we always do. And then I was like I'm going to get some more of that and I did it again and everything like went fucking was going better. And I was like fuck. And I was like the first time I really took BCA's. I was like you know what? So yeah, now we get a study saying that they can make you fat. And you know the valley and actually make you fat. Isn't that the study says? Yeah, there's a million like I mean I should say million. But how much valley is in a pound of state? Yeah, there's so many points on it. And I think that it's kind of back to it. The reason I wanted to touch on that is back to what you said is about you can find a way to justify what is being said or what you want to believe if you're staring at it long enough. Right. And so my argument with this and the twist I want to take with with this is don't ignore what you're seeing in yourself because something is written. Because I took branchings and we won the few supplements that when they first started taking them is back with like extend existed and all those. I used them all the time. And I remember I'd start fading my workout and I just slammed like six ounces of it real quick. And I could keep going. And in general my workouts were better and I just always had them. Then you have a study come out and now everyone's like don't even bother and I'm like we've all been using them for so long. How do you ignore that? And I feel the same way in the opposite direction like to me. As you've said and we've said a million times it all comes back to training. So if my training is at its peak that's what that's how I judge every marker. You know what I'm saying? If my training is at its peak it but eating is at its peak that's what matters to me and the results will take care of themselves around that. So it's the same in reverse people like you've you've got a love de-ball you've got a love and a draw it's that's amazing it killed my appetite. Right. Or I didn't feel good literally internally so my training suffered. I don't give a shit how great that's supposed to be. If I can't eat and I can't train it's doing more detriment than positive for me so I can throw it out. Right. It's the same in the opposite direction with the brand change and that's the answer to the question segment I can't ignore that. So what did I do? I take both. So I now take yeah it's and brand change. Right. Good to go. Everything's covered. Everything's locked in and fortunate. I mean literally coincidental but condemned to my sponsor their intra EA is both. And it kind of made me laugh because I was like not many companies are doing that especially like a lot of them immediately just unless they were a top company making brand change a lot of it pulled out of the game completely because like oh the market's saying. Yeah. Because all three BCAs are in the EAA list so they jack those ones up a little bit more as what you're saying. Yeah so they've got a heavy dose of both. Yeah so my clients a lot of my clients I'll put you know basic intra information in their program depending on the client and I'm like hey I think it's a good idea to take some EAAs and a lot of them message back I quite don't have EAAs can use BCAs I'm like oh yeah if you can find it completely I just am not the type of guy who tells someone to buy like $300 with the supplements on the first month. Yeah you know so I just write one EAAs and if they have one BCAs it can use those and I use I use EAAs or BCAs at both of my cupboard. I usually take EAAs because I like the new flavors but but I like the idea of having a meenows in your blood stream and I'm not gonna fucking lean on someone because I can use BCAs I'm like of course fuck. So and you know I see all these people in Instagram saying valine makes you fat and I'm just like I I've been inside out shredded using that shit. Yeah I've been inside out shredded using that stuff every day and how again like I said if if taken five grams of valine makes you fat well how much valine is in a pound of steak. Right because I need to pound a steak all time. Yep. So it's it's it's like that. I think it's important that we that you realize when you're hearing these things is who's saying it and I'm not calling them a liar because the study exists but there's an angle like you know my my buddy Joe Donley he's one of the ones that really goes on about EAAs and brand change and I'm like well which one does he make? Right he sells an EAA. You know why don't you ask a Ford salesman what do you think about the Chevy in comparison? Right you know and they have attributes you know what I'm saying and another one too. Yeah yeah I get what you're saying. Another thing too is if you do ask the Ford salesman about the Chevy the Ford salesman you should trust is the one that says you know what Chevy's pretty good. It's got thisnessness I like this and I like this I think we do this better. Yeah The guy that says I'd say she had it sucks. Especially when you've got again years of proof right happy drivers right that are still driving so I think that's the that's the key barrier there so yeah that's my argument on those so again I'm not anti EAAs I just don't like that in our world nowadays we want to throw away things we've seen that we've done and guys who lived and died by them and saw the results I go fuck these are garbage and they will speak it and I'm like it's kind of like when you if you gain weight during a prep and you just ignore the fact that the pictures look better right so really matter what you like you know I mean Chris used to tell me all the time I I'm awesome getting shredded and I suck at losing weight. Your frozen I can throw this up again dusty geez I just said the same thing but so right you're still frozen frozen right at the right at the last minute there I'm waiting there you go you're back you're back you're freezing every time I freeze so when you say that you're frozen on my screen that's funny it's what we do we're frozen together so any who that's the the majority of my really well time and true I have a million questions but guys I will finish answering these on my Instagram because last time I didn't and I took some heat I left the thing up and then I had some investor like you didn't answer single one I was like oh I was so I was so I was yeah those were the those were for the show so I now I have to answer these 700 questions before the twink project I had to skip a week with that because I just didn't have time yeah until that was the I made the I mean I did I made the mistake I put it up for the show and I get more response that way if I leave it up just as a Q&A but I always go back and do them and I was so slammed I didn't and I felt bad to like fuck like people take the time to ask the question and I don't even answer one I feel like such a dick and I didn't mean to do it that way but then it got worse so I had like five people they're like you didn't do the Q&A is like fuck I know I know what stuff okay well we've been almost two hours buddy yeah sir I gotta go get beat up again I'm doing doing more the stretching routine and the the X-Wife is what the big rollers call that he beats the shit I knew it so we have to I have to ask you one thing before we go because I didn't catch up on it what's going on with Kai it doesn't it appears to be the same shit dude and it's a little frustrating like they're they're back to hinting that it's having a conversation with Dan almost like possibly for the Olympia right and I love Kai I mean I am one of his biggest fans I wish that all those times ago he would have kept at it but I'm sick of it like if you wanted to the Olympia then fucking show up right and do it don't I don't even like do not not do it don't hint at you might it's it's not even like cute anymore dude you competed in like 2014 or something right and I'm not saying he's not capable but here's the thing that I think in regards to it I see Kai a lot like I see Connor McGregor right now he doesn't need it anymore it's not in his soul he's not fighting for his life I do not think that we will see the Kai we used to see when he was broken needed this right so so do you believe he's gonna get on stage again no okay I don't at all because because why would he and it frustrates me to see them going back and forth with Kai when Sean Roden is dying to get back on the stage and we're letting the la galley bullshit keep him off the stage in a country where innocent self-proven guilty yeah like like this man is losing his career I mean it's gonna end at some point I mean he's not going on the hearsay essentially and I don't and I don't get me wrong I mean I do not take the allegations lightly but there's no reason for me to believe they're accurate and this guy's career is ending let it roll put him up there make him sign a thing it says all the money comes back or whatever if he's convicted I don't know but he shouldn't lose his career while he's dying to get in and everyone knows if you told Sean Roden you have to qualify which would be dumb because I don't miss your life here but you have to qualify and then you can do the Olympia I promise he's doing both right he's getting ready now he's been ready for two years since this all happened I mean I was in Canada when when this went down so for me it's it's very frustrating to see them flirting around with it when I'm like oh well you got a guy right over here that's fucking ready to go and he doesn't need to think about it well from my point of you the longer this stretches out the more bullshit it probably is yeah like listen someone is me right now when something major happens and there's hard evidence and good proof it doesn't do this drag on for two fucking years exactly exactly so to let it roll and they made them a snake so ready so to me get him back in plus it's it's I hate to say but it's such old news there's people who have no idea why Sean Roden's not competing yeah it's crazy they don't even know because it's not talked about anymore it's all in legal bullshit and the same with Kai like I'm sorry and I guess that I'm a huge fan of Kai and I miss seeing him and I love that he took a stand and said fuck you and didn't compete for while because he didn't need to but I'm over it you know it'd be like me if I if every year I said I'm gonna compete this year and I don't the few people who actually care to see me compete would stop lying to hear about it right this is a doer to don't situation you've never teedered on the idea of competing when you're getting ready to do nationals it wasn't I'm thinking I'm doing yeah yeah it was yeah because I yeah you can't you can't maybe do bodybuilding no that's the thing I mean even the off-action you're in yeah so I don't it's funny I saw the thing I did a brief because I knew we would cover it I dug it just a hair well I was just annoyed because it's a publicity stunt and it's okay like he's not going to compete and if he does great but I still don't need to see it I need to see it compete I'll care when you walk out from behind the curtain right when you're at the press conference I'll be back oh okay you did it and then I'm excited now I want to see what he's been doing you know okay okay see I didn't even click on it because I thought I'm just gonna ask Dusty on the show there you go and you knew I would come through that's amazing that took a good idea does a lot sing on my list all right I gotta give one more quick thing for a transcend company dot com and the reason that that is I got a lot of feedback from last show about bringing up a legal and healthy way to get on HRT and and these types of things so guys just remember if you want to check out transcend company dot com and Dusty 20 will just knock $20 off of your purchase other than that forget about me you're set up the doctors will take care of you we had a lot of good feedback of guys that had the same issue where there were not even bodybuilders just guys wanting to get their hormones right and either couldn't afford it legally right or do you know how so I'm stoked to hear we're getting that that reviews or check them out and you will not be disappointed one more thing I know we gotta get off did you know Andrew's home in it all did you know Andy I did gotta say I knew Andy a little bit I spent some time with him at the Toronto Pro one year we we like sat together at the night show and we joked around backstage and he was a great guy I was had nothing but love for Andy Hamon I all ever knew him as was just a great friendly guy that would come up and say hi to me and and it's too bad I I I did hear what happened sort of so it wasn't it wasn't just somebody who related to sort of speak like that as he had um some give you a test you get it or goes to store I don't know third time okay so sorry go again oh I said I said yes not it wasn't bodybuilding related per se the way people might think yeah yeah so I heard that he towards tries to pohwala go and it was healed but it was given in problems and then it like somehow started swelling up and he went out and it looked at and they were like oh it's infected somehow and they opened the opening of that day yeah they opened them up that day and then he had a blood clot that night yeah like short thereafter broke loose and they they think it was instant and he had an incident previously a few years ago with a blood clot as well yeah and getting to the hospital on time and that situation probably this is me guessing so please don't quote me but probably went to his long or something which gave him time to get in they put him on blood thinners for like 10 days and he was good to go an assumption and I have to say it's 10 times an assumption is if this one went straight to his heart that's why it was more or less instant okay um so yeah that it's terrible to hear and Andy the reason I knew him is he used to him he and his family is wife used to come down and Scott still and stay for a while so he trained at my gym or he was just super nice guy strong as strong as fall fuck yeah he was a super man dad that's how I was thought to Andy because he always talked about his kids every time I saw him too we had to arm you like he it was funny I used to lie on a teasing because that like a big like van van like a cargo van because that's somebody kids they literally needed like a church van at a whole ocotine you know so really cool to see and you know it was it's terrible to see him go out like that but you know what was nice for the first time ever something like that happened and I didn't see a lot of assumptions of drugs and health that I think enough people knew Andy had enough respect from to say oh I wonder what happened instead of the immediate guessing yeah yeah I know it's too bad so we just you know want to send our condolences out because I did know Andy a little bit and yeah so tragic take care of yourselves boys and girls no doubt you never know what's gonna when the ride's gonna end so enjoy what you're here yeah that's what take my baby aspirin every day okay okay everybody remember we'll be back next week like share subscribe comment hit the bell blah blah thanks again dusty but out remember everybody it's just body building