Once up everybody, welcome to episode 88 if it's just bodybuilding. I'm here with Dusty Han Chum, myself big round part low and today we're going to go through Instagram questions like normal. Talk about our exciting lives and be in meatheads. The big came back and I felt much better. I threw it in there just to see if you'd notice. Of course I fucking noticed. It just didn't work for me last time. I actually thought I'd delete and I never watched the episode just because of that. Not that I watched any of the other ones either but this one was because of that. So we got to do the like share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. We got to do that. We appreciate everyone so I'll put the little graphic up to remind you. So I thought I'd do something funny just because I could think of one and I thought there's probably a few. So we're episode 88. So I looked up famous athletes to wear the number 88. Air Glendrous. Air Glendrous was the one that came to mind because we're a hockey guys. Yes. Can you name anyone else that wore an 88 in any other sport like a big famous player? Try it. No, he was eight. I don't know. No. So Michael Irving. There was y'all. I was close. Yeah, you were seeing a team. Right team right there. Hey, Mara, too. Wasn't he thrown to us? Yes. Yes. And Tony Gonzalez and safety from the Steelers. So when they got that one. Oh, no, he's a tight end. Sorry. He's a tight end. 12-time pro bowler. Yeah. Sorry. How do you have mixed up with Paula Malu? Yes. Yeah. So number 80. Of that. Great air commercials. Great air commercials. They both could have done hair commercials. Spentastic. So how you been doing? Fentabulous. It's been busy. I finally started my, today's day one of my plan with Jordan. It's really nice. It's nice to hand over the wheel, man. I'm like looking at a piece of paper. No, but when I saw him, every time I talked to him, I feel like you're just, you're just, I'm done my first day. But this is mine with someone else. Yes. And he's fucking killing me with, you know, 100 grams of pineapple looks like. It's like four bites. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I was so sad. I was thinking, I had to finally, I need you to smaller plate and you're the fuck some of my pictures. Well, what's he throw it in? Because it could help with digestion. It's just doing with meals. I think because, I mean, we don't, you know me. Like, I don't even ask questions about the scotch. Yeah. I told him the beginning. I don't, I don't have a huge appetite. And I have eaten six meals in a day and fuck, I don't know two years. So I just told him that. So I have a feeling I've got fruit in every meal. We'll not every meal, but quite a few. So it's really about the volume down. So the nice bass particular meal was just 100 grams of rice on cooked. And then that in the 100 grams of pineapple for carbs. So it's easy to not down. What is 100 grams of rice on cooked turn into? About 200. Oh, okay. So what do you call that for carbs? What in that be you? 60 something. Right. Okay. Yeah. We're on the same page with that. Yeah. So it's good. It's funny. I had a lot of people ask why would hire someone that it's this exactly. Because there's no thinking. There's no alterations. I spent the money and I'm a cheap bastard. So I'm going to follow this shit now. And yeah, that's it. It is nice to not have to do the thinking. Yeah. I mean, I've already worked Jordan. So it's, I'm, you know, there'll be a few things I'm sure I'll grab from this, but primarily, I've kind of seen what he does. I like to hire people as you know, I've hired a ton of people and I work with him for a month or two just to see what they do. And then there's my little education and move on. But this will be, we did six months. I prepaid six months. Gonna go try to be able to at least 1806 pounds can be monstrous. What, what he'll weigh right now. Are you three hundred? No, I was two 92 this morning. So okay, so you're 300 at night with pizza. Yeah, which I had, which is funny. So that pizza last night for my final horror. Oh, there you go. I think good, no, just don't want to suck. Okay. Okay. So same also we have to cover this because you know, I got inundated. Good word. Apparently, Jay Coller will also whore out himself for birthday wishes. Have a good workout. Whatever people really wanted me to know this. Now, I'm stunned, I'm saddened, but then I thought of something. I didn't know about this. So maybe he doesn't push it out there too hard. Because for example, Ron, that was telling Scott this, like I don't sell dirty socks or posing trunks. But if you want to reach out and ask me for the creepy shit, I'm not fucking selling to you like sure. You know, woman in the shore, fuck it. I'm a horror. Let's do this. But I don't have like a spot on my website. I just do these dirty socks. But I mean, you want to ask me 25 bucks. Sure, done. You really, really not a fan of this concept at all, are you? No, that's why I went with dirty socks and underwear as a comparison. Yes. You want to listen to why, though? Oh, listen, people will buy it. So why wouldn't you sell it? I understand. But this is how I look at it. Hey, Ron, will you wish me happy birthday really quick? Sure, happy birthday. Oh, my God, it means so much to me that you said that. That's exactly what's happened. You're paying someone. So I guess what it would be is if I hire J to wish you happy birthday, I'm saying happy birthday to you, Ron. But I'm not nearly special enough. So I'm going to let someone you give a fuck about, say it for me. Huh, I'm finding this fascinating. So the Ronnie thing, I wasn't nearly as bothered by it as you were. I thought it was surprising. Yeah. I thought it was more expensive than it was surprising. I was like, oh, that's $300. I like these are a small fee. I thought it was pretty good money. $300 a lot of fucking money. So then I thought, oh, maybe that's just how it works. And then I thought maybe I'm just so like jaded about all this. I don't know. And then, you know, J's doing it. But what's he charging 75? That's what I heard. I haven't actually seen it. But yeah. Because I mean, I like, yeah, I don't know. I mean, maybe it's just because I'm sort of surprised that there's a market is maybe what catches me off guard. Yeah, I'm stunned. There's a market. I mean, I get that it's, I guess it's a thing. Yeah, I mean, if it's a thing and people do it, people, but I understand. But I don't know. Like, I had somebody on my Q&A, last week I wish I might have heard them. Like, fuck yeah, done. I don't know. At no point in my life, am I going to think that my happy birthday should come with a fee of 75 to $300. What if maybe J's getting like 100 people a day asking for them, though? It's like, oh, well, this is just maybe. Yeah, and maybe he is. I mean, knowing Jay, it's probably printing money on the deal. I just, you know, Liz is everyone's got their own things. And I just, I guess what it is is at some point, I feel like the cool thing about violence we are, you can't read just verses. I always say like, you know, you're not reaching out and getting, you know, Brian Erlocker to shoot you a quick taxter answer your Q&A fast. So I think it's just in my brain. I guess I just, I don't view fame like normal people do on any level. Like Jay is a cool guy to me. He wants my lamp is got a cool job. You know what I mean? So it's just, it's so hard for me to fathom that, but I guess, I mean, I guess people buy a baseball cards, I don't fucking know. It's just a week comparison to me. It's really hard for me to understand. But again, I like money. And if there's a market for it and you've got to spend 36 seconds saying, happy birthday to me 75 bucks. Okay. I mean, I guess, yeah. You know, but I think I could, I could have can do it for topless for probably 100. And now we're getting into my kind of fame. Right. Right. Yeah. As I have seen those videos available. See, and Jay was in his underwear for his career, she went without them in hers. Right. Right. There we go. Something to think about. Everyone, when you're thinking, well, you want to wish your child to have birthday. Kind of the last one. So here's, I have a question that that begs itself now. Yes. You raise your cup and it's not a quad espresso with to change. No change. No change, dude. What do you drink in? This is a salted caramel nitro cold brew with two splendor. So what's all is that whipped cream on top? But the fuck is all that foam? They put foam on the top. And then they put my splendor on it. So when it comes through, I get hits of splendor. Crazingous. What's that? Eight dollars? Five something. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. No, whenever something was smart. You're upset. That J's make it 75 bucks. And you're spending, probably almost six bucks on it. I'm supporting people rich. Democrats. Oh, Dusty. You know what? They even try to make me wear a mask in there. So I have to them bring it out to me instead. I, I, I, the mask stuff. Man, everyone's just so over it. It's funny though, like, you know, I'm around people. I'm around a lot of people that, they're like, yeah, I just wear it because I have to, because we have to do this. They'll dance right now. Like that's what 90% of people that I engage with seem to say. They're like, yeah, I guess we got to wear these masks for now, but you know, whatever. I can't wait to not wear it. But then when you go online and you read the comments on some of the stuff. Oh, yeah. And you read what like the insane mask for life or type people, say, yeah. That's when I'm like, wow. Like there's people out there like this. And, and it's, it's, it really, they really bother me. I think they're mentally ill. Oh yeah. And I'm not talking, I'm not talking to someone who thinks it's a good idea to wear a mask on a pack train. That's not what I mean. I think you're talking about the people that are losing their mind on my videos and when the best buy alone. Yeah, they're, they're losing their mind. Like I saw someone, there was an article about gems in the, on one of the new sites. Right. And there was a picture of like a 70 year old man doing incline dumbbell flies. And he had a mask on. Everyone in the photo had a mask on. But his mask was like half like half off like, it was like blocking half of his nostrils. It wasn't like down here, you know? Yeah. And the comments were 50% of the fucking comments were. His mask isn't even on properly. Right. Like that gems unsafe. I can't believe so much is shut that gym down. That picture was taken. That's evidence of them not following. Oh, right. Right. Like there's people on their commenting like that. And I'm just like you people, you people are deranged. Fucking deranged. And so now I have this little battle in my head. When I see someone who's outside with a mask on, like walking on the sidewalk by themselves. Yeah, you're a kid you. And like I'm talking isolated. Yeah. Like there's bike pass all by my house and shit. So you're driving and you see people walking completely alone. You know, wearing their mask? I think okay, don't get like I try not to get fucking angry. Because I think you fucking psycho. You brainwashed psycho. But then the other half of me goes, maybe they're just really busy and they forgot they had it on. And they just walked up the store. And they're on their phone because they're like in a hurry. And they just forgot they had it on. You know what I mean? So I'm trying not to let it bother me. But fuck, like this, yeah, it's really weird. But I don't seem to find none of them seem to ever engage me. I don't think many are going to engage you in general. I actually got, I got paraded going into AJs one time by a lady. As I was walking in, she was like, not even wearing a mask during a goddamn pandemic. And I was like, are you talking to me? Obviously you're not wearing a mask. I go, oh, all right, well talk off have a good day. Like it blew my mind. I was like, your blood pressure went that high. Maybe you go that high when you yelled at me. That's like so. So I want to, yeah, I want to be clear. Like it's, it's not healthy for a baby. Us to be so angry at one another in a multitude of ways. Like we are right now. Over here. And that's what I don't care what people do with them. Like I'm going to do your fucking rock and mask. And where I'm not saying, yeah, I'm also not even saying that I'm right. Because I don't want to be angry. Right. Yeah, I'm not like, I'm not like arguing for my, I'm like, I don't want to be angry. I don't, like, you know what I mean? So it's, it's a really weird situation right now. But yeah, we, we got to, fuck, we got to get back to normal soon. I just prefer the same way I look at my Instagram. This is just how I do it. I got to tell, I remind people when they jump on and scream at me for my training or my eating being wrong, I'm like, where did I try to sign you up? Right. What I do or my program or oh, no, where? Yeah, because this is just a little intro into my life. And right, if I'm doing a dead ass wrong, that's okay. You can know that in your head and right, the fuck along. Yes. I agree. Oh, yeah. Very interesting. So I know you got a lot of good questions. Why don't they go to a lot of questions for sure. You got a lot of questions. OK. I want to be specific. I have to look to the side if I think they're good. But of course, they are. Might be, but actually, we've had some interesting questions. So I'm going to say, let's see. And I did it early, dude. So there's going to be a lot. Yeah. There's a lot. Let's see. Jesus open. Is I can go first? Please do. Here's a good one. Now there might not be one, but if there is or more than one, tell us about one. Have you ever wanted to quit bodybuilding? Just walk away from it. No. But my know is bodybuilding. I'm not somebody who thinks you have to compete to be a bodybuilder. Right. So no, I have not. But I definitely have gotten sick. It's kind of similar to the conversation we're just having of the industry and of the sport of bodybuilding. I think the amount of ass kissing that goes on in the ranks is fucking embarrassing. I'm blown away at the amount of people, for example, and I'm sure if I gave a fuck, this would get me in trouble. Tyler Manning has a birthday. Okay? Every asshole that hears about it, posts about it. He don't know you. Stop kissing ass. You look at a fucking moron. That's telling us. Is that like a real example? Yeah. It's awesome. You don't know that. That's terrible. This is Jim Manion's or J.M. Manion's son. He's the vice president of NBC. And one of the head judge's all approach shows. But my point is, I was like, I was like, you guys actually think that he's like taking note of that and making sure like, oh, dusty handshot. However, the reason I don't do well in bodybuilding, which type of Manion fucking happened birthday, is something that was a wide waste. Right. I find that part. So that part of the sport. Yes. The competitive side, I have trouble really caring about. But by myself, no, I will buy it on some level until I'm dead. Right. Sure. In my head, you still buy it. You follow a guy. Yeah, I still go and you train. I have some complaints for figuring it more. You know? People who aren't like, egg whites for breakfast, you pretty much said, so bodybuilding. You did what? You know what I mean? No, no, it's, I agree with you. So I thought long and hard as I kind of think there's ever been a time I've even considered like from day one to when I officially finish competing, there was not a single break mentally in there of not wanting to do it. Right. Do you know what I mean? I had, I had some like, you know, had a couple of shows where I was so disappointed with not winning. That I was like, fuck, I don't know if I can do this anymore. But it was all competing related. It wasn't like I didn't want to train or anything like that. So yeah, I don't know. It's kind of interesting. And maybe that's a requirement to do it as long as I did. You can't have second thoughts. You can't be constantly, you know, but I don't know about this, you know, that sort of thing. You know what I mean? But I think you actually enjoy bodybuilding. Oh yeah. I didn't say enjoyed. I said enjoy. Oh yeah. That's why you keep rolling. You know what I mean? And it's the same like, when I think of stopping competing, I don't think of quitting bodybuilding. Just stopped competing. Like, I didn't make an active decision to not compete for a few years. I just didn't. It wasn't like the driving force anymore. And that was it. You know what I mean? Like, there will never be a day of an announcement of retirement. Like, I'm not the extra Jackson. It only gives a shit. You better remember why I won. My one buddy. He wrote this guy that I know he wrote like a retirement post. And then like his training partner came on and he's like, you never turned pro. You can't retire from something that you didn't turn pro at. He's like, is this the hobby? And then she had a pro card. Is this the hobby? He was like, bugging him. He's into a perfect. Yeah, because that made it funny because we, we as a group do that. And it's fine. I'm never used to do what they want. But it's like, could you imagine if I was like playing, you know, softball every year? And I just put the peli like, hey, guys, it's time to walk away from the game. I'm gonna hang him out. You know, it's just time. I have like a picture of my glove that I throw in the trash. This is a pro. You're like, you're like, you're like, you're all with your wife. Get your wife to take a picture of you walking away from the outfield. Like holding your glove from behind. It's just your number. The sun setting and the, you know, and I mean, like, field of dreams. It's that field of dream shot. Walking away from the game. It's just to know. Why do you just can't take it anymore? It's very similar, right? I mean, I know that people like don't get it. But it's like, that's how I look at even myself to be honest. You're like, the day that I like decide not to compete anymore. It's not like you put up an announcement that you were retiring from competing. You're just like, I've had people now that like, when's wrong? I'm going to compete next to my dude ever. Follow us. Even like, all that. Also, there's like, I think sometimes people taking too seriously, because I do use the word retired, but I sort of always feel whenever I type it. I always feel like I'm sort of making fun of myself. For using it, like it's kind of funny to me. And then I know some people that'll talk to me really serious. Like, oh, how was your, how do we need retired from bodybuilding? I'm like, I should have just got busy. We opened a jam and I was like, fuck that. I'm really happy to sit right now. You know, my leg was still fucking hurt. We're busy opening it running into a jam and thought, oh, shit, you know, life goes on. You know, that's kind of more what happened. But yeah, it wasn't like I had this like night where I sat down and cracked it the bottle of whiskey. Like had a little talk with myself about the future. You know? Wait, it's quite a racket. It's time. It's time. Oh my God. Oh, oh. Okay. We're going to ask this in both directions. Because obviously, I never put up that these are for the show because I get better questions and then I answer them on the show and then I also answer them on my own. So the question is, what is the favorite thing that you've learned about Ron from the podcast? From the podcast. This is tough because I have to remember like, I only people understand. I did you know a lot of a lot of a lot of the fucked up stuff from personal. Yeah. I mean, I mean, it's it's not a thing I learned from the podcast. What's definitely highlighted on the podcast is that I truly believe that you might know more information about everything than anyone I've ever known. You know, there's there's there's people Ron and this there's a difference. I have to satisfy this because you don't you wouldn't understand this. But sometimes you'll talk to someone and it's like, they have something to say about everything, but they don't know shit. Right. You actually, you're like, oh, yeah, I was reading in the 1926 journal of medicine. I'm like, why were you reading that? Nothing. I mean, I don't know how to that fucking happy. So yes, I find that that's fascinating because I'm an expert in like seven things. Right. But if you add an eighth thing, I'm like, huh? Right. No, I've never read about no like, jeopardy or whatever those fucking games are. Well, who wants to be a millionaire? Like the first question I've like, I call Ron. Like, seriously, it's we're asking you your favorite color. I'm like, and I'd call Ron. I'm not certain if it's red or black. Well, I appreciate that. And then I've always had this like horrible fear of being the person that someone turns to when they need that. And I can't help you. You asked the one fucking question. I don't know. So I used to be really good at trivial pursuits as a kid. So like when I was like 12, 13 years old, I would sit with my parents and all the adults because they'd have like all the farmers over for dinner and they'd all be drinking rum. And they'd play a big game at trivial pursuits like eight people, ten people, you know. And I would always wind up on somebody's team and like, I was pretty good team eight. I was gonna say in the beginning they're like, fuck, we got the thing. I mean, they did stuff I did, stuff I didn't know, but as like a kid, it'd be some stuff I'd rip on, you know. Like a science question that come up and I'd fucking nail it and everyone would be like, Oh, Lee shit, you know, I remember that. You know, it's pretty funny. I remember, I just had me get drinks. My favorite trivial pursuit memory is actually I was actually at an ex-girlfriends house. We were really, really close friends, but, you know, we had dated previously, but we're really close friends. And I didn't have anywhere to go for Christmas that year. Right. Because it's like just a weird year, my family wasn't really needing on Christmas, you know. And so she's like, well, come over to my, my dad's house or whatever. I'm like, oh, okay, cool. So I go over there. Family feeds me big turkey dinner, we're playing trivial pursuit. And I think it's like, you know, guys versus girls or something, right? And I'd had a couple of hockey pops, right? And I probably smoke some weed with her because we're big stoners at the time. And so, you know, I'm feeling pretty good. And I'm loose. I'm cracking jokes. I got the adults laughing, right? I'm about, I'm about 24 years old at this point. Okay. I got people laugh and I'm like, you know, I'm having fun. I'm trying to make her regret not dating me. Nice. I'm just kidding. I'm just like it. So anyways, we go to win the game. Right. We need to pink pie to win the game. And we land on the thing to win. And I say, go on for the pink pie, story in my life. And run in the dad of the end. And she just looks at me. This is great. It's totally, I would say. And I realized that it was my outside voice that said it. Because I was in your mind. It just came out, like just proof. It was like, oh, flock. And it was funny because I have to people kind of laughed. And then half of the old adults were just like silent. Fucking comes up. Pink's entertainment. Right. Star Trek question. Get the fuck out. Star Trek question. Yes. What is the nickname of the doctor on the original Star Trek bones? We win. I'm the champ. I looked so fucking good. Anyway, that's all I think. By the way, I just want to throw that out there. Don't forget to think pie, story in my life. My god, that's great. I just like to see the awkwardness of half of the room. Yeah, you know what adults are like? You know what? Do we not? Pretty funny. We're doing this situation. Good stuff. You're up. Okay. I don't know how I got to that story. This is what we do. This episode already doesn't make any sense to me. This is how we make it like four questions and two hours every. So sometimes all I do is I pulled the episode just to like, you know, and and I'll look at the timestamps because I quite often can't remember. Right. Time stamps are like, you know, I'm like, oh, yeah. And then ever once while we get an episode of timestamps are like, tie hookers. Best tie widened. We've been 40, five minutes on tie hookers. Best volume for high percher fee. And then the next question. Crack. And then the next like, and I'm like, how do any of these coding together? Like some of the topics we've flowed this disaster. Yes. Okay. So that was, yeah, isn't it your turn? I mean, I'm going to get someone that turns right now. I ask you the thing I learned about you from the podcast. Oh, so now I have to say something about you that I learned from the podcast. That's a short lived one. But go ahead. Um, you learned I had a new drink. I learned that you secretly travel. I do. I knew. I'm always on the move. But it's not like Canada. We don't travel for $7,000 to go across the country. Yeah. I mean, 50 bucks and a, you know, stick a gun. You're good to go. You travel a lot and you don't put it on Instagram. Yeah, you know, I have a, I have a very, don't always put it up. No. Or if I do, people will catch a different gym. I'll tag the gym, but I won't even say it on the town. That's, that's half the time the only way I know that you're, and then I'm not sure, is that a throwback? Yeah, I just filmed that last week. You got to look, you know what I think you've got going for? You know, I've got markers of tattoos that help people. They're like, you fucking liar. Shoulder shoulder tattoos not there. Right. And another thing too that I got to give you credit for, because it's like a trait that I like. Is, um, it's very obvious that you have a really hard time with like, fakeness. Yo, yes. You really bothers you. Which is good. You know, and I'm not talking fakeness like you like nice watches and stuff. That's not the same. Talking like this stuff that you're a Sam like, you know, doing things just to get in with people and, or it's sort of stuff. Really bothers you. That's an Aussie eating situation, which is very common. You know, I had, you know, it's funny. It's on the similar subject, when I got into bodybuilding, and I started getting myself in the game, Dante told me, he said, listen, this industry, people will use your face as a stepstool if they can. And I was like, eh, you know, glasses have full situation. I'm like, yeah, it's not how it is. Yep, that is how it is. Right. You know, and I think that's why maybe some of the fans don't realize why there's such close this amongst some of us, because the core group, if you see me with someone, they're not one of those people. Right. Not to me or anyone else, you know what I mean? It's cool because the range of who those people are is pretty lengthy, but definitely something I know won't be below. And I'm like, hey, if you got like thin skin, or it's going to hurt your feelings that people fuck you over, probably should do something else with your time. It's funny. And I don't know why this came up, but I'm just going to blur it out. This reminds me that I was just talking to Rob Bailey last week. I haven't chatted with Rob for a while. You know, and it's sort of, it's sort of chat about, you know, fake people and bullshit and stuff. Just remind of me like, of a real, every time I talk to Rob, he's one of those, he's one of those fucking, he does not give a fuck. Go. You know, at all. Like, it's, it's, it's refreshing, and it, Rob, Rob's an example of what can happen in your life when you just focus on you. Right. And I don't mean that he hasn't, like helped people out and done all sorts of great shit for people. No, you know, everyone's like, worried about other people's business. He doesn't give a fuck. All that time that you might spend, like the average person spends thinking about, with this person thinks, that person thinks or this person did that. I can't believe they would, he wouldn't, he just, you know what I mean? He wouldn't spend a second of time thinking about your bullshit. No, but isn't it funny to you? It is to me that so many people look up to people like him for being real, but then they're not. They don't recognize that that's one of the things they have to do. It's like that. Yeah. And whatever that is, because at the end of the day, it's so tight, but it's very true is, you're you, no matter what that is. So just own that shit. And the people who are around you will be the right ones, the people who are turned off by it. That's fine. Yeah. You know, I don't keep score. I can't imagine, if you have a strong personality, people are not going to like you. People are also going to like you. But, you know, you're definitely not going to be that person that everyone's like, oh, that does the answer. It's a good dude. Like, nah. You get no good 50, 50. He saw, he saw one of my bike vids. Right. And like we haven't chatted in a while. And he message being, he's like, how the fuck did I miss this? Because it, but imagine that. Like, so you've been doing this for so long. And he's thinking Ron, like, like, and all of a sudden he's like, wait, was that actually wrong on the bike? Yeah, it's just funny. He's like, if I can miss this, and he's so chatted. But yeah, just, you know, I had a moment about you yesterday actually coming into my condo. I'm pulling up. And it's kind of funny. But I live in a, people here I wouldn't, to have money. Well, you live in an affluent city to begin. Yeah, like whole city, yeah, yeah, like my zip codes, averaging come in silly. Yeah. So the reason I'm pointing that out is I'm pulling up. And I see this dude on the back of his decked out range, putting his bike like yours on there. And I'm like, so I pull up. I stopped. I'm like, fucking, I got to know. I'm like, hey, that flat land bike, he was, yeah. I go, cool. I don't know shit about it. But my friend does. I can't, he kind of like, like, like, oh, that's pretty much. I was like, what you do is like, no, I'm going to turn him like, also odd. Okay, see you later. That's what I'm about to be a view because I'm like, in a turning, that's in your, you know, mid 30s, strapping your, you know, 2000, our bike to the back of your 80, 2000, our truck to go somewhere to ride your bike. I was just like, I probably would never notice that with not to you, but I could see that it was like, very similar to your bike. I'm like, that's probably expensive fucking bike. That's funny because I was riding in a parking lot. I was riding in a parking lot. I did, I found a new parking lot by the gym. I saw that. It's like, pre-mode was not raining, but it's like pre-mode. So, because it's industrial. So there's no traffic after five because everyone's closed. Right. So it's just a parking lot. Yeah, from five pm to sundown. And sundown is going down to like nine o'clock here. So it's pretty good. So anyways, I'm riding and, um, this police car drives by and like loops around and comes in. And, and the, and it just so happened, I actually pulled off a pretty cool trick right is there. Pulling up. So then I like circled around and I just sat on my bike and he rolled his window down and he goes, and he goes, and he looks and here's, I got my brand new truck is sitting there. Right. Got the back end open, music blasting. Right. And I'm sitting on my bike and he goes, you just hanging out. And I go, yeah, and he kind of like, you could tell he had to do the math. He's like, as like 40. He also very large men. A brand new truck and he's got a little bike. He was like, just a fight could just see that he was just like, I'm just gonna leave. He goes, okay, I'm just drove away. But it was just funny that it's watching him do the math in his head. Oh yeah. I mean, it's probably similar to what I just, I think it was just funny because you ever noticed like, for example, when you bought, when you bought your truck, you start saying explorers everywhere. Yeah, that's a funny egg. So I know. So that's what happens with the bike. Like, I want to driven that bike a hundred times, but I know, I have to ask questions. I don't have any idea what I'm asking, but I had to. Even as I stop, I was like, why am I stopping? I fucking here we go. It's a podcast with me. He's like that fucking meathead from the third floor as a real moron. He's funny. He asked me about my bike and he didn't know shit about it. Hey, what's going on guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudel, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcast. Thanks guys. Let's get back to the program. Oh, Here's that easy one. You think it's you think it's sorry, when people write poor they have a hard time. Do you think it's able to lose muscle for not training for a week? Or is it just mind-fuckery? A possible lose muscle. That must be what it means. Right. So a week off the jam or a forced week off or has to go to work over time for a whole week and can't train or something. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I mean, if that goes in the category of like, if there's nothing you can do about it, you just stick to your diet and just, you'll just get back in the gym in a week and you'll be fine. And you can't worry about muscle loss or anything. It's, I remember I read something about 10 days being the actual length of time it takes to begin detraining. I remember there was like an interesting thing that I read once. Who's like science article and it was like, you know, muscle fullness is one thing, right? But to actually start detraining. Right. So really starts at 10 days. You know, it might start earlier for some people, etc. But when you start actually detraining, that's about 10 days. So, you know, it wouldn't worry. Right. You know, I have a big thing that you know, of also is if you can't control it, wouldn't worry anyways. I tell my clients all the time with something's weird. We've found that into life happens and we just keep moving. Yeah. So I tell them, the whole client's I have that have kids. Yeah. I've got a little time. I fell down the stairs. Yeah. Don't. Yeah. You just have to deal with shit, you know. I know what it is. Yeah. Okay. Here's a good one. Have you triumphed over any insecurities in the past that you can think of? I don't know if I would call it. So I didn't. I was trying to figure out the word. Something that bothered me was when my hair fell out, which was starting to fall, which is for the record was going to happen anyways. My mother's dad was bald. It bothered me because it was when I shaved it right away. I got one of those people was like, I didn't fight it. I'm like, I'm fucking going bald. I could shave it. But I would wear hat all the time because I didn't like it. If my hair started to grow at all, it was a very blatant spot because you got dark hair. Yeah. And it's like boom back in my head that I hated. So I just, I mean, literally even if I went to a nice restaurant, I wore a nice hat. Like right. It was something that bothered me and no one else gives a fuck. You know what I mean? But it just bugged me. But then I had my head tattooed and now it doesn't bother me at all. I had that micro pigmentation, which just means tattooed. And now it doesn't bother me. But no, it's funny that I still always primarily wear hats anyhow. But that is the only thing in my entire life that I can absolutely say, bugged me. Like actually was something I was self conscious about, which is I love because I always think about that. When somebody tells me something that's there's self-conscious about it. I laugh. I'm like, no one cares. So I know the same in reverse. But yeah, I wouldn't really say I triumphed over. But I just fixed it the best way I could. You know, and I have people ask all the time that know that they're like, Oh, will you eventually get like hair and plans or something like that? And like, well, now I'm not gonna go that far. I care, but not that much. Right. Right. I know what you mean. Ha. That's a good one. You know, I think a lot of guys have that one. You know, a lot of guys have that hair thing at some point. Yeah, I'm just glad the Bruce Willis made it cool to not to be bald. Yeah, it's funny. I never. Like I was had thick hair and I kept my hair right up like I never had to shave my head until I was like 39 or 40. Right. But even then it wasn't like I had to. I still kind of like had spiked your hair or whatever. Yeah, I just didn't. Yeah. It was just thin and back, you know. But it never really bothered me. Like I never really gave a fuck. Right. So I don't. I'm in a day's gonna come because I I remember shaving my head when I was like 21. Right. And and and and I remember people saying to me, this probably went helped. I remember people saying, Oh, you look good bald. If you ever after shave your head. Right. You know that you look good bald. So I guess I just that just they never had the the worry. You know, right. Let's see those anti steroid posters hanging up and like the the wreck centers. That stopped your hair will fall out. Hair will fall out and I like. Yeah. I had somebody asked me that the one time, too. They were like, if you knew your hair would be like, if you knew your hair was going to fall out, would you do this on? Yes. Yeah. I like I didn't say it like it ruined my fucking life. I just said, Oh, it's all right. Yeah. And it might just sped up really. That's the one thing I think is also a benefit. I'm like, no, let's go any other way. I just did it faster. Plus I've been 29 for a decade now. So, you know, whatever is going to happen. Twenty seven to the younger age for me. Yes. Yes. I would say, I mean, I've had a lot of little ones. Like, you know, bodybuilding, the bodybuilding industry is pretty good at like generating insecurities in people because, you know, it's like such a high expectation for everything because it's so staged and prepared, especially the magazine era, you know? Right. Yeah. I remember always being really self conscious of how white I was. Like, I remember from like the get go like, I remember people be like, wow, you're really pale. Like people use a word pale and it makes you sound like ill. Like if you say, so you're really white, right? Like if someone says, oh, you're really white. I'm like, yeah, I'm white super white, British Irish Scottish. We're really fucking white. Right. But if they go, oh, you're really pale. I'm like pale, mother fucker. I don't have any iron deficiencies. I'm not pale. I guess any date time. I love to get specific about the word. What it means is the same, but the word pale is I'm not sick. Right. It's like a word you would use, you know, it's like a word you would use to describe like, oh, you know, he was homeless. He was very pale. You know, like. No, I get it's like, it's it's it's it's funny, but Tommy, my training partner is leaning down for a show and one of my clients is in town and she was in town in his offseason. And she goes, man, you're looking skinny and I'm like, I took a deep breath. You know, he did him and he cried and it was a right. Yeah, yeah, the tears, the tears all that tears. I looked at her and I go, you can't say skinny. Yeah, that's not a word we use, especially at 230 pounds. Yeah, I know. I, I, yeah, I've always been white. People that I was holding their arms up like, you know, you hold your arm next to someone they'd be like, oh, fuck. They're like, like, it's very big. People always do that. And my, and also too, like, my forearms get plenty of sun. So they're actually hand compared to the rest of me. Yeah, then they think that's why you're like, Thank you. Well, I remember I would wear shorts once in a while when I was a kid and people were like, why are your legs so white? And I remember just like, bothered me. I'm like, fuck, why can't I tan like normal kids? And I can never tan like, I would just turn red and peel. You'll then wait again. Right? And then pen and then. And then you know when I, I remember in 2013 when I, I had some skin cancers removed off my back. I don't know if I told that story. I did that. Yeah. Yeah. So when I had those removed and she's like, okay, well, you can never tan again. I remember just being like, oh, what the fuck? I never could tan before anyways. I did work for me. Yeah, I'm just so now I'm just super white. And then every once in a while, like mutant called me, you know, like a couple weeks ago, and they're like, hey, we need some shots. You know, those pictures, pictures you saw that you liked. Yeah. Yeah. So I went and got like a quick, realistic tan. You know, where you just tan in the booth, like you're running. Yes. You know, I love that thing. And I almost need to get two canisters because after one canister, I feel like I miss spots. But, but I, I went and did that and everyone at the gym was like, you look fucking awesome with some color. Which is code for you. You usually look like shit dude. It is code for your super white and totally great. Good. Most of the pale, most of the, yeah. So I just got a lot of it says that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, right. Definitely great. Oh, okay. We haven't talked about one single important thing yet. It's really important in the world. Okay. I'm trying to avoid all the things that are right out there on the table that just burn my soul currently. Right. You know, so it's a plus plus, you know, what's funny? Some of the things I would like to cover. Everyone's out and talking about it. I don't need my opinion out there. You know, Dusty, let's talk about that for a second. It's, it's difficult to do the show. Like, I mean, the show comes, the, the actual recording in the show comes naturally for us. Because we're just having a chat. Right. But, you know, there's times when I'm driving and I'm like, you know, should we be talking about training more? Should we be talking about should we be giving them more quality information? Right. You know, like, you know, you start to, you wonder like, because, you know, half the time I can't believe anyone even fucking listen. That's the problem, right? Still shocked. Still shocked. So, so, yeah, it's just funny. You know, you get, and, and I listen to the odd episode of other shows that I'll check in on stuff. And, but I think that's something that everyone who does a show wrestles with. I think I've actually heard like I've heard food at talk about, like, topics like how did they even get on these fucking topics? It's fun. Yeah. Yeah. I call them, we're ants, half the time. We'll stuff that we really get rolling on. Like, how did we even get here? Yeah. It'd be like waking up in Iowa one day, you know, like, what the fuck? That is our show. We wake up in Iowa all the time. You know what it is though, too? I think I have realized that I get a lot of people to say, get a ton out of the show. Like, a good good information. And I'm like, oh, really? Because I don't always know when it happens because I, I think it's because, when from jump, we had decided we weren't going to overly think. Right. And just let them take it where it goes, you know? Because I think outside looking in, like when we're having our conversation, I'm more interested in the random pieces or your view on something already know. Right. You know, like, even for you, like, I already know your opinion a lot of stuff. But when you explain your view and sometimes you'll catch something, I go, oh, that actually might even alter mine a little bit. You know what I'm saying? So I think people like that, you know, it's off the cuff a little bit better that way. Oh, here we go. That's a good one. I got a good one. How did Jay color get his biggest heated without train to failure? And they put in parentheses as he claims. Why? I think that that's just semantics and misunderstanding of each other's language. So Jay trained to failure plenty. Like, you know, so you'd watch him do those set to T bar rows. And you know, the first six reps would be explosive. And then maybe the last two were kind of sloppy. Mm-hmm. That's training to failure. Right. Because form degradation equals failure. So you allow a certain amount of form to go out the window to complete one or two extra reps. You know, it's just like doing cheat curls. So, you know, there's all sort of that one arm dumbbell rows. I mean, you could pull the first, the first aid or perfect. And then the last two have some even. And that's still training to failure. Right. This is a dumbbell didn't stop moving. Doesn't mean you're not taking them up in the muscle to mechanical failure. And, you know, that's, and Jay had that style of training. You know, he seemed to do in the press downs. And he's banging about, and then the last few were like, fuck, you know. So I would argue that I think Jay is just sort of interpreting like if you were, if, if, let's say that's an actual question that was posed to them. And he responded, no. I think he's he's just thinking like Dorian style training like with the four straps and all that stuff. Yeah, or the bar literally he's or the bar literally stops moving. Yeah, I try to put it off him. Yeah, I can. You know, you got a factor into his Jay's volume like, yeah, muscular failure in my brain is also an overall thing. Like you could train a set to failure, but not the muscle to failure. You're soon saying like if I walked out after one set of failure, the muscle's not really done. It was just done in that moment to time, you know, Jay, I think took his muscles further than I did or do because his volume was obscene. And he still trained heavy. I love people. Jay didn't train heavy. I'm like, I've seen Jay in 245. Like what do you talk about? Right in front of my eyes. Like, yeah, Jay was squat five, played all the time when he was younger. Yeah. I think that you, it gets forgotten also that by the time you're watching most of these guys that are really, really good, they're already there. Yeah. And now they're refining, you know what I mean? And I think that's one thing that gets a little bit detracted as you follow someone like me. And it's like, this is the only thing I, this is what keeps me functioning. You know what I mean? I have to train this way, whereas you know, a fill he doesn't. I hate the comparisons to the greats because people really don't understand they're not like us. Okay. You know, like all of us, you know what I mean? And some of them are, I mean, like I find like Sean Clarita's a great example. Like he has to murder it every single day to be as big as he is both at the table and in the gym. You know what I mean? Like he is genetically awesome, but he's got the fighting thing against it. His body wants to be small. You know, so he has to overcome that. But when he does overcome it, the picture, the end result is much better than me overcoming it. Right. You know what I mean? So, right. I know what you mean. I know what you mean. I know what you mean. Okay. I've got a TV show one. Oh boy. Yes. Yes. So, I'm not, this could be any girlfriend in history, but you know, it's posed at me. So it says, what has your girl made you watch that you ended up really liking? Hmm. So overall made you watch. Well, I have a few. Obviously girlfriends and shows. Yeah. Um, have you on Got Me into Daxter? Which was top five all-time shows for me for sure. I can't wait for that to come back. And then, more recently, I love, I watch home shows, like when they build houses and shit. Right. Um, but I recently started picking up this one where people win the lottery. And then they have to go buy a house. And it depends on how much money they won. What the house looks like, where they take them to like three different houses, show them the plus and minuses. That is where my world is now. Is I watch freaking real estate shit. Really? The base piece, like, you know what it is, I was explaining this the other day. You know, I haven't kicked off still with, um, uh, what is it? Yellowstone? Right. And you know why? I can't commit to something where I'm going to be back to it. Within the next couple of weeks, even. Right. So literally the thought of getting something going where I'm like, Ah fuck, what's happening again? Doesn't work. Anything I watch has to be, start and end today. Right. If I happen to watch, you know what I mean? Like to give an idea last night I watched television. There were four, four games last night, hockey games. No, five games, five games yesterday. And I watched each of their, um, highlights. Because I get the NHL on the band. Right. That's all the tellers know what's yesterday. Right. I guess that was good. It's two in the morning. I need to go to bed now. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't have TV. So, you know, we watch. We usually watch one episode of something every night. That's kind of our like chill out, turn the phones off, watch an episode, eat a meal, you know, and then we get the rest of the night, you know, chill out. What was your show that you've been that Emily, well, Well, Emily, Emily's the one that wanted to watch American Horror Story initially. Right. So that was her pick like way back. And so I mean, now they're on like season 10 or whatever, right? So we've seen all of those. And then she also picked more recently. Like, um, we watched that show Ratchet. Oh, right. Are you, do you talk to her that one? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, she picked that. That was cool because it was like twisted and fucked up. Right. You know, and then she, you know, you know, how your, our trend is we'll be watching like a big series. Right. And we'll run out of episodes. So then you're waiting, right? Right. So, you know, your donos are, you know, we finished home land in their Donohle lands. So there's no more common. And we finished this. We finished that. And so you're in that limbo period plus with COVID. Yeah. So everyone's going to limo period about a year coming up here. There's like this big stretch where we've been like, there's, you know, there's no Ozark, there's no, you know, we're just waiting for stuff, right? Right. So we watched a bunch of stuff like, you know, those little, they'll be like a, a netflix show that only has, you know, two seasons. And then it's right. So we watched it's you of those. And some of those are like, actually pretty entertaining. So she picked a few of those that were good. And then I actually recently just, because I was wanted to watch it because I heard it was, I heard it was really good. So we started watching Banshee. I've never seen it. I've never seen it. I've never seen it. No. So it's on HBO. We had HBO. So sort of watching it's four seasons. And then they wrap it up, I believe. And I'll take this season five. Right. But it's, it's basically about a guy who gets, about a guy who gets at a jail and to try to evade these people that are trying to kill him. He steals the identity of a small town sheriff who just happens to get killed. Right. So he becomes a small town sheriff. And that's kind of the basis of the show, but, you know, he's an ex-con and all that stuff. Right. So anyways, turns out it's wildly entertaining because it's really trashy. There's like, there's lots of sex. There's like four, right now there's currently like four or five pretty attractive women in it that kind of take turns being naked. That's a lovely show. You know, there's like the one cop. There's this like younger, Amish girl. There's this, you know, Amish girl. How do they pull that one? Wow. They're in the small town Pennsylvania. Right. Right. So there's this. There's these other people involved. It's, you know, it's kind of like yellow stone, right? Right. And so there's all these characters and they all kind of and he manages to bang all of them. And then there's grit, who it is violence? Like, you know, when someone comes to try to kill him, it's not like bang bang. It's like, you know, broken femur sticking out of the leg. Oh, you know, throat ripped out of the neck, you know, blood everywhere. Like it's fucking bloody and messy. It's, it's, it's so it's, it's trash. Like there's one point like, I don't know, like season two. Emily looked at me after an episode. She's like, this shows almost too violent for me. Right on the edge. Right on the edge. So they were right on the edge. This shows almost too violent for me. Like that. That was a little rough, you know, great gun fights. Like it's, it's, it's, it's, it's out of hand. It's even worse in sons for being like kind of unrealistically violent. That makes me want to watch it. Yeah, I'm enjoying it. I like, you know, it is, I like any show though, where the writer commits to an end or writer writers to the end before it's happening. Right. Because for example, sons, it didn't need to end. And in fact, the way they made it end was kind of like they just fucking cut the script in half and just said, we're done now because. Right. You don't even, but that's how life ends. But I like the fact that they did that because other shows like I really feel that suits got drug on one too many years in the last season sucked. Right. You know, which might have had to do with Megan being a bitch and leaving but whatever. Um, we're not personal. It's not personal, but she ruined my show. Um, Thank you. Uh, but, let's see here. I'm trying to get a, these are, oh, so many of these are directed right at me. Well, that's obvious. Oh, now we're getting into the deep stuff. All right, run. You got to replace your penis and your balls with a fruit slash vegetable. What do you choose? Why? I think I would go with a banana for the penis. I mean, I mean, I mean, you want some curve. You don't go cucumber with zero curve. Do you want lightsaber? You don't have those, they have those one cucumbers and have like other little. Yeah, yes. The long one of the English ones are stress. You can get like some plenty big bananas. Like it's not like there's size and she with a banana. You can pick out a pretty decent banana. It's going to be more than you'll ever need because remember. Yes. Yes. You got to do it. You don't want to be too big for anal. Right. You could, you could, oh, you could, oh, wish yourself into trouble if if you go too big on that. So, and then there's only a certain type of girl you can hang out with. That's just going to cost problems. So, so I would, yeah, I don't know. Good old banana. Can't go wrong with that. I think that's pretty decent. And what do you pick for for testicles? Because you don't want them huge because then we got like press issues. I don't have peace with the same size. What I actually have. It's just going to be. I just think, I just think like a, a good size, great for a small plump. See. I was like, well, drug problems, that'd be sort of used to. We're good to go. It's all the space issues run. I want space. Right. Right. I guess you'll. I guess you'll. Bad for a normal man. I'm like, What does he do with that shit down there? I guess the issue with the banana is is that it's not actually that that hard. Like, Is that a problem? Do you need to go with something like a more like a and egg plant? The egg plant, like the one at the end is so. Yeah. That's not going to work. You know, tricky. It's funny that you said that about the size. Do you follow God? What's his. I got to look up his last name before I run this because it's important, which. Yeah, make sure because when you said Tyler Manning, you didn't say Tyler Manion. Manion, you're right. Sean Walland. Do you follow him? Sean Walland. Yeah. You know, okay, we should. But somebody asked him a question about like a 12 inch dick. And he literally just went on a rampage. He was like, no woman wants a 12 inch dick as a daily driver. So don't even wish that on your. He's a daily driver. And I died. And I got and I had had a couple women send that to me laughing. They were damn right. So your banana is very accurate. You don't want to. You know, too far with this, you know, but I think it banana because you get the outside too. Is plenty. You know, do you want to grab one or do you want the visual? You're good. Okay. I don't know. I don't know how far we need to take this. Do we need to. You can see, but this one has a little curve never mind. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm going to I'm going to side with you on the banana. And like I said, I'm sticking to peas. So just don't want more than I'm used to. Same as ridiculous. I'm not trying to lie here. Exactly. I don't want to be confused. What's going on here. Okay. Oh, this is a good one. And I like that you would answer this one. So I'm jumping ahead. You only have 10,000 to invest. What are you investing in and why? Right now this second. Yeah. And I can just pull it out whenever I want. So you're just saying like right now today. Just $10,000 to invest. Yep. Well, I mean, 10,000 is not enough to bike by property or anything. No, no. I don't know. I mean, you know, it's and so does not much you can do with 10 grand. If that's just your like be all end all. But I can tell you that Bitcoin's cheap right now and Ethereum's cheap right now. Everything just crash. So I mean, I lost some money last week, but I don't it's it doesn't even it doesn't even face because it's not real money. And I know it's going to go back. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Because like everyone's crypto plummeted last week. So it's actually get time to buy. And and it's going to go up again. And you know what's going to go to a new high. So if I had 10,000, I'd just buy 10,000 of Ethereum or Bitcoin, one of the two or three most stable ones. And I just wait for it to go back up to like whatever a new high is. And I'd sell it. Because you know what's going to go to a new high again. Yeah, actually there's one now that I bought a ton of called Cardano. Oh, yeah. That I would I would probably put a big chunk to that because it's so cheap right now. Yeah. And they're looking at that one blowing up significantly the next five years. And I consider five years to be a short term investment. You know, it's funny because like you said. When when when it tank because of Biden being a moron and what he's thinking about doing. Um, my first thought was okay, good. I'm going to buy some more. Just going to wait. Right. So it dips a little bit more. And then because it was funny, I had bought another three grand of it that day. And then I went to the gym and I came out of the gym and that happened. I was like, you deck. Oh well. Right. You know, so yeah, I would do the same. The other answer I was going to say is for 10,000. Um, the other option that might be a faster turn for me would be I'm investing myself. So I would. Buy another website. I would you know, I mean, something that I'm big on betting on me. Right. Because even, you know, the coins and all that it's not in our control. Whereas if I invest 10 grand into one of my online businesses, that's a ton. And I can really make some cash on it. Like we just I just popped up on a website last week. Because we had an idea and it's like, oh, you know, $15 later. That'll that'll make me a fortune. You know, so 10,000 and those types of things is a lot. Um, let's find out a couple of questions like this. I put up a post about your goals and having a specific goal in mind. Uh, and one guy asked me like he asked me on there, which I had an answer yet. And then he asked me in the questions again. Um, other sources of income. It's hard for me to answer because I wanted it like in my brain. I'm like, if you can't think of one other way to make money. You're fucked because I can think of a million sitting here. Right. You know what I mean with the internet, like I really feel like it's limitless. What you can come up with, you know what I mean. I want to I tell people like, what do you into? Like what do you passion about that's fun? Not like I'm not saying I'm going to career, but you want a side income. Right. Oh, you're like poking on cool. There's probably a way to make money on that. Yep. Yeah. You know, you know, it's like, I think some people forget when they're in a dead end job and they're not. Or should it say dead end, but they're checked to check. If you're making 50 grand, if you brought in another 10, that's a ton. You know what I mean? Everything is based on how much you make. I read an article a long time ago about the amount of money it takes to change your life in each phase of life. So like when you're making 30 grand, if you can make 35, that's life changing. But like if you have $2 million, there's nothing you can do with 5 million, you can't do it too. Right. A cash for things. But I mean other than that, it really doesn't change your life. The jumps have to become enormous, you know. There's been several studies now and they keep reinforcing each other on the happiness threshold. Have you seen that one for income? I haven't. So they say once you make and this is I think based on like, you know, North American standards like with our money. Right. Once you make $65,000 a year in most of our area, your happiness doesn't go up anymore. Because your happiness is affected largely by security, having shelter, food, water, and water, having all the important things taking care of and knowing that you're not going to be homeless or starving. Right. And once you know that you're secure, money doesn't really buy happiness after that point. Right. So that was very interesting. Yeah. So as like once you're out of like the risk, you know, sort of area of life and you're making about 65,000 a year. Obviously there's certain places where 65,000 goes farther than others. You'd be fucked if you lived here, but yes. Well, yeah, but I guess for most people that's still where the happiness threshold goes. You know, the stress goes down enough that the happiness like doesn't really go any higher after that. Well, don't you think there are a lot of that too? I mean, I think a lot of that comes with the fact that most people when they start making more, start spending more. Yeah. That's a number of things. It really becomes an issue because they don't have any more money at 150. They do it 65 because they bought us dumb shit. Yeah, because you know, I always really, really like the saying that's not how much you make it. It's how much you keep. Right. And I always, because you know, I mean, somebody would just spend their money on crazy shit, you know. And I honestly think like, you know, that Gary Vee, and remember when he was talking about how he didn't buy a new car until he was already a millionaire. Right. Right. And I remember just thinking about just car payments alone. So like just the fact that I never bought a car on car payments, I only like paid cash for decent vehicles and then drove them into the ground. I did that for most of my life. Right. Just the money on I saved on that that I was able to put into other stuff is like huge. Yeah. Things that things that were were not depreciated. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even like use word assets, but after depreciating, it's come like, but no, yeah, I do find that interesting because it's, it's something that comes up a ton just because I've been really fascinated on the flip of. When I read things about lack of money that people have, I'm not talking about being fancy. I'm talking about like a shit happens. They don't have a thousand dollars. But most people that are in that scenario do go shopping for Black Friday and do have two of our pictures on. And I'm like, wow. Like it's it's, you know, it's just odd to me because what makes me happy is that I'm not worried at all. Like my lifestyle is so below where I'm at, but you know, if money stopped coming in for a year, I'd be fine. Right. And I also have like, nope, like my food bill still isn't. I still don't spend much on food relative to how much I eat. Right. I still buy no name brand oatmeal. And so like I don't give a shit, you know? Yeah. I buy good, like, Emily buys the expensive tuna because we've been through tuna before. Yeah. You're in the bag, sorry. Are you in the bag? You've had like, that's like, like, good meat and everything like that, but certain things I don't like, you know what I mean? Well, the difference and things that you had are like who we've talked about before. We just ages that I buy all my meat from. They do a half price sale every year, well twice a year. When they do that, game on. Yeah. I'm like, okay, I mean, I think I spent a thousand bucks this week, but I eat it all the time. It's not an option. So it literally in my brand, I'm like, no, I spent a thousand and two thousand. Right. Right. Right. I don't eat more because I haven't. So, you're all good. So, all right. Well, you got one. Okay. So did you see? You didn't see any Joe Rogan the past week? No, other than the fights. So he had a guest on, I can't fuck remember her name now. But she brought up a topic and she went off on estrogens and plastic. And how the plastics and the petroleum's in our environment and in our food and in our ecosystem have been affecting the development of males. Right. Because the zenoestrogens and all that sort of stuff. And yeah, so I see just everyone go listen to that clip. She talks about, and I don't want to get this shit wrong. I don't want to get too detailed. But how, you know, over the last like 40 years, you know, testosterone levels are dropping. Average male testosterone is dropping. Average male sperm count is dropping. There's even evidence where she talks about how they measure. Like, I think it's on, I can't remember whether it was the babies or the feeduses on, on all the, but they measure like penises and stuff like that and that average, it's actually shrinking the average. So we're talking, you know, might be tiny, tiny amounts, but the data shows it's actually trending downward. And she talks about estrogens in our food and, you know, microwaving food in plastic and all that sort of stuff. So I'm asking, do you, do you consider plastics in your daily, like, do you use glass containers in the microwave, is it for that reason? You know, does that stuff cross your mind? It doesn't. Now, of course, I have the, the plastics that won't kill you from cancer and shit like that. Right. The beef. Yeah. But I don't think that affects what you're talking about. I don't think about that, but coincidentally, because I'm always home, I don't use plastic much anymore. I mean, aside from, you know, something like that. But it's interesting. I feel like in some ways things are just naturally in my life going in that direction. Like, now I drink out of those ice shakers all the time, because that's what we have. They can them made, you know, so it's like, a lot of it's happened on accident. But yeah, I don't, I don't consider it, but on the flip, I am obsessive about blood work and estrogine on all that. Right. Right. I think I default, but I don't think of it. Maybe as I should in that way, you know, she, she really was sounding an alarm. She was like, this is a downward trend. And it, it's very clear. The, the, the dad is very clear. So if we allow it to continue infinitely, men will become sterile. And that would end to human species. And we have to get our fucking heads together and make sure this doesn't happen. And it was fucking nuts. Because there's a movie called Children of Men, which I think I've mentioned before as Clival and in it, great movie. 2007, I think. But in that movie, the women have become infertile due to environmental pollution. Right. So there's no more kids being born. So like the societies just like coming apart at the seams, right? That's the fucking end of humanity. So it's, it's a really crazy concept. But here we are. She's like, she's saying, hey, this is coming. Right. We have to stop this poisoning of ourselves because it's fucking up our hormones. And it's gonna, it's gonna, you know, cause dire consequences. So yeah, it was very interesting. But I've, I've been into the, kind of the glass, Tupperware. You choose glass ofwear, remember that? Yeah, I always do. Yeah. And, and I've been into that for a long time. And that, that was actually something that I remember grown up as a kid. My mom would, would always be like, don't microwave in that. Microwave in glass bowl and put it in a plastic container. Like, she would say that to us all time. Right. So I just grew up around being sort of aware of microwaveing with plastic. And, you know, obviously as a bodybuilder, I sort of got like reckless and didn't give a fuck for like a while. Right. You know, because in the 90s we weren't doing that. But I remember when Ben, if it calls, he started to kind of make it fashionable to talk about plastics. And, and he was using the glass top where I remember thinking, oh, I'm already doing that. And then I remember reading about Evan Centupani talking about it. Oh, yeah. Evan's just he was big on it. And Evan was big on the stainless steel shaker and stuff like that. Yep. Yeah. And at the time, I had switched over to stainless steel. So I was like, oh, I'm already doing all that. So I, I've been to that. I definitely think it's something that we should consider. Right. So there's your free, there's your free plug, I shaker. They're coming out with a 36-ounce bottle in May, so I'm pretty stoked about that. We just did a shaker for West Coast. It's awesome. Did you? And it made me one for me. It's funny that it reached out and said, you know, want to make your shaker. So I literally was like, oh, that'd be awesome. Can I, but I want to buy some also, you know, they're like, okay. And I said, I want to get the big one. They're like, what doesn't come to May. So I thought it was pretty amazed that the guy was like, oh, I'm going to make you one for now. Anyways, and literally I sent him my logo in the next morning. I got a thing from USPS. It's on the way. I was like, I'm sorry. I sent you the logo like last night. What the hell. I was, they're all happy. They're really good. It was, it was funny. I heard that Rogan episode and then the very next day. One of the guys from mutant drop by the gym and gave me, they do it as they did a stainless steel shaker. That's all that. He dropped it off. I was like, oh, this is hilarious because I just got mine like the day I heard the interview. So you said you were making them for West Coast now too? Well, no, we just got a big jug done. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, we like it. It's cool. So, okay. You got another one? I have a Julian other ones actually. Let's do a training one. You got to do some training. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Because I have less and less training, but here I actually, I have some that'll be really good. This dude just asked me about the natural. I love when they do that. I do think they're being cute. Nadi? Of course. Yes. I haven't taken anything since two days ago. As whole. Just a dumb fucking question. One second. Okay. I want to get to it because I saw some people asked about push full legs. Yeah. I've got a couple people that I just started on a push pull legs. Well, fuck. Ask one of you've got them because I need to find this specific one that was good. Okay. Okay. I got a bunch. What's your favorite chess press machine in the world right now? Yeah. Oh, but. Prime. Incline. The. They're in climb chess press. Okay. That's cool. Yeah. I love that one. Yeah. I love prime in general. Like where do you put the plates on it? How do you load it? So it's funny, but I always start with one on each. Right. You know, as I'm getting going, but my weakness right now is at the end of the range. So I'm actually purposely weighing that more. Okay. Okay. Because I've trained so long. It's actually the woman that's helping with my stretching. Megan. I have like no strength in the beginning. And then the end of movements. Like not here. Because I don't. I don't train in those ranges. So I can literally. Structural like just. See, I fix position squeezing my hamstring to where my heel would touch my glutes. I can't do that with no way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, which I think every single person's listening is probably it's got size. Can't do it either. But if you get stronger in those areas, you'll be stronger across the board. So now I'm purposely trying to load areas that I'm weak. Which is kind of fun. Right. Yeah. I love that piece. What about you? Yeah. That's cool. Well, we have the Atlantis. The seated where you're like not laying on your back. You're seated. Yes. We have the Atlantis flat press. So some people think it's a bit of an incline, but it's a flat press. It just it sweeps up on you a little. The way of Bench is supposed to. Yeah. Anyways. I love that piece. It's it's that one come together or no? It's it's it's converging. It does. Yes. But it it's not drastic. Okay. So it's more like your handling dumbbells. Like it's not a fake. It's not like your hands come like right together. Like, if you use the flat one, um, that's it golds vines. That's plate loaded. I don't even know what brand it is. But it's all the way together. It's a sidebex fly press. That thing will embarrass you. Yeah. It's it's a really it's a really tough movement. Like people put it in it too. Yes. Tricky. That's why I asked if it like converged. Good word. I didn't know that even exist. Because like if it's too much, I find I'm focusing too much on the machine. Trying to go all over the place. Yeah. I know you know versus like a press. It I've really. I don't. It's funny. We push I push on my my people all the time. I don't like to do a lot of things where I have to worry. I just want to push the weight. That's why I like Smith machine is why like machines. Like I just the best way to grow. You know what I mean? So you wouldn't have that before. Is that newer? I've never used that. You're joking. Yeah. You've never seen it. We got it since you're here last time. We got we got that. But it's it's great. And one of the things he did is it's. So you know how a lot of hammer stuff. Get heavier as you push out. Yep. So it's the opposite of that. It's heaviest in the stretch. So it's super loaded in the stress. So as it comes down. Fuck and loads on you, you know. And then as you come up at D loads slightly. And it's heavier. It's heavier. You're strongest. Yeah. So that's from natural strength curve. And then what they did is they put band pegs on it. So if you wanted to flip the strength curve. You just. So that's awesome. So it's, you know, it's it's a dual dual purpose. You know, you can do both. So yeah, that's a great piece. And got one buddy. That's a. Yeah, good. A few here. Pump, pump, pump, pump, pump. Jesus, this is something. I had this one. And there's how much of a mind fuck is it. Well, down sizing. I had a guy that just said the same thing. But he was asking. He wants to do what you guys are doing. So explain that a little bit. Because I don't think he would be at all a bit. Go ahead. So I mean, obviously when I first. You know, started downsizing. You know, there was a little bit like a fucking all wonder how. You know, the the odd dad put a shirt on. Right. It was like fuck. It's not tight in the sleeves anymore. Like, you know, this shirt used to be tight in the sleeves. You know. And so then like maybe that shirt doesn't get worn anymore. You know what I mean? Like I just switched my clothes a little bit. And and then there's a couple of hoodies I had that were four acts. And the day came where I was like, Oh, this hoodie's too big for me now. Which kind of socks? Because one of my favorite hoodies was my giant black and red metro flex one that he gave us when we were there. Yeah. I love that fucking hoodie. It's like super warm in the winter. It's just such a sharp hoodie. And it's too big for me now. It's a four acts. It's fucking tent on me. Like fuck. This was good. Yeah, like you got to be 300 pounds to wear that. You know, like it's it's big. So I that was a little sad. And I had to take that off the rotation rack and put it in the put it in the drawer. It's here. So yeah, there's been some wardrobe changes and some clothing where I was like, Oh, that shirt's got to go fuck. I like that shirt. You know, have you found? And I mean, this is a quite legit question for me that. Because the goal isn't to be bigger anymore. It's intentional that it's kind of like all the benefits you're having. You kind of forget. Well, that's helping now. Like, because also when you're so lean that now, like, I could say on the flip, you know how it is when you're heavy. Like, as I'm progressing and pushing into heavier, like, I know I don't look great. Right. And yeah, if you look smaller when you're heavier, you don't want to take your shirt off because you're like, you know, it's great for anyone else. It's a bodybuilding. I'm fast fuck. Like, you literally, it's like, there's somebody's like, Oh, right. When you look like right now, like, peel out of my fucking mind. Two, four, seven. Always grip. You know, you definitely have to like appreciate the other stuff, you know? Right. And then, of course, like writing the bike is really helped because now I actually have like a benefit of being lighter that's obviously presenting itself to me, you know, and them, you know, that that, you know, adds enjoyment to, you know, quality of life and all that stuff. But yeah, there's a little bit of a head fuck, you know. There was certain there was, there was a lot of stuff in the gym that didn't bother me. And then there was a handful of things that did. And that was interesting to me. So like, I didn't give a fuck that I started using the last one, the preacher curl. Right. I didn't give a fuck that I used a little bit less on the leg curl. And I moved the pin down on this. I didn't give a fuck, but when I dropped down below the 120 pound dumbbells on in client. And there's like days when I use the 110s now. Right. I'm like fuck, those aren't the 120s. And, and, and then I had a long think the other day I'm like, why is it 120? Why does that number? Why do 120 pound dumbbells on the in client? Mean something to me. Why is it 130 or 140? Right. And it's because the gym I started at, the dumbbells went to 120. And I remember using him was the thing. Yeah. And if you could incline the 120s, you were like a monster in that gym. And I remember I was pound in the 120s by the time I was like, 1920 years old. Right. And I was like, so that just kind of like, that's why that number's well. And then I was like, why that number's woven in there. Right. So there's days when we do like incline dumbbells second or third. And you're like hundreds, hundreds. And you're like the 110s or something. You know, and I'll break them did the 130s the other day. So he's like big, sick, the big boy now, right? Right. So yeah, it's just kind of funny. So there's certain exercises where I was like, man, end of an era. I can see that though because, you know, people will ask me about like hockey. When you know, when there's the last time you skate on like it's the last time I played for real. I mean, technically it's not true. I did one one game. There was like a celebrity game for a cop here that got shot. And that was the game where I was done because it was no checking or nothing. And I was fucked. I have no interest in doing things. Once you've done it with this level, I mean, I got, I will not be dead lifting for high numbers in my brain. What I'm done. Right. Something like, I'm out my deadlift. It'll be like, can I get, how many, how strong am I for 15? Right. You're like, I have to get out of that game and do a different game because if not, it's kind of same. I know a lot of people are like, oh, you don't, I love men's. Like it's so much fun. I'm like, those guys suck. I don't want to play with shitty hockey players. Right. You know, it's so it's the same with Biden. But I think for me, I will have to change the direction pretty drastically because, and it's funny, has nothing to do with anyone else. I don't even pay attention to the gym to who's watching or what's happening anymore. Like, doesn't add it to me. But the day that I'm, you know, getting on a hack and squeak in at reps of five plates is going to fucking piss me off. Oh yeah. You don't have to say I'm winning warm up late because it's funny. Like you said, when you think about strength, like, I do fly presses with one 30s. And you're right. There's going to be a day where I'm grabbing the hundreds of getting ready for a fucking working set. Like here we go for presses. Yeah. Yeah. Two for six. One of the things that helps me a little bit, I have to admit, it does help a little is, you know, like, I get on the hacksquat now with five plates and pound out my set. And I could go up and wait. But I always choose not to. I'm like, nope, I'm going to do five plates. I'll make them a little slower. I'm going to stretch, you know, make this set harder. Maybe I'll get 12 and set a 10. So, but then I always think in my head, I'm like, fuck, that's pretty awesome that I can still do this and also do this other stuff now. Right. You know? So yeah. So there's like that, that helps too. But yeah, downsizing to head fuck, you know? Yeah. I think there's some parts, but though that you could definitely dig, you know, like, I, I, I love to point it out to guys because they're just young guys are so obsessed that somehow it's going to help them with women. And I'm like, I've never dated a woman who was into the fact that I'm my size. They just accepted the fact. So it's I have, I have, and I will tell, I will say this. I've had more women casually tell me I look great. Like you look great. Like how you doing? Have a 10 for a while. You look great. Like I've had more women, casually tell me I look great. Since I downsize, then then like ever when I was bodybuilding. I have to tell you this, you'll laugh on that note. So I'm in a fiber nutrition one day and those are the stores that I used to own. And we're standing there and he used to always play our videos right in there. And so we're standing in, I love Lance. He's mocking me in whatever because I'm, he's like, you own the TV, but you're in the stores, give me shit. And I'm just rollin' my eyes and this lady stand there and she goes, I've never really been into like really big dudes. And I was like, oh, she goes, but I'd like to try it sometime though. I mean, just to see what it is. And I kind of like looked around. So she leaves, it's just casually ask you to sleep. I'm like, yeah, she's probably like the heart of my life. I was like, that was different. So we're both customers at this guy's story. When you figure about that, but I laugh because I always bring up because I think about that with guys. I'm like, that doesn't happen because even her answer, I'm not into big guys at all. You know, I like it. I like it. I like it. What does it try it? What do you mean by try it? Do you like it? Have it a bite of food. Try it? I'll try it. I'll try it. I'll stir it. Let's see how the things are like holding the dick. It's just sample. I'm like, you're not done here. She was like, try it. It wasn't that great. Fuck. Do you want to come in the back and try it? What do you say? It was literally, I was died of like, that just happened real life. Okay. All right. Found a training question. Basically. Do you think shows things to show with a training question? Or trying. Do you think shoulder presses are necessary for the doubts or the incline pressing for chest enough? So my answer to this is no. And the reason my answer is no is because I think that I don't like absolutes. Right. So I don't like to say that you must do something. Right. Because I think there's always another way to figure something out. Muscles grow by overloading them. So no, I would say you don't need to shoulder press. Now, that doesn't mean that he doesn't need to shoulder press. Right. We're saying that not everyone always needs to shoulder press to grow doubts. There's probably someone out there who can get awesome doubts without pressing. I've known lots of body builders that have had too many injuries and they've stopped shoulder pressing. And they still have great doubts. Right. I've known a lot of guys like that. So but of course, you already had them and they just kept them. So there's that, but you know, just like Dorian's thing about squatting, you know, I mean he's quadred a lot. Then he got hurt and he never squatted again. And then he went Olympias after that. So, you know, I've had little phases where I stopped shoulder pressing just because I couldn't do them. Like I had injury issues and rotator issues and stuff. But I was returned to them because I felt like, I felt like my shoulders were always bigger when I was able to press well. They are the main overload exercise. But you could also do a high-enclined press and that would load the front delts. Load the like if you did like a little bit higher in fine. That loads a shit out of the front delts. So I'm sure there's a way that you could find a work around to not press. Yeah. So yeah, I mean probably most people should press if they want big doubts. But I'm sure there's a way to do it without. Yeah, I think two one thing I liked factor is I think barbell pressing in general sucks. Now I do it. But when I'm talking about across the board, like I would much rather get on a machine that allows the bar to cut right through my head as it should. And go straight up, which is of course an arsenal shoulder press, you know, a prime shoulder press. I'm going to want some of the machines. You know what I mean? These are all great options that I think are superior to a barbell shoulder press. So my problem with looking back on all my years is that now, anything I do with a straight barbell, but there'd be curls, skull crushers, bent any kind of pressing shoulder pressing anything done with a straight bar. Hurts my elbows my shoulders, something fucking hurts. Right. And that tells me that those movement patterns aren't that natural to begin with. No, right. But there's something you have to do. If you had an injury, which we all have to one side of your body, then either during the injury or like in my case where it's a permanent thing, my left half of my body does not move the same as my right half. Yeah. So if I'm stuck to a bar, then my left elbow is actually moving completely different during a press than my right elbow. Yeah. That's not good. You know, pretty simple. So, all right, I got one that we're going to finish the show with because I think it really matters and it kind of keeps us on point. What city slash country has the hardest women on the planet? Well, I know I have a big, I'm sorry, buddy. Funny. So, well, I mean, I don't know the actual stats. So I'll tell you something funny. I have heard many famous people who were quoted as saying they had to go to Edmonton for some reason. Like where I'm from right where I used to live. Edmonton had to go there to shoot a movie or they did something. And I had to go to Edmonton for some reason. Or even like hockey players would get traded at Matent or something like that. But there's a bunch of famous quotes of people saying they're like, it's a cold northern city. And there is so many hot girls here. I just remember that. And I remember being from there and going, oh, maybe it's not too bad to live here where it's minus 30 half. It's sort of something that maybe give you a little bit of like, stick around this town. Yeah, but, but no, you know, just, I mean, I think there's beautiful women everywhere. I've never, I've never found it difficult to find the beauty in the surrounding environment. Because I have appreciation for all sorts of ecosystems. See, my answer was going to be a lot more simple, which was whatever city, the current giant body building expo is that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that's the same. Maybe that's why every city I go to. It's really hard for us to just like I think about like, well, the man on. It's every woman come with us has whole bunch of fitness girls at every hotel. They're all the same. Yeah, I've never been to a hotel. I didn't have at least 40 rock-and-body women walking around. I'm a bunch of meheads. I just, it seems like that's how, everyone in the world. That is fun. Thank you. Thank you. I, I will say that there was, uh, so as far as, you know, traveling where the expo's are going, that's such a skewed view of the world, right? Yeah. So, so if I think about not going to expose and just travel itself, I, I will say that when I went to Chile, I remember thinking like, just like walking around the normal part of town and trying to find a gym and stuff. I remember being like, oh, like, everyone here's all the girls here. I'll attract if you have a naked shape. And, but then there you go. I know it's South America, but it's got that European thing to it. Everyone's walking everywhere. Nobody's awake. It's like, you go to order a meal and it's kind of small. Yeah. It's just, it's just that different feel. It's just a different, different, you know, way to live. And so yeah, it was, I did notice that. I got to get chili some props. You're looking to you guys over here. Yeah. I love that. I used to say when I was a kid that I thought Utah was, was up there for sure. But I like read a one women. Yeah, but I was going to say I thought it was mathematical because everyone has like a different, so the odds of popping out a hot chick were just high at least one in every family. I remember I used to think that, I'm like, well, but if you do the math, I mean, of course. Right. You know, they're popping out kids. No problem. They're not, they're not eating out of plastic. That's for damn sure. Oh. That's good. I like that. And it's a funny reminder of how skewed your vision of reality is when you travel with the expose. Oh, I found that in life in every single way that I have no, I like remember the question about the 225 bench. Yeah. What I think the world is is so not paid. That part of the problem of being at my gym. Right. I just like that gyms just told me, right? It's just a couple. And then there'll be like a new member will join up and I'll go up to him and go, hey, you know, how's it going? I remember and they'll be like, the all the girls here are amazing and all the guys here are like monsters. Like this gym is nuts. Oh, okay. Yeah. Like, oh, yeah. I guess there are a lot of people here that are pretty serious, but it's just normal to me. It doesn't even occur to cross my mind. Yes. Yeah. It's funny because that is literally how life is when you when you live in a certain area. Because, well, don't you have the most fake boobs per capita in the United States? In Scottsdale? I assume so. But for example, Nicky wants a Range Rover, right? And I happened to see one that was death out. So I took a picture and I sent it to her of a black one and she goes, it's a sign from the universe. And I laughed. I said, we're in Scottsdale. If that was a sign from the universe, you get them all day. And literally, right when I said that, I said, for example, I took a picture of two or three Rangeovers all taking a right turn that were right next to me. And next to me, one, two, three, I was like, she goes, if I live there, I wouldn't want one. I'm like, no, you wouldn't. That's like out here in Vancouver. We all have them. The Joe Karen Vancouver, as you'll see, you'll see a Lamborghini with an L sticker on it. Well, because when you're just starting the first two years of your license, you have to have an L where an, I think it's an M. I can't. I'm going to need your specifying. I don't know what that means. But it's, you have to have this sticker on the back of your car. It's like you're like a new driver. So it's like a driver. I don't know. So we can't drive in a lamp. But didn't you know how to fucking drive? It's true. But if that's all you know, it's home. Like, the lambs are normal. Yeah, lambs are normal with fucking nands, tickers on the back of them. It's crazy. Okay. Okay. Thanks, everybody. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. I'm excited. I got shoulders today. And I'm looking forward to it. Buddy, the shoulder pumps have been really good lately. All right. Get your plan. I'm off today and tomorrow's day one push. Okay. Program that I have not even read yet. So I want you to post like the actual workout. I'm going to. And today I'm posting everything I pictures on my stories because I haven't started my log yet. But I just want people to know like, this is the start because I am going to actually point everything. I had somebody sarcastically put on my questions like, what's the side? Why? Why? Why didn't mention the thousand and a draw a day? Yeah. Why I always leave that out. You know that. Just a bottle. Just a case. Okay. Thanks, Dusty. Remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding. Thanks Dusty. Remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding.