Everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding episode 85. Dusty Han Chau was still alive. So here we're still cranking and apparently based on my Instagram people want to know a lot of shit. Yeah. A lot of questions. Yeah. I keep meaning like, you know, hey, I'm going to get back to every single one of them. And then like, I'm like, oh, they shit. It's a lot of fun. You're not quite. I would never guarantee I'm getting back to every one of them because yeah, I'll do like 30 or 40 and just blast them out. I took I took your lead with the whole video much faster. Yeah, obviously. Yeah. And they keep a like a better. Yeah. I think I can feel good about themselves and they see me for a solid 10 minutes right there. Like things could be worse. It's a good at face. I remember that. Like share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell and help us out. You guys are fantastic and we appreciate all that social media love and spread the word. And here. I want to hate too. Yeah. It's good for us. Yeah, little hate. Little hate's good. You know, remember we're just a couple of down body builders. True. Meads, one or one. Which, by the way, speaking of hate, you know, we had our episode where I had an episode about masks. Oh, yeah. And I'm pretty sure our governor watched it and was like, fuck it. Let's drop them and it does. It doesn't like it. Yeah, you, you, you were the final word. You know, there were all these people speaking out and then he was like, ah, does he's kind of pointing? Yeah. I felt it because literally the next day it popped up and I was like, he saw the episode and he was like, ah, it's interesting. Yeah. I mean, it seems like a fact to me. It's science. So yeah, yeah. We don't have it anymore and I love it. A couple places to deal with it, but I still ignore them. So we're good. Okay. Okay. Well, that's life in Arizona. I know. It's great. As it should be. New shirts. I've heard and love that shirt. So I'm going to mail you one. My collection, dude. I love that one. So you guys make, you made a quite a variety though. I saw the picture. You guys got some good shit going there. Yeah. I'm going to send you a couple. So you got to send me your address again. Because, yes, well, change the plan. I, oh, yeah. I guess good point. A plus I can never find it in our message. Threat. I would be in the 7,000 messages ago. Yeah. Yeah, terrible, terrible. So yeah, it was a, it was a, a very good week, you know, very happy. Last episode went pretty well. I know, you know, we got a little controversial, but I don't think was that controversial. We didn't say anything. I was fancy. Absolutely. We just kind of like just find that anything that's even, if you're honest, I just expect people to be in an approar. That's really what it is. Yeah. That's found the opposite. I have to say we have the coolest listeners. Because I had a few people tell me in person and on the thing, that they backed us even more, even if they didn't agree. Oh, that's interesting. Okay. Because you're actually just saying what you think versus like, you know, checking the temperature of the room. What should I say? Right. Right. I know what you mean. Said, I think what makes it a little bit easy for us. I don't know why I actually don't use word easy. I think it's why a lot of people with podcasts, you know, upset people. Because like, I, I, I, I, I, I speak to you as if no one's going to hear this. Yeah, actually forget. Sometimes we're like, I honestly do. I, I forget that there's more than like 10 people listening. You know, when I think of our listeners, I'm just like, you know, it just doesn't compute. So that takes the being careful away. That's why we say whatever we want. Because we still don't think anyone's listening. I also think it's because we're old and we've reached that. You know, when you get older, you know, it was young. I remember looking at me and like, one day, I'm going to be that ass or they just says whatever the front you want. Like that guy with the gray hair just says the route is shit. That's actually the gray has come through the beard and I was like, that guy is mean. Yeah. Yeah. No, but we don't mean we, you know, obviously I never mean to upset anybody. But hey, some people get upset at stuff that they shouldn't get upset about. It's, you're allowed to have conversations about stuff. And I think right now, one of the things that we're that, you know, the media is failing at and a lot of people are failing at is the ability to have a conversation about something without getting emotional. Or I put a post of about it. Or or about. So emotional. You know, disagreeing is okay. You don't need the amount of people who will unplug the moment you disagree with them. Yeah. Like how are you going to be well grounded? And I'm not, I've never tried to convince someone to do what I do or think what I think. I just, this is what I do. But I find it fascinating because I have learned a ton from people who do things different than me. Oh, yeah, for sure. So it's a funny to me to block them from your life. And I think that that's, that's what, that's kind of the power. Like remember back in the day with forums. If you spoke, you couldn't speak out of turn because you couldn't just delete other people. Like you were in a forum where as now, I can say anything. Want the moment you disagree with me on my page. I'm a complete control. Yeah, I can block you. Whereas I liked that. You had to earn your stripes before you could speak. And then once you did, you could say something that maybe hadn't been tried before. And people would actually say, well, maybe. I mean, he's not a moron. We've, that's been proven. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was a, it was a interesting time. I was talking about the forums the other day with a friend of mine because he, he just caught the tail end of that era. Right. Before it was, it was great for a while. Yeah, it was, it was pretty cool because it was like such a small little world. Yeah. Like, one of my, you know, and it made some weird friends too. Like, do you know Mike Pusanella? Of course. Yeah, right. You know, the, the filmographer that, you know, is so good. Yeah. So me and Mike became like really good buddies on MD. Like, I never even met him. Whereas he became really good buddies and we would gang up on people. We would like people gang up on us. And we were just like, it was so funny. And it got to point where, um, when I went to my first North Americans in O'Nye, Mike message me, he's like, hey, I'm going to be there with my, like me and Dave are both going to be there. Right. Well, I'm his brother Dave obviously, but he's a me and Dave are both going to be there. He's helping a bunch of people and I'm, I got to film some stuff for somebody or something. You know what I mean? Yeah. He did a lot of stuff for MHP, right? Yeah. And so we like hooked up and got a coffee. And like I was prepping for the show so I couldn't go eat anything. So I like sat down with him and I had a coffee and we talked for like two hours. We just make like funny friends that you would never like, you know, oh yeah. I was out of the forums, but yeah, it was a cool time, you know? Yeah. So okay. What's going on with your questions? Do you have a ton of shit? Do you have anything that you want to cover before we get to the questions? Uh, I mean, nothing. Well, things are important in my world. You've got to, yeah, well, you got to tell us about the flex visit. Drankles there. What's that? Yeah. So we did that. Um, actually, that was one of the questions I got, which I thought we're funny. I actually had some of the, it said, uh, how did it feel to train at the dragons layer? I'm like, I felt like a gym. Right. Right. I think the only thing that gets altered, um, when you've been in this a long time, is a great gym is a great gym. Uh, and I even found it was funny, but I'm so out of touch with, uh, you know, when you're first getting to bodybuilding, it's all about going the place where people are being seen, making sure people know you. Um, we got there, um, purposely early so I could train. And then Dom, my, uh, tissue guy was there and I said, hey, can you run a reset on me real quick to just look at her? So he did, uh, Tommy had never had one. He did that for him. And then, uh, he's like, you guys want a train with the new ex on? Fuck it. Let's do it. So that's like a newbie is it like a just a different, it's a small, it's a smaller version so you can carry it around and say, how it can be hard. Um, and then the other thing is it runs two different currents. So basically, and I'm given you got nobody fact checked me. I'm not I'm purposely being very loose with words. So I don't say stupid, but it runs different currents. And between sets, they changed the current. So basically for the 50 minutes we were training, my muscles were firing the entire time. I was sore as fuck. But next day I woke up with adults and I literally was like, well, Abby beat my ass. A hundred pound bikini pro kick to shoot out of me yesterday. I've never heard like that before. I ran through a very typical workout so I didn't let it slow down the intensity or anything like that. It was great, loved it. But I also realized while I was doing it, that I'm so just a bodybuilder that I forget. Like I just went trained and I got done and then I realized, oh fuck, these people want to talk. My bad. And so they're like, so I did like pull it back and I looked up at one point and realized like there were people watching and they weren't watching because they were in awe. They were like, hey, dipshit. Don't forget to say hello. I was like, oh fuck. So after like, and you know, people, I experience you just know in those places, you can just walk right up. People don't know that. So you have to tell him, hey, you know, you need to write a question. You know, so it was really cool. The gym was phenomenal. Of course, I love everything about it. I mean, it's just set up perfectly. It's got great stuff. The vibe is great. Everyone in there was awesome. I think they'll be extremely successful because I really do believe Ron that in the States, the smaller gym model is going to start hurting the big boxes. I think that is going to kill them. Yeah, because people want that and they're tired of it and fucked around with here like for example, it's a known thing. Oh, you want a cancer from me? Oh, it's good. Good luck. Good luck. Get him to stop charging your card one more time and one more time. It's like it's a scam that everyone knows about, but they literally will not take cash upfront for a year either. It's a, yeah, a trip. And of course, if they heard of it, we never do that. Really, everyone I've ever heard that's tried to cancel. I got hit at least one or two more times. I had, I had a some commercial gym nightmares trying to cancel memberships. Yeah, so it's, it's a mess. But they're, they're cranking and then more importantly because I'm selfish. A gym here, a single owner, big box gym got purchased just recently. And in my opinion, the new owner is not smart, but maybe he's a genius. He sold everything in the gym. Okay, blows my mind because he has some really good stuff. So I went and shot. Oh, so what did we, what did we got? We only got a couple things because we only have nine thousands square feet. So we're pretty particular on what we wanted, but I finally got that Atlantis standing side ladder up and wanting nice. Payday, $100 for it. Thank you very much. Got what I believe to be a custom chest supported row that three plates murders me. Right. It's, people are going to have quarters on that thing. Then the way it is set up, your legs are useless. Yeah, it's just for man row, take the ball, dude. It's so great. It is so great. So got that. And then I think he bought it. Oh, like this is a funny thing. There was also a leg press that I wanted. It was like a horizontal leg press, but it was notless. And I've seen him before around us. Yeah. Grabbed that. So I had told Lance, I was like, hey, can you grab that? Guys, yeah, 4,000. I'm like, $1. We took a Canadian or what are we doing here? Yeah, he was doing that. He was doing it for that. For less, I looked. I was like, yeah. Bro, I could say 500 bucks to get a brand new one in color. I want. Yeah, I think this one's special. I think you're special. But, so Lance went and picked it all up. It was funny because I came back and one of the trainers was like, man, if you, you see we got that. You're going to love that thing. I'm like, I've used that one. He was like, we just got it. I said, I used it. The gym. It was that before. I begged Lance to get that piece. So he bought it up. The gym looks awesome. And I'm literally, some of you asked me to spare like you. You're going to open a gym. I'm like, no, have you seen my gym? I already have one in someone else's place for it. It's phenomenal. Yeah. You got a good setup. I'd love to come and train there, man. Because because you love it so much. So they make it home for you. We have no other solution. You older press coming this week. Okay, cool, played loaded. Yeah, of course. Yeah, okay, cool. You know me. I like that one. Yeah, it's good for my wrists. This is not the straight out like the hammer strength. Plus I had to. I had to start wearing. I had someone ask me is riding your bike, cause any problems. And I was like, well, I did have to start wearing a gasp wrist wrap. That I can believe. I wear, I wear one on my left wrist quite often. And I wear it. Yeah, and then when I press, I throw it on to and heavy presses. I throw one on my left wrist. Yeah, just for the concept abuse. Yeah, it's just funny. It's like one of the, one of the spots of my body that actually feels it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's my whole life. It's been told you guys. I thought it looked like a lot of fun. And it kind of looked like, you know, the gym at the expo like, you know, whatever the internal thing was. Yeah, it's a gun at the Arnold and I was fucking here. And trained in at the, at that Metro gym downtown or whatever it was, the powerhouse now. Yeah. When it's just packed, you know. So it worked well. We planned on delts because I said, no matter what's there, I can grab some dumbbells. Yeah, we'll get a workout in shoulders and arms. That's all that's safe to train on those crazy days. Yeah, it was great. And they're going to kill it. And I did not realize that everyone in the industry moved to Vegas. Yeah, I looked at, I looked at some of the pitches and there was a whole bunch of people that were there and I was like, oh, yeah, they live there. Yeah, like I forgot that Dennis Wolf was going to show up because he lives there. Yeah. Well, then I guess, uh, uh, he day and I, or is there opening a powerhouse, also soon. Oh, so. So, I mean, Vegas is, it's kind of like saying Phoenix, because Phoenix encompasses all of our cities when you say that. So I mean, more than enough space for him, but I heard that during the interviews that they were doing and he day was like, yeah, we're open to an agenda and I'm like, this fucking world, man. It worked. So yeah, it was pretty nice. And I know one thing I like that flex is doing is he kept the memberships. Yeah. So, you know, you walk in, you pay for the year and you're set. You got your spot. You know what I mean? Which I think is genius. It was, that's kind of been the master plan when we were originally talking about building a gym not for profit, but essentially for break even. My plan was to figure out how many people it took at 200 bucks a month to, yep, if for itself. You know, I would have funded the equipment, but I was like, how many people at 200 bucks a month would take? And it's a key. You want to sell your key? Let me know who we're selling it to. Right. Right. Yeah. I know that exclusivity and not having to put up with corporate type of stuff. You know, is is something that a lot of people are willing to pay for, especially in those markets where there's a little bit of extra income for some people. They're like 200 bucks a month for a gym where I have no hassles and no one's on my machine. And there's no stupid groups of people that have no idea what they're doing. No problem. I'll pay that all day long. Yeah. And I think, you know, it's crazy. I didn't, I didn't realize how well you guys did it. Because I'm spoiled when I come to your gym, it's, um, yours, but I just, I think a gym is differently than most people. They're all mine. Like, we're walking on my car, home. You know, you know, as long as they have good equipment and they let me use it, I'm comfortable. I really realize now, after seeing what Lance has done with muscle factory, that you guys created something. Like, I told him the other day, he was like, I'm thinking about doing something, another gym, I would, no, no, no, no. I need you sitting in that chair. You, like, no, I couldn't replace you. Like, people know they walk in. Lance is here. He knows everybody by name. I'm like, I really realize that that's what you guys have done. And in you, particularly because you're there all the time with your gym that has immense value, you realize, oh, I actually kind of know every person in this room every time I come. Yeah, it's kind of cool. Yeah, I did get in a love it. You know, some people don't, like, talk to people with the gym and I don't know everybody. That's cool. You know, some people don't say I have to front desk, but they just, like, walk through, you say hi to them, they don't say hi back. But some people are just shy and they just don't, you know, they're not that they're rude. They're just like, you know, in a super fucking hurry, you know, a lot of people can barely fit the time to work out in their day. So, you know, we don't bug everybody trying to talk to them, but, but yeah, you know, generally a very friendly gym is, it's got that community feel to it. And they're usually where most of the body builders wind up. Yeah, one people know, I think that's the big things. I don't really talk to people either. Yeah. But they, they do know that if had a few instances where someone would just walk over say, hey, you know, I had a girl just recently come over and she goes, I hurt my back doing dads and I want to squat, but I don't know if I should yet. And I was like, oh, let's put you on the pendulum and see, you know, I made sure I asked her what the injury, what is the injury? It was safe. We went over and I mean, now it was funny. She, uh, she's moving to Tennessee. She went into a gym now and she walks into, she gets up and pendulum squat. I think I was like, I love that machine and she goes, oh my, uh, a guy from my gym dusty told me about it goes, oh, so you're talking about, uh, you know, he knew that he actually literally goes, oh, muscle factory. She was like, that's what. Power of Instagram, buddy. Exactly. So good stuff, man. You got to know his question. Like rock ander. What do we do? I got tons. Let's, let's start out with this one. Yes. What do you consider? I don't know where I get these. Some of the ones people send me. I love the big of you. The good ones. I don't know if this is too early for this one. This might be a heavy one off the bat. What do you consider? There we go. Okay, Dusty's ready now. I'm ready. What's the greatest invention of all time? For now. I'm done. No, no, no, no. What would you say? Man, do you go early or do you go like, you know, I think, I think, there's a change. That may, you're bringing a good question because it's very difficult. I mean, if I say the internet great, but what about cars? What are the air condition? I mean, or so many little things that we have been invented. They're like, oh, so you got, so you got, or you got like concepts like agriculture. Yeah, Jesus. Now you know, right? Or I need all of them or plumbing. Right? Like to say, go what happened to the cities when, you know, they invented plumbing. Let me see the example. That's a form. Why this is such a hard question to answer. Or in living. So I met a guy that seems to be a friend, polio, small epoxy. Sorry, I'll stop. I'll speak small. I met a guy who, who, to a friend who's like up the multi-multime multi-millionaire talking and I was like, what do you, what do you do? I think it was a big thing. He goes, oh, I invented the PVC elbow. Yeah, I'm like, tell me about this guy. It didn't always turn. What the fuck was it? You can't get what was the best way to do it. I mean, what do you hear that you're like, well, why did we have a PVC pipe? The guy that with the pipe didn't make the turn. So my point is, is the best inventions almost impossible because every single thing matters. I mean, this day and age, I will say the best invention for me. And this is just for my little life of this point. The internet has been an amazing thing. Right? And that's an encompassing thing. But like, I pretty much only know people because of the internet. I can only keep in contact because people because I haven't seen you in like a year and a half. But you literally forget that. Like if I were to come there tomorrow, I wouldn't be like, dude, I haven't seen you so long. I sorry last week. And I don't know. God, but yeah, what do you think is the, and I guess vaccines are probably the greatest thing because we would all be dead. You think about numbers. Like that's what I mean, you know, or is it antibiotics? antibiotics, probably. I don't know. One of the two, like medical stuff. And then you got electricity. Hey, I would have seen things anytime prior to now, I would have been even a weaker human than I am now. Oh, the battery. A eternal combustion engine, as you mentioned, craziness. It's interesting to think. Good. Good shit right there. Trend blown acetate. Yeah. No, it, it, it, it makes you wonder about stuff when you think what's a greatest invention of all time? Because you know, they all build and stack on one another and something started it, too. Yeah. Or is it just yours to give us some examples in the comments? What are some more promising? Hey, hey, you go back far enough and you get the wheel. Exactly. Right. You know, some guy said the horse isn't enough. Yeah. Yeah. That's okay. I said the horse isn't enough. No, man, it's, it's crazy. So what am I, I got to bring this up because we're talking about inventions. So here's a little history for you. So one of my favorite quotes. I just got to make sure I find it here. Don, I ruin this. Okay. So there was a report to Congress in 1843 by a patent office commissioner. Now, there's a little bit debate on who actually said it, apparently, according to the internet, a lot of times it gets credited to a guy named dual in 1902. But the thinking now was actually a report to Congress in 1843 by a patent office commissioner named Henry Ellsworth, who was talking about how he didn't think the patent office was that important anymore, because everything that can be invented has already been invented. We don't need to do this anymore. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Like, you know, we're pretty much invented everything. So, but they say Charles H. Dual was the one who is the commissioner in 1899. And he, he said it. He didn't write it. He said it. So, but he so he gets credited almost these articles as saying that, you know, ah, you know, everything that's been invented has already been invented. I don't know what we're all saying a little regret. Yeah. No, this might be a government department that we can close soon. You know. So, it shows you that not everyone in government has the vision. Oh my god. Right. This thing that I was the head of the patent office. And that was his vision for the future. So, these people were electing, you know, it's it's really like it. We're not electing the smartest people. We're electing a random neighbor. That's who we're electing. Random neighbor and we're not quite sure if he agrees with us on much. That's why. Yeah. But then you and then you got to you guys in the other end of the spectrum. Like, could you imagine if you were to say that to like Elon Musk now? Well, aren't we kind of cap that? Isn't this the end? Yeah. Isn't this all our great, great, great, great grandchildren? Are we going to see right here right now? So, I have to depart from the quote, well, there's kind of some questions about TV shows and stuff here. But I have to go to TV shows now. Roll. So, two things about TV shows. First of all, have you got back into Yellowstone? I did watch an episode since you sent me the reminder. Now you've got it. You've got it. No. Okay. Season one ends. Awesome. And season two, let me just tell you, it watch out. Like, you think sons of Anarchy on a ranch? Okay. You're going to get sons of Anarchy on a ranch pretty soon here. But you've got it. Because season one you're like right, but I didn't realize how right I was. Yeah. Season one you're like, well, it's kind of like sons of Anarchy on a ranch. But, you know, not quite as violent and, you know, you know, a seedy and, and then season two comes. You're like, oh, okay. Now we're getting dark. Now they're turning out of the light. Now they're now they're letting the characters faster. Right. And, and that, you know, stuff starting to boil over and I'm like, oh, God, this is this is, you know, this is going to get really, really messy. So, yeah, we might have to revisit that cowboy biker discussion. Yeah, we, we, we, we, we, we're catching right now. So the good news you're giving me reasons. I realized the other day when you sent that to make it, I was like, why am I stop watching? I wasn't bored of it. It wasn't like it was off. And I just realized when sons of Anarchy was out, I was an appointment in life. We're sitting in front of my TV was an important thing to do. Right. It is, and now I laugh because I've been trying to switch insurance. It's going to save me like a couple, like a hundred and something bucks a month for my health insurance. And the ladies, like, are you serious? I'm like, I hate to tell you this, but the things I'm doing make me more than the hundred and something bucks a month. So I'm just trying to find time for you. Right. I think I really appreciate that I only need 15 minutes, but it's hard to find at the moment. Yeah. So back now it's, and now I don't. Improgency. I don't want people to think I watch TV all the time. I hardly have time for it. But that's why I'm so specific about what we watch. But that's why, but that's why we're having this because you, you actually checked it on me. That's what I knew I was like, I got to get back because I actually, because we watched it. We watched it episode a night and that's a stretch because you don't sleep. So I laugh because you're you text me, you sleep a weird hours. You text me like super late and I'm like, Ron, know's I'm awake. Yeah. You got to watch it. So now, so that's what Emily and I are watching is is the Yellowstone. But then I've got my own show and I finally got back into it because I took a huge break and it was that sci-fi show on Amazon called the Expans. I've seen that on my TV, I'm an option but of course I've never watched it. So I talked about it earlier and I thought it was good. There had some cool characters and stuff and it was kind of a neat, you know, really neat premise that they've set up. Like the world that they created is really cool. And first three seasons, first, first two and a half seasons were like, you know, pretty cool. Okay, I'm totally into this. And then what happens is I was told like, it was great, but it wasn't like mind blowing. Right. But I was told that how a season three ends transforms the show and it becomes this like insane even more insane story. And so I was like, okay, what the see where this goes. And then the way they ended season three, I like cannot believe what they did. And I'm so excited to watch season four, which is on Amazon. I'm like, gonna fucking binge it. Oh, I was like, my Emily doesn't like this show is it's just the time she's in her home when you come with another one. Well, she's not really into sci-fi like I am. But then, of course, I'm three seasons deep and she starts watching a little bit while she's eating. She's like, oh, she shows actually pretty good. I'm like, it's true right now until they know you can't watch it. You watch the wall. Yeah, watch the friend of the corner. I can't have your own dad's three seasons ago. You know, you're glad you didn't though because I had that before with with every on where she'd be like, like hinting in and I'm like, I'm not going back. I'm not waiting for you. Oh, no. You're supposed to like, leap no man behind. It doesn't count in television. She ever has left the harbor. This is your ride. You got pick another show. What's your own show? You can you could out when Yellowstone's next. It's fine. Can't shut up if you want. I don't know when with your schedule, but good luck. In between clients. She's on her cell phone watching five seven. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You want to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. You got to ask one. I have to do it. I was having so much fun just being like on the side. Okay. You've really ruined this for me now. Okay, here we go. This is actually a good one. I've went through this for some clients already. How would you change eating if you had COVID and you felt like death? Do your best to eat question? I just like consume whatever easy calories I could. Well, I was sick. On the type of guy that if I was out, if I was like super sick, with the flu or something, I'd like pound a shake and sleep for seven hours. And then I'd like eat a tub of ice cream and make myself have some meat and go to bed for seven. Like I would just, yeah, I'm like your sick. I don't know. I'm gonna say that's why I want to ask that because I've told all of my clients. I mean fortunately, knock on wood and not in the middle of prep. I was like your sick. Who cares? Yeah, well, I like to get like better is what I mean. Like when I say who cares? Who cares about bodybuilding? You're not gonna lose a shit ton of muscle. Whatever you lose your lose anyways because you're not gonna eat enough. Yeah, that's my thing. You get underneath down. That's fine. And like you say you nailed it, too. If there's something that sounds good and you know when you can't eat, if something sounds good, I'll fuck eat that. Whatever it is. Yeah. And I'm assuming too that. When you're sick, there's no way you would ever go over your calories. You're not really that sick. If you don't that'll say, yeah, if you can go over on your calories and actually put fat on, then you're you're you're not sick because you're able to eat a lot. Yeah, not from co. Everyone I know what co with you is it's a battle. And I mean to tell them, I have a crazy belief in stress and cortisol. I'm like, I don't want you stressing about another thing. No, I just relax. I'll shake. I'll shake. I'll never we get through it. We'll get back to work. You know what you're doing sandwiches. You'll be fine. You know what I mean? Simple simple. Okay. Ooh. Go ahead. This is important for you. What more anabolic? oversized t-shirts with sleeves covering the biceps or tentaels. oversized t-shirts for sure. They hold in. I can tell follow us because they're very specific. Like, the science shows that the Androgens evaporate out of your body and the big shirt holds holds in the Androgens steam and it reabsorbed through your skin transdermally and then you get a re-uptake of Androgens, which is why your receptors never need to be reset. Yeah, it's a science. That's literally my answer for everything's stupid. I say what science. Right now, there's someone like really what has Androgens in it. Google, wait, what? They're not clueing into our sense of humorous. That's so funny. Okay. How close are we to having the book 1984 be accurate? Oh my god. What time is it? It's it's give it. I feel back because I feel like the majority of our viewers have no idea what we're talking about. But it's it's frightening actually the the mirroring that's going on. Let's just leave it at only. I heard it. So I have heavy red 1984. Yeah. I have a copy in 1984. Here I was actually going to read it again. So um, but that's George Orwell. So I heard someone the other day and they were, they were not joking or arguing, but they were just like, like having a little conversation about what's more accurate or Well's depiction of the future where we're all controlled with fear, or Huxley who wrote a brave new world, where everyone's controlled with pleasure and and satiation and pacified. It's interesting. It's like, ah, they're both like Orwell's version of the future was very like, it's dark. Very dark. And then Huxley's vision of the future was like that pacified cluelessness of just happy obedience. You know what I mean? I would if I could choose which one was I was going to live in. I'm going pacified because they're like, yeah, they're still even no. Like, yeah, like I laugh. You know, they always say that like what is it um um um like not knowing is an event. What's that saying goes to the arts list? Yeah, like that it's so true because I've seen people that are dumber than fuck in a situation. I'm like, I don't even know if I want to fix that because you seem so happy. I don't want to break the bubble like about Santa Claus. I mean, it's good that you think he's real. It's right. Right. No. That's it. You guys, if you haven't read those, you should. Because the fear won. It's funny with that. I noticed the people who are against living by fear in general more now than ever. You know, and it's becoming more common to be openly speaking out against it, which is which is kind of nice. I've noticed a few people I don't know well. There is. Oh, you and I were on the same team. That's nice. Right. And also too. I sort of feel like I don't want to get too crazy on this stuff. But I feel like the media, you know, the media really tries to divide left and right. Of course, there's a whole lot of people here. But people on the left and the right, the loud ones. They seem to a lot of them like the loud ones. They think the centrist are like the worst type of people who like. We have a side. Yeah. Like they're coming in a haunt and not like not decisive and you're part of the problem and all this sort of stuff. But yeah, I think there's um, so here's a question for you. Do you think the media is going to, well, hey, there could be a transformation of the media because of all the podcasts and the non network controlled sources now. But um, do you think the media is going to try to fix its ridiculous way of operation so that it can become more credible again and try to gain back like trust from the public or do you think that the the corporate media is so far gone that they're just going to like die a slow death. I don't know. I think the media is blocked up. Okay. So they're just they're not going to clue in. And then this then what becomes tricky is the lazy people and I'm, I use a word lazy not in a negative context, just factually. The people will look busy people. Yeah. The people who will not take their time is seek out their own like information will really struggle because they're used to being spoon fed the truth. That's what stop happening. Um, or at least it's my truth. It's kind of like, if you know, if you have a breakup and everyone only listens to your version of the ugly situation, right? And it's not 100% accurate, but there's some pieces in there that are real. That's where the media is. So I do, I think it's too far because I think the powerful people of the world, the people who aren't run by fear, aren't coming back. I walk into my mother's house and they have the news on like, okay, turn that off. Yeah. Like immediately. I don't even want to hear it. Yeah. I'm afraid that I've always, I was joke that's stupidity might be contagious and I don't want to get any on me. One of the things that I was, I was listening to people talk about this exact thing. You know, the kind of loss of market share that the number media is seeing right now with like massive ratings drops. Like, you know, and then viewership on podcasts is like, you know, Rogan's getting fucking like 10 million downloads an episode and just insane shit like that. So they're talking about, they're talking about it and one of the guys said a camera brother names. I'm not like a media pro guy. And he said one of the problems with the corporate media is that a lot of the good smart people have left. Right. And a lot of the people left, so sorry, a lot of people that are still there, are they, they, they're so virtuous in their thinking that they think that they are doing the, that the most good thing they can do by being a type of media person they are. Like, they think it's the, they think it's good for society, that what they're doing. So it's hard to change it. Well, I think what's happening in some places and I think I might have mentioned this, but I'm not sure, uh, here the highest rated night show of news has been the same two people since I was a kid, uh, and about a month ago, the woman of the two, not only did she leave, but she voiced why, and she literally said, I can't, this isn't news anymore. This is not something I can be proud of. It's not something I put my name behind. Right. And we're not doing our jobs anymore and the media has changed. And when you hear somebody who your parents and now you are an adult with kids have been listening to and you trust her as an individual. And she says that you're like, oh shit. Because when Dusty says it, I'm fucking me head if it's got opinions like who gives a shit. But when someone you've looked to as truth, literally says, hey, we're we're lying to you now. And I can, I mean, literally, she was like, I don't even know what I'm gonna do, but I can't do it this way anymore. You know, she's like, I don't even know what I'm going to do. I'm like, we're gonna read a book, but anyways, I'm saying, but you know, I mean, that's good. When I saw I was so happy because I was like, oh, that's gonna get some of the outliers that couldn't see it yet to go away. Yeah. And they're a Katie, whoever fucking name it says this now, too. Shit. Maybe we have the, there'll be a lot more of that. Yeah. I think there's going to be some pushback. There's got to be some cultural pushback to all this sort of hype being everything and making everything so sensationalistic and over the top. And, you know, every single thing is offensive and I, and then focusing on the outrage and there's got to be a pushback to it because I see I hear a pushback in everyone I talk to, even the people that I talk to like that are kind of more polarized to left or right. Like I got friends that are like, you know, old-born, carry constitutional mother fuckers. And then I've got friends that are like, you know, leftist university, you know, under studies that are going for PhDs. Right. And they all say the same thing. And like a lot of them, a lot of them say the same thing, not all of them obviously, but the ones I'm friends with say the same thing they're like, yeah, it's like, you know, we got to, you know, stop the media's just bullshit right now and so, so more people are becoming being, you know, recognizing it. Yeah. You know, so I don't know, I have high hopes. I'm optimistic. I don't, I'm not black pillow to be heard that term, black pillow to. I don't know. Yeah. So you know, there's red pill and blue pill. Yes. Right. Like the red pill or the ones that are like a wake to reality and the blue pills or the ones that are living in dream world. Yeah. And then now there's just term black pill, which is, you, you just think you're, you're like, okay, I see clearly now everything's going to fucking end. The economy's going to crash. The organ has a race war coming. Currents he's going to be devalued most of measurable levels. We're going to be killing each other for cancer 2 and a let's get ready. So that's like, I'm, I'm not black pillow. I'm, I'm pretty optimistic that we're going to work things out and, and we're going to realize, you know, all this nonsense frying our brains. Yeah. No, it all. I mean, I think at the end of the day, it's like your own personal life. Eventually it all works out to you. Of course. Well, mine. But it's not that way I have to do something. You look back and you, oh, that's why I had to go through that. Yeah. I don't know what's going on in my gastron, but it's fucking wild. Yeah, who knows? Are the people you have over at your house? Who knows what's going on in your gastron. Fucking wild. Okay. You go ahead. You got one? The hookers are doing here. Oh, sorry. Here we go. Mm. Uh, uh, uh, did you just say dead hookers? I said I didn't remember the hookers coming in, but apparently it's way too loud in there. I know where I got dead hookers from my apologize for that. Oh, because it's not so out of reach. Um, oh, this is good. I'm trying to touch some of these sometimes if I don't think they're bad. Uh, Deca only cycle. Is it stupid or effective? Well, I would never do it because my body hates Deca. So, this is, this I laugh because so does mine, but to answer the question, um, I know that Jordan had great results with that. Um, yeah. I don't know if there's no task, but I think it was like, I think it was like 200 milligrams. Like super low. It might have been none. Um, but he said he could eat. Uh, unlike when he was on other cycles and that's something I press. I know you do too, Ron is like anything that affects your eating has to go. And also to side effects are almost always just dose dependent. So, you know, maybe my body hates Deca because I was always taken it with in 750 tests and, you know, 50 makes anodroller, whatever, you know, well, maybe if I was just on nothing, but, you know, 150 or 200 makes a Deca, maybe I would have felt like a million dollars and had no problems. Yeah, well, some guys could be crank on a Deca only cycle, they'll take it on a milligrams of it. Yeah. Um, I'm like you. I would never know because there's a few things in the arsenal that are popular tools that I've thrown out years ago. Like, oh, I hate you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know exactly what you mean. You know. Yeah. But yeah, I, here's my answer to the question, guys. I, I think I'm repeating this so often. No matter what I say, Ron says, anybody else says, you've got to find what works for you. And I think that's the thing to press. Like, you really want to know if a Deca only cycle works, do it. Yeah. I mean, it's not going to, you'll know if you don't like it. And it's not going to hurt you. Now, I'm not saying, oh, you're not sure if four grams of test works, give it a shot, but with something that's sensible, give it a roll and then you can decide because it's just like training. It's not one size fits all. The, the never ending arguments are everyone wants to put everyone else in a box. You know, I was having a conversation with Tommy other day and when I was coming up, I would try everything. So when branching Johnny, when they're primed, I was like, I don't know about that training, but I got a fucking try to look at these two. You know, so I started training in the violent, I don't even know what to call it, man, or that they trained in. And my four arms were fucked up and I had golfers this and tennis that and I'm like, Jesus, I changed in sports with the fuck's going on here. My body could not handle that in every way. I strained a pack three or four times trying to get explosive on inclines. But I never said that training is stupid. Right, because the results screamed not training is awesome. Some people have no problem with it. It doesn't work for me. And that's so that's the answer on the Deca thing to is, you know, coincidentally, Ron and I neither one of us use it, but I'm also telling you, I'm fucking give it a roll. See what happens. Yeah. Okay. You're out. I agree. I agree. Here's one for you. I don't know if either one of us can answer this. I'll make something up. Let's do it. What is the key to being engaging and interesting as a host in a YouTube video? Okay. I can answer this actually. Okay. Dusty's on it. This is easy. Be yourself. Because here's the thing. There are people who get on my channel and like, oh my god, I get it all the time. I don't know how you don't have more subs. This is the most the greatest secret blob of I have other people like this fucking guy never stops. Everything's a joke, always laughing. No good. Point being is there's someone for everyone. You might be dull as shit to me. And someone else might be like, this is so much great information. I love it. So stop trying to decide what your viewers want and create it. Do what you do. The market will decide if they have a value for you. But I just don't think you can create something. I have a lot of people I really respect and look up to that are phenomenal. I would never try to do their thing because I wouldn't be good at it. Yeah. I know exactly what you mean. I don't know what point it was. Maybe it was before bodybuilding or before all the videos and before everything. But I remember like, I remember when Ryan first pointed a camera at me for a moment. I remember knowing already at that point the only hope I have here is to just be myself. Right. And there's going to be a whole bunch of people that think that I'm boring and unimportant and whatever and there's going to be all these comments. But there will be a bunch of people that are going to connect because I already knew at that point plus rich was in my ear the whole time. Your audience will find you. Right. He said it's about time. Your audience will find you. It don't matter. Film yourself eating a bowl of cereal. The people that want to watch you eat cereal will watch you eat cereal. There's an audience for that. That's so true. He's like there is that your audience will find you and he's like, that's why that's all I'm going to do. I'm just going to put my personality out there and that's what they're going to get. I remember him saying that. That's all I ever. I knew that was my only hope because it's sort of like I see it as having a fake internet personality or like a separate person that you become. It's different when you just go into mode. That's different. I go into host mode all the time. But to become a separate person, it would be like having a second wife and trying to keep it a secret. It would be so much to manage at some point. It would take up too much space to be two separate people and try to have your internet personality that's all built around this artificial nonsense and this hosting personality and then also be yourself. They would just be too much work for me. Maybe some people are up for it. Maybe some people love that idea. I'm keeping this. I'm going to be this and then I can handle being that. You know what I mean? I don't know how it works in their brains. Not I can't be saying. I think what it was for for me, truthfully, is unlike you. I had no plan at all taught who's here filming this weekend. Literally showed up to a photo shoot that I did for I force after my first overall win. He's like, you might have played a film in it? I'm like, and then as we started doing things, he came in a town one time and literally like the Costco videos, which would put me kind of on the map. So to speak, right? He's like, I'm going to film you. And it was just like you were talking about earlier. It was him and I. So I was joking with him and fucking around in the store for getting that people are watching it eventually because at that point I didn't even know they who's going to watch it. We don't even have a YouTube channel. Like what do you I was literally fucking off. So like you said the only difference in the in the YouTube person out is it's all turned up because I you know, I don't literally sit around and joke nonstop in the fucking jam or I'm cooking. No, no, but when you're doing that, it's the same thing that I do. So this is my job to entertain. And sometimes I'll literally get done ago. That was a little far, but we'll see. Yeah. That was a lot more jokes than necessary, but I didn't know what to do. I was standing there doing nothing. But I decided that it's the same shit. I mean, you and I hang out, that is who you are. It's just a little more because they're going to watch for 10 fucking minutes. Well, yeah, it's like interviewing someone. I mean, you don't want dead air. So if there's a camera pointed at you and the guy's filming, I mean, he'd give him something. Yeah, but you know, where you draw from, you draw from like a fake personality or do you just kind of like pull real out of your ass and not put it up at your jokes. I mean, that's what that's what I say here. If it was an awkward silence because that's what we're going on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I like that. Rich is advice is great though. It's so funny to hear somebody like him had that because it's true. Like I am amazed at what people do want to watch. I'm like, well, so it's sort of a mind this question kind of reminds me in a way of the old school pro wrestlers. Right. And they would wind up kind of becoming their personas. Right. Because the personas were so over the top that, you know, and and got and would garner them so much attention. Like, you know, just think of Hulk Hogan when he's in mode, you know, we're a macho man. You know, when he's in this and he's talking like, you know, when he's he's in his character. Yeah. And, you know, if the fans, the fans would see them later and they would want that character. There's one more of a time. Yeah. And they wind up like a lot of those old pro wrestlers. They kind of winded up like being their character all the time and it got weird to some, you know, some point to got weird, you know, right. But some of them. Okay. You know, imagine your neighbor is like, one of those guys when you talk to him, he's like, talks like that. Oh, you see. You know, I'm just asking if I can borrow some sugar. Why are you being someone weird? How's the weather been? It's been really rainy. You know, it's. Don't actually be fun to fuck with your neighbor and be like, move into the neighborhood. You just did all that ship in like a weak straight. And if I, there's all that brought out. I was just following you. Yeah. Just want to dress like that all the time. They, they, who the fuck is this guy? Oh, okay. It's great. Okay. I got, I got, yes. And this one's for you because God knows I'm not qualified. I have to apologize for a terrible impression of what was kind of like not meant to be macho man, but what sounded like a bad macho man. You know, I was just trying to be over the top. I was just trying to be like wrestler guy. It was more of a generic impression than a macho man impression. So no offense to the hardcore is out there. They're all pissed. They're not just them off to run into terrible savage impression comments. I must go to the combat section. That did shame to the king. You know, they're getting ready right now. Okay. What's the date idea for someone you don't know on a first date? Make it fun or dinner? I think that this is my advice. Well, here's advice. Never go to a movie on a first date. You know, get to talk. You don't get to know each other. Nothing's going on. Of course, we all did it one way younger because that's the only place you could maybe, you know, hey, make out a little bit. I'm a bad guy. So anyways, I would do, you know what, well, depends on where you live. Like, hey, going for like a walk to grab like a coffee together instead of just meeting for a coffee. Maybe meet at a park and walk to get a coffee. I don't know. I'm just coming up with random ideas as if I was like some young guy dating for the first time. Because like you know, it's weird. The question that would through me is I've never been in a situation where I didn't know the person at all. Yeah. Yeah. That's like dating. Like so I would at least know like, okay, this should would would think many golf is fun. Right. You know, versus, you know, that's actually something with what have been here. I'm you got to we got to stop and appreciate the, the imagine going on a first date with someone who didn't know anything about what kind of fucking just think like that's sort of where I was when I was thought of the question. I was like, okay, well, we got to think that's where you're supposed to be though, because that's where the yes to be. Yeah, because if you don't know the person, you want lots of conversation on first date. Yeah, because that's you got to, you got to go over music. Yes, or over movies, porn preferences, lots of marijuana use. We got some. You actually really do. You got to cover some bases here. You know, some to decide if you even need a second date or you're not 12. Not like, I don't care too much, but there's a couple of general political things we have to get past. And I'll ask a vague questions around them to kind of get where you're at. Yeah, I'd be terrible in that situation because I would sit down at a clipboard and like so. What are your thoughts on? Right. You think you're back? You're back. You're back. It's a question that's been Biden doing an adequate job with border security. That's, this is not a yes or no. Dig deep. Dig deep. She's sweating. What is happening? I don't know. I have a watch of the news lately. 90 degrees are asked to grasp. I need to know. Right. Yes. You know, yeah. So that I can see that would be a problem for me because the border would run immediately. I don't know what to do on a first date with someone you don't know. Something where you got to talk a lot. I'd be so uncomfortable. I'd never stop talking. I'd be like, like, this fucking dude doesn't stop. Okay. Now I don't want to like sure in that scenario. Or to think like don't check dig like, you know, checks like to do shit. You know, I hate that. Like Emily. I just like, hey, I'm going to go for a hike. To me that is something like an aimless walk in the bush and then you come back to your car. Yeah, I don't get that either. That's like going somewhere. I lived every time someone comes down like, you want to go to the grand canyon? I'm like, why wasn't it beautiful? Like, I don't have never been. Why do you never been? I've seen it. Where the internet? I'm going to drive four hours. Ron, this is what it would be. I'd walk up like, it's a big fucking home. Yeah. It's just like, it's just like, it was restaurants or anything up here. Because we drove four hours to get here. Why what are we doing? Is it if you say shit out of me? Or I love it. No, there's that view. Remember, Stacy was up there. She took the picture. Oh, yeah. I saw the pictures. I saw the view. Where are we going? Or do you take the horse ride to the bottom of the canyon? Which is like, what's in the list? Fucking four hour horse ride. There's something like that. That's not none of this stuff sounds good. What I think sounds good. Helicopter ride over the Grand Canyon. Yes. Right. That in Chicago. I did the city that way. I was like, fuck, I just saw the whole city. I never come back. Where can there you go? Good. Hey, have you been to? Well, kind of. I was flew a helicopter over the whole city. So I kind of been everywhere. Yeah. I did the thing. I did the damp. See you. And I think literally, charity will be there. You want to go for a hike? That's a great spot. I'm like, no, so I just want to go for a walk. That's why I threw that out there. No one think that I'm like into going for walks or anything. No, yeah. Because you did, you said walk. That might have thrown them. Yeah. I'm just taking like, yeah. I also think it's, but you kind of weird to like meet someone for a coffee when you don't really know them. Like you walk in and they're sitting at a table. So, and then the first thing you think is this is the table you fucking pick the one right by the fucking door. You were a laugh of bread to mind. Had a guy, it was just jamming on her, like online, just comments, comments, comments, or funny shoes. You know, all right, let's meet for coffee. What made it start box? So she's sitting there waiting for him. He walks in with a dozen long stem roses. First time they've ever met. Oh, no. She's like, oh fuck. She immediately knew she's like, I can't be him. It looks just like only can't be him. It's not, oh fuck it. That's like awkward. He hands with these and she's like, a lot. The only thing that works at that point is if it's all just a gag. I mean, I'm totally fucking my own a floor. I just want to watch you for a while. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. These are useless in eight euros when the garbage. It's just a fucking with you. We were throwing these away this morning. They were just a prop. Literally. She told me that I'm like, what's already over? It's already done. This guy is a stage five cleaner for sure. I got the bat. I got off the bat. I come in with a wedding ring. What the fuck? Oh, yeah. So there you go. Don't do that. There's my advice. Okay. Is my turn? Yes. What guest have we had that you've learned the most from? Ron. I learned something every up. In fact, today I learned there was something that Ron didn't know a lot of things about. And it threw me back. You did not know the name of everyone that's online or whatever. We were talking about. What that. Oh, no. Okay. Guests. It's not Ron. That's tricky. Who's yours? I'm still thinking. I don't know. I, I, I, I, there's a lot of ways I could take this question. Learn the most from. I, I remember thinking that I learned the most, if I was thinking about the guest, like, learned the most about the guest from. I, I think, Hollinshead. I remember he had some really great stories and he went kind of deep personally. So there was a lot that I learned about James on that podcast. I remember while we had him on twice, but there was a lot that came out on those ones. I thought those were good for learning about the guest. They've all the guests. Great. Oh, yes. Great. You know, it's crazy. So I, I have known all of our guests pretty well. Most of them. Yeah. For the came on. Someone not really. But even the ones that I knew well, I really appreciated the depths of how much further we got to meet them. And I will say that on multiple Hollinshead being one of which I bring you up, I was going to say he definitely altered my views a little bit and just how to look at situations, which I thought was awesome because I, I, I had a much deeper respect for him after our first interview than I had before, which was shocking because I already thought it was awesome. But I was like, I do some areas in life. I could work on, like, literally after you're done, you're like, man, I am super shallow. I should work on this a little I can't get better at that one thing. So when he went into depth about, for example, energy exchange and just, you know, with the Kilman General, I was like, damn, I'm going to take it to the bull and yeah, and then meeting it and not knowing. And I was like, and I do know that I'm a firm believer in it. But when someone can really paint you a picture of it happening, you're like, shit. And so I will say I was more cognizant of that. And it's something I now work with the clients all the time. But literally we'll bring up to them like your energy to this situation is half the problem. And you build that up and all of a sudden the issue goes away. It's purely inside out energy. Right. You know, right. And I credit him for that because I literally was like, man, because I could see it when you're when you're an individual that I don't believe in self-made, but I do think that there's a level of like, I just get shit done because I have to. Yeah. But then you start looking, I'm like, oh, but I do have this guy that I pull from in that guy. You know what I mean? You know, like, then you realize, oh, I should probably step up my game on allowing other people to pull from me. You know, so yeah, I would say Hollingset if I was going to list one would be it. That was that was awesome. I mean, I learned a ton from everybody. Him, his was more stuff. I could directly alter with myself, which I thought was cool. Right. And notice how none of it's about training or nutrition because none of the, none of the guests we've had on have had any secrets regarding training or nutrition at all. My, it's my sling game. I had no idea that JP was some problem. Yeah. JP's music is, is like, yeah. No, yeah. I mean, that's, that's one of my favorite thing when we have a guest on and it gets like way away from the, the gym. Yeah, you know, and you, you can't force everyone to want to go there, you know, because I mean, I know what it's like to be a guest on a podcast too. And, you know, sometimes like I've gone on podcast where I was prepared to tell him anything they wanted to know. And all the questions were just like, how do you cook or chicken? Yeah. That's your favorite incline movement on where do you put your hands on the bar? And after the interview, I was like, Oh, the people watching that interview know absolutely nothing about romparlo. Yeah. You know what I mean? I've been through a few of those, not everyone, like, just a few. And I'm like, I'm not even, I came and remember which ones. But you know, I'm now probably. Yeah. Some of those happen. Those happen. So my, I guess my nightmare is to do that type of interview. I don't ever mean to do that with anyone. You know what I mean? But I think you nail that those. It's where the guests takes it and how they expand on a question because all you can do is ask a question and then get out of the way. I've tried, and I know you do really well at it now to is ask the question and I try my best other than to keep them moving to just shut the fuck up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let them run with it. You know, and if they don't, then I do try to get a little more out than I might realize, oh, that's not him. Okay. Yeah. That's a question. If, if I had to say, is there an episode that you're most proud of that we've done? Yeah. Even that's, you know, it's funny. I mean, it's, I really are guests have been so good. And this isn't like the, it would be difficult to choose one. Yeah. Because I literally have, we've had some episodes. Like, you'll, if I were to name four, you'd say another, oh, fuck yeah, that one where I've really walked away and like that was really good. Remember there's a couple where I literally told you I was like, man, that one was on. Like, to the point where if I, if it wasn't me and I'm so lazy, I would actually probably listen to it again. Because it's like, oh, I learned a shit time from that person. Like, I knew as soon as we were done with JPL on and back, yeah, I wanted to haul and said back, like, we're looking to clocking with the fuck's been too hard. We have to let them go. Jesus. Yes. So, what was the word be the one that you'd be the most proud of? I think I'm the right, I think I'm the most proud of the cutler interview. Okay. What's that? Yeah. I don't know. Well, I think I was just excited to have them on. You know, like J commented when we started the show, we hadn't even done an episode yet. Do you remember any comment when am I on bro? Yeah. And I thought, oh, we're going to get them on right away. And it just took so long to line them up that I was like, fuck, we looked down for not having them on. And then, and then all of a sudden, he message me, he's like, hey, what am I on your show? And I was like, fuck, it's been a year. Yeah. So, I remember just where we wasn't, he like, the year episode of right. He's like the, like, almost the one year episode or something. And then so we had him on, but it just went really well. And, and, and, and also it was like a nice reminder, um, you know, like, everyone has their, everyone has their level. So, you know, if J is going to come on our show, I want to be ultra respectful with his time. Right. What I mean, and he was like, oh, no, I got lots of times keep going. You know, like, that's sort of thing. Like he, to know that he had a good time on the show was important. And I think everyone feels like that when they have a guest like J on, like, you know, I mean, it's, uh, you know, you don't want to fuck that one up. For sure. And we remember when we went, we had the, the incident where it didn't record or whatever you had like, corrupted the file. And you couldn't he couldn't transfer the file or something. I felt so fucking bad for him. I was like, oh my god, he get two hours of J's time. Yeah. And then J did it again because obviously it was that good. Yeah. You know, that's a way to, you know, you know, it's a way to, you know, it's a way to, you know, it's a way to, you know, it's a way to, you know, it's a way to, you know, it's a way to, you know, how do you, how do you do you, you two, personally? I, uh, I think that who out is phenomenal at interviewing. I just, I feel like he's got a plan. I think, I mean, I literally, if I do have 10, 15 minutes to listen to a podcast, I don't really watch the, by the unbox stuff because it's just entertaining, but I do like his other ones. I think he's awesome. And I'm blown away when people don't think that. I'm like, really? What is he supposed to fucking do? Yeah. Because remember we hadn't, when we interviewed Chad, that's when I realized it. Someone's like, oh, thank God, someone else in your business. Who are the, like, are you serious? I think he's fucking amazing at this. Like, yeah, I kind of look at him in the industry. He's like, the bar. Yeah, he's really good at it. He's really good at it. You know, he, he, he, he, he takes his time and he takes risks with some of his guests, too, which is, you know, which is good. Because that's like what, what Rogan said, like, Rogan got to the, you know, Rogan never thought anyone is ever going to watch a stupid fucking show, right? So he's having like Tom Green on and like, whoever the fuck he wanted to have on, right? So he does, he can't let, you know, and then you see, who I'd get real comfortable with his guests when he start taking chances and having like, you know, some exercise physiologists that no one really knows except for like the super nerds. Yeah, and cranked cranking. It's a great episode, you know? Yep. So yeah, God, I got a good one here. What is something we do today that future generations will look back on with shock and disbelief? There's lots of stuff. How far into the future? It's funny because this will make you laugh, but it's, it's, it also depends on what your mindset is when you answer this question. Because here, here's what I'm going to answer. It's going to blow your mind specifically, but in general, a lot of people's. I hope that what we do right now that they look back at disbelief on is trading in relationships and marriages like they're nothing all the time. And I say that as someone who's been married twice, so don't, you know, not throw on a rock from a glass house here, but I am amazed. And I feel like our industry kind of magnifies that. It's something that's kind of bothered me recently. So I'm hopeful that that is something and I know that's not where the question was supposed to go, but it's literally the first thing to get in my mind. Because I think of how acceptable everything is now, even we joke about I joke about it, even with myself. It's like, that's not really fucking funny. Yeah, the degradation of the willingness to fix relationships because you're only as loyal as your options. Yeah, and that goes with all of our hinders fold. Yeah, everyone's on. Friendships, that's what everything. And I used to joke about that more openly. And now when I see it, some of them are like, Jesus, really. Yeah. And again, same thing with friendship, same thing with the big hit for me recently that some people will not understand is the weight belts. Cardinal weight belt Steve has been in the industry and had everyone's back literally a lot of us have never paid for a belt in our lives. And it or we have, but he's always taken care of it. And I understand it just changed other people can make belts. But I am surprised how many people he has taken care of that are just pimping the next thing. And I'm always like, really, just to me, it matters. He's never paid me a dollar. He's never asked me for a post. I've gotten a hit, hey, what's your address right now? And then something shows up in the mail. But that is a, that's kind of those relationship things. It's a disappointing portion of life to me right now. And I hope. And I'm actually talking to enough people that they seem like I'm not the only one seeing it. So yeah, I know that that's not the point of the question, but that would be what I would hope. I would hope that two generations now they'd look back and go, man, they were fucking at up for a while. The loyalty back. Yeah, exactly. So, okay, interesting. I guess I was thinking more like where it was meant to be. Oh, you're thinking the way the question was asked. I took it way, I mean, I think in, you know, in a hundred years, there'll be like, wow, these to burn oil for fuel. You know, stuff like that or, or hey, they stopped using, because I had some immediate present. Right. Oh, my bad. Well, by that point, I think we'll hopefully onto some sort of other sort of energy. I mean, like Elon Musk talking about nuclear, nuclear fusion, not like relying. Like, well, he was saying how he still thinks it's possible that we'll have, you know, completely clean, you know, like infinite energy from nuclear sources at some point. It's possible. Right. It's pretty crazy. But anyways, I, you know, the fossil fuel stuff, I guess. And then, I think that we're going to come to a point where we're not going to be eating meat anymore. I think that meat-based agriculture is going to come to an end in the next, you know, 50 to 100 years. And I think synthetic laboratory produced meat is going to be a huge thing that is used in, in a lot of areas of the world. And I mean, I've read some like a, read interviews and listen to podcasts. People who've tried it already. Like, they went to a lab and they ate like synthetic meat. And so, just the texture was different. But it's essentially like Sam Harris was talking about how he went to a lab and he ate some beef. Right. And it just looked like a brick of spam. But it was beef, beef protein. 100% beef cells, muscle cells. Let me think. I mean, that would be nice. Because I'd find a way to handle the things that we don't like about how beef is essentially produced. Right. And essentially, it is beef. Right. Like, it is beef. It's not fake beef. It is real beef muscle tissue. Right. Like, it just doesn't, it just hasn't walked and flexed and pumped and processed. And they can know how they feed beer to certain cows in Japan and fatten them up. And they, yeah, salt them and they get the Kobe beef. Yeah. Yeah. So you don't get the beer and you don't get the massage and you don't get the same meat. Right. No. But it's beef. And you know, if you want to ground it, grind it up and cook ground beef. It's fucking ground beef. And, and, you know, I'm sure we'll solve all the palate and flavor issues. That's not a problem. They can flavor anything. They can do it. They've done this far. Like, they can make a bitch veggie burger taste good. They can make fake beef tastes like beef. Yeah. Would you, you know, just like, because you be so good because it's not fake beef. Yeah. So I think that synthetic meat is going to be a huge thing. Just think of feeding meat that never had a mother. Well, just think of it this way to grow enough to grow enough food like plant food, you know, fields of wheat and fields of all this, like agriculture, grow enough food to feed the world, even with green houses where you're cranking out like hydroponic crops faster. Yeah. Um, you still need so much space and so much water and so much light and so many acres and all that stuff. Right. But they're saying synthetic meat could be produced in laboratories pretty quickly. Right. Like, think of how long it takes to grow a cow. Oh, it's way faster than that. That's fine. You're going to think about that because they're constantly building the next cow for you to eat and also, you know, the, the, and that's the, I actually completely understand the vegans and the vegetarians who look at the conditions and can't get past it, you know, because because I think we all have lines with how we do that. Like, when I think of things that are done to dogs in any negative way, I'm only going to go into depth with that that means the amount of violence that comes out of me and anger is unbelievable. So I understand that from any animal. Yeah, you know, I have no issue eating a cow, but I could tell you, and this is funny, but I have no interest in going hunting. I, and it's, and I have nothing against it. Obviously, I, you know, my neighbor goes out hunting brings home me and I'm like, yeah, hooking up. I don't want to be responsible for something ever having its last breath because I have a connection like that's an animal. I don't know I just can't do it, you know, but then point is there's lines. I'd go fishing, think nothing other. Right. Oh, so I do see where people come from and I would have no issue. You're like, oh, well, now you have the same thing you need need and it comes from a lab. Like, a sweet cool. We don't have to do that. You want to come in. Right. Right. Yeah, it's interesting. It also like, you know, think of like storage and and do dates. I mean, maybe they can engineer all that stuff. So it's even longer and better and sure. I hope they can do it without it being without the sides because that's always been my issue, for example, with milk. I used to get raw milk from the farm. You go down, you'd buy it and they made it where you can't do that here anymore. And it truthfully, without getting a crazy depth, but if you give people through some research, I have personally believed that if you want really, really healthy milk, it's raw milk. It's not pasturized. It's not all the things that the government, once again, is doing to protect to me. What the fuck's it up? Right. You know, the quality of it. So, you know, now I actually have to watch my dairy and you know, what I bring in because it affects my allergies, where it never did if it wasn't processed to fuck. Right. Right. You know, so yeah, that'd be interesting for sure. There'll be so many things because like you said earlier, like back then, I think in what else would we possibly patent? Yeah. Like, how could there be more than this? So I'm sure if you go, if you go for the 100 years, they're going to laugh at half of the shit we're doing. Yeah. Even when I look at, you know, Tesla's and all these, you know, non-gas running cars, I'm like, how does it do that? That speed, that this, that that without gas? That's crazy. Just going to keep getting smaller too. Oh, of course. Like, yeah, it's good. I think of the first cell phone, buddy. Oh, man. That, that 80's drive. That Marseidi's driving, you know, rich asshole with a big brick. But the junk, you know, plugged into a cigarette lighter. He's like, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah. So, so, you know, like, he's a joke now. Every 80's movie villain. Exactly. You know, he was the only one that had the money for that kind of luxury. Actually, I have a good one here that, and you might not even know about this yet. Thoughts on JP's update. Oh. What was it? Is update? Last, last update I saw was that he was doing some crazy deadlifts after pulling his hand string. So, here it is, here's the deal. And it's funny because I actually, I saw this coming. JP has decided he's done gasing up. Okay. On the TRT. He's going to show what you can build that way on, you know, 200 milligrams. And he didn't, you know, he even said, you know, you know, if he's going to go on a vacation or something, he might bump a little something in just for fun. But basically, he's done chasing size and taking the drugs and everything else. And he wants a more healthy lifestyle. What put him over the edge was Andy, Pam, and even though we all know what it was a complication, I think all of us have been seeing enough death and enough issues that eventually you kind of wake up and go, yeah, I've been playing this game a long time and I'm still here. Maybe I should cash out now, you know. And I saw it coming anyways because you know this, a lot of people don't, when you, I have not been under 270 pounds. I don't know, seven years, like even in contest shape. I haven't been under 270. Yeah. Those. Dusty disc froze. Dusty just froze. Yeah. Yeah. You have been there. We go Dusty and froze after he bad for a little bit. Yeah, I paused when I was saying that so we can hopefully, but basically the the rundown is he's going to be running low dose. It's going to run everything the same as far as just training things like that, show us to Zieg and I dig it. I think it's a great move because he's been there done that. He also, let's be honest here, he also didn't fuck around with doses. Like he already kind of proved his point. It's not like he had room to like bump it up more to see how it went. Like he'd already done, hadn't he already done like the 4000,000 milligrams cycle and stuff? I don't want to put numbers out there. Yeah, I don't know the numbers. He openly said some numbers. Did any 3500 or something? I might be wrong. He never sold that. I never saw that, but here's what I know without even getting into that. He pushed the limit as far as he could. Yeah, in every way, the training way, the food way. Yeah, and that might have just been a few cycles too. I'm saying that's what he always did because I know that it's always trying to get the most out of the least with JP as well. Yeah, no, I think when I say that what I mean is he did what he could do and I think he didn't realize. The reason I said I saw it coming was he started referencing looking forward to coming down. I don't think most people who follow JP have any idea how big he is. No, it drastically bigger than me. Dressedically bigger than me. It's JP is one of the guys. JP is one of the guys where at the Expo, he looks funny. Yeah, at the Expo with a bunch of meat heads that are all freaks. You're looking at like, oh yeah, pro bodybuilder, pro bodybuilder, you know power left there, we're strong man, giant people, giant people, and any sea JP, you're like, oh, that guy looks like crazy. He's a completely covered in his shirt. Yeah, I think it like what's wrong with that guy? Like he's so fucking thick. Yeah, I mean, what is he? Five, seven, five, six, something like that? Yeah, like in, you know, 300 plus. Yeah, very plus all the time. I mean, he's just a massive human. And the reason I bring that up is because I've been telling people that for the last few years, I purposely just relaxed and stayed 90 to 85. So I feel comfortable. He hasn't relaxed ever. Oh, no, pushing up or down or whatever. And it gets confused. Because like, oh, I see you traumatic. No, I train hard. Just I love it. But I'm not pushing food. Not in the food is the hard thing. I don't take a shot. It's no big deal. But the food sucks. Feet sore can't walk out of breath. I haven't felt that in years, dude. And so when he said that, it didn't shock me at all. He's been talking about looking forward to moving on. And I think that this just gave him the reason. Because when you start talking about that, you're already halfway out. Yeah, yeah, you know, which is, which is, and that's not even a bat. That's not a shot. What does he need to do it for? There's nothing left to prove. Like I really respect the guys and that keep a physique because they choose to, but literally are like, I don't like, doin. I've been a monster. What do I have to prove? Yeah, yeah. You know, when I'm done and shrunk down, because people will all, you're never going to be that's what I'm like, no, I do. I fucking do. I have no, this is not my identity at all. I love doing it. I did it. I checked the box when I'm done. As small as I can get as fast as I can get. That'll be the right. You know, so yeah, I'm actually looking forward to it's funny. So he hinted to it this morning. I was out the middle of the night shocking. And he said, you know, something about, you know, my announcement or on my forum, if I'm not going to go into it here. So I had to go log on. I became a member of his site years ago because of friend of mine. And I don't actually go on there. But I just support friends if they do things. I, okay, I'll buy. So I went on to go read at this point. I was like, oh, and I assumed that's what it was. But it was cool to read it. And I think it's going to give guys a great insight on the what you can do when you're done and how much you can still carry through training food. And then we wrong there's remnants. I'm not saying you could ever get to where he's going to be in a year without doing what he already did. Right. But what he can hold afterwards. So it's pretty cool. You know, well, that's what I've been going through the last few years. I know exactly what's going to happen with JP probably very similar thing. Well, you know, things are like, yeah, yeah, he's like, nobody's armed with, you know, he's armed with all that knowledge of nutrition and metabolism. And he knows his body like a clock and all that sort of stuff. So he'll just steer his physique into whatever direction he wants to. Like I was really nervous about like, oh, what am I going to look like? But then after a little while, I realized I'm like, oh, I'm still in control of my food and my training. So that's like, that's why I'm still looking the way I look, you know? And then you just realized that, oh, yeah, like, I don't have a normal person's body. I have a body that's the metabolism has been trained and primed for so many years that it's just like, you know, an efficient machine and I can, I can, I can have days where I'm high fat, days where I'm high carb, days where I'm low carb. And I just feel normal on all of them. Right. And I'm metabolically flexible is I saw an interview with a guy talking about metabolic flexibility and how like most people don't have any because they just eat such a shit diet all the time, right? Right. And they don't exercise. So they, you know, the default level for most people is no no flexibility at all. Like a faith fast for a day, they don't even go into ketosis. Right. You know, they just feel like garbage and get hungry and a blood sugar problems. Yeah, but yeah, but if like someone who's really fit and works out fast for a day like my girlfriend, Emily, she fasted the other day. She's been doing the out 20 for our fast. She gets like, she has all the the trademarks that he listed of metabolic flexibility. She, she actually gets more energetic almost like she's on like a, like, uh, uh, a stimulant, right. Almost gets like mentally overactive. Right. And it's, uh, the body is like already running on ketones. You know, halfway through the first day of fasting because she's a metabolic, efficient and flexible. And so anyways, this guy had a lot of cool stuff. I don't know how much of it was true, but it was if you do a 24 hour fast, noticing what your body does tells you a lot about your metabolism. They does it drop into fat burning quickly or do you suffer all day because you don't have sugar. Right. You know, there's a bunch of that. And so he was kind of interesting, but anyways, that's a side bar, but he's going to find out that you can do it every once in that physique. With all that muscle tissue. Yeah, I'm an weak side of that. I think, I think he knows what's going to happen. But I think it's cool that he's bringing everyone along for the ride. So yeah, you know, I'm excited to see plus like I'm still training super, super hard. And I'm still, you know, eating lots of bodybuilding too. Which you will try and I'm trying to be lean. Right. Whereas I know J. P. We'll have more specific goals like he will be tracking strength, mapping out body comp, starting and graphing every thing. He drugs everything else. So I'm assuming J. P. We'll have even better results than I have. Like you'll probably stay bigger, stronger, and get more ripped because everything's like, you know, he's treating it the same. Well, you need to go to his page anyways because he and Corinne are almost finished building their super gym. Oh, I haven't mentioned which means you need to, you got some travel and to do some. Yeah, I'd love to. I'd love to. I got one for you here. So it's what kind of talk about food. They said, this is a friend of mine, Mike. He says, how much consideration to appetite when you're pushing food for size. So this is a big dude. He's like in the two 90s right now trying to hit 300. And I assume by the question that he's running into those first time hitting 300 blues, where you start to be like, I'm so full of food all time I can't, I can't even eat. So this is tricky. I, I, I, lightly consider appetite always. And the reason I say lightly is I have both sides of that scenario. I have a client AJ who I tease him all the time. His appetite never ends. So he's like, I'm hungry. I don't give a fuck. You're fat. Right. Like even when we're like we're growing and you said, be like, oh, you got room for food, fucking eat eat more eat more. Him, I'm like, I realize I couldn't say, shit, this kid to save my fucking life. He'll be 400 pounds. So I'm like, well, you're going to be hungry for the rest of your life. Right. Yes. You want control your physique. You know what I mean? Most people to be honest with you, I don't give any consider to that I give consideration to inflammation and digestion and that's it. So so maybe this is more of a lack of appetite quick, especially then. Yeah. If that's the question then you just fucking eat. But you do want to verify why. Because sometimes I've found, we've been over this, I don't want to go into much depth. But obviously we know that movement helps so walking before meals is key, things like that to just or after meals. You know, yeah, to get the body moving or to get rid of it. But the answer to the question you eat more because you have to. I think something, I think something that too many people are stubborn on. And this is my personal opinion is the whole solid food versus liquid food thing. I understand. So my whole base is about using shakes. I have no problem with shakes. Way protein isolate, especially is extremely high quality. Right. It's some of the highest quality amino acid you can put in your body. Right. There's nothing wrong with it. However, it's really fast in and out. So the consideration with shakes is I tell my clients to never have shakes twice in a row. Right. Because then you create gaps with no protein in the blood. Whereas if you have, you know, 10 ounces of steak and then your next meal's way isolate and then your next meal's 10 ounces of chicken, you're fine. Right. You've got to mean those in your body the whole time. But I get when you're dieting and you're starving, it's the shakes because you get more solid food. There's more metabolic action with digesting the food, yadayada, yadayada. But when we're talking about offseason body builders, there's only so much physical food you can stuff into your system. Like we have to realize that, you know, what? When you get to 10 cups of rice a day and three pounds of meat, you're supposed to keep like how much food can you stuff into your digestive tract and have it go. So there is going to be a ceiling somewhere for everyone. Some people can eat more food than others digest more. Maybe you can use more enzymes. Maybe there's things you can do to optimize digestion, minimize inflammation, all that stuff. But the end of the day eating food is inflammatory right. And stuffing yourself to your digestive tract is literally full from top to bottom all the time. There's going to be an end to that where you can't put more food in. So well bro, just add three more cups of rice doesn't always cut it. And when you're at the point where your food volume is topped out, you have to go to liquid calories. There's absolutely nothing wrong with it. At that point you just topped up. You just gotta get them in. No, I agree 100% I think that that is actually going to mistake in my coaching before we could do prefer whole foods. But when someone asks usually what I'll let determine that and I know I'm not actually being seen right now. Then plug in my back again. Is you gotta get the calories in somehow. Yeah. And those are the easiest ways to get them in. Dante taught me. I grew up and gained on doing shakes with olive oil three times a day. Yeah. So I shouldn't have the appetite and that was just an easy thing. And I was super busy back then when I had the stores, I was in them. So it was also time management because I'm a slow eater. Even if I love the food, I eat slow. I didn't have 30 minutes to eat a meal because if I was busy, that was an hour and a half. So let's give a one more tip here. What would you do if you're like, almost at your goal, but your your appetite is gone to complete shit. I mean, the things that we already mentioned, number one, which is, you know, a little more movement. I do find there's a line where bringing in movement. I'm not going to use word cardio movement. Elevates much more than the calories you burn. You're going to eat more. And the other is just that fine foods that work with you and in my last touches, a lot of times in the off season, when we're pushing for a goal, we accidentally start bringing in more shit and don't realize that's half the reason we can't eat. If I had a giant bullshit meal, my next meal is always a bitch to eat because if I had a giant bullshit meal, my next meal is way isolate blended in water. Yeah. Oh, you're your body is you're back on track. Yeah, it's not used to all this, the shit it's trying to break through. Yeah, clean up your food is step one. And I know it's a tricky line because people like, but their less dense encounters, when poor olive oil all over your chicken while you're cooking it or whatever. Like get the calories. I'm not saying to eat dry chicken breasts and plain white rice. Yeah. I'm just saying that food that your body is more accustomed to breaking down is going to make sure you're ready for your next meal faster. And like you said, the the shakes thing is huge. I used to just also live and die on. I found it's kind of like a movie. It popcorn is seeing on my lap. I will empty it. No matter how big it is, it will disappear. So I used to keep I used to bring up like nuts to my store and keep on my counter. I would just eat them like all fucking day somehow like a handful here and there. Yeah. Well, I then have adding like five ounces of nuts to a day. Yeah, several hundred calories. Yeah. So basically, shit like that, what about you? Anything last I missed? I just say liquid calories. Where you go? You got to start drinking some carbs and some protein and your protein probably doesn't even have to come up because you're probably already eating enough protein. So you have to get some carbs and fats in but liquid calories. You can go to swaps and meals over to shakes so that you can make them even bigger and get your calories out more. Just a thought. I've originally thought I think something else. That ho over there. I remember when I found out what thought meant I was kind of disappointed. I was like, oh, I thought I was going to be funnier. Yeah, that's not funnier. And I know her. So here's one. Here. Oh, is it your turn? Sure, turn. You already have them. Go. Okay. What are some of your favorite old school action movies? How old is old school? Um, I don't know. I probably got a wide of going 80s on most of my for old school. Give me a give me an answer so I can start priming my brain. Wow. I mean, I grew up on the Arnold shit. So I'm watching Kmando and fucking running man and you know all the Arnold classics. So I was I was a man and I'm guy. Yeah, see the van der movies were big too, but I wasn't as much into him. Blood sport and kickbox or time cop was okay. And then I kind of tuned out. I liked those. I don't even know if I come action because they were more like fighting and I'm you know, I mean, like right double impact. I mean, they were too old. I mean, come on now. Two van dams. Yes. Yes. Was it one hockey one? No, no, that was like there were twins. But the one was like the slick back hair with the cigar. Yeah, it was like the pretty boy from California, which one was the one where he was a hockey goalie. I kind of even know that one. Do you've got I didn't even know that one existed. So you got the and he's he's dressed in the hockey goalie. I'll fit. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. He's just he must. He had some bad moments in his career. Oh, that was near the end. He was near the end. He's like, I just need a couple more million to tie up this life of mine here. Have you seen his show? I have a check to show up, but I've had some friends recommended. They say they love it. No, what? He has a show on Amazon Prime where he plays himself. I don't want to fuck up the premise. I think it's a comedy series. But he plays himself. Yeah. I got to find it here. I got to look it up. And I thought, come on, wake up. I don't know if that's going to help. I don't want to fuck it up. It's like, God is name in the title. He's done a few things that were really fucking a double impact. Double team. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Where he plays himself, but he wasn't actually a movie star. That was his cover. He was actually an agent the whole time. Right. And now he's old. I think that's the premise. You know what I mean? And so it's like makes fun of his, you know, everything you did. I can't, I can't remember what it's called. I love it. I think about the last movie. So it reminded me, I watched an interview the other day or it was a question. They were going to be in Dana White. And they asked him. They said, uh, what do you think about your friend Oscar De La Jolla coming out of retirement? He literally without breakage beat goes cocaine's a hell of a drug. It's expensive or something like that. It's expensive drug. You got to make money. I fucking died of like, did he just say that? Yeah. So here. Yeah. That was, that was crazy. He was savage. So it's called John Claude Van Johnson. And here's the premise. It's got good ratings. Van Dam is a name that is synonymous with action movies. But what if he was actually a secret agent and his entire film career was intended to be a front for black ops missions? Actually, they've got, they've got my attention. You know what I mean? So, and I've only actually could follow through on watching television. You know, who we have to ask if that's any good David Bale, though? Obviously. He would have had to have watched it. I'd be kind of get him on. But you know what the sucks? He works a real job. What does he do? I don't know what he did. He's a mean master. He does his meaning. So, well, I just assumed he was at home. Like me. He's a real job. He probably surprised him. He was a job. Oh, yeah. I'm sure he's he's an master physicist or something. But I literally, he goes, he goes, yeah, I get off at five. A hedge fund manager. Literally, that wouldn't shock me. So, yeah, I was like, oh, I don't know how to handle some of the schedule. I don't know what to say right now. I'd love to have one. I tagged him in a photo of the other day just because it may be laugh. Oh, dude. There was some one of my favorite people. Do you follow? Do you follow your dad's America? No. It's one of my favorite accounts. They just put up like pictures from the 80s and 70s basically that are like, like, cool, you know, like your dad's America. It'll be like a dude with a beer and some hot chick like leaning on him with back comb bangs. And he's like, you know, or be some dude on the back of a pickup truck, you know, back in the day when you used to ride in the back of the truck and there was an illegal. There was fun. Like cruising down the highway and there's a dude like drinking beer in the back of a pickup and it's your dad's America. I got time for one more because I actually have like five appointments today. Believe it or not. That's my kind of hostility of people that want to talk to you besides me, dusty. I'm paying them. It's totally different. Okay. Okay. So you pick. Oh, fuck. Oh, okay. I'm getting to that in there. Okay. How did you like? What do you think? I'm going to have a lot left for my son. I'm going to do, I did. I have a, I'm a frightened guy to answer all of these at some point today. Okay. This is simple. But I'm going to do it just because I want to end up on a strong note. What do you think about the blood and guts training program? I think that it's foundationally sound covers a huge amount of shit that you have to pound into your head and focus on. Teachers you have to train with really high intensity if you understand what you're supposed to be doing. Okay. So assuming that people are doing the blood and guts program, they're not just reading it and going, oh, two sets, one set, you know, priming and getting ready for those sets and then treating each one of those sets like a big huge event. That's what I always said to people like those those are just sets those events. That's a great statement. Yeah. Like once a week, that happens. That set right there. Right. It's not just a set, you know. It's like a set that you're that was my mentality the whole time I did that was like, you know, there might be two sets of incline press. You know, I would think about them all yeah. They weren't just sets where I could just be like, I got some incline to do. I'd be like, fuck, like those are coming. That's like job interviews. Right. Fucking like, you know, do a dime moments where you have to like pull something off like you all set out of your taxes done by the 15. Yeah. Like that's like that set is coming for you and it's there all week long. You better be there all week long to thinking about it. Right. That's what I used to think, right. Don't just think about it that after noon on your way to the gym. Oh yeah. I got hacks today. You're just funny. You said that. That's not how any of that got done for me. That's not how any that got done for me. I don't think that that's seen as I mean here. Maybe it never was. But I know it's not seen very much now. So yesterday this is funny. But a kid I'm training is an adjim training and I look over and he's getting into a set and it's starting to get tough. So by reaction, his training partner is behind him on the leg press. And he's starting to grind. So I just walked over and like took over and started pushing, right? And he gets done and I literally didn't say anything like, good set, walked away. You know, and he just stayed in this fucking zone. I didn't even think he knew I knew who he was. We just started. But he gets done with the workout and he comes over real quick and to do himself. And he's like, uh, so when you write the workouts, you know, I got three sets of this. This is like, I got to change your workout. You train way harder than most people. Like I realized during, because I thought it was his final set. It was his second. And I write it all. Only the last set is the absolute failure. And I realized he doesn't even know what that means. Right. Because he was pushing way too hard on his second working set. You know, when I told him, I'm like, no, I want you to hit 20 because you did. But on your last set, I want 17 to be possible. And then I want you to find 20. Right. Just realize him like, this kids fucking gear different. Like, I don't think he knows how to do that. So I'm going to have to change his entire fucking training after watching him do one set. I'm like, oh, that was your second set. Okay, you're insane. You're going to love this sport. Yeah. That's cool. That he didn't even start any partner. Yeah. Yeah. And he should learn how to spot. Yeah. It was hard enough that I was like, I don't want him to mess with me standing here. Like, Holy shit. Like, I would have done that. I didn't know him. I just saw the grind. I'm like, oh, this kid's going to work here. Okay. Right. Right. Then when I found out, oh, that was a second set. I'm like, all right. You're fucked in the head. This can be fun. That's good. That's good. Yeah. I would say the Dorian, the Dorian, you know, blood and guts way of training. It's, uh, I mean, it's made for that kid, though. Yeah. So for people who really, really know how to train hot, not know how want want to train hard, want to learn how to train hard, want to learn how to find those key sets and make them count, I think it's a fantastic default to start. For sure. You know, you can tweak it all sorts of ways, but I think just a repetition, two on one off, two on one off, two on one off, and list, bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu, you get in the groove, you know, you throw, do workout A workout B where you alternate your starting movement, you know, you know, like I'd be hacksquat and one week late pressing the next hacksquat and one week late pressing the next or whatever you're doing for body parts. It's, uh, it's a great way to train. I mean, it's a foundation of everything I still do. Yep. Me too. I might do a lot more of all you now and not go to as deep a failure with the heavy weights and stuff, but it's still like the principles are all there. For sure. Agreed. Well, boss, I gotta, I gotta get cracking. Actually, I'm disappointed because I have really good questions. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, even I'm gonna answer these. I'm gonna save some of them for next week, because I think you're a tweak on them is always good. I, uh, I feel bad because I got like tons of good ones, and then I even had someone like DMs that we didn't get to any of them. So I'm gonna have to do so many on my stories. Good. Well, I'll watch them then. But don't, so save a couple. There's something that are really good to save them because that's what I'm gonna do. I literally just scan through like fuck. I need like two more hours to get these in. Okay. Okay. We'll do that. Thanks, buddy. I'll send you a shirt. Send me your address right now. Yes. I'll text you. Okay. Thanks. Remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. It's just bodybuilding.