Hey everybody welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding episode 90. Of course I'm here with Dusty Handsha, my self-figure on part low. Today we got a bunch of Instagram questions and we're going to shoot the shit on it. It's just bodybuilding. Dusty my friend, no hat, no hair. I did a fresh shave. Did you just see my camera? You got to tilt your camera bit. I don't want it to be cut in that clean looking head off. It's a valid point. I need that. I need the whole dump. I got the lighting situated. I still got a little dark that way I'm better looking in the dark. So how much of that hairline is tattooed all of it? The whole thing. Yeah my entire head is tattooed. I have no hair right now. I've just shaved it. So where do you actually have hair left? Why have hair here but I don't have any back here. That's all tattooed. I think the whole head is tattooed but this, so they even tattooed where you have hair that way when I shave it it's even. You're more at your port dependent on that part of it. I think what it is, I didn't really think about this but I think the heat coming off on my halo as an angel is probably what caused that. That's a short word. So I actually speak in a body and being an angel. I noticed yesterday we were training and we were training really hard. That's nice out here. It's not hot but it's nice. The doors all fans on. We're training really hard and I noticed it. I'm not sweating like I used to. I still get sweaty. Unlike damn sweaty and stuff but like how like I'm sweating. Where you're fucking disgusting. You know what I mean? And that's how you're doing. That's how you're doing. There you go. Actually I know what just happened. I have a huge issue inside my freezer right now because I blew up a drink just now on positive. It's awesome. I don't want to open it. No, no, I don't want to open it. It's way too fast. I don't look. It's not there. But actually I was sitting here and I'm like oh something fell in the freezer and I'm like oh I put a glass drink in there. Well that's gone. Anyways. Okay. Yeah. That goes back to my diet coke story. Remember the pop can I left in my truck? Yes. And it's fucking popped and painted the whole inside of my truck with brown phone. I just love that I. That number one, my dogs are fucking fierce. They hear a shotgun and they go towards it which is impressive. Number two that I actually immediately was like oh yeah. That's uh. And then you'll piss me off the most about it. That's $2. Got damn it. So fucking wasted drink. Oh, oh. Yes, that was. Now you know two things. Apparently five hours and a freezer is too long for a peri-a. The reviews are fierce mother truckers. Yeah, everyone knows the second part of that. Yeah, obviously they've seen Donna. So yeah. So I was just saying that I don't sweat as much as I used to. And I mean it's I almost like I still sweat. But it's not like I used to like, you know, body weight. Number of calories being eaten. Body fat. That's a danger of lean to yeah. So you know how like near the end of your prep when you're really really lean. You're like just not as sweaty. Yeah. So and I noticed like I still run really hot at night once in a while though. Like I'll wake up like the other night. I don't know unless to just had like extra food that day or something. I don't know what triggered it. But I woke up middle and night and I was fucking soaked. They had to put a towel down. And in the next morning Emily's like, you had to put a towel down. I just changed the fucking sheets. Like what happened? I'm like, oh no, I just fucking melted last night like brutal. But for the most part, I'm running a lot cooler than I used to run. I remember just being hot all the time. I'm at all times no matter what. Right. And you live in Arizona. I seem to always be hot. Yeah. That's it's a I mean a fat b weight and yes. All those things they just listed. You're like, yes. You know all the things that you've listed as a reason you've cooled down. They're all the reasons I'm getting hotter plus it's a million degrees here. So yeah, you know those like studies they do where you know how people have like, why I mean, it's not not just generically truth, everyone. But generally people have this idea that like a marathon runner has a higher metabolism than a big fat power lifter. Right. But then they put them in those those like bio chambers. Right. And they realize they're like, holy shit. It's not it's completely opposite. The marathon runners just small because he burned so many calories running. Yeah. So his activity level is so ridiculous. But the power lifter is one who changes the temperature in the room and altars the gas like the gas ratio in the room of oxygen. Oh, my oxide sucks up everything. And but one one giant strong man in the room in the oxygen level drops of CO2 level rises. The temperature spikes humidity goes up. I was in I was in Chicago of. It wasn't dead winter, but it was winter enough that there was snow on the ground. And we were walking from a restaurant to a place to get dessert in the started raining. Maybe freezing like one year. Yeah. Yeah. So you know, now we're walking from a restaurant to a place to get dessert. It's about three blocks. You've already eaten it. You're going to eat more. Yeah. So we get there and we get inside of this. It was like the side of a building. But but they just had it enclosed. And a guy looks over me goes Jesus Christ. You're steaming. You're a steam coming off of me. And I'm like, what? So I take my phone out to look and you could literally just see steam. I'm like that is the temperature of me walking outside in a t-shirt in the winter. Yeah. Yeah, it's funny. I you definitely don't run as hot when you lose like 60 pounds. Yeah. But I'd like. But you do start wearing tank tops. I have to point out. But you have a tank top on. You know, I have a sleeveless shirt. I cut this. Same shit. Yep. Not on a tank top is, you know, you got to cut. You know, that's how that's a vest. I believe they call it. It's in Australia. Yes. It's a vest. It's a vest. So you were going to leave this. You were a sleeveless shirt. Now that you're not 320 pounds. It's very interesting. And they call the tank top in Australia as a singlet. That's right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Singlet. That's right. And when I think it was singlet, I think of wrestling. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Hey, so here's a question I had. Cause this is exactly what I was thinking of. We might have my dog barking a little bit cause they're watching the fucking Windows in the condo. That's what you're firing at. You fired on my end. Fired or man outside fucking bang to bang bang bang. Yes. I'd be more word if you if jed. If jed wasn't pissed. Yeah. Yeah. So so think of all the body building outfits that you've ever worn. Yes. That's the worst one. Do you remember like trying to wear a guy? I'm going to wear this. And then you're like maybe even wear it again. I kind of wear this. And then you're like, ah, wait a minute. I decided I can't get away with that. Um, well, Bobby. I mean, the truth. The truth of the worst one was for me, I missed the baggies. They were like, they were like, they were coming out as I was coming in. Like the crazy wears and all that stuff. Yeah. But I did. I mean, you were there. Witnessed the stage that I went through, which was the I'm going to wear Peter Panpants, aka my girlfriend's tights to the gym as a man. And I'm not going to wear shorts because that's gay. Sorry. It's not literally gay. Relax people. Right. Right. Like literally. I'm like, no, that's not cool. I'm going to just wear these with my, you know, frank and beings just hanging out for everybody. I did that for a while. And I remember like, truthfully, even though I didn't like, I knew I didn't. I thought it looked stupid. But I wore long shirts. Like I still do my giant shirts. So you're not saying my junk number one. But it was truly because of the fact that training, it was great. Like when you get on a leg extension, you're not pinched up your pants. When you're squatting, you're not stepping back as my pants are too big of course. So you got stepping on your own shit. Plus it looked good for videos. Well, let me rephrase that. You could see muscle for videos, but it's still a guy I would thought I was Peter Pan. Right. Yeah, but in hindsight, there was in my opinion nothing okay with wearing tights. So you don't wear tights anymore at all. I didn't realize that you'd removed that. But now I'm just, you know, Liz, I've just accepted the fact that I am a sloppy human. And I wear my giant gas pants everywhere all the time. Wow. Okay, very interesting. This is a little, I just learned something about you, Dusty. That we never go to the square. Yeah, well, because it's probably a tough subject for you to bring up like there. You still wearing tights. Where do you know I just, I just, I just, I just, yeah, I didn't really even notice that they disappeared from your feed to be honest. Yeah, I wear shorts now sometimes because it's hot as shit. Yeah. So I've been doing that, you know, and then the other day, I trained without a hat on, which actually, I posted video, I delveded 15,000 pounds and the only comments where you're at, where's your hat? You were like, 50, you know, took your money to the same way as going with that. Like, it wouldn't matter what I did. Yeah, every guy who saw that was just told that. Oh, you're, you're, you're, you're a, you're a, you're a 100, you're a 100. I'm pretty raps, you know, 3,500 for 30 raps. Yep, no, it was 50,000 on the bar. How is it found? Yeah. Oh, man. Yeah, yeah, that was the, the comment, but it was funny, because I actually wore a hat to the gym. But I wear the exact same West Coast Iron Hat every single day. It is my chin. You just got to a new hat. Well, I'd, which by the way, my shirts are in the dryer right now. I got shirts. How are they? Can you wear them? Oh, yeah. Yeah, they're awesome. Yeah, they're, they're, they're, they're tight, but they're tight the way that you're supposed to wear clothes. So like, I wear shirts like that when I'm not in the gym. That would be like a go-out shirt for me. It's form of wear. Okay, so the one is a four XL. Uh-huh. But it's the tri-blanned sort of meant to spit snug. Probably looks great on your arms. Yeah, that's what I, that's what I, I sell mine as to, that's the same. Yeah, awesome shirt. Yeah, and then the other one is the big T, but it only come in a FIX, but it's a pretty big three. So I assume that shirt fits you and then is probably snug in the arms. Yeah, it's, what it is, and you know what the difference is for, um, is the shoulders and a three versus a four, you get inches of width. So it's still, I'd wear a three technically. Right. You know what I mean? It makes stuff, but I like it to be, I like just falling off of me in the gym, but I actually, that one is, which I'm going to find out when I come to the dryer. But I think that one I would train in still too, where I could buy one. I, you know, I don't train in, right. Even mine, it's funny. They look good, but I literally have been wearing loose clothes so much. I feel like I'm like, any time there's material in your armpit, you think, something wrong. Yeah, I'm like pulling my shit around, you know, we're just funny because I gave, I give Tommy, uh, I ordered for him 50, 50s like mine, and then when they all came in, I forgot, and I gave him tribunes, and I was like, shit, I got to give you other shirts too now. So now he's got like a collection of all my new shirts. Oh, well, you already have those two. So it's fine. That's funny. Now, I do remember when you decided to wear tapered pants for a short period of time. I just got that separate. That's a separate from the tights. That's a separate. I don't even count that because it literally was, those were almost joggers. Yeah, you were kind of wearing joggers. I've gone to the joggers now because I, I guess I have to. I'm a jogger's guy now. Yes, I like them, right? Or because this is where people get confused. Okay. I think that the jogger look is cool. If you're like a cool guy. Right. I am not. I put a lot in it. I wore a few days and I just remember looking in the mirror. It's how I feel when I put a flat rim hat on forwards. I'm like, so I'm not fucking old guy trying his best to be young and cool. And I am not. You're one of those will-ferromes. Exactly. Right. He's like, hey, kids, you know, like that. But he went or that Steve Bouchemi one where they're like, when the knock shows up. Exactly. And he's like, and he's dressed as, hey, cool kids, what are we doing today? I show up with the hat like that and those are people like, oh, who's the cop? Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Like, I'm the undercover cop that's trying so hard to fit in because I'm 40 years old and pretending that I'm cool. Well, here's the thing. I tried to wear joggers at one point when I was still really big, right? When they first liked became cool, like someone gave me a pair of Nike joggers. Well, they're triple XL, they'll be huge. And I put them on and they're like, form fitting sweatpants. Yes. And that was just too close to tights for me. Yes. I could never do that. I was so far from tights. I could never ever, ever do them. And as I off fuck, I can't wear their two form fitting. They're like tight pants. So I would just want to wear tight pants. It just blew my mind. So I put them put the joggers away. Stayed big for a few years. War the baggy gasped. Thank you. And now I've embraced the joggers fully. You know, what do you think about this though? And this is actually still where my brain functions. I see a dude like like, like, Jose, okay? Henry Blancery. Henry Blancery. And he's wearing joggers. And his legs look small. He's like your huge. Joggers are amazingly deceptive. Like, I'm training at Guy right now. I was like 33 inch fucking quads I bet. And when he wears joggers, he's like, really athletic and big. Yeah, but so think about that. You're me, okay? My upper body is no one. And I'm in a big baggy shirt. So I looked gigantic up top. I look at a goddamn martini glass by word joggers. Yeah. High green looks big in joggers. Yeah. He's the one. Like, there's just not many people, you know? I remember, I remember Quinton was out here from pure muscle. Yeah. He was out here training for a week. And he can wear, he's huge right now. And it has like huge calves and legs. And he's wearing like normal sweat pants. He had like, I don't know what brand. There was like norm like a deetus or something. They look like joggers. And they're like tight on the calves. Like snug. They're going to pull it the seams. And I'm like, okay, well, you have those calves. Because I'm so calf and Vs right. Right. So I'm like, oh, I've got calves like that. I mean, just cut them off with the knee. Do you know this? Do you know this? What shorts forever? Or pull them up, you know? I got a body who pulls them up because he's got huge calves. So he wears joggers, but then he pulls them up a bit, you know? Yes, I tried that too. I went for that look. I'm not for that. Yeah, I'm not. It's cool. And I was like, yep. I'm still not cool. I've actually succumb to that now. So it's fine. I don't need to try anymore. But speaking of the tights, you remember when Kai Green did the honor. They went to Venice to get ready for it with Charles Bass. Yeah. There's a picture that I literally, I can still, I can still see it in my head. But he's wearing red pants with two white stripes. And he's in Venice golds. And I owned those pants. They make my biggest black pants that you know about that I used to wear the X-portal time. Look small. That's how big they are. I can fit two of my legs in each one. And in the picture, they're tight. Yeah. And people don't realize about kids legs are huge. I'm like, no, no, you don't understand how huge. I own those pants. Yeah. It baffles my mind. They look like I have no legs when I wear them, which I don't care because they're big. But literally, I remember looking, when that picture came out, it just immediately I was like, so you have 72 inch quads. That's cool. Wow. Yeah. And I developed it's 15,000 pounds a day with a hand off. But so back to you because I know your story is way better because you had all the ages. What did you walk away from on the clothing? So I, I, I got the really great like early 90s mid 90s stuff, which I was like, you know, the the boat neck that shirts with the tank tops under the tank top strap with the trap stick. And out, you know, and I thought that was cool. Oh, yeah. That was awesome. I love that. I'm back. I would, I would embrace boat necks with tank tops underneath totally because even even now that I'm smaller, I still got good traps. Right. But I could like rock the traps out, you know, I'd even do extra shrugs in the my old age just to keep the traps popping, right? So, um, but the big trap shirt, then it was good for me too. That was my pair of shorts for a guy with calves. Right. So, you know, the guys with calves were the shorts. They had traps in like high school, like they popped up right away. Boom. So I was like, oh, boat neck shirts are for me. So I used to have my traps out all the time with a giant neck fucking yeah. Yeah. So that was good. That was good. I love the boat neck shirts. But I had a singlet. I had the NPC, the Flex Wheeler Wrestling suit. Oh, wow. With the shorts, but the straps that go that Flex Wheeler wore in like some of his photo shoots, you know, those like Chris Cormier and those guys. And mine was black and bright, like bright blue, black and blue stripes, like turquoise. And it had the NPC go on the leg. And I got my hands on that. And I remember I was pretty young. I was probably like 18 or 19. But I wore that with a big boat neck, Gators gym sweatshirt over top. Right. Because, you know, my rule has always been if you're a guy and you're going to wear a tight. You got to wear a long enough shirt that we don't have to stare at you. Yes. Right. So I had to remember long, long, Gators gym sweatshirt. And a few other shirts and outwear them like long enough, you know. But I would wear that fucking singlet. I think I only wore it like three or four times. And I was like, ah, I can't do this. I got to see this is my problem with a singlet with the Fanny pack. When you have to piss, you have to get undressed. Yeah, you got pull one strap down at least. I mean, that's the logic of me. Like, because I go to gym. Like, I'm on those morons like drinks seven hundred gallons of water a day. Like, I take a piss and I drive to the gym when I get there. I take a piss. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like, I don't want to have to get undressed every time I need to do this. Yeah. Yeah. That was I I had that outfit. I wore it a few times in the gym. Like it was okay. And wasn't real life. It wasn't. Yeah. Yeah. That's been a few things. Did you ever have the, did you ever wear the overalls like out in public as a kid? No, I never had overalls. I had a good friend of mine who was a very stylish mother fucker. Mm-hmm. And he had a pair of overalls. We would get dressed up to go up for dinner. And he would show up with the overalls with the one strapline. One done. Yes. One done. Yeah. That can expense of shirt on. You know what I mean? It's the, the mistakes that we have made. Oh, yeah. I think it's a Tommy Hill figure overalls. Oh, yeah. They were. Oh, yeah. You know, I mean nothing really beats my, my blue plastic pants that I posted with the truck that day. But no, I also remember I, there were these Levi jeans back in the day. I can't remember the number. You know, there's a, the number for the idea. Yeah. Yeah. But there are the ones at the body builders would tell each other. You got to buy the, you know, the five, 18 silver tabs or whatever the fuck they were. Right. Yeah. They got bigger legs, bigger legs, right. But they were, they were still pretty tight around the ankle. Right. But so you would, we would fold them over and roll them up. Roll them up. Yes. And sometimes, you know, there's businesses of no idea what we're talking about. Sometimes, sometimes I'd wear my big 12 hole dock martin boots over top of them. Of course, well, so I have jeans on with dock martin boots kind of floppy at the top. That were like, like, not just high tops, but like boots. Yeah, yeah, bull boop. Yeah. And then the fanny pack with like a tight, like, light. T-shirt. And we go out to the, we go to the club like that. We go out to the club like that. We're like, they were like, they were like ribbed. Remember those shirts they had like, yeah, yeah. I never had a rib one, but I had some like, or two. Big gold chain. Did you leave any vagina for anyone else? And that love. Oh, no. It's just an opera myself like a vagina farmer. He's just out there spreading seed. I mean, damn. I just go to the bar to turn girls down for fun. You're all. Maybe you didn't see my tight roll. Yeah. I don't know if you noticed, but I got the tall docks on over my jeans. Oh, God. I'm just, I'm just glass glass. When these stories of someone who gets it, I was, I was telling my wax lady. We somehow came up about like terrible things. I was like, I wore hypercolor shirts. I don't want to hear your shit. She goes, what does a hypercolor shirt? I'm like, when it would get wet, it changed colors. She goes, so if you sweat your armpits would change colors, I'm like, hmm, she's like, well, that's a genius idea. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I never had one, but I remember those. Oh, yeah. I was fancy. I'm like, why were we so certain we were going to be getting wet all the time? I don't even know what's happening. I know the whole tie-out I think that was great. The amount of people that are Googling and pausing this show, tight roll, what is he talking about? If they're still listening. Hypercolor, yeah, they've left it's valid. So I wanted to say, we have, I show we can talk about that just happened. Like a television show. Oh, wait, an actual bodybuilding show. I'm so an actual bodybuilding show. What did you think? I thought it was awesome. I thought Justin looked really big. Yeah, I had no, I told you already that I knew he was winning. Yeah, that was not a shock to me whatsoever. But what's the guy in second place? What was his name? Oh, was that the guy with the Arab guy or the other dude? No, so yeah. And yeah, Dorian Haywood, we talked about him. I don't know if it was that off the year. We talked about Dorian. I think it was off the year because it was Scott Bratimop. Yeah. And you know what's funny? And I have to say this out loud because I love when I'm wrong out loud. I didn't say this to anybody, but when Dorian turned Crow, and when he was competing, he kind of reminded me of me. And I don't mean the way he looks. I mean a guy who's squeaked in got his pro card. And that's kind of the end. You don't mean any kept going. And I always respected that because he's got a good career. He's a, you know, he's a character. Our practice, our practice, got a good business, got plenty of money. But I was always kind of like, wow, you know, it's chasing a personal goal. Like almost like, I shrugged him off as he wasn't going to where. And then every year he would move up three spots, two spots. You know what I mean? Right? And then it's just so to see his last couple of showings and realize it. This is, this is no longer like an upward swing. This is, this is where he is. It's really impressive. I think that for me, he was one of the highlights of the show. Yeah, he looked really good too. I'm having a hard time finding pictures. I can't remember who where I was going to go. Well, I saw the picture about it. I don't even know the guy's name, which makes me feel like an ass. But whoever he is in second place, that I cannot possibly find his name. He's looking great. It would be on Justin's page because he was posting him too. But it was not a walk. Oh, no, that other guy was good. I thought, yeah, this, I'm pulling up. He's got the mayor. Super annoyed that I thought I knew where I was going. That's insecure. I'm going to call you though. I've clearly, it's cool we're doing it live. It's a humble fuck around. And then it's, you know, you're looking for somebody. And you can't remember their fucking handle. That's why we're people just use their names. You put their real name in and sometimes it finds them. But sometimes their real name isn't really anywhere on their page. So you put the real name in and it doesn't come up. Fuck. And it's because there's like two hyphens in a period. Well, like, even Justin, I mean, is, it's in his thing. But nowhere on his page does it actually say his last name. Yeah, so what is his Instagram? Because I know I fall. Oh, there it is. Justin, D-I-F-B-B. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But he has the pictures and once again, I was wrong because he did not at the guy's name. But anyhow, guys, second one. Yeah. Pretty awesome. It's unacceptable. I did not know that Sean Smith had dropped out. Yeah, I was looking for him and I didn't see him anywhere. Yeah, I went back and saw on his page. He had actually pulled out a couple weeks ago. And he knew it. Yeah, he had some sickness. I mean, nothing major. Just some things where he knew he couldn't come to his best. And he really did not want to come in. Okay. Mohammed El-Amam. So yeah, that's, that was a dude. I don't know if you remember when we talked about the show. I remember seeing photos of my couldn't remember which guy he was. And I was like, oh, he sounds like he's from Kuwait or something. You probably would be really good. Right. Anyways, I'm not sure where he's from. I'm going to research him more. But he's, he looked fucking awesome. You know, his dialed right in. That was, he pushed Justin hard. You know, he looked good from the front side in the back. So that was a great battle. But, you know, Justin is Justin. I mean, what do you do? Yeah. And I have to say this because I feel like no one else says things you're not supposed to say. But us, I feel like blessing was an interesting spot. And the reason I said that is because phenomenal bodybuilder. Awesome first showing completely clouded by the fact that if you go in talking too much shit to win, suddenly fifth place is a loss. That's really well done. Right. Yeah. And to me that sucks because that's a great showing in my mind. You're, you're, you're gave you to come in in fifth place. Um, I think it was fifth, fifth or fourth. Um, but whatever was awesome. It might have been fourth because didn't, um, what's his name coming? I think that's right. He got third and then Dory and got bumped down to fourth. I think Dory had him in the morning and then I think Dory had it faded. Yeah, you're right because um, thanks for that Scott for some reason I thought Doryn was in third and I think that's because of the morning call outs and sign Instagram. Yeah. I was like, oh, Doryn's going to get third. That's fucking crazy. So yeah. Yeah, but in Carlos Scott, uh, fifth. That's why. Yeah. Carlos looked great. And it was so funny when we mentioned Carlos. Remember last week on the show, I was like Carlos. I forgot that was Carlos it. We know from LA. Because I just like, I know, you know, how many Carlos is there, you know, about. He's from Texas, but yeah, he will. He will check this. Yeah, but we work with someone that wasn't at the LA FedEx, but we worked for them. I can't remember what expo Arnold Arnold Arnold. Okay. So anyway, he looked great. And as soon as I realized that was him, I'm message him and I'm like, Holy shit, you know, good luck this weekend. Right. And then he wound up looking great and coming in fifth. So congrats to him. So we have a back to the blessing blessing. I think it sucks that you come in phenomenal because the reason I say that it's a failure is not him. It's that that's how the internet is reacting because of the jump. Now, I don't, you know, I don't think people just get confused because there was a lot. If you talk too much, including other pros, making comments like, well, that's what happens when you, you know, there's levels to this shit. Because I knew the entire time I had said from jump that the Justin would win the show. And I think he's win New York as well. But I also think now that I've seen blessing and he is unreal, we will see been wrong many times before. But I don't think that he can, I don't think that he can beat. What's said, Jesus, my brain, who's even going back and forth with Walker. Yeah, with Nick Walker. I don't think he can beat Nick. So, you know, now that I've seen him in a lineup, I don't think he can beat Nick. So it's an interesting strategic move to get your name rang like that. But I really do think it sucks because third place at that show in that lineup as a first show is awesome. But the internet's kind of like, eh, see, wasn't what you said. Which is crazy. You know, I mean, because in the same sentence, you got Carlos, who took fifth and he's competed before. And we're like, fuck in right dude, that's awesome. Good for you. Yeah, versus third, I mean, eh, see, now it's good for you thought. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so I guess that's why I like the old school, like show up, see what happens. And then people would be like, damn man, third of your debut is incredible. Another thing I wanted to mention was, um, Big Morgan asked in six place. Yeah. You see his conditioning from the back? It's always nuts. The last couple shows. So he's a loose man, like, they're just fucking insane. I don't know what Chris is feeding him or not feeding him. He probably just not feeding him. Exactly. He doesn't need to actually. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, uh, that was, that was good. It was just good to see a pro show happen. It was almost weird. Right. Right now. And then, uh, and then the two 12, did you pay much attention to that? Yeah. I did. I skimmed through it a few times. And I looked at the top three. They had some, I can't remember who I was looking at. But they had a bunch of top three, like all the side front back shots. Mm. And, uh, I mean, to be honest, I, I kept looking at you. Right. Like, they were all great. And you know how that two 12 is. They're just, they're all really tough to compare because they're all similar sizes as well. Right. Like in the two 12, like no one's six feet tall. You know, you don't have a dentist wolf in there looking at it like changing how the line-up looks. Everyone's kind of, everyone's kind of the same size and everyone's definitely around the same weight. Give her take the odd Sean Clarita. Right. And, uh, and, and so it's, it's tough. You're looking at three guys that are all, you know, two hundred and twelve pounds at five foot, but six or whatever. Right. And, um, and it's, it's like, wow, man. You know, I imagine that the judges were pretty much the only ones that can really say that when it's when it's like that, you know, I'm not going to sit here in armed, armed chair judge from Instagram, especially that class because it's so difficult to judge in the first place. But, uh, the only thing that I would, would definitely have said, um, that I would love to put out there is, uh, the winner, um, which is Tony O' Burton. Yeah. I'm happy with it. Awesome. But I do think he needs to work on his presentation because he has a tiny waist and from the side shots, he was really having a hard time holding his stomach in, um, lower abdominals. I don't know if it was a digestion issue or a posing issue. Um, but I actually thought that it was enough during pre-judging, but in still comparisons, I thought it was enough to knock him back. Now again, I have learned from myself and I tell clients this all the time too. Still pictures don't tell the story. Yeah. Um, I know like in 2013 when I did North American, they got fifth. And I remember thinking there's no way I'm worse than third. How's that possible? I mean, I'm better than these guys. And then I watched the video, eating through my stomach all prejudging. So it's like a pregnant woman. And it's like, it looks so bad. Oh, God, I'm glad I got fifth. Not seventh. Like. Yeah. You know, so sometimes you have to see that, but, uh, from the stills that was the only, the only knock I had on him, his physique is nuts. His shape is nuts. The size is nuts. I have no issue with him winning, but I think if, if he polishes that before the Olympia, Um, it'll take him up even further. Right. And I've seen a bunch of pictures of Nathan Appler floating around. He was the, the doos of the beard. Yeah, he looked good, man. He's got a real nice physique, you know, very like pleasing lines and everything. Good, lat spread all that sort of stuff. So he, he was good and, you know, you got to give those guys credit because John was no, I think that was his debut too. Oh, yeah, might have been, yeah, but John looked, fucking awesome. So I don't also just, so everyone knows we got John booked on the show. So he's, he's going to be joining us in a couple of weeks when he's done the New York pro. And it come out and talk about his year. So we're happy to have you do an ounce of guest coming soon relatively. Yeah, no, for sure. And you know, while on the subject of him at some of the week cover or the week, it asked all the time is like, how to, how to learn more, how to be a better coach, things like that. He has a coaching school, if you would, that I think people should really look at, that's the J3 University. Guy should look at it. It's very inexpensive. I even have a few guys that I know that are actually coaches that I told them, like, hey, this would be a good thing for you to do. I want to say it's six, seven hundred bucks. And it's like super cheap. And the education that'd be worth it in a heartbeat. So I've been kind of letting people know that they're asking a bunch of questions and maybe can't afford to hire someone straight up. I'm like, there you go. Or the amount of people in the ocean that just fucking shouldn't be. Yeah, I really like John did some great videos leading into the show. Just detailing his water and carbs and, oh, yeah. And it was funny because I, like, I just found myself nodding. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the whole time. And then I love my favorite post was he put up a picture of his jug. Right. And he had like, with the juice, the juice, the flavor drinks. Like flavored iced tea in there is something. Yeah. And he goes, it's something like, oh, and you look like this. You don't have to cut you, you know, no cutting your flavored water out. You know, if it's, you look like this, it ain't just keep it in. And I was like, there you go. That's that too. You know. So, no, that's how people are like, hey, maybe the artificial color is what's holding you together. Yeah, I always find it funny when people want to change something when everything's going perfectly. I remember I said to Chris one time, hey, do I make a cut out my, my crystal light and he goes, what flavor are you drinking? And I was like, oh, I was strawberry lemonade and he's like that, that red 92 holds the cell together right now. You're just, you're just drugs and salt and red 92. We have no carbs in you yet. Once we get the carbs in, we'll be okay, but for now, it's better part of what's keeping you together. That's basically duct tape in this situation. This is your duct tape. So, if I could funny, you know. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. I enjoyed some boxing this weekend. You enjoyed some boxing, you put gloves on and let's see what he in the face. No, I haven't been hit in the face in quite some time. No, I watched the Canelo fight this weekend. Okay, which is, you do pay per viewer. Did you go to one of those famous bars that are open in Arizona? Uh, you know, we actually go out and do things. We breathe oxygen, the whole fucking bit around here. But no, I don't like people. So we did it in the house. Like all this. Yeah, ordered it home and it was, it was classic. And I mean, I'm sure some of you people don't even know, but he's trying to Unify and win all of the titles. Right. So that he can essentially truly be the best. And this was the second to last. It's one more fight to do. But it was just awesome because what I love about these phenomenal athletes is they call the shot. Like he literally had said coming in. He was like, I'm going to end this somewhere between the six and eight Round and it appeared to be a pretty solid fight the whole time. I felt like I sometimes I feel like the the announcers. Angle based on not wanting to show that they're favoring the favorite. They go the other way. Yeah, they're really picking up the other guy. And I'm watching go and like. He's busy, but they ain't shit happening. But in the eighth, he hit him with one shot and it was funny. They asked him after the fight. The guy didn't come out of his corner. Afterwards after the like round. So they like threw the towel in. Yeah. And then it was funny because they said, were you surprised? And he said, no, I went to my corner after the eighth round. I said, he's not coming back out. I broke his cheek. Like he do. It turns out I don't know. I didn't follow up. But they felt it go under the glove. Yeah, they said that that he had a brief broke his orbital. Yeah. So it's just funny to me to think of the size of those gloves. And for him to be like, no, I knew it. That'd be like a little subtle pop at the end of that punch. Exactly. Why did it, why did it keep going when it should be like that? Yeah, why did it? There's that little bit of pop there. It's something something's now. I still love boxing like real boxing. It's just it's such a it's an art that people don't realize and compare to it. I love MMA, but it's just a different thing. So seeing one of the best in the world, the only person he's ever lost was me whether. Right. So which, you know, that doesn't say much of anything. So what what weight class is he? Super middle. So there's three main federations, right WBC WBF and IBC or whatever. IBC or whatever. IBC F. What is it? I don't know them. I don't know them. Yeah, because I remember Tyson used to have all three, right? Mm-hmm. All three heavyweight titles. He had three belts. He was like the Undisputed Champ. Oh, he did. I just, I just go with a real quick. Yeah, he, he had a surgery following that punch. Yeah. Yeah. He put things. A quadrupaud fracture to his orbital bone. Damn. And it was funny. It's seeing it in full speed. Like these guys. They, I mean, they're not big men. He's 160 somewhat pounds. But I mean, when you're, when you're watching the shot, I'm like, I don't want to take one of those body shots. Like, I mean, my, my, my cheek bone is not necessarily any tougher than that guy's cheek bone. You know, right. Right. I shot. That guy's used to getting hit in the face. My bone might be thicker because I'm a bigger guy. But what is that? I just say, I just say, actually your cheek bone is definitely bigger and stronger than him. And I know probably think of oral surgery I had once, but I had my friend as a dental surgeon. I had to get a tooth removed. So she was going to pop it out for me real quick. You know, I'd go into her office and it starts out as like we're talking while she's going. And then she's working a little harder than she's pulling on it. Now she's drilling it and cutting into sections to pull it out one piece of the time. And finally she gets the fucking thing out and she's we've ruined a drill bit. We've, everything is a mess. She literally said she's like, I've never in my career worked harder on someone like this is an easy thing. And she's phenomenal. She does. So we get through the whole thing. No big deal. And I was like, I don't know. Maybe it's the gross. I don't know. And she, she's like, well, I don't know. But that was fucking terrible. I'm not taking any more of your teeth out. Right. And fast forward a few months. And she has another very famous Arizona body builder in there. And I get a texture to go. It's the gross. I was like, oh, did he need a two through moves? She's like, mm-hmm. Oh, damn. That's funny. I remember your bones are not the same. Yeah. When I have my quad removed that member of my surgeon after he's like, yeah, your bone dent, your bone densities very impressive. He said, it was hard. He was, I drilled, because he drilled extra holes in my kneecap because I guess I can't remember what he said. It was normally three holes and he drilled five or is normally two and he drilled four. I can't remember. Right. But he said he drilled extra holes because, you know, he knows I'm going to load it again and all that. And there's a lot of muscles. So, but he said that he had a hard time drilling through my kneecap. Relatively hard time compared to someone else's kneecap. And he said it just took a while to get through the bone. So, that's the knee. So, that's definitely like the loading that's caused that. Right. Yeah. So, but I think it's a combo. Yeah, it was just, it was funny to hear. So, yeah. Good news, Ron. Your face is actually different, but I still don't want him punching you in it. No, no. Definitely not. Definitely not. Definitely not. Do you have any questions? Did you do a question thing? You are sure. I sure did. I have a million of them. So, we've just been around like, but we have things to talk about, man. We're like an hour deep without even digging into it. Let me see here. There we are. I have a lot. Okay. Okay. Let's get some questions. Where are you going? I mean, what do you think? What do you think about sling pills over real slim? I don't even know what a slim pill is. They can oral form of insulin. I don't think there is such a thing. I don't even, I wonder if you're talking about, like, glucose management more than insulin. Right. I think he's probably just talking about, like, like supplements or whatever, they're supposed to make your, or is he talking about metformin? It would be the closest thing to a slim pill, I guess. Okay. The answer to the question is, there's, there's, there's no replace. No rinse thing that's a so here's, here's, here's a good way to put it. Insulin will kill you if you take too much. Slim pills will not. Exactly. Let's show them. Yeah. Yeah. So, nothing compares to insulin for, you know, insulin insulin is, is interesting. You, you take 10 I use your guaranteed to need to eat. Yeah. You'll know. You'll know. But you know what's funny, and I know we've covered this before, but at least one more time, say it. Like insulin is not what people think of as debotic building. No. Like, here I am. I'm doing, you know, I'm doing this push, that we, you know, we're, and I'm up 12 pounds so far, and there's no insulin. Right. I mean, eating more. I'm going to do way now. Are you over 300 on the regular? No, I was, uh, 297 yesterday. Um, I was 285 when I started with Jordan, and truthfully, the only tweak is we lowered the test. Um, we increased another thing. Um, and then I do have growth back in my normal, at four I use, and then there's no insulin. So that's it. Nice. It's, and then my, my training volume is up. I'm in the goddamn gym, like I own the place. Literally, I've, I've see like a, I see people come and leave, and then new people come while we're working out. So, when you say your training volumes up, how, how, how much? Think a few more work sets per workout or what? No, it's ridiculously up because we're doing, um, I'm, so, for example, for back, how'd, I'll tell you what I did for back to the, uh, because it's a pull day. So it's not just back. So I start off with lying like girls. See what my hand's going. Then we do deficit Rd else. Then we go over and we did a, uh, reverse a unilateral, reverse script pull down on the hammer strength. Then a T bar row. Then a high, a high handled, uh, hammer strength row. Then a wide grip lap pull down. Then shrugs super set with face pulls and then two by set movements. Right. So for me, that's like moving in because I would usually do like three things and leave. Like I usually leave the truck running. I'm like, just it's fine. I don't want to see the air conditioning doesn't stop. Yeah, I want to get hot. You know what I mean? I leave the dogs. I get my drink when I leave. I don't even sip between sets usually. So what's the split then if you got a pole day with some hamstrings on it? What's the, what's the week? So that, so it's, it's push pull legs, but pull includes that. I think the only reason we're doing the leg curls is to get them ready. Um, well, you might as well do them if you're doing deficit Rd else. It's your sentence. Yeah, I'm still. You might as well just do them. Yeah. But then when I come in now today, we trained on Saturday. We had yesterday's leg day. Uh, I will do a leg curl again, hamstrings again. Plus quads. Oh, okay. I thought maybe you meant like there was no hamstrings on the on quad day. No, no actually, just because we can. I'm just going to read it because it's funny. Everyone wants there to be a secret I found. So, and I haven't actually gotten my, um, site up where I want to just put this. I was going to put it on his site, but we haven't talked a bunch and he's just super busy. So I just had someone build me a website instead. So I can, uh, put all this stuff out there. Uh, so legs, add actors. We're doing, uh, one set of 10 to 12, one of seven to eight. Then I seated leg girl, a set of seven to eight, a set of 10 to 12. A hack squat, a set of six to seven, a set of nine to ten. A leg press, a set of seven to eight, a set of 12 to 15. Those were doing a two count pause at the, at the bottom. The leg press. Yeah, which is awesome. And I need it because our machine couldn't hold enough weight from a new seven reps. Um, leg extension, one set of 15 to 20 with a full one count to peak. Uh, a glute bridge, two sets of 10 12 reps. Um, two second hold at the top. Uh, on the first set, no hold on the second set. I'm going to do a 45 degree hyper. Then we do leg raises, just abs. But we're bringing the hip flexure. Obviously like that. Uh, then we're doing one more, a dual arm dumbbell curl, just leaning into a bar behind me, hitting those and then calf raises. And that's it. Wow. Yeah. It's like I said, I'm moving in. I come in, I change the music. You alter the temperature of the gym. How are you finding like, your body taking time to adjust to that long of a workout or as your mind. Do you find your mind was like going to wander or anything weird? Like, that you're used to? I mean, I thought it would. Well, number one to be honest, even when I looked at the first workout for chest, uh, or a keepsing chest for press, um, I had no idea how long it was going to take. But I forget like, for example, think about how long it takes to me. How many sets on a leg press to be doing eight reps? Oh, you got to do like five sets to progress up to your work set. Yeah. Same thing with hacks because I'm still going up to 10, 11 plates on the hacks. So it's a say, I mean, the workouts are literally pushing two and a half three hours depending on which one it is. Oh, damn. Because like, you know, leg press and hacks takes 45 minutes and then the rest of the quad workout takes me like 20 minutes. Yeah. That's kind of how it would be. But the only the only tweak is, and I shouldn't say that. I've get there at I do 20 minutes with the gun. Get my legs ready. Yeah. So it's, but it's a good two, two and a half hours for the workout. I'm not having a hard time mentally, but I will say that the the importance of my. Yeah, he's during training is nuts. So about halfway through the workout, I slam all at once 20 grams. Yeah. And that's enjoyed. And that's that's what he wrote. But it does help. So like, I'm starting to fade. I just slam all of it at once. And I sit one on the whole time, but I actually have a full two and a half servings actually. But I do all at once, right in the middle of the workout. I go get this down. Well, the longer your workout, the more. Inter, you know, intro workout, nutritional. Liquid drinkage. Yeah. It's important. Like if your workouts are 40 minutes, you probably don't need anything. It's not going to even make a difference. You can just eat as soon as you're done. But if you're training, you know, 90 minutes, two hours. It's like, yeah, you start to like, you know. Well, and I'm doing a pretty shake right now. So I do 50 grams of protein, 100 grams of oats, dry. 100 grams of banana, 20 grams of honey, and then 10 grams of sunflower seeds about an hour before you go in. Right. And that's actually, you know, it's funny is I've never, I haven't done a pre shake and so long. And with these workouts, it's a game changer. Like it's, it's a must. How far out is it? How far out is it? I do that an hour out. Two hours out, I eat a meal. One hour out, I have that shake. And then I train. And then like I said, intro, I don't do any carbs. It's just the EA's, but it's to me. Yeah. Okay. So fuck that's cool. And yeah, it's fun. I like it. You know, a lot of people are asking like, why would you hire someone for off season? Because, you know, arguably off season is kind of the easy part. You eat more food. And the answer is, you default or I shouldn't say you. I default back to what I always do. And I have a tendency if I want to push for more, not for a client, but for myself. I pretend I'm a different thing. And I do too much. I'll try, I'll find myself wanting to train six days a week, knowing full while that's stupid. You know what I mean? It's so nice. And for the biggest reason for me, what I wasn't eating, I'm not going to pay someone a few grand and not follow the damn diet. Yeah. So, you know, my cheapness overrides and it's been surprising. The food has been so easy to get down to. I went from three to four meals a day to six or seven and they're just going down. It's been easy. Right. So that's, I want to see, I want to see three hundred. Right away. Oh, it'll be, it should be by next week for sure at this. So, been easy. I told Todd was like, man, it's just cranking up. And I'm like, oh, it'll pause at 305 like a slam break. I've done this many times. I just shoot up and all of a sudden three or five. I was kind of like, I'm going to hang here for a little while, you know, especially knowing I'm not doing everyone's secret source insulin. That they think is so magical. Right. Well, just wait. It'd be, you know, 350 when you start the insulin within a week. As long as I train with a hat on. I've got one. Shoot. What's your earliest memory of one of the most important things of wanting a career? Like, what did you want to be? What's the first thing you remember wanting to be when you were a kid? 11 years old, Professor Noggypler. Right. So that was, there wasn't anything before that. New. Yeah. No, I mean, prior to that, it was a kid. And then literally the moment I saw that. Prior to that, I was, I was pretty busy just being a kid. Yeah, secret. Doing doing man shit. But yeah, no. And for me, the hockey was a light switch. A light switch thing. Because people told me instead of I telling them, and that's why I was like, oh, I guess this is what I'm going to be doing. Right. I see what you mean. You know, I think that's the difference. As most kids have like a dream thing. And that's where they come up with. I'm going to be a firefighter or whatever the hell it is. I started playing hockey to 11, which any Canadian will tell you. That's like seven years late, eight years late. But I, my parents like Americans in football. Yeah, exactly. Like, wait, you could walk and you didn't have skates. What's your own idea? But no, I, so they, I told my parents I wanted to play. We bought equipment. They put me in a learn to play league where they teach you how to skate and shoot to know that shit. I got moved out of that to the B team in a week. And then we played one weekend tournament. And they were like, you can't play here. You have to play on a traveling team. Like, the next week. I was like, what is happening? My dad's over here going, if you ever done this before. I was like, right. Oh, that's awesome. You know, I know. What about you? I, I vividly remember, well, I remember a few careers. I remember wanting to be an archaeologist because I think I thought Indiana Jones was like a cool job. Because I, I think, you know, I saw Raiders of the Lost Art when I was like seven years old. And I was like, he's an archaeologist. He gets to look for treasure. Like, that's amazing. When in reality in archaeologist is like a professor job. And you're like, like, brushing with dirt, like in the desert for like six months trying to find something that no one else cares about. You know, there's not a lot of action in adventure. You don't really get to kill any Nazis, which is bullshit, which is fucking bullshit. If I'm brushing in the desert, I want to get to kill some Nazis. Obviously. So I remember wanting to be an archaeologist. And I remember like saying it. Like, I'm going to be an archaeologist. And I remember people being like, oh, you're going to have to go to like college and get a, you know, I don't know what you get a degree and anthropology and some other stuff. Maybe I don't know if I'm a fuck science degree. I don't know if I can get anyways. So that was one. And then I remember which was so funny because years later it became a joke. But I remember wanting to be a marine biologist. What is with you? Because I was obsessed with sharks. I was like, I remember being a little kid and I would draw sharks all the time. And I would buy shark books and I would ask for shark stuff. So like for Christmas, I'd get like a pillow with a shark on it. You know, I like love sharks when I was a kid. And I remember I could identify all the sharks. I could look through a book and go like, oh, that's a Threshold shark. That's a six-fuel shark. That's a black shark that's bubble, and I would name them all. Right. And I wanted to be a marine biologist. And then I remember laughing my ass off years later when that sign fell that the sod came out. Where George is like, I thought it was wanted to be. I know where he's at the beach and he goes, I'm a marine biologist. And he saves the whale. That was a fucking funny episode. And he's laughing myself about that. So he caught George too. You too, buddy. Yeah. And then I remember when I was a kid, I met a camera member as name now, which is a shame. But I met an astronaut, a guy who was like the only Canadian at the time. I can't remember his name. I was at Mark R. I know I can't remember. But he stood on the moon. So he's like the only Canadian that did or something like that. I can't remember. Anyways, he did like this appearance at our school. And I remember I wanted to be an astronaut for a while. And then I remember someone told me they're like, if you want to be an astronaut, you have to join the military. Because that's what you get astronauts from. Right. You just go to astronaut school. You don't get to skip all the shit. You have to like fly jet fighters for a while or whatever. You know what I mean? So I remember thinking, I don't really want to join the military. So I gave up on the astronaut one. Mark, Jarno. Mark, Garno. Yeah. I know. Yeah. There's your guy. I had a look. 1984. Yeah. So he came to our school and gave us like a presentation on being an astronaut. So I was pretty cool. And then what did you do? And then I started lifting weights. And I four four went all further education and forward momentum of life. I'm going to disagree with the education because you still have the king of useless information. And I decided to be a bodybuilder. Yes, that's how I kind of looked at it is when I was done. So when I realized I was done playing hockey, I was like, why don't want to be normal. But literally that was my thought. I don't want to nine to five. I don't know what the fuck I'm going to do. But I'm not going to punch a clock. That's terrible. No, no. And that was it. Literally, that was the game plan. My dad's like, you're fucking idiot. This is your grand plans. What you're not going to do is get a normal job. Yes. Right. That's gold. Yes, he's all years. He's always had like a thought process, some good educational reasoning. I'm like, why don't you do anything? I thought it was going to be like an adventure that was possible. That's gold right there, man. You're welcome. You are welcome. I was answering someone without access to the question. Oh, this is important. Ribs are breast get. Brisket. Of course. I agree. I've never been a ribs guy. Not a lot of use for ribs. There's a lot of work and mass involved for ribs for what I get. Yeah. So let's get into something that I have that might some people might. Some people might think that I just already. Let's get it. Oh, shit. Where are we going? I some people might think that I'm a fucking something's wrong with me. I don't like messy food. I don't like messy food. I eat pizza with a fork and knife most of the time. I just do. It depends on the pizza and it has to be the right temperature for the cheese to tear when you bite. You don't want to stretch. Yeah, I don't want to bite and have like everything slide out and hang and then this is bread in my hand. Right. There's there's there's a lot of things that bother me with that. I I need. I want like equal distribution of meat and cheese on every bite. I know it's fucked up, but I'm not I don't like messy food. Some pizza you can just devour and it's like easy, but other times now. Fork and knife. That's forget I've just I'm just happy you're weirdness. That's why when I ever the only ring the only wings I ever get are salt and pepper wings. Oh, dude. I don't like sauce on my wings. It's fucking messy and disgusting and it's just too much. Do you know that the greatest wing in the world is salt and pepper wing? No, you were very close. See salt and salt and vinegar. Yeah, like the chips. Right. They're at a grocery store here, Matt of all people. Kofora. He's like, you've got to get safe way wings. I'm like, what's your ghetto ass doing getting wings in a safe way? Like I was so right, right. That's like a certain specific restaurants you do wings. I was like, wait, what? So I I risked it. I risked my life. It's wrong with the other way. No, they're they're ready. They're just well back in the day before the. Terrible sickness that would kill you only if you knew you got it by asking someone. Um, it, uh, they used to just be out and you would just pick them out of the thing and put them in a little box and take them home. Number one, they're like a third of the price of wings here. Oh, they're at like the Delhi part. They're just sitting out and dude. I literally, I'm smelling them in my truck as I'm driving home. And I was like, well, there's no sauce on them. That's reach over there and try one. Take a bite. I called them immediately. I was like, you have saved my life, sir. And he was like, what? Like this is the greatest we've ever had. He's like, oh, he's shit. You went immediately. I was like, yeah. You told me this because I used to go to a place called Zips to get wings. And you would get a dozen wings. So I think I've told this before Dante used to tell me if you can't eat. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But I checked in wings because you can always eat them. Yeah. So I would get 36 wings come home, sit down. Eat. Watch sports. There we go down. So I don't know about two years ago. I called them and I was like, alright, can I get, I want to get 36 of your wings with ranch and I go, well, they come in 10s now. I'm like, 10 wings? Yeah. I'm like, alright, whatever. 30 wings then. It goes, okay, 43 dollars. I'm like, what? We went up and down at same time. Yeah, 43 fucking dollars. So more than a dollar a week. 30 wings. Yeah. I was like, do you offer financing or that shit we do with supplements or I can pay for three months? Or what's going on here? Yeah. So that was that. But yes, to answer the question, brisket is the right one. And moist brisket if we must know. Oh, yeah. I don't need that dried bullshit. Sorry. So I have, I have just a short story about me. Almost losing my mind in rage for split second the other day. Um, the other day. So go, go. I thought, I thought, so I was, I got up and I was 248 one morning. And I was like, holy shit, and back down under 250. Okay, I'm really, like, light. And then I wrote my bike that day for like two hours. Right. And I thought, you know what? I'm going to get some McDonald's. Like fuck, you know, fuck, I'm getting some McDonald's. I haven't had McDonald's for a while. So when I got a big bag of McDonald's, like two double cheese burgers, some nuggets, fries, apple pie, it's all in the bags. Put it on my seat, going and pulling out, driving down the little side street. And this car just like shoots through a stop sign because it's a four way stop. And he just shoots through a stop sign up ahead. So like three cars slam on their brakes, like suddenly. And I slam on my brakes. And also in my new vehicle, these like alarm goes off. Yes. I like surprise a shit out of me because I ain't gone off yet. It's like, BPP, BPP, you know, it's approaching too fast. Yeah, it's like slam on the brakes. The agamic Donald's shoots off my seat. And hits the dash flips upside down and just, and as it falls to the floor, it just everything hits. And so it lands on the ground and I see fries and nuggets sticking out out of the bag. And I'm like, well, fuck, how do I pick this up? Right. So I try to like scoop the bag up so I could turn it over. Right. And like as I'm doing it, I see cheese from the burger, massing up the whole. Like the burgers were like everything came open. It was like the impact with the dash just popped every box open. And as it hit the ground, like there was nothing I could eat in that bag. Wow. I mean, I've eaten dirtier things and nuggets off the floor mat dusty. That's good. It was a later question about it. Yes, but I'm blind. We'll get to the eating later. But I was just super pissed off and I had this moment of like, fuck. And then I thought, well, back to McDonald's. Took a deep breath and went back. Deep breath. I went back. Everything except the Diet Coke. Just like 45 bucks in McDonald's that day. It's awesome. I told the girl, I go, I lost my bag of food. She's like, what do you mean? I'm like, it fucking, I can loss it on the floor. And she's like, oh, it's too bad. That's all the reaction I get. It's actually actually I get. Well, I actually to be honest, I don't even think she remembered me. So I was like, talk into her and she's like, why the fuck is this guy telling me is problem. Thanks, bro. I have no idea who you are. Yeah. Just tells little moments in life where you just have to like gather yourself and go, this isn't really that important. You know what I mean? Okay. You said you had an acid in question. So now I'm like holding out like, that was the question. Do you read that? That's it. Oh, question. And I don't even feel the need to answer. It's like listen, kiddo. The things that we were doing before you were born long before it was cool. Oh, these people that think they're the first acid or Jesus Christ. It actually is funny because I'm like, what's that? I'm in a funny question anymore, but whatever. Everything we were doing in the 90s trumps that. That's like what somebody else. I'll get that question sometimes. Why don't you worried? All that sweetener that you're taking and you're going to get sick and I'm like, do you know? No, I'm going to get into all the things that I do that you should know about. Let alone the ones you don't know about. Hold on. What do you think? Yes, it's what put him down the doc like Splenda. Yeah, the Splenda. It's a little too much for the system to handle. I forget about not knowing that you weren't supposed to have two of those bills back in 2015. Anyways, it's a hell of a pool party. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Fed, ex-noc, now I'm a door. How does that my dog take care of that? Well, speaking of, because I'm not an expert. I'm going to be, say this out loud since no one likes to admit they don't know everything. Met a foreman. Give a breakdown of that. If you, if you know. So, the met foreman Jesus. So, remember through an A and they're just randomly met a foreman. But go ahead. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so I remember back in like 95. When I got to Australia, I remember there was a couple of guys that were like, yeah, I started taking a bit of that foreman like, and you know, you have to eat like little more carbs and bubble, bubble blasts. They were talking about was kind of like insulin. And then I saw I remember like, you know, looked into it and they're saying, they're saying, oh, it makes you really sensitive to insulin because that's what it does, right? It's like super, it makes you super sensitive to insulin. So, anyway, so, guys that I knew taking it back in the 90s, that we're experimenting with a bit of met foreman. I've never used it. But yeah, and I haven't even, it's been so long since I read up on it because to me, it's like old news. But I know it's kind of come and gone a few times in fashion, you know, sort of like walking lunges and, you know, various pieces of clothing. They come and go through out to enough about sequence. Yeah, you know, this is, this is, this is, this is, this is it coming go in the bodybuilding industry. And I know met foreman sort of like resurfaced a few times because there's always like, you know, 10 years ago buying, then someone will kind of start pushing it in articles. So, I actually probably have a, have a lot to catch up on regarding met foreman because I'm not sure what the latest is about it. But what's your, what's your take? Well, I mean, you, you covered literally everything I know because I, here's the thing I think a lot of people that have struggled with is I don't dig deep into things that we don't use that aren't necessary. And I think a lot of times, not to say that it's completely useless, but that we're searching for the secret. And, and I don't know any pros that use it. Right. That's another thing is like, you know, people say have a use like, have you used met foreman? And I'm like, well, I worked with Chad Nichols. And the goal was to get as fucking biggest possible. Like, that's all we talked about. I was like, let's chat. I don't need anything, but to be bigger. Like, we got you bigger and he's like, okay, that's everything we got to do to get bigger. There was no met foreman involved. He didn't even mention it. And then I worked with Chris for years, who's and Chris is really into like, you know, any like, you know, just dieting hard, getting shredded and any, you know, the stuff that makes you more shredded. Like, he's really into into that stuff. And you never ever, like, kind of even know if Chris knows what met foreman is. Yeah. And that's kind of what I wanted to present here is the same exact thing, which is, you're looking for secret that's not there. I mean, I'm doing the exact thing right now with Jordan and the insulin's not there. Not saying it's not going to be, but it's not there. Met foreman, I know will not be there. And literally, I told him, I don't give a fuck about bodybuilding. This has nothing to do with ever competing again as big as humanly possible, just because I've never taken that approach before. Right. My health is phenomenal. Got a full panel, everything which great. And you're not seeing a bunch of tricks with weird obscure drug resource, up and so anything. So that's kind of why I brought it up because I have such a very weak overall understanding because there was no reason to dig deeper. There's nothing sexy about it to me. And I've researched enough to know it's not changing the game. So fuck it. Right. It says, it says here, I just did a quick and go, make your body more sensitive to insulin. Right. I don't know. Which is, that's, that's why people take it. That'd be the number one thing I like, oh, it'll make my body's insulin more efficient. I guess it also decreases the absorption of sugar through the small intestine. Right. So in a way, you're not getting all the carbs you're eating. I guess. And then number three, it says it lowers sugar production. And there's a lot of glucose. Is there a lot of glucose? Is there a lot of glucose? Is there a lot of glucose? So your body will, liver will make less glucose out of other stuff. Right. So, you know, those all sound interesting, but I'm not sure it's what degree they actually impact the physique or, you know, because it's one thing to say, oh, it increases this. But then you look at the data and it's like by a point one percent or something. So, but I know Matt Foreman works well enough that it is a very popular diabetes drug. Right. I think that the body will cross over as the, the question mark. And I think that the big thing to push on, I don't ever want to downplay drugs or the advantages at the highest level. Guys are willing to do anything. Yeah. You have an edge. Anything, even dumb shit to have an edge. So, the fact that I literally don't know anyone who uses it to high level tells me, you guys don't need to worry about it. Unless you have those issues already. Now, if you have those issues, then absolutely. But as a healthy male, trying to manipulate the way his body looks. No. Yeah. That's my answer. Yeah. And there's also two like, when it comes to blood sugar, like blood sugar, really impacts you. Like, it can ruin your day, can ruin your workout. It can fuck you up at work. It can take you out of any task that you're doing of a bad blood sugar episode. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it is, if you have a blood sugar episode, it takes absolute priority over anything. I'll show you doing at that point in time. I don't care what it is. Oh yeah. It'll stop you. So, so, so, so I always tried to like avoid. Stuff that has the risk of being that disruptive. You know, so stuff that can mess with your blood sugar a lot. Like, I don't know, maybe take too much metformin and you're like, Holy fuck, like, you got any sugar, like, who knows? I don't know how it feels. But I'm just saying that that's my general take on all drugs. Is like, if you're going to add a drug into your repertoire, it can't be like a fucking nuisance. No, it's the same. A lot of people ask about insulin before training. And then my answer is always. You have to go what you're doing. Yeah. As long as it doesn't fuck up your training. Yeah. You get anything that alters the training for a negative in my opinion. Doesn't, doesn't work that no matter what it's doing. Yeah. Yeah. This one guy at my gym actually had that talk of them. He was like, comes up to the counter, like half way through his workout. And he's like, I need a gatorade really bad. I'm like, okay, I'm a gatorade. He's a can of pay after him, like, yeah, he pays me after. And then he did that a few times. And I'm like, are you like, take it to a chance? I don't mean, like, oh, I must be. I'm like, well, then quit doing it. No, it's not. Get off. What is amount of stock one day? He even told me he's like, yeah, I have like a 50 gram carb drink. I'm training and I was like, it's just not enough. And I'm like, I don't even want to know how much you're taking. Just fucking cut it down. Cut it down, wait down. Like you shouldn't be able to. It's not going to go out in my gym. You, yeah. I mean, I appreciate you buying a gatorade every single time you come in here. I love you over part of the clinic. As gatorade sales have never been better. But you may be mad at your blood sugar a little better than they. Look at this, dude. This is how legit it's getting. This is my, my pre workout shake. It's already ready. It's awesome. And I was going to say listen. Okay. Stainless steel shaker, you know. Let's go. Me too, but this is the, the ice one. I shake it. These guys are awesome. The ice shaker company is badass. And they're looking you guys are using free property now. They're coming out with like a 30 year old. They're going to be a 30 year old. There's probably a 30 year sold out. The. And it's a 30 year old. They're coming out with like a 36 ounce or the suppose to be at this month. And I, and I've already got on the order. I'm likable. Because my only downside that I drank with these are intranet in. You with the fucking thing. I'm not doing the plastic anymore. I did mean to root. So that was really beautiful. That did my life. A lot of people really upset. You're like. Fuck, how to go buy a bunch of glass. Talk of wear. This is my drink right now. This is my free workout drink. Oh, okay. Damn it. I know. I had a lot of people message me because I put that on. I put that clip on my Instagram too. So everyone was like, fuck. It's so funny because that you know that shit never fucks with me. And for whatever reason this time I'm like, Yeah, but this one guy told me it was like sitting eating his meal out of an old scratch up red stained like this is what passed it. One. Yeah, top of where it dish. He said he was sitting eating out of it listening to the podcast. He was like, oh, like he said he's like instantly just was like, he moved his down. His penis was shrinking because that's what it does apparently. Yeah. He was like, I changed my life. His wife's like, I knew it. Yeah. So he message me is like, thanks, bro. I had to go with by a bunch of fucking glass top of where. Yeah, I didn't point hours later because he watched you finish my meal. These companies should be so happy with you because now they're everyone's going to buy these things. No, I know. I know. No, okay, you saw that. So that's my intro. It comes out of the I put it in this now. But I'm laughing because I'm like, well, I have to bring a couple of them because I drink too much. So that told you, I've got the full serve in the slam and I have essentially like the one I sip on which takes two more bottles. So I have three of these 75 pound shaker cups in my fucking bag every day. That's that's how I think. Because of you, my right shoulder from my bag being on it is going to have an issue. Yeah, the only downside to glass top of where is I remember when time we're in the London airport and I had my my my moutin cooler over my shoulder and then it like slipped off my shoulder and it hit the ground and I just heard a pop. You know, I'm like, oh, fuck. So then I get up to the front and they pulled me and I never get pulled in London. So he goes, okay, I'm just going open your bags and I'm like, just warning you that there is a exploded glass top of where that one. When you guy looked at me like, like, that's like, he probably never just damn what I know, like, what are you talking about? And he like unzips it in his glass. Shards just fall out all over the counter and he's like, oh, so he holds it over the garbage and shakes it out. So you were being very literal with this exploded. He was luckily I eaten that meal though. The one above it's fine. The one above it didn't break. That's a bottom of my. This got to make sure you just gotta make sure. So I figured out a safety for that actually is if you have two meals in glass because the lids are plastic. But I put the man upside down. Makes sense. It's funny that you say that because I literally, when I'm out town last week, I brought my condemned bag, same double bag. I usually want to take one bag, but I took two because I knew I was going to train legs. So I needed all my shit. And in my squat shoes, my bell, all this stuff. So I brought that extra bag while I put food in it also. It was frozen to just fly. You know, I was going to check it and then I get out of my truck. I throw it over my shoulder and when it hits it, weighed so much, it snapped the plastic piece and the whole thing hits the ground. And I'm like, yeah, this is broken now, but at least there's nothing in there. All frozen and ziplocked, but literally I was like, okay. So there's a weight limit on this of 49 pounds apparently. That's funny. You had to go. I've broken some bags before. Okay. Where are we looking at here? Is it my turn or your turn? It doesn't matter, but I have one that I want to ask because I want you to answer this because I really want to kind of somehow drive this point out to people. This is the question. Well, eating at maintenance on trend and pre-mo give good re-comp. Oh, God, it's just an impossible like who knows. Like, I don't know. Like it's just, it's just a question that has no answer because there's so many other variables. Okay, you're eating maintenance calories on re-comp. But are you training like a madman? Do you have good genetics? Have you been on the juice endlessly for your whole life? Are you just doing your first cycle? You know, there's just so many factors like what does that mean? You know, right? Someone coming off someone who hasn't done juice in a long time or whatever. Fuck yeah, they'll probably recomplete crazy. If they're obviously doing everything else right. But you know what I mean? Like someone who's just bodies just so fried from taking trend all the time, like this. Get a state of sane or whatever. You got to worry. I guess the reason I'm glad you answered that way. It's funny that I cannot tell you what I'm trying to get and you always seem to grab it. So I was watching a video yesterday of Phil Nicholson, the golfer. Yeah. And he goes, yeah, well, people last in like how far do you hit your wedge? And they'll say something like 120 yards. He goes, well, maybe not in the morning, but it's cold or what if the fairway is built this way? Or you know what I'm saying? Like, he basically listed literally like 15 variables that would change that. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, did it rain? Is the water? Is the ground wet? Like literally he started bus about. Is the grass that had gone going against the grain or four? And he starts breaking that what that does. And he's like, so you don't hit your wedge 120 yards. Not every time. And that is this question, which is. Yes, no. You don't have any. So yes, sometimes you hit your wedge 120 yards. The main thing that most people don't get when it comes to body building is you have to pick somewhere to start and then you have to make adjustments. You literally nailed it because I'll have people ask that all the time as well as, what are your macros? I'm like, I don't know. Yeah. I just know what I mean, I forgot my macros a long time ago because I'd be adjusted them so many times. Yeah. Well, I don't even start. I mean, truthfully like when Jordan sent this over, I, here's what I know we're going to do. Okay. You did bother asking food. Yeah. And we're going to need more or less of all three things. That's it. You don't, you don't have to ever know your macros and you don't have to ever know your calories. You just have to know like what am I eating and this goes up or down. Yep. And that's why it's so important and it's something that we should drive home with people as well is that's why you need to know what you're eating. I literally just had this conversation and I'm going to tread lightly because it ended up ending the client relationship and I'm not talking about the issue was this. I'm losing too much weight. I'm getting smaller. My pants that used to not fit are fitting. And I said in the waist. Yes, you're getting leaner. You're not getting smaller. No, no, I am. I'm getting smaller. Should we add more desserts or something? Right. And I'm like, I'm trying not to get frustrated, but I'm like, you're literally asking me to feed you bullshit to keep the scale up. But that's not what we need to do. You're actually looking better. But the scale is telling your small, your pants fitting. I mean, for God's sake, that's great news. That's like saying, I'm losing weight, but I'm down three notches on my lifting belt. Well, good. You know, so you want to be looking at what's actually happening. And the only way you do that is by adjusting food accordingly, like you don't necessarily need more calories if your love is a musket. I already are going up. You know, and it is possible. A lot of guys just can't get it through their head is it is very possible. It's some points depending on supplementation to be losing fat and getting muscle. Yep. You know, it's a magic zone. It's a magic zone. It's a magic zone that you can get into occasionally for various reasons. And one of the things is I think the guys that the guys get where they want to go with their physique and then the ladies together, they want to go with their physique. They recognize when those windows are open to that. Right. You know what I mean? You know, they don't like mentally. You know, some people just are mentally. They're own worst enemy. Oh, it's most fabulous. Like the way they talk is just so brutal. Like I had one client. He's like, my legs are shrinking. Why do you say that? And he's like, my pants are loose or am I legs? So this is like very sets why I mean the story just told. And I was like, okay, well, you've dropped. You've dropped like eight pounds in the last month. And some fat in your letters. You have fat in your legs. It's where a lot of fat is. And we just talked about how you squatted the most you've ever squatted. For the most reps you've ever squatted it. Like two days ago. Right. So what do you upset about? Like they're just mentally not able to keep it together. Right. Like you're clearly getting better because you're stronger than ever. Right. And your pictures look better than ever. But yet you're going to choose to focus on this one weird thing and be negative about it. Right. And that's one of the most difficult things about trying to help people. And and it's one of the things that if you want to be a successful body builder, you have to be able to get past that mental bullshit. You have to be able to take control of your mind. Right. And that's why a lot of guys don't get in shape, right? Obviously, do we have to feed me more desserts, right? Right. Well, if it's also why you, that's why it's nice to hire someone because I don't I don't suggest people blindly follow. Don't get me wrong, particularly with all the more on coaches out there. But if you do your homework and you trust your coach, when my brain starts to flutter, I just Chris has got it. Right. JP's got it. You know what I mean? And there's there's only been literally, I think I know I've talked with this with you before. I don't know what's on the air. There's only ever been one time in my entire career that Chris made sure that I have listened to him. And the reason was we were getting close to a show and I did three high days in a row. Yeah. And I just remember like a truthfully it was so fun. He sent me the email. He's like, and he did another high day. Make sure you have two double cheese burgers with meal five. Do this, do this. And I remember reading it. And I told Abby on. I said, I think I'm just going to do ground beef for that meal. Like I already started undoing it. Because it just in my head, I was like, we're like 10 days out, you know, and literally as I'm talking to her, I get a text. I need you to just do what I said. And I'm like, fuck, you know, I can't knew I was going to have a hard time with another high day. Yeah. So I did fall through. But the point is, you shouldn't, I shouldn't have done that. He knows the goal. He knows what we're doing. And he's had me for a decade. We're going to be fine. Yeah. You know, so I do understand that moment. It's just for people like you and I either obsess with being shredded. It's probably opposite of most people. I'm never worried about being big. I'm like, I got that. But I got to be peeled because the physics ugly. If it's not sliced out of its mind, it's not good enough. I always had to be, I'm not quite big enough. So I have to be sliced out of my mind so that all the nukes and crannies are deep enough. That my, you know, muscles look rounder. Like I just, I'm so funny because you are the reverse of most people. They say I'm not quite big enough. So I need to be heavier. Which just makes them look smaller. Yeah, because I knew that when, so my take was if you're a tall guy and you're not peeled, that means there's a like a larger area of, you'll be some area on your body that's not peeled, right? And it's bigger than the other guys because you're bigger. True. So you've got a bigger area that's not shredded. It's visually- It makes it very obvious that it's not shredded. Yeah, you know how like if Jose is peeled everywhere, but doesn't have his glutes like ripped ripped, they're, they're a lot smaller. Right, yeah, because the glutes are smaller. Of his ass is smaller, so. And everything's big on him. So it's like, well, he's pretty shredded. But if like a tall guy, it doesn't have shredded glutes. It's like a, you know, a foot and a half long. Right. And it just, I don't know, just to me, I was like so much more visible. It was always like more of a red, big, bright red light. Like I'm not shredded. I think too though, you can, um, it's so funny. It's that, uh, so Chris used to work with Troy Alves. Obviously. Yeah. Yeah. And Troy's legs are small. They're just small. Like they just are. Troy was a big and all. But, uh, I mean, he was 211 pounds on stage at the Olympia. That's like five. Yeah. Yeah. But you'd watch his progression. He was never fat ever ever ever. But even in the beginning, his office is legs of tiny. By the time he's on stage, you forgot because there was so much detail everywhere. You were too busy complimenting him on how shredded he was to remember his legs were a little little thin. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I, and I really believe that. It's like, you're too busy noticing all the crazy shit. And it's like, uh, everyone's like, you're a little bit small. Like, that's fine. So it's because it's the only guy that has that detail. So the word busy, I actually like, I was like, you want your physique to be as busy as possible because it distracts from issues. Right. Like the more you have going on, you know, there's a wild party there and a wild party over there. Like, you know, it's a pecks are jumping in his lats are strided and everything. It's just conditioning just, it, it, it, it distracts from all the things that might be wrong with you. You know? JJ Marshall back in the day. His, his thing was that he said, listen, the judges have a job to do. They have to look at everyone. But the question is, who do they want to keep looking at? Where does their eye want to go back to? And when you are shredded, once they've glanced across at all of you, they're going to want to, oh, uh, and then when you're moving and shit's moving with it, he goes, they can't help it. And that's, it was fun. I guess he was explaining to me how a guy like me can win because he's like, odds are you're, you're going to have one of the least superior genetic physics as far as structured that's up there. So you have to have so much detail that they forget. And I actually understood that so immensely because I've been to enough shows where you see it. And it's like, this guy's, I have friend that he came into a show and he was so peeled. I forgot in a torn pack. Right. Right. I was literally so busy being like, how the fuck did he do that? And I'm like, oh god. That's right. Your pack is like gone. Right. Right. Yeah. That's fun. A busy. I'm stealing that. That's, that's now been stolen. I will, you know, give me a little credit every time I use the word. I've, I've got one here for you. True. What is the biggest mental hurdle that you ever had to overcome as a bodybuilder? I would say, I mean, here for me, I, it was tricky because this is weird because I didn't really feel like it was an enormous hurdle. But so I came on the scene quickly. I won junior nationals. I took fifth of the USA's and then I had a fluke of a tenth place finished at nationals the following year. It was a fluke and I knew it was a fluke and it was a fluke and then the following year I got a tenth place finished again. And now the question is was the USA's a fluke or is tenth place a fluke? Because I have two tenths in one fifth. So it was overcoming that. Which wasn't extremely difficult because I knew I wasn't my best. But I'd be lying if I didn't say it made the next show enormously important. Like I think if I wouldn't have placed in the top five of my next show would retired. Right. Because it would have been like, oh, I was wrong. Right. You know what I mean? And I never had a bad place in like that again. But yeah, that was, I will admit and no one knew that. But for me it was like, oh shit. You know, like the first one I was certain. Like we died at two far it was that. Then the second one was kind of like, I'm getting dusted here. Right. Right. And I think I was a little added pressure kind of similar to the blessing thing. I saw about earlier only it wasn't self induced, which was I was getting paid. I was the probably the only guy there making real money. And I was getting my ass kicked. And it was like shit is that just. It's a five. Then you're wondering, yeah, is this gonna end? Yeah. Yeah. Should I be getting paid or you know what I mean? Like because at the time social media wasn't one of those now. Like now it wouldn't make me blink. Should I be mad or not? But right. Then it was kind of like this might all come to an end. And then it was a significant place in my income. So yeah, that was definitely the time. How about you? Yeah, I mean, well, one of the biggest hurdles obviously was rehabbing my quad and dealing with my quad tear. But I I was already done competing when that happened. Generally. Yeah. Yeah. So when I think of like challenges a body builder, I mean it would have been just having to deal with you know they say second place is like the worst place to get because you know you're the first loser. Right. And you're like if you're a third or fourth or fifth you're like okay, well back to the drawing board. But if you're second or like if I would have done like one more carb low carb day, would I want that show? Right. Like if I had not carb loaded, would I want that show? If I had like just done some different or thought differently or just thought differently at six weeks out, would I maybe one that show? That is a huge like that's tough. And it's it's it's also to like I'm going to talk about this for a while because it's like old news. But you know, I was second 10 times at pro qualifiers. So so like I watched the guy in front of me turn pro because he would usually win the overall or at least get the second card. Right. Because it's super heavyweight would either get the card or get the second card. So it's like no matter what the guy in front of me was pretty much gone every fucking time I got second. So you were next in line so to speak pro. Pro and I was like fuck. So then you start to think like well you know Most body builders either got it right fill he No walks into the USA. Scott it or they don't got it which is most body builders. They don't got it to be like a pro. Maybe the reality is that you are just 1% off that cut off. Your genetics are just 1% not enough or your work ethic is 1% not enough or your decision making is 1% not correct enough. Right. And maybe it's just a decimal point of effort that you think you're putting in but you're not that it could have changed the tide on like you could have beat that guy. If you started your diet over again right now and did the same show maybe you would have beat that guy. That that starts to add up and it gets really tough and I'm not really honestly people go how did you get past that and first of all I genuinely loved body building and competing and pushing for my I love the process. That was one of the major things like you cannot do that if you don't want to do it. You know it'll it'll you'll find a way to get out of doing it like you can't do that many shows and come that close. If you don't really really really want to be there. Right. And then secondly is I'm super stubborn. So there's like a stubbornness that most people most people are probably bad or off not being that stubborn. Right. It's not even a good quality maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not necessarily saying it's a good thing. Yeah. I mean because you have that type of stubbornness and direct it towards like a toxic relationship and you wind up spending like 20 years with the wrong person right. Like you can like that type of stubbornness where I'm like no fucking doing this. That type of stubbornness can destroy your life if you pick the wrong thing and apply it to it. Right. So then you start to wonder like all this stuff starts to like like is this my greatest quality or is this my downfall? Yeah. Yeah. And I'm I and I get you could see yourself. I mean from if if someone didn't know I mean I imagine people in your life who would have never guessed your life if you were to now could have thought that bodybuilding was your toxic relationship. Yeah. I'm what I'm wondering with your life. I've asked if you like. I'm like really. Yeah. I've asked a few of my close friends like hey did you ever did you ever come close to like stepping in? Which is it's a valid question that's a very like to a true friend. Yeah. No. So people would know the line though because I could see Ron like you come to me after your second second place and like are you out of your mind of course you keep going. It's right there. After your seventh I might be like you are seven years older. Well yeah plus the odd I plus I got a fifth and a sixth and a third and a fourth and there so your 10 year. That's 11 years older. So when you're looking at that you're like okay I have to early and then I had the win and didn't get the card. Yeah I could see how it would be at some point if I'm in your shoes like a definitely I know and you and you are a logical person you don't do you don't wasteful and you are there's a reason you're aware you are financially in life and so because you've made millions of dollars because you make sound decisions. So your passion for bodybuilding is why you kept going. It wasn't even about the card anymore. I don't think it was. You love bodybuilding. Yeah and then there'd be the odd time like you know how people can say shit and you you're pretty good at like moving. Past it and like I would ever the fuck that guy says I'm gonna be shit. Right. But then ever once in a while somebody like you really respect will you know openly say and they're not talking about you. Right. But they'll open they say something like wow I mean yeah I mean you know some of these guys are just so delusional about turning pro I mean they just don't know when to call it quits like they're coming back to I'm seeing them in Miami at Nationals you know five six seven years in a row. Did you're like I'm a 10. I knew I think in your 14. But so then you have these moments like oh shit you know so sometimes that like invades your mind and then you have to like deal with that like how much does this really weigh is this like you know this this thing and and so there's like that there's that stuff so it's it's it's tough to manage and you know you have to like make decisions and then it did get so that like I wasn't just automatically like renewed for another year every time you know like right because most of the seconds like the first half of them I'm like Kate got second a day Kate fuck it let's go prep starts tomorrow. Right and just like you know just but then you know I remember 2010 I remember I said to my girlfriend at times like I don't know I think that might have been it and she's like okay well let's you know let's go eat you know and so it wasn't as automatic. Right. So but you know at the end of the day I always wanted to prove something to myself and that was one thing that kept me going was like I know I always believed I could I could earn a pro card and I just I just didn't want to quit and I just had fuck you know so but yeah that that's tough mentally when you're when you're close like that like I think about how hard that was for me and and I think about Jay because you know that's the Olympia yeah and obviously he's like in a position where there's a ton of more money involved so it's still financially worth it to like keep pushing all that stuff but I know that Jay didn't care about the money at the time he wanted to be Mr. Olympia. Yeah that's what that's a drove that's what drove yeah yeah it wasn't there for 100 grand. Yeah back then the hummer yeah so so you know I think man that's you know I so you know at the end of the day I mean whether or not that was you know long-term a worthy use of my time and energy I try to be proud of of the fact that I was at least able to like close that chapter properly you know may you know maybe not the way I dreamed of as a kid you know but just like you know at least make it like you know so then it's like it's a book that's like finished right like it's not like chapter 10 and there's like pages missing right that was always my always my like fear but I think of the same I mean you can have a finished book and I bring this up not for you but for the for the everyone listening is I think that the chase for a pro card or for the fame or the money of body willing some of us have forgotten that you just love doing this not yet all of us there they're on here and you gotta remember is had you went eight ten years whatever let's say the year before you turn pro you stopped you would not look back and regret it because look at the memories look where put you look at the world travel yeah and forget I'm not saying I know everyone won't have those things but I really think people need to remember because on the flip um you know I don't know if I take a bass fishing when I'm done with this I'm gonna go buy a hundred thousand odd boat I'm gonna go buy all the shit and in five years I might just I don't really like bass fishing that much and sell it and lose money but if I enjoyed it for those five years it wasn't a loss like I think that yeah there's something that I can't stand about our world in general which is if something doesn't play out the way we thought it would we say it wasn't meant to be and it's like no maybe that's exactly what it was meant to be yeah what it was okay you know the old thing about the rock he said not making that a fell being a football reject is like look at him now haha it doesn't have CTE yeah yeah and I know he's made a hell of a lot more money than it would have planned football so you know yeah and and and all the things also to another thing that was weird for me that I don't know if I've ever mentioned but when mutant first signed me and I first started traveling with rich because that was kind of how it started like I started traveling with mutant and like right away rich was added to the mix I think I only did like a couple of things where we didn't have rich right you know and um I remember like just the pandemonium about rich and all the stuff and I didn't have a pro card yet right as 2012 I never pro card and and then also too you know like they were sent me to the Olympia and Arnold and I had a little bit of imposter syndrome but I don't even like I remember like standing at the booth I'm like why am I here like and of course there's people talking to you and it's all like on the outside it's all fun and cool there's people chat and you're sign and stuff but I remember I just sort of had this feeling like no one's really here to see me like I could just leave and the booth would still be the same and like no one would really notice right and so I remember feeling like that a little bit like a little bit of imposter syndrome you know like I'd see I'd walk past the other booths and I'd see like you know Seth and Flex and I'm waving it guys and they're saying hi and then I get to the booth and I'm like I'm not a pro right why the fuck am I at this booth like I could see rich he's like an exception but like what do I have like I'm not a pro and I'm not rich so if I'm not a pro and I'm not rich like why I'm even here like but I just better smile I want to keep my job and keep talking to people I remember there's a little bit of like awkwardness on I don't know if I'd ever showed but I was like I remember feeling it right now and that's just because you know sometimes we don't let ourselves enjoy things as much as we should at first or we you know put too much pressure on ourselves to like you know be more than we you know it would ever I don't know how to word it yeah I don't mean but there's why it's important that people see like I love a lot of bodybuilders are very against where the industry is and where the world is and I'm the opposite I look and not and not just because I cash in on it but because I really think that's the way the world works you got to adjust you got to move you know rich is a prime example he's bigger than bodybuilding he's bigger than the IFBB for sure his lines and his I don't even want to say popular but his reach on impacting people is as high as anyone you mean I mean what what's the last show Rob Bailey did so here's a funny thing there's a funny thing that you just sort of pointed out which is the the lesson of the whole thing is rich taught me so here I am at first I have imposter syndrome right like why am I here I'm not a pro and I'm not you right rich yeah he showed me he's like guess what you don't have to be either one of those things anymore be you right like you like why the fuck not like why can't you be the draw without a pro card and without tattoos like you're not to be me and you don't have to be like it's just all about way you handle it and present yourself and you know I remember he used to show me his phone all the time and he'd be like none of that stuff fucking matters anymore no that stuff matters anymore you know you don't you don't have a pro card no one on here even cares no one have the people that are on this don't even know you don't have a pro card I remember him saying that to me you know when I when I turned pro it's fine it was a realization I had when I turned pro and I I've not somebody who put the IFBB in my name I shouldn't care but I remember like I put up a post somehow just saying because it wasn't exciting it was a relief yes I finally did it so I put put that up and I had like multiple people literally comment I didn't know you weren't a pro yeah yeah because because not only do they not know but they don't know that the US stays is not a pro show like they don't know they follow me because I'm funny at Costco right and then you try to find it I mean truthfully and and that's why it's funny but you make jokes and stuff and they don't even know that you're not a great bodybuilder like I'll tell people like I'm like I'm not a great bodybuilder and they're like what are you talking about and I'm like well I mean in the world scheme yes I can win any show in town easily but against the berry very best I'm terrible I guess and they don't know that yeah that's another thing that the expose taught me like exposure to that taught me because coming from where I like I was a guy that knew everyone's placing and everyone's story and all the guys in the order with which they started and retired and the history of like I just I was one of those kids that knew all the 90s and 2000s bodybuilding trivia right so I assume that you know the other people at the expo that ended in line to get a shirt and a and a pitcher with who are the same but then I quickly learned at the Arnold I remember my first Arnold with Rich he like kept pointing out to me he's like how these people don't know who anybody here is they're just here because he expose like the biggest event in town and they to drive up every year from their tiny little town to states away and they get some free merchant hope to see Arnold and they're just they don't even like they don't even necessarily know me they just see the line and they just want to get in it. Yeah or they say the freak factor I mean the freak factor would you not want to go picture with yeah so he just kept saying like all this stuff that you have in your head about your your where you fit in in the levels and stuff a lot of these people he even even aware of the levels yeah you're just here. You know there's levels you know and they don't have a fucking clue I could tell them that I'm gonna be Mr. Lempian they'd be like oh fuck like you know like Rich was great for that he's funny. Yeah really helps so no I think it's awesome but I like that people realize that it's it's funny and I know we're closing in so we'll let this go yeah I'm actually 4% something that I the time when I talk with you they he's getting ready for his first he's gonna do the junior nationals in the USA's and Todd my video guy said man you think you think you'll go to improve this year and Tommy goes gotta hope not and and I laughed I knew what he meant and he's like what and he was like well hey I'm not ready and that would be the worst thing to happen to me because it would be over when he went over he goes hopefully I'll have years of chasing that I'll get to enjoy and the funny part is Tommy's wired of it he's not even talk to you talking about getting it years to chase it and have fun and be in the mix and it's funny because I would love to take credit for that as a mentor but just he's always had that mindset is he loves to live the life and grind he reminds me of you then yeah like yeah I mean sure at some point he'd like to check the box I'm sure but he's never actually told that to me ever yeah and I fucking love it because it's it's about the grind and he gets it like it taking me years like I remember in 2011 had I come in the way I looked three weeks out I would turn pro yeah and you got I wouldn't be on the show right now and no one would know my name well so it's a good thing to keep in mind everybody you got to embrace a grind and I'm on three percent so we obviously had a good grind because that a full battery when we started I live on an American plug-life but yeah that's all good buddy I'm just gonna go I gotta go try it before thanks everybody and yeah we were looking forward we got another couple of guests that we're gonna confirm dates with like I said we got John Jewett booked so we're looking forward to this stuff and thanks for joining us and thanks for supporting and like share subscribe comment ring the bell and I love the crickets last episode great touch okay and thanks to Scott for piping in on the indie talk there when we were Instagram dumb and helping us out with some of that stuff he's right there when you need him it's every time okay thanks everybody and remember it's just body building