Hey everybody, we're back. It's just bodybuilding episode 82. We're a weak late and a dollar short dusty, but we are here. That's the latest I've ever been. I'm usually just like 20 minutes. No, I know. I'm holding. Sorry about that, guys. So for those of you that don't know, we need a quick little pandemic update. And we could put a graphic here. Ideally. Yeah. Our producer, Scott McNally, got the COVID. No, no, dusty's frozen. You got severely frozen there for a second. Could you hear us? Yeah, I could hear you. I was hoping you could hear me because I just kept going, but it didn't work. Damn. No. I was very funny for sure. But yes, Scott, got COVID. It was not good. And he wound up in the hospital. And now here's where I'm just going to make up stuff because I don't know all the details. He wound up in the hospital with pneumonia. And he was having his oxygen levels dropped. And he had to go in. And he was in the for a few days. And, you know, of course, he's young and healthy. So even though he got the pneumonia, he still pulled through. And as I saw, as of yesterday's on the treadmill, walking like two miles an hour. It's even hard time breathing, though, I guess. What's the dilute walk? There you go. The dilute walk is doing the lead cardio. I'm a shredding in no time. Done sliced to no problems. No, he'll come out of COVID with stride of glutes. So we're happy that he has his immunization over with. He's a me. He said he can go to concerts now for at least nine months. Is not they say? I thought good about that. We're going to leave Scott of Florida. Yeah. Get everybody a hug. That's what we all do if we want to actually hang out on. No one people got a Florida here. Right, right, Florida taxes. So how how are you? You got your new truck. What extra fancified. You got it. Scott's Dale. Does that what you call it? Yeah, I got ceramic wrapped. So what what the fuck? Tell me about that. I didn't even know what that is. I know what those words mean, but I don't know what getting your truck ceramic wrapped means basically what it means to some of like, man's shit is super doper shiny all the time. And if it gets wet, which I don't know how that would happen here, but if it were to I'm going to get wet. It would it would be repel the boys back. Come on, Dad. He all the sudden, of course. Need some attention. I feel that. Okay, so so if it gets wet, it will repel the water. What better than metal normally does and metal with wax normally does. And I've got to fuck with it anymore. Now it's just done. Right. We're about that. Okay. Is it true that you are picking up a vehicle today? Yes. That is newer than 2007. Yes, I made an a purchase the other day. You know, this whole looking for a vehicle thing was just weird. I, you know, I looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked. And that you know, everyone's got all their friends and hook ups and connections, right? They got a couple of guys mainly this one, this one dude that I know used to work at the gym actually. He sells cars and then one of my clients is a finance manager at the same law. And you know, there's a bunch of like hook ups, right? Yeah. And I had a lot of people kind of keep in an eye peeled for a certain type of grand Cherokee or maybe a four runner. And um, my, my buddy bought a brand new explorer like an ST, right? And I was like, holy shit. This is like fucking nice. Right. Because I just had I just had been looking at explorers. I don't, I just wasn't really into them, right? And then I was like, so I started looking at explorers and I was like, holy shit. And I started asking some of my buddies like, what about an explorer? Do you guys have any hookups for explorers? And a few of them are like, oh, well, yeah, you know, we do have one Ford lot and trouble, but they start calling around. And, uh, you know, just out of the blue, um, got a call from a guy that he was actually one of the guys I didn't even really ask for any help with vehicle. He just knew I was looking for some. He goes, hey, we just got like five explorers on the lot that are like 2018, 2019. And they're all really nice. You should just come down and look at them. Right. I was like, I'm like, I'm like, okay, so I just like spontaneously after my work out the other day, just shut out to the lot and showed up and yeah, he had like a like a real selection of like, really nice, you know, 2019 and explorers. Right. So I looked at a few of them and I was like, I found a sport. It's got the twin turbo in it and everything and it's just fucking sweet. Only 40,000 kilometers, which is fuck all, you know, you got warned to you up to 100,000. Right. So it's like, and I took it for a drive and, you know, he gave me a good price on it and I was like, fucking done deal, just get this over with. So that's why I'm going to rub for you. We can do it. Yes, 2019 Explore Sport. He gave me a pretty good trade-in on the old Jeep, you know, the great, the great ghost. Do what's crazy though is, you know, now you'll have that, you know, until you're 80. So you're all set, you'll never need another car. I'll only drive about 4,000 kilometers a year. So I should have warned you for like the next fucking, you know, that was a guy that was, this is the show. He goes, it's wrong, really, drive that little. I'm like, wrong can ride a bike everywhere he goes if it didn't rain. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, it's not out of hand at all. I told him I said, literally, we can't finish a conversation from where Ron picks me up, which is like a mile from his house to the gym. Yeah, it's impossible. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, so I'm pretty happy. I think I got all the truck on the, it's a glorified bike carrier now at this point. Yeah, but now your, now your bike is riding in style. Yeah, so I pick it up today and you know what I was really happy about? What's that? The, the finance lady sent me a message yesterday. She goes, holy shit, you have the best credit I've seen in a long time. I'm like, yeah, proud moment. Yes, yeah, yeah, you like it. I pay my bills. Yeah, I like to do that. I buy things and pay for them. I'm wild. I'm fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't live beyond my means. You know what I mean? Where I'm from, that's a rarity. There was a thing I heard, I actually saw online, it was when they were doing black Friday sales and someone put a post that like, and I can't, you can't quote me on the number. It was just, it's saying like 80% of Americans do not have an extra $1,000 if something happens. Yeah, well, yeah, and then there's, I think that, it's also the stat like they don't have one, like if they don't work for one month, they're fucked. Right. Right, yeah, exactly. Yeah, I was like, that's, so it's fine, because it was in that quote and it said, so if you don't have a thousand extra dollars, maybe you should not be taking advantage of black Friday. Right, right, but they're basically paying me to buy stuff. Yeah, it's, but it blows your mind when you think about it, because I, I've been broke, but yeah, broke, but there was still money on the side, but that's not touchable. That's like, oh, fuck money, you know what I mean? I say it, yeah, no, definitely not upgrade your chicken money. It's like, not to get the cheap shit. Hey, I remember the days before the white tuna. Just the can, the cheat. The can. I remember those days. So no, it's good. So I'm excited, man. I'm going to, you know, it's got all these features. That cars do things now. They almost drive for you these days. So first thing I did dusty, first thing I did, we're saying I did. We got this. This is, this is totally me. Got in the guy goes, take a foot test drive. Close the door. I'm all by myself. Blue tooth, my phone in. Got to check the stereo. Got to make sure. I don't have Bluetooth, I might have seven Jeep, right? It's one year before the, the plug-in for the phone for that. You don't even need a plug. You're just, you just Bluetooth. So I blew two and I put on the back and black album to test the speakers. Of course you did. Right? Of course you did. Because there's a lot, it's, it's, it's one of my ACDC facts. Is that the back and black album has been used by many producers over the years to calibrate their sound system in the studio before they record. Because everyone knows that that album sounds fucking great. So I put it on. Fused when you were in the car for five minutes and then just turned it off and got out. I've done so, we're good. I'll take it. I'm happy because I got, I got, not only did I get a big vehicle upgrade, but a huge sound system upgrade because as a 12-speaker Sony sound system in it. So as far as stock stereo's go, like I'm not the type of guy that's going to take it to a fucking shop and get fucking subs in 10 grand with the shit, I don't give a fuck about that. Plus I listen to rock music. I don't need it. No, like I don't need fucking, 10 inch subs put in to listen to rock music. So I was happy man. I'm pretty excited. That was crazy when I was a kid and I used to actually still do that shit. The most expensive speakers in my car were tweeters. They were these little tiny things in the truck, but they get pierced your ears. Like when you turn on, you're like, whoa, you're the high. Yeah, I just don't care enough anymore. Like that's it, that's what's funny. Back then I really never money to do it and I would do it. And now I'm like fuck that. I like a good sound system, but I don't need that, I don't need to win a contest with volume and all that shit. Like, you know, I just want clear good. Yeah, exactly. So I'm happy. And then it's got shit like I'm reading the list of features. And there's like lane warning buzzers and fucking lasers. It read if there's a pedestrian in the dark up ahead of you and fucking, you know, all the shit. Awesome. And some of my hate like mine's got, when you hit the cruise control, it will, it'll paste the car in front of you. So you pull up on him, I'm like, fuck that. I want to pull up on that dude and get his ass out of the way. Right. Like you see my big ass truck coming at you quick, you're going to move over. I don't want to slow down for you. Right, right, right. That's the first thing I did on like how I turn this shit off. How do I, how do I, how do I fix this? Can I get a chip removed? I don't want this. I hate lane correct, too. I actually knew a guy who had, this was like years ago, but he was one of those dudes that didn't want to wear a seat belt. So he actually had the buzzer deactivated. Yeah, he took it in his shop, he's like turn off the seat belt buzzer. You're like, what? And he's like, turn it off. I fucking hate it. They're like, you can turn it off, I put your seat belt on, right? Yeah, yeah, it's so funny. That's classic. I told him he should have just cut off a seat belt and stuck it in the hole. Exactly. Just buy a random clip jam in there. How do you feel? Do you feel like a penny or something for real, like way back in the day? Oh, okay. Now I'm really wild and I know where am I seat belt. So, right. It's the other people I'm worried about. You put up a question area yesterday. Did you get some good shit? I did, and actually I did this morning, and I'm telling you, our followers come through, dude. So I just did screenshots, so I put it up three hours ago, and I have one, two, three. 10 pages of eight questions per page filled. So I got eight questions and like a couple hours. Just go, just screw it up last night and forgot. Did can you hear Jed barking? Yeah, but it's not annoying. You're good. We got an Amazon delivery. Someone drops up and off the door, so he's like, whoa, it's going on. It's security threat. But you know how it is when Amazon comes, you want to get that box too. He just wants to say, buddy, come here, bud. There you go. I'll deactivate him. Deaptive. Come around. Okay, so you fire off one. I kept kind of my, I had a big batch last week when we didn't do a show. But I got so much, it was the most I ever got, I think. And so I kept a few of them for the show because as I call this, it'll be a good one. Get some cells. All right, well, I'm starting off with a, this is directed to me, but I'm doing it anyways. If you had a third dog, and you know, you're going to join in on this one because we're going to pick the breed of the dog too. Okay. If you were me, and you had a third dog, and they them after another soups character, who would it be? Oh, you can't do this. You haven't done suits yet. Then I did. I watch a little bit. Oh, you did. Okay, good. Okay, so we're getting another dog. We've got Harvey and Donna already. Who is the third soups character in my house? Well, you either get a dog any name at Mike. Right. Yeah. See, I think I would war Lewis. So I'm not going to lose. I'm going to have different bad. Like a fat. Like I'm going to have a, it's got to have like a jallow. Yeah, I definitely need a, I needed to, and like a really happy. Lewis. Well, like a, like a, like this bulldog is too cool to be a Lewis. And yeah, he's him saying, like, because that's my first thought was English bulldog, but I'm like, they're kind of cool. And Lewis is kind of, you meet sort of a a pudgy, short leg dog that can't really get away. Yeah. Like it can't defend itself very well. What type, what? Really. So I just want to have a wet paper bath. Yeah, it's been like a floor. Let's be like, we can vulnerable. And if you yell at it, it has to like, cow or the cat. Immediately pee pee on the floor. You yell at it. I wouldn't, yes, so Lewis would definitely be the name. I would see if I had to do it this way that this way things get different. Now you're choosing them. You're choosing the dog based on the name instead of right, right, right, right. I'm not to go, you know, that's what's going to be. I'm not to rescue it. And I'm just going to go rescue to rescue until I find that dog. And I'm like, there's Lewis right, area. You'll probably already be his name at that point because someone else already did it. And we're good to go. That's definitely neutered. Yeah. Oh, yeah. If not the first woman he meets, you're going to do it for him with her words. It's funny. But he might have a bad habit of rolling in mud. I love this. Let me move it. What are they talking about? What? We're not going mud. We're not going mud. No, we're not. No mud. Okay. Okay. Be careful, which leash park. I guess you don't really have a rain there. So you don't really have mud. You have to be dusting here, which is your ear to problem. Story of my life. Okay. All right. Where we got? Okay. So what is your favorite more adultish cartoon? Like, you know, family guys kind of risk gay with a lot of jokes. South Park. It says a lot of stuff that's, you know, not for little kids. They did that's the aisle they're going up. I think South Park is the funniest possible plus. I'm always, I feel like if I watch South Park, I should be paying attention what's about to happen in the world. Or in some cases what really did, because I don't think a lot of people realize the detail they go into when they, like for example, the presence speaking on South Park, it'll be from a moment when Trump had spoken and you'll see like the black guy right next to the lady with red hair just like it wasn't a real image. They put some time into that stuff. But I think that show, I'm a child. If it pops on, I happen to be cruising by. I'm like, oh, well hang out here for a bit. We're good. Yeah. Yeah. South Park's great. Another one of my favorites though is Archer. Did you ever watch Archer? No. I'm going to watch it. Yeah. So Archer is great. It's super fucking smart humor. You have to listen to what they're saying. You know, the other characters in the background will say something and you're like, oh, you know, you might miss it first time. Right. You know? And so basically imagine kind of it's kind of a take on James Bond, secret agent stuff. And, you know, he's a drinker and pops a few pills and bans a lot of chicks. And his cartoon. Yeah. And his mother is the head of this agency. So his like gray hair, you know, sophisticated, very snaddy. Um, mother is the head of the spy agency. And she's played by the same woman that was the mother in a rest of development. Oh, no, shit. Yeah. So she's fantastic. And the cast is awesome. And all the voices are funny. And it's, it's really suggestive like there's so like it's pretty adult. There's a lot of really suggestive stuff, you know, right a lot of bang in and a lot of drug use. And so it's it's pretty hilarious. And then what they did with archer that was unique because I like those shows that don't care about ratings. Right. Like, you know, they're they're solid. They're into like season 12 or something now. Right. So like they don't care at this point because they're solid. So you just do whatever the fuck they want. Right. So I think it was like season five or something. They just decided like, oh, let's just make this whole season a dream. And it'll be in the 1920s and it'll be like an old school detective. So like the whole season takes place in like the 20s and there's like gangsters, Vitami guns and he's like a private eye and know the whole time he's dreaming. Yeah, because he's he he he he he he he he's in a coma from the end of the season before that. Right. I like how they create the way to do this and and all the other characters just play different roles that are kind of similar. Right. You know, like his the other agents are kind of like cops and other people he has to interact with. And they just change it and then the season after that they're like, hey, let's make it. Let's make it the late 30s and we'll do like an Indiana Jones themed season where you're more like you're an agent that's looking for something and we'll put you in that jungle and we'll have Nazis chasing you. And so they just change the season and now I'm watching season 11 I think and they're in outer space. Like on a spaceship right in the mood to decide this is where we're doing this one. Yeah, so are they just change a theme of the show, but it's all the same characters and it's the same like, you know, sense of humor and everything. So if you haven't seen archer give it a check because it's it's great. You okay, man. Come on. You go ahead. Here we go. This is an easy one, but I like where we go. If you didn't, if you don't have the genetics to turn pro, would you still treat body and what the same dedication? Well, I don't think I did have the genetics to turn pro. I just outlasted the process. Yeah, I guess it's a difficult question because I mean, if someone would have sat me down and like told me like you do not have the genetics for this, I don't know if I would have listened to them anyways, because I was so determined. Do you know what I mean? For sure. I call that's whatever one tells people that are in that zone where it's not going to be easy. You know, like there's some people that know what entails in that. Right. Is there just so good? And then there's that whole kind of zone of people that, yeah, someone might tell you to give it up. Someone might tell you it's not, it's not going to happen for you. You know what I mean? No, a lot of those people can make it. A lot of those people can make it. I think for me, I mean, when when we like, and I've talked about I did have the goal to turn pro. It was my main goal. But that was, so it's not like when I hammer on people because the first thing they think is they want to improve is it's because it's different. I didn't really know what I wanted to do. That was just the the biggest goal. It's like, you know, that was the I want to make $10 million. Well, I got to make a lot of little things happen between now and then. But that was the goal. But even if I had fallen short, here's the deal. I never let body really get in the way of the life. I think that's where people fuck up now. I see kids are like, I can't take that good job because I don't want to mess up my eating. I'm a body builder. I'm like, no, no. No, no. I know you're wrong. Like I'm a firm believer. And I don't work. I quit working for money when I was 20 years old. And I started only doing things I enjoyed doing. And I ended up making more money that way anyways. But I do think you have to have a good career to do all those things. If you've got those things in check, then why wouldn't I would give everything to my hobby if it was, I don't know, softball. Right. Like I would be the hardest working fucking inner, you know, league softball player in the world. Because yeah, I don't know how to, like if I'm going to do something, I want to do it. So the answer for me is absolutely, if I knew it was never going anywhere, it would have been the same thing because even now, what I love is the day to day. People ask me when I'm going to compete, I'm like, yeah, I'm going to do it this year. I don't know when, I'm going to do it because I want to. But literally, I like Tuesday, Wednesday. There's the day. You know what I mean? And that's where I think a lot of people missed out is, if you really love this shit, it's stumbled to become a full-on career. It was literally just like, I was playing hockey, had an athletic outlet in a place to put some anger and frustration. And I was like, I couldn't imagine just going to work and coming home and cracking a beer and watching TV. Right. Like that life didn't appeal to me. So that's what I was like, oh, good, gym membership. Yeah. So yeah, I think you, I think you put everything into anything you want to try to do and fuck what people think, because, you know, I'm sure you've had this. I think I think you, I would talk about this on the show. I had somebody ask me within the last six months. Like, do I ever regret just being a body of their entraining? And the word was just kind of like a shot. Yeah, my right. Have you seen my life? What exactly would I regret? Like I do whatever I want. I have fun. I have the same day, seven days a week. Like I work seven days a week. I like to work. I don't follow the just. You know, I could make more money or less money and be less happy and either option. This is a great gig to me. Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't mean. I know what you mean. I agree. It's uh, but maybe that's a quality. Some people don't understand. Like, like, well, I mean, it's sort of applies to it. Like you said, any hobby if you were playing softball or anything. Like look what body blended into your business. Yeah. You're good at owning that gym and forget if it is a gym, if you were selling forks, you'd be good at that because of what bodybuilding taught you. Right. Right. I know what you mean. Yeah. Where card get results. All that sort of stuff put the time in. Well, you said with the bike, it's it's it's reps. It sets. Well, yeah. So, so, you know, I get people ask me, why do you why, like, why are you riding your bike? Like, what's the point? And I'm like, what do you mean? Are you supposed to do things that are fun? Like at what point in your life, are you supposed to stop doing things that are fun? I don't get it. I don't know. I can't comprehend. I don't have follow what you're even asking. Yeah. It doesn't even make sense to me. Like, you know, I have, I have a desire to make progress in something that I think is cool and fun. And because, you know, I'm 45 and I'm off the saw, dusty, you know, they're not going to be setting any records in the gym. It's training for fun now, but I want to make some progress somewhere and like, you know, stacks and bricks on something and do something cool that not everybody does. And those boxes all get checked by this. Right. Right. Because I've always liked doing things that other people don't do. They're kind of weird. And I've always liked, you know, like, cool off the wall, interesting stuff. And so yeah, there you go. Plus, who doesn't want to actually not grow up? It's been my goal from day one. I always said that. I'm like, yeah, we're not. Oh, which by the way, I've got to send you a link today. I bumped into a, it's not your kind of riding, but an 11 year old girl like spike phenom in my head. I'm like, what the fuck? Like some of the things, what kind of bike is she riding? Like, what is she doing? Is she does tricks? But she does, I'm, I mean, like, on the ground, but also in pools and stuff. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, boy, so is she riding a, I, I could a small B. M. X. Yeah, with the way the seats real low. And it's, is she, is she riding like a 16 inch or 12 inch wheel, bike like it's a smaller bike too. Yeah, there's, there's some kids that just rip on those. They're just like crazy stuff where you're like, and when you're watching, you're like, you're 11. Yeah, yeah, there's a 12 year old boy from Germany who flatlands. And, uh, and I follow him and he's just awesome. And he just went, he had a 12 inch bike. So his wheels were 12 inches around. And, uh, he, he just upgraded to his 16 inch bike. And, our end of full size is a 20 inch. That's a BMX, right? Right. So he's up to a 16 inch wheel now. So he's got a slightly bigger bike. And he, and just over the course of the last month, he's relearning all his tricks on the bigger bike. Right. And that kid just rips just fucking rips. So funny to watch him because you're just like, what? Yeah, I'm fascinated because I think it, it tells you what, like, I mean, here we go again, but it's like, for a kid to learn that stuff, that means they just go and go. Just like an adult, only it's driven from a different place in my head. Like, it's just pure desire. I want to do this. Yeah. If my kid walked into the room, if I had a kid and was like, I'm going to buy it. But okay. Then they said, yeah, they were chipped. Like, okay, I want to skateboard, sure. Okay. My parents were just glad I didn't play hockey because one hockey son was enough. Right. Yeah. And I was so like, fuck. That's why I was allowed to do whatever I wanted. Really, because nothing I wanted to do cost as much as my brother's hockey. Or the amount of time that they had to put into going and traveling and including, including the actual time cost, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, my skiing was just as expensive with equipment and stuff. Yeah. You could just drop me off at the hill and come back at the end of the day. It was like, oh, see. Yeah. It's like, it's a cheap baby sitter. You know, let's go get rid of the kids for 12 hours at the hill, Saturday and Sunday. Both days, drop them off at the ski hill. Fuck, fuck them off. Yeah. I was in no wonder my mom and dad loved weekend so much. That was their great time from you guys. Yeah. But if it was hockey, they would have had to go to games. Yep. And then carpool other kids and all that fucking bullshit. You know what I mean? Yes. Okay. Okay. Here. I got I got a couple. What is the largest animal you could beat in a fight? Jesus. I'm looking at some of those going even basic ones. I'm not sure I could beat him enough. They're dogs. I couldn't beat in a fight. I mean Jesus. Like. I'm trying to think of like basic. Penguin. I could be the penguin. Like an actual penguin or Danny DeVito as the penguin. There's any of you as pretty tough as the penguin. I think it's an actual penguin or anyone that plays for Pittsburgh because I hate those fuckers. Shit. I'm trying to think of an animal. Literally because I laughed because I watched all those things and it's in all honesty like people and pussies. Oh, we have no defense. Like what would you think about? Like it's I've seen like the the cop dogs. Like you're not. You without a weapon. You're not beating him. No. No. You're not fighting you. Yeah. No problem. And be proud of it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you'd have to immediately do something like gouges eyes out when he was locked under your arm or something like you'd have to go. You need to have split a split second to realize that you had to go like like mad max on the on this animal. Yeah. You know, I think they don't I mean because we're conditioned to be pussies. I mean you conditioned them to not be. You know, I love you ever saw like the um because Matt has the training place for those dogs as well and he actually has one a Belgian and did they'll jump through a fucking window. Oh yeah. It'd be stoked when they drag someone out they're like, well, I did fuck this guy up dad. Cool huh? Yeah. Yeah. They're not you have to make them work. So I'm almost dead serious. Like the the size of the animal or what animal would be would be so low. I mean literally like I'm thinking I'm like, I think a raccoon of what my ass. For the raccoon. For the raccoon. For the raccoon. The raccoon gives you rabies and then you die. So he still wins the fight. Yeah. I won the fight. He won the right. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. What about you? You got to think one. This is impossible. Oh, I mean we're just we're just announcing it were complete. Well, that's I was sort of trying to think like like if I were to get if I were to be in the forest and get attacked by a foresty type animal. What would I what would I even survive? And it would have to be like a small cat or something because it was even like a medium size length so can kill a man. Yeah. Like you know they're closet. They're so fucking unbelievable. And you know they just get yeah. You'd have to be like a small like you know like a real small link sir. Jesus. Even if you had even if you had a weapon you have a knife let's say. Okay. Yeah. You have to kill them. Yeah. I'd have been a tear you up so fucking fast. So I have a friend who shot like it would have been a cougar. Yeah. Shot a cougar. He was out hunting and he's really really experienced. Like he's flown to New Zealand and done the mountain the mountain she ponds and hiked through the bush and he's like a fucking hunter right. Right. And he saw this cougar a couple times over the course of like a two-day hunt or something like that. And he realized it. Yeah. He realized it cougar was like stalking him and he like backtracked at one point and then came face to face with it on the trail and he shot it. And it started coming out. It was like oh we're having a showdown right now. We're doing this now. Yeah. We're doing this now. I've been following you for a day and a half and now we're this is the Darth Vader Ben Kenobi scene with lightsabers. Someone's gonna die here. Right. And it was coming towards him and he shot it and it took off through the bush and he tracked the blood and he didn't find it initially. So he was like fuck. I wonder if I killed it or not. And you want to kill it obviously. Yeah. You want to be done. Yeah. You don't want to like make it suffer. And then I guess like within a few hours someone found a dead cougar like you know what I mean. He found out someone found a dead cougar that had been shot. He said oh I shot that cougar and like he had to deal with parks and raccobot or with a what is it? You're not hunting those yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? He had to like file a report or something like that. So but yeah man you and counters on like that in the bush like you fuck you better be armed. Yeah. But I think the only the true answer without being a hard ass is in those scenarios if you have any form of weapon. The correct answer is fight because they're faster than you also. Yeah. Like there's there's no answer other than I now is now or never is the deal. I think I could beat like if I had like a hawk trying to kill me. I think I could survive that. Right. There you go. And it's still good fucked up. So that's what's yeah. Yeah. It's still we all cut up missing and missing an eye. I don't know. It's a great last week. I think I almost can't think of anything like I'm trying to think of like wild animals that are weakened feeble and I can't really think of any. Yeah. I mean look look look look look look when like some of these even like an analogue gets a gets a a lying on it but they start kicking and shit it's like sometimes they get a horn in there too. I can end you. Hey did you see that? Did you see that video on Instagram of those elephants stomping and playing with that female lion? Yeah. Wasn't that unbelievable? Were they elephants? I can't remember. Oh they were but it was just out of like sport. Yeah. Yeah. Like like that. I guess that lion had had gotten in there and taken one of them down. But then got isolated from the group. Yeah. And they surrounded it and they just fucked it up. And it's like this female lion's like flying through the air and they're like headbiting it. Over there they rhinos. Other than the rhinos you're right. They're rhinos. They're like flipping it with their horn up in the air and then other rhinos with smash it with their head. And she's still like clawing away and kind of it's almost like a sea of rhinos. So she's kind of like trying to run out of the horn on the backs. You know? And they're just like, oh she got fucked up. And then eventually you're watching like it's one of those IGTV ones on like nature is metal I think. Yeah. And you're watching and eventually realize that the body's like lifeless. Yeah. Just playing fire it around. And the other lions are like off to the side like oh fuck. Yeah. And that's when you know it's that bad though because I've seen that before. There's another clip that was on their one time. It was it was one lion and like 10 hyenas. Yeah. She's in war with them. But then when a second lion shows up it's like now it's even. Yeah. Yeah. All she needed was that one more lion to show up and watch her back and it was like the hyenas all fucked off. Yeah. They went for a fermento like never mind. This isn't fair for us anymore. I think about that. It's like 10 to one we got this. 10 to two. I don't know. That's still that's so romantic. My favorite lion from that movie Jack creature with Tom Cruise. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you say guys. This isn't fair. Three on one. Let me go. It's five on one. And he goes, no it's three on one. The last two always run. It's so accurate though. If you watch three dudes get their ass kicked. I'm good. Yeah. I'm good. I guess missing a kneecap. That guy's missing a forehead. I'm out. Oh, good here. Hey, what's going on guys. Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think big bodybuilding media. And thank you to our great sponsor True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out. True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code advices, you directly support our podcast and thanks guys. Let's get back to the program. So I had a question. Is it your turn to my turn? No, go ahead. Because you I was just so I had I had a question that I answered the other day on my story. And I actually I had several people message me because of it. They just sent like gross or oh disgusting or and then someone was like I'm going to actually try that. And it was what's the weirdest thing that you've eaten that sounds gross but turns out to be pretty good. And I sort of assumed they meant bodybuilding food over the years dusty. So that's where I went with it. Got it got it got it. Okay. And what was your answer though? So I had this little phase. I don't know what I was thinking but at the time it was delicious but I would take two cans of white albacortuna and then I would dump my I was guiding for show. I would dump my prescribed amount of mini barbecue rice cakes into the tuna and I would just mash them up. So it was like a rice cake tuna mash but it's kind of crunchy when you ate it and I put some hot sauce on the tuna. Okay. And yeah and so it was like barbecue rice cakes with tuna and hot sauce and I would just eat it and looking back on it I don't understand what I was thinking but at the time I was dieting real hard and I just was like oh this flavor is good and this flavor is good. Let's just smash them together. It's gonna be fucking glorious. Yeah it's crunching there. Yeah yeah yeah. Oh god. I mean that's it. The only thing I because all of my I mean you know me my foods are all normal. Like I'm obsessed with it actually being good. I'll say the the only thing that I did find I don't like fish at all and people assume you do because I eat it but I eat it because it's got a purpose. So whenever I would do white fish the only thing I found was if I took and skillet fried or whatever you would call it some vegetables first just like what's that little that purple shit called it looks like lettuce. Purple shit that looks like lettuce. It's like a little strategy. No like little strings like a lettuce like shredded lettuce but it's purple. It's a fucks that called Jesus I don't know you do too we know what this is. Anyways things like that if I put the sauces in those things just bomb the fish inside of it it was good to go but that's not like weird it's just covering up fish. I don't have any weird wrong recipes like I mean and anything I have done that's weird was not good it was just to get it down like blending food no anyone who says oh it's not that bad like you are full of shit. Right when you blend up a chicken breast with anything in the world it's just to get it down as soon as possible like I literally do one of these like I have you all boom and it's one shot because I'm not taking to if I need to auction that's fine we're going without it it's not happening. Right okay your question is terrible that's just not nice. Okay okay oh that's it. Whiskey or vodka. vodka well sorry are we having a drink or a shot. I was there would be there would definitely be a different if it's a shot it's whiskey. Yeah because I was gonna say I mean I drink whiskey as a drink and that was a shot. If if it's just the booze it's whiskey. Right but if we're mixing a drink it's vodka. It's about for these in a mix. Yeah and I don't actually I don't want a drink like whiskey and coke that to me isn't like something I want to sit but vodka and coke I could drink. Yeah yeah I would go vodka so I don't like whiskey. Yeah I can do a shot a jack though I can do shots a whiskey but I shot to vodka are fucking terrible. Yeah no I went fishing with the guy one time it's a huge whiskey guy and he's like oh you want some jack I'm like sure and I'm thinking like you know you hand him like a cup. Yeah oh yeah if you got with the jack drinker still fuck around. I'm like what's in this he's like what do you mean I'm just you like I'll do you drink here's drink that's jack I was like why just hand him a fucking bottle weird I don't mean you say like literally and I'm just I'm being a sports I'm a drinker the whole time like right this is like like on on my birthday Emily took me out to a nice restaurant that we don't always go to from my birthday you know what I mean it was like nice girls nope we went to a different restaurant it was really really cool and I had a double vanilla vodka diet coke that was my back in the day when I used to have it drink once in a while you know vanilla vodka diet that's good and man I was instantly like I was half half three quarters done my drink and I was like drunk like a couldn't a driven like because of my body weight I probably would have blown under but because of my tolerance I was completely inebriated. Yeah you knew you would never keep behind the wheel doing that. No but you know there's people out there that could literally drink half a bottle and probably drive pretty safe because they're so I don't know if I lose yeah that's something funny I was like I had to like map out my trip to the bathroom. He said you got money to get up and I'm gonna head that way. But we know no stepping front of me and fuck up my equilibrium. Just fall over hell the guy walked me wrong yeah yeah exactly exactly oh my god I have a good one there so I'm skipping I'm jumping right in front again. Go if you could pick one food as ammo in a food fight what would it be and why? Oh I'm gonna go apples. You're going for pain. Oh yeah impact bruises. I don't make it bruises. There's some weight to them. I mean you don't want nuts not stone hurt they're hard but they're not heavy enough to have any real velocity to them. True. But if I'm I'm winning this food fight with a knockout. I like this I like this. I want to go the same route but I'm gonna use like an entire salmon. Right right you get to beat some money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go hold it by the tail. Just smash them with it. I'm just going to town with a swordfish like. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry you say swordfish yes I did. Wow that's another level. So there's a food fight for a fair pain. There's people that are thinking like mashed potatoes. It's gonna make a mess. We're killing people. We saw it. We killed people. Well you said it was a fight. We were just talking about fighting coogers and then fucking mountain lions. Coogers been trying to fight me since I was a kid. Oh sorry. Different thing. Different thing. My dad's some entangled men's specific behavior. I had a couple of coogers incidents when I was younger. I just love you with entangled men's because that's funny after last year permanently. In her entanglement. Oh god. Sorry well. Okay. Okay. Favorite sports movie. There's a few here. Dude I'm going I'm going this is gonna throw you off. But I'm I'm considering this a sport. And so it's days of thunder again. It just keeps coming back. It just keeps coming back. I can't get enough of a cold trickle. I'm sorry. Okay. It's fair enough. It's a NASCAR show, right? Stock car racer. But actually my true answer is slap shot. Slap shot is the greatest. Yeah. That's the greatest movie of. You know what I I should watch slap shot again because that that's such a classic and I saw it a bunch of times as a kid and it's been years and years since I saw it. I should throw it on. It's still I literally probably watched it within the last six months and even though I know every word it still makes me laugh. That's funny. Oh those like that's a good one. That's a good one. I I'm sort of thinking. I remember seeing the program. Oh yeah. And I was like whal. That was awesome. And and then you got does any given Sunday? That absolutely is a great and now what's the I almost want to count the Bruce Willis movie that I really liked. Which one? There was that football player that killed himself at the very beginning? Was a football movie. Oh please keep talking. Oh fuck. The football movie. I'm getting you. Don't worry. That was really cool. And then you got Rudy. Do you remember Rudy Dusty. Of course. That's a guy's just who knows. Only person I've ever impressed him. You tell me the last boy's got the last boy's got remember that? Yeah. Is that what you're talking about? No that was a great show. Okay. Yeah. It was a great line in that movie where the guy actually actually slept with the guy's wife. It was an accident. Oh you walked during your slipping. My your deck fell in the water. What? Is it accident? Yeah. So yeah. So Rudy is like the greatest underdog movie right? Yeah. That's awesome. But yeah. Yeah. I think at any given Sunday is pretty goddamn good. Yeah. That's a solid choice for sure. What else he got? What else? What other sports movies? There's so many. I mean there's so many just football sports movies that are awesome. Yeah. You don't even mean? Wow. Then you got of course you got Major League. Oh yes. I freaking I freaking love that show. That's it. You know what? That's another one of those shows that I would I would stop at every single time. Yeah. Yeah. Wild thing. Oh god. Fantastic. So what is it days on this one? Jesus. Okay. I'm just experienced and then I'm actually I actually have a training question because we haven't even touched training yet. Oh, we should have been bodybuilding that's weird. Yeah. I'm an hour into the show. No training questions. Well if we're going to go to training first then but I'm going to ask this question Iran just because I love the answer and I already got it. Okay. This person wants no how big is your cock? And you get to answer and once this answers done I'm going with it for the rest of my life. But you got to give the story. Got to give the story. Okay. So that does see now we're talking earlier and I was saying that I had a line once that just came to me and you know what sometimes put some of a putty on the spot and you actually like you get them. Yeah. You win the war. You win the war for that question. I mean if somebody just walked at me and said it to me I wouldn't know what to do with her. Yeah. Yeah. So I saw him dusting his story about one time I was sitting with the staff at the bar and there was this one chick that worked there and she was really funny and you know she was like really cool to have around and just out of the blue. So the blue she goes, hey, Ron how big is your dick? And everyone just turns and looks at me. It's like the whole staff. And of course like she was she was a little older than me and like quite attractive and I was like a younger guy right now I didn't want to look like a fucking idiot. Right. There I go. It's big enough to have never had a complaint and it's small enough that it's still getting an old. And the whole room just popped and everyone laughed and now that's my that's my signature line whenever whenever that kind of joke comes up. How big your dick? Your body builder. How big your dick? Because then like you know I've had that drunk idiot say that to me like you're your body builder how big your dick. So that's a good line. So anyone out there you're free to use that line. It's not charging for it anymore which is great. And that's well it's public domain now because it's been around for a while right? Yeah I like that definitely I would definitely use that now. There's no better answer like there's literally nothing else you could say to that other than what do you want for breakfast she could ask that next. Right because any any any check that put you on a spot like that you know you got two solutions you you know like you know like you know like what do you say especially when you're a younger guy right I think it was in my 20s or something right Yeah, she's like you know a little older and kind of in your all of a sudden you're just like put on the spot and you're like oh That was a hell of an answer on a spot. I would not have come out that well and my story happy with that and I think that maybe just for a split second she might have wanted to fuck me. I'm sure of it. Just kidding alone. I just kid I'm just just I don't know just you overcame I do all right let's get to this silly body one question you want to I had a body button question yeah so this is the I know that's the good one so what is the optimal length and amount of sessions per week for optimal muscle gain and I know that obviously this is not a perfect question with a perfect answer but generally what do you think? I think first days in the week four maximum five is my solid answer there I'm psychotic and don't believe in training one three days in a row I think you're seeing that so shot at that point when you need a day off length of time in the gym varies if you're training with a partner one person I think 90 minutes is about as long as it should ever take can be a little longer but in reality if you want to break it down it's how much time do you actually spend under a bar? Yeah you know because I'll have like for example a leg day for me I just said 90 minutes leg day takes two hours every time but the reason is every single lift is so heavy that I spend so much time getting to my working sets you know when you're on a hackswatt and you're finishing at 10 plates aside you start one right and you gotta be careful what you go up to play to the time you go one three times it's the one two because those are like it's weird for my body it's every movement the first set is like a wash the second set is drastically better and now I'm moving on anybody part like even on like a hammer in climb press I'll do a single plate twice that's funny you say that because I'm exactly the same I could do like I could put like a plate or two plates aside on the leg press and do 20 reps and it feels kind of awkward I get up a walk around for a minute you'll move around a bit come back to another 20 reps and it feels like smooth range is there everything's fucking flowing yeah and now I can go to four and then six and then eight and then ten but yeah yeah that's what I do it sorts after two it's two at a time and then when I get to eight it's eight nine then ten right I see but but nine is two reps yeah so they're all what they're all ten reps except for the last touch with nine plates yeah I'll do well it's like even I don't want to waste any energy so you also want to four for ten six for like six eight for like four now I'm just touching weight in my body so the the reps start to decline about halfway through your warm-ups yeah once I know I'm ready and I'm just feeling weight but yeah so that gives you an idea though so because we we actually joke to I just barely I said because I filmed every working set at the end of the workout I got that's a good workout I trained for eleven minutes right because I had eleven minutes of true gone to hell training yeah yeah you know I just the mid I trained in a rep range is kind of funny but just barely last week I decided to do some high rep stuff just to it was right before the the knee it shows getting fixed yeah yeah and I laughed it was the first time in forever I had to cut the video because it was too long for Instagram oh my yeah that's our separate one yeah yeah yeah most of them are sets and sex both hundred minute that's plenty yeah that's minute of your life though high intensity you don't want to you don't want disappointment lasting any longer than that it's all you get that one minute so you can handle that's why I did that for you you're welcome right right how long can you last you're more long before I'm done six but I'm happy but not long enough to make you bored yeah you gotta give those types of answers to those questions that you always get your way out of it without ever truly answering that like that right what's uh what was your answer to the same thing that's funny because I agree with you on pretty much every single thing you said I just find that while you're training intensity obviously we're talking about people who are training really really really really hard right and trying to be progressive and pushing themselves and probably going to failure on most of their working sets and all that sort of stuff and you know based on the way I train and I you know style of training with you know like like to go to failure on a lot of sets and all that stuff um well not a lot of sets technically it's actually a few sets but um I always had problems when I tried to train six days a week um several times when I thought you know what I'm going to do a separate quad hand day and I'm going to have an arm day so that means I got to have six days a week right and I would always like you know because technically muscle-wise you're getting the recovery like you're I was still training everything once a week right like my frequency went up and I wasn't really doing more volume maybe a few sets right extra volume because I had the time on you know quad hand day I thought I'll add a little bit but I would just get fucking trashed and I would get a cold or a flu or I would have a week where my strength would go down and like even in the middle of a cycle right I would have like a chest day where I was a week and I'm like I want a cycle right now and I'm eating my face off like how can I I think why would I get weaker and the only thing I could ever track it back to would be the if it would always be screaming right in my face it's been three weeks since you started training six days a week and I would always be like that three four week magic mark I would and hit and I would get sick or run down or something would happen and I would go back to five days a week and everything would come back around and so you know I mean when I meet people who train every day like I've had clients where I'm like okay you know here's your this is chest and shoulders and here's your arm day and then I want you to take this day off to look all I've been taking a day off in months I'm always like oh man that you that's like that tells me that they're not focused in the gym and they're not driving themselves and they're not overloading their bodies and they're not causing the type of CNS stress not that you want to be like smashed and burned out on CNS but they're just not there's like getting the same amount of stimulus no it's it's a muscle it's funny but how to guide this week a client of mine was in the gym training and he never strapped some and it's everything just looked like pathetic and I've never really seen him train to like fuck and I'm training what I have to do this I was like wearing straps and he goes ah now I'm just this is an off-day so I'm just kind of getting a little blood in everywhere and I'm like okay don't do that it's gonna I told him I was like I understand because I I it's when I don't train it's two hours of my day I need to fill with something and I love the train but I was like if you're this tells me not training hard enough because as much as I want to go to the gym today Monday the day I don't train I'm beat up I know I shouldn't go to the gym you know I'm saying if you can't let the show this morning I wouldn't have called timing but like oh let's get in there like I'm fine so there's a desire to go because we like to train every day and we love to work out but if you actually want to follow through I can almost guarantee you're not training hard enough yeah yeah you should I look forward to off days like oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we're not training thank god it's smashed we smash legs on Saturday and yesterday I well I rode my bike last night and it took the whole day for me to summon up the mental energy to realize I was like I have some activity I have to do the right like I got plans I'm riding my bike tonight like I got a like I got to like have a little nap and like get a little like energy going because I was just smashed all day yesterday from legs of course I went into the jam and like walked around and you know how to check check the jam out and I was just like uh fuck we don't have to have to like every single time yeah I actually we shot a bunch of pictures this week I had two workouts in a row where Calvin came in um you didn't get to meet Calvin did you know but I saw I saw some of the images you put up already that were so sick yeah so Calvin is like bumstead's best buddy okay and that's why bumstead likes to come out here is because he gets to shoot with Calvin at West Coast right and then Calvin would fly out to Toronto or fly to the Olympia or fly like he was down at the Olympia with Christmas he films all the bumstead's content right so all this stuff that you see bumstead put up um and now I guess jacked because bumstead's with jack so he's getting they get see or get Calvin to do some of that stuff too right so so yeah so he's he's really good and um it was it was nice to get him in for some pictures and it was so funny man because you know he he does like really good work oh it's really really good and uh he just came in and we did 100% real workouts you know I didn't like I didn't like move my arm on anything or like there was nothing like that and he got some of the best pictures I've ever had taken of me even when I was competing doing actual photo shoots yeah I could say from seeing you stop I just want more of it right I think that much better physique and I look better in these pictures I think he's the best photographer at that kind of shooting I've ever seen just because I mean I've shot with a lot of people that way as well and my my favorite shot total picture of all time of me is deadlifting in Venice with uh uh Pav was shooting me and uh he was there was same thing flex magazine at paid for it and they were like just trained right and he just caught an image off a mirror so it's like I'm actually deadlifting there's veins and shit's all crazy yeah I'm like all right that's a bad aspect here yeah because I one of you doing the um over the preacher crew yeah posted yeah that's a sick picture yeah that's him he did all those and and he had no lights no lights just a camera and you know he just shot he shot chestwork out at night and then we shot legs during the day over by the by the windows right and he likes both those lightings yeah of course and it just turned out great and and it's funny because back you know back then when I had like a lot more muscle and stuff you know dieting for show or just after a show but I don't like any of those photos because they're not real yeah you know like you're wearing shorts and no shirt and you're doing side laterals right it's like this picture to me now looking back on my career it's pictures like silly that's right I didn't that's not a train so it doesn't there's nothing like to me it was like this thing I had to do that was just kind of annoying right and and I never really liked how I looked in those photos anyways but you know Calvin comes in and shoots it's just training with like a cutoff shirt and he gets like real face and real moments and real like even just leaning on a machine right but it's it's real because you're actually pumped you're not like fake pumped where you kind of feel flat because you tried to look good but yet you tried to load and you're not really sure fuller flat and it's the other that photoshoot dilemma yeah we're possibly in those pictures like the difference between leaning on the machine because you're actually tired after a set versus posing where you're trying to get in the position that makes you look the biggest the best you know you're totally right yeah those are sick I can't wait to see the rest of them because we gotta be some pretty good snack of stuff yeah I got I got a bunch of cool ones I just don't want to bomb them all because you know it's supposed to be used for actually marking this is marking yeah I got one for you shoot I mentioned I mentioned one of my answers already but there's a few what's the most unbelievable sounding conspiracy theory or historical conspiracy theory that you could actually buy into or I interested in okay historical we have some going on right now but I don't think it could spirits like these our entire presence is a conspiracy theory of bullshit he's something else somebody knows somebody put up a thing actually today it was funny it was on so you know when YouTube people can thumbs up and down your videos so a Biden video went up and it had like 10,000 thumbs down and 600 people liked it yeah but he got 80 million votes no no one blinking at the fence we had less registered voters than votes right anyways so yeah what I haven't you know what I don't even know all the the final wash out of all that stuff I just know it just goes away someone with enough power has to care well entire system is corrupt you're all set well and and and look at what's going on in China right now China just passed a bunch of rules that make it almost impossible for anybody who's not approved by the party to run for office in democratic Hong Kong because you know China's trying to suppress Hong Kong and they're trying to like they don't want Hong Kong to you know do it's own thing anymore and they're really trying to lean on it so the commies had they are went in and arrested like it was like a hundred political people that were pro-democracy and anti-commonist party so there's guys that were trying to run for office that you know they're sitting in a box right now so they don't want anyone to vote for them it's fucking crazy um the one that I mentioned that I I think is going to be cool is uh I'm hoping one day we find out what happened with JFK right and I'm not talking about the lone gunman conspiracy I'm talking about the who actually had him killed conspiracy because whether it was one guy who got off all those shots or whether there was another gunman with another gun isn't what I give a shit about it's was it the KGB that had him assassinated was it the CIA that had him assassinated was it linda johnson who had him assassinated was it you know some sort of other group I mean there's even talks of like Castro and some of the Cuban communists having something to do with you know apparently um Lee Harvey Oswald you know he went to Mexico and met with some Cubans at some point before the assassination so there's all these crazy stuff and we don't know the the final facts I know Oliver Stone made that movie but that was Oliver Stone's interpretation of what happened and there's been a lot of dilemmas to whether not that's actually how it went down you know so um but yeah the I mean that's that's a huge deal like we don't we don't remember what a big deal that was but just imagine if that happened now oh yeah that's the big fucking deal and I think now never actually they blamed it all on one guy and said it was just him oh by himself on his team's day his idea yeah yeah and I don't buy that at all so but I think that's kind of what's if anything in the US and shirts everywhere but here you can't no matter what side you stand on you can't argue that it's very obvious that the most corrupt people in our country run it oh well yeah I mean that's you know it's that's basically everything is settled into that now you know I mean because you look around it's kind of like you know if there can be a running joke that having dirt on the Clintons gets you killed and then people keep dying anyways it's like like it reminds me of like the the m&m song where he's like you know standing in front with a can of gas and a handful of matches and then something fire yeah yeah yeah you know I mean literally because that's how it is here I'm like so that's the most dangerous person in the world that old woman that's scary shit so yeah I know that's the that's the it's fine just google it's conspiracy theory is just to see it there is a there's probably a decent list that you could dive into oh shit yeah like you know and then one thing you can find one thing to keep in mind is uh do you remember Joe Rogan did show called think it's like Joe Rogan questions everything or something I can't remember what the name of the show was but it was very short lived it was only like it wasn't even one season I think it was like two thirds of a season and they ended it and that's really noble thinking no no was it actually the opposite Joe had this idea that he was going to explore all these conspiracy theories and talked to all these experts right but the ones that he picked to start with just turned out like I don't think he picked like JFK or anything he picked like big foot right like it's going to go see a big foot exists well of course big foot doesn't fucking exist so he winds up walking around the forest with this fucking loony dude and he realizes the guy's like off his rocker right and he realizes this is going to be a shit episode and he's with this crazy guy you know what I mean so just didn't turn out that great and then he goes and doesn't another episode and he realizes the same thing is like oh wait these people are just all fucking crazy because he didn't pick like conspiracies like that where there's you know because people hear the word conspiracy now and one thing I'm worried about is that the media is going to condition people to think that anyone who believes in anything labeled a conspiracy should be completely ignored right and which is what they kind of tried to do because of the COVID and election stuff but there's all sorts of other things that were labeled conspiracies that are actually more reasonable to question like the JFK assassination right or you know certain things like that so we have to be careful that you know like I say most conspiracies are just large levels of incompetence and bumbling idiots not communicating yeah yeah I may have a tension but you can't ignore like here for example I'm hoping with the media things might start to change there's a lady here that just quit she's been on the top news channel and the top two people for last 22 years and she announced her retirement after breaking literally said it's not proud to be in a journalist anymore we're no longer telling both sides of the story we no longer did I mean she basically said I can't back what I do anymore right and when you have some of that level who's walked away from a career that's paying her ridiculous you know what she's gonna do yeah yeah she was just kind of like I know what she'm just gonna write a book but she she might not even know that yet but that's coming but that means to see that is like it was like a breath of fresh air to me I'm like okay there are some people behind these fucking lines that know its horseship they're gonna start walking right and same things hopefully eventually you can at least hamstring it a little bit right I'll go to my mother's house and she'll have the news on my turn it off like I didn't want it on yeah yeah irritated immediately I'm like what channel is I can tell you what side we're on right exactly and that's which to this one we get to the other side what about the uh I mean I've watched a couple of Rogan's podcast and I've I've I've read a bit what where are you are you interested at all in like the area 51 stuff or if there's any sort of technology they've had that they haven't disclosed to us oh I think that's awesome and I think it's arrogant to assume where the only thing out there right right right you know now the question mark of course has had they been here but I think I think yeah I can't I assume as we live and it's gonna sound fun to be able but I shouldn't there's other creatures much smarter than us right I have no doubt about that I watched uh there's uh Lex Friedman has a great podcast and he has all sorts of like you know genius level physics and astronomy people and every sort type of person on there and he had one guy on there talking about like the actual statistics of how unlikely it is that there aren't actually billions of planets like earth right like statistically there's billions of planets that are goldy lock zone from whatever sun they're orbiting where they're the right temperature to have liquid water and this you know probably have life on a whole shit ton of planets and now statistically how how many of those planets here's here's one of the the things about whether not there's intelligent life life is a lot more likely than intelligent life right because you have to have a planet that also gets uninterrupted by catastrophic events that wipes life out right literally repeatedly you know like the dinosaurs but like every fucking every couple million years when something gets actually roll and there's another fucking asteroid or the other just constantly terminating the chain of events and restarting things but still with billions of planets there has to be someone and then you just wonder if they would have bothered to stop I got about it but based on what we've been doing in the last couple years I think they look by like oh don't pull into that neighborhood yeah well it's kind of one of the things I really liked I know you're not a star trek guy but one of the rules with star trek is they don't want to engage a pre warps society right because they'll fuck it up too much right they don't want to interfere with pre warps society so so like in the in the in the movie first contact which is one of the best star treks it's it's it's sort of about the moment when earth first encountered it's first species which were the Vulcans which is like Mr. Spock right but the whole premise is they have to go back in time to make sure that this one scientist tests his warp engine at a certain time so that the Vulcans ship sees this the warp trail and realizes that earth is now a warp level society and comes and visits right and they're like there's like this time thing where they have to make sure that moment happens or else the Vulcans will never stop and it will change history because I'll never get first contact right so it's kind of like you wonder if the aliens would think that way like they'd fly by and they'd watch our TV and listen to our radio and go and they're not ready yet not now yeah we were closer two years ago that we are now I can tell you that yeah yeah yeah yeah we're not stopping let's let's loop around again it's come back on the next trip we'll see how they are they're done ready yeah so like that's that I always found that element of of of that story really interesting because that would I assume an alien would have kind of a cut off yeah well I think the fact that you and I have any two partners that people listen to is a sign we're not ready too they're not fucking ready they're not ready they're definitely not ready oh god that's cool another thing that was cool about this that's that guy was talking about I don't know if I told you this before but he was saying that one of the things about societies is that there's really a very very very thin window where organic life will have technology and a huge amount of knowledge before it becomes cyber nettoclife which almost feels like we're starting to do know as well about to encounter like basically you're a cyborg with Zonsi of this in your hand all they have to do is put this in your head and then you're officially a cyborg right so but you can't stop technological advance so no matter what society no matter what experiment you run the eventually technology will go like this and they'll eventually hit a singularity and it's actually very quick like the little gap like how long of humans been around you know 150,000 years and within the next 100 years there's a couple hundred years we're going to hit like an absolute technological singularity that's a really small window of time where it's just organic life being smart right so most mostly most likely if we get encounter by aliens it will be cybernetic or completely robotic you know it's crazy those it's a conversation now versus if we were saying this in 1982 it would seem far-fetched and we'd be saying how in 2020 there'll be spaceships everywhere right yeah but even even even more simple though because what we have now if you were to spit that back back then but like walk back was an absolute fact people like yeah why would I why would I walk around and I've been joking about recently but people came walk through dogs without their phones anymore no no I might I might walk your fucking dog yeah page it's something off the ground they're not supposed to eat I paranoid both that all the time I'm watching what Jets sniffing and shit yeah I just hope you laugh because like I said what you're saying right here I'm like oh we're almost there yeah yeah yeah I think we're getting real fucking close because when we hang up this phone and I walked to my truck it's going to tell me how many minutes it takes me to get to the gym because it knows it's what I'm about to do that always freaks me out every single time I'm like some of a bitch it's Monday we're not going but good try yeah oh shit okay there was what I wanted to ask um and and I'm gonna ask you this in phases or in two answers do you mentally prepare before going to the gym or only when you enter and the way I'm gonna add to that is now compared to when you were first getting into it great question so um I had a ritualistic routine for most of my workouts when I was competing all those years trying to get huge all that stuff which was you know it's time a little time frame of about 25 years straight small um I would I would always do my very best effort to make sure that I went from home to the gym what I mean by that is I didn't like to schedule a bunch of other stuff I didn't want to have be coming from the dentist and then go to the mall to get some stuff and then pick up some some things from home depot and then you know go to the gym I always tried to avoid that as much as possible I know obviously life happens and we got a train when we train but I always tried to make it a real ritual to like eat a meal you know put some music on get ready to train you know get in the mood I'm not thinking about other stuff you know get all fucking get my you know chesty t-shirt on like you know what I mean chesty and chesty hat like whatever the fuck and then drive to the gym with some good music cranked fucking yeah Boba but I'm not like on my phone trying to take care of a bunch of stuff and I always had like a 10 minute drive to the gym and Emmetton for so many years so I would just I would walk into the gym ready to go ready to go and that was how I always felt I had my optimal workout experience and and now I I I carry that now I mean obviously my life's different now and I do just hop into training sometimes like there's times when I lose track of time right like I'm busy I'm working at the gym something's going on and then I look over and Braiden stand there and it's 501. I'm like oh gotta go train and I literally grab my drink like I would have already taken my pre workout and stuff but I like grab my drink and my belt and hit the floor you know but but for the most part if I'm at the gym working I'll go in the back office turn the light off sit down in a chair and put my headphones on and put my feet up for even just like five to ten minutes right and just like listen to some music and just not do anything close my eyes even not off for a second and then my little timer will go off and I'll come right out and go train and just having that little moment to shut down is like a huge help I think I try not to go through my phone and clear my phone right before I train you know sometimes you have to respond to something obviously but ideally I like to shut down for a bit and just listen to music right you know section off yeah totally agree I mean I think the the answer is simple is conditioning yourself to so you're so you're your brain and body knows it's time to do this now like I always compare it to like dogs when my dogs hear the keys hit my hand they know I'm about to leave right like that's the deal so I know if I'm gonna put them in the kennels I do that before I grab the keys same thing with your training if you can get yourself in some form of a ritualistic pattern where these three things happen then you don't walk in the door the gym and then you train you'll actually condition yourself to understand like okay now it's time to shift into that place you know I think that's important if you're I mean hell if you're almost everyone but I mean if you've got kids and they're running around your brains you've got office something that shuts the world down so that when you walk in the gym that 90 minutes or whatever is yours yeah you know because that's one thing I don't have an issue with I have zero distractions well it's the gym yeah it's the only thing on my mind and it's not that I'm afraid like my phone is with me the entire time but nothing knows me away from it and you have to figure out a way to put yourself in that mindset to say like when I was first read I asked about beginning versus now I used to have to really be gym time in my brain the whole time I was there whereas now I can literally you could tell me the story about how big is your dick and that answer and I could laugh and then as soon as I touch the bar I'm back right like yeah yeah yeah I don't need to be gym guy hardcore the whole time anymore but I used to have to that was if I got out of that I was out of it yeah I know it is a skill to shift your mindset for sure and that's why I can be that's why I can sometimes have a great workout after being like distracted all day you know and there's also sometimes you almost get a rebound effect like like the more sudden you have to shift the stronger it is like I've had times where I'm like super flustered I'm like oh my god I have to train and then I wind up having like a smoke and workout where I'm laser focused so it's you know you like overcompensating you pull it all together you know I think a lot of that comes from experience so so for the person who asked the question find a way to get that system I really do believe that and you'll you will const some of the last I get that question lot what are you doing at the bad workout I'm like oh I don't I don't work out I mean that's such a rarity for me to say a workout is bad like it was not that I missed a rap but it was a bad workout I don't I have to think of what year that was when I've had yeah yeah also two I I just I generally have a really positive view of of training now so even if I have a workout where my strength isn't that great or something I just look at the positives I'm like oh you know I wasn't that strong today on the incline and the dumbbells felt heavy but they're not really great pump today and then I'll like you know maybe I looked in a mirror a little bit after it was like fuck look really good right you know so I'm okay because I don't have the pressure on me obviously to like you know outperform every fucking time right but the the marker of a good workout now is honestly like how does my body feel right nothing hurts all the movements feel greased up like that's great yeah nothing's left on the tank so you don't know yeah yeah for sure was it your turn to my turn only of time for like a couple more yeah we're gonna do a couple of the roll to the point when 30 minutes it takes me 25 to get there what's your appointment I'm getting I started meeting with someone to do some she's actually stretching me I want to open up all my hip mobility and all that it's functional for the gym but I started to just realize like I'm literally a bodybuilder like there's nothing else is natural because we don't twist we don't turn um my uh we reach it we reach into the back seat for stuff yeah occasionally you guys get out my trip my back seats away the fuck back there you're about to experience a whole new back seats are um yeah no but seriously my my PT I told him and he was super stoked because he things a lot of potential injuries we're gonna go away because of this so we'll do it and then I'm doing not tempering afterwards her husband has one of those uh it's called the X-wife it's a it's a roller but's 130 pounds oh yeah okay you know and they work on you with that I'm stoked for that it's gonna be excitingly painful yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you get an Instagram that shit oh yeah oh yeah everything okay I'm breathing and that's something with bodybuilding you get seen plus these guys they've got a really good business going so I want to give them some some props because they're uh they're at the they're at the gym if you're at my gym and you're doing good shit I want people to know okay okay well um we've got uh we've got a we've got a lineup another guest here we've got a list of people that I know you're interested in bringing on and we've got a list of people that I've talked to and you know it's time we've got Scott back now he's he's out of the hospital so we should get someone on yeah done we let's do we'll get one before next week for sure because I have a few that have reached out and I actually have one um I'll tell you off the air but uh I want to do before the uh beginning of the like national level shows here uh he's really in the mix with prepping for the shows and all that's up plus and athlete plus a coach so okay uh and he's old school so I like him okay okay that sounds good to me um 82 in the books down and done we we battled through a lot of shit here we had dogs making sounds we had me not having internet I think we did all right I got a text while we were on the show saying that I can go pick up my truck it's a good day yeah if I don't get a picture before you leave the lot I'll be disappointed just so you know I don't know I'll send one to you I'm not gonna Instagram it though no I'm sorry your style but send to me okay all right boss okay thanks buddy remember everybody like share a subscribe comment ring the bell we appreciate everything you guys do for us we're happy to be back sorry about missing last week you know disease happens five jams yeah okay remember everybody it's just body building