Hey everybody, welcome to episode 89 of It's Just Body Building. Dusty Han Chom myself, Big Ron Parlo, we got a lot of Instagram questions, we're happy to have you back on It's Just Body Building. Here we go Dusty, I got good news. What is it? The channel has 10,000 subscribers, which is a good milestone for the channel, we're pretty happy about that. Absolutely, I mean, those other shows won't be doing really really well since we've already discovered no one watches this one. We got 10,000. I mean, everyone's got 10,000. Yeah, it's a group thing, and we just kind of fall into it, which is a cool way of. It's drug along. It's like when Bitcoin goes up, it drags the other crypto's up with it. We're the other crypto. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the other crypto completely based on another meme with no real value whatsoever. It's fine. It's a perfect, no, I think it's awesome. I love seeing that many people are rocking with the channel, and I've slowly ventured into some of the other ones when I'm flying and stuff. It's my new thing. I just download and listen when I really learn a lot, but I enjoy it. Oh, your secret flying. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. We appreciate that, and then we get to use our little graphic. I like, I can't. The bell has a good stick or something. That's why I do this. Well, when you do that, that Scott should have a ding. Yeah, it's a least you could do. And then if, well, if he adds the ding, we'll know that he actually watches this. Which if he doesn't add the ding, we'll know that he just skimmed through the episode. He's not even one of our followers. Yeah, he does the same thing. He's not even subscribed. He's not even subscribed. He's not even subscribed. He's not even subscribed. He's not even subscribed to the channel, but not these two. Yeah, I'm trying to figure out. Yeah, no doubt, no doubt. It's been a good week. How you been doing? Awesome. I'm, I'm, I'm, what's it, four? Today is day seven on my new program. Oh, I'm, I'm celebrating the fact that I still live in the only part of Canada that hasn't completely gone insanely tyrannical. Yes, I can't believe, listen, I mean, it's bad. It's bad here. The government has this. No, it's the first perverse idea of what they should have the ability to do. They're just blows my mind. But the rest of the country, I just, I don't even know what to say. Are you stunned? And we are, this conversation just the other day that people forget, strengthen numbers. Oh, yeah. Well, if the, if the, if the majority, if the people who think this is dumb all said fuck you, all of them had the balls to take a stand, that's why I think people forget like, even government, even the US government, any government. Okay, let's say that's, I don't know, let's give pausing. 2000 people run the top of the government. We'll give them millions of us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Fuck, we tell them if we take control. Yeah. It's, there's all this video on Instagram. If you want Instagram and you look at like some of my friends who live in Montreal, where they've had curfews in just insane, insane shit going on for a while now. The videos, they're pumping out of like, there's like 500,000 people in the street. There's like, they're just like, they're pissed off. None of that video. Let's see, get seen anywhere on the news. Yeah, that's further control. That's why the news is bullshit and every country. Canadian, Canadian media is especially insidious at its cooperation. And yeah, it's cooperation and how it's become part of the government here right now. It's just such an insane thing to watch. I mean, uh, uh, uh, some of the provinces, they just, they just closed down gyms again in another province. They were open for two weeks. They were shut, like, shut for four months, open for a month, shut again for four months, open for two weeks, shut them again with no, it doesn't. It doesn't. It's no, that's not even enough. They're not even open long enough to collect data. Right. You can't even get a number, like, like, you know, it's one thing to say, oh, well, we had, you know, a hundred outbreaks in gyms this month. Like, it weren't even open long enough to have any problems. Right. It's just, it's ridiculous. I don't know what to say. I'm definitely, uh, I'm definitely anti locked down. Um, but I don't want people to think that I'm, like, I think one of the problems. And I don't want to get into this too much because I'll talk about this shit. Right. Basically real quick on my end. And then you can run with whatever you want to do with it. But, um, one of the main problems is that a lot of the people that are anti locked down are also anti vacts, um, or kind of along those lines. And I'm not an anti vaxor. I'm completely pro science and huge believer in the medical community. And my brothers and infectious disease doctors. So I hear all the inside stuff. He tells me the latest on, like, before the Pfizer Vax came out, he's like, oh, Pfizer's got one coming right away. You know, that's genetic. It'll probably be obsolete soon. And then this was going to come out. And my journey has got one coming like he, you know, I heard all that stuff before. And he's pretty excited about the newer ones and this and they're definitely good. And, you know, he's, he's up to date on it. And I'm, I mean, I'm booked to get mine this week. I'm not going to post about it. Um, you're gonna put the sign, the celebratory. No, no, the reason I'm getting mine is because my dad's 81 years old and I want to go to see him. And, and, uh, I really am, you know, I am concerned of around hundreds of people a day. And I just want to make sure that, you know, I get this done and get through this. He's already had his first shot. So, uh, you know, um, and we're also seeing that places that have high vaccination rates are opening back up without problems. So that's coming. And I'm not saying everyone has to get it. It's just that that threshold, you know, what is it? 30% or 40% of the population, all of a sudden you have kind of hit that threshold where everything's kind of okay. Um, I can't, I'm not a scientist. I can't remember the number. Well, it's all just, I mean, you know, it's whatever the, whatever circus they're trying to put together with people. And I'm, uh, I'm not the anti, but I'm not fucking doing it. Yeah. But I also do a flu shot. And I'm also like, yeah, oh, I don't need it. But I look back at things. I think this is the, the, the sticky part. People should do whatever they want to do. So saying thing I feel about mass and they're, I don't, I don't look at me who gets the vaccination or wears a mask and takes anything. Although I, I, I, I will say that I, I'm slightly talking at both sides of my mouth because I do get irritated sometimes when I go into the grocery store. And I see people still doing things because that's what they're supposed to do. Right. Verse, like where you know they're stance and they're like, ah, I'm like, that's how things get fucked up. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you don't mean. Want to absolutely. Oh, good. I think it's shit. What's going on up there. And it's now been proven essentially in my opinion that the only guarantee of lockdowns is fucking a time. Yeah, it's the only thing that people still dying. Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. So, but whatever, they're doing their thing. My client's a pest, but I, we found places to train houses and, you know, the resilient ones just seem to find a way. I got a guy that just, how she meets up with a buddies place secretly, like, co-op to train his house. I'm like, that has to be a secret to. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's supposed to take your buddies house. It's funny because no one seems to want to talk. What was the, I can't remember the exact number, but I was watching the show. And they said Jeff Bezos lost 38 billion in his divorce. Right. Made it back in a month during the COVID. Of course. So, anyone who says it, there's not a wealth transfer involved with this. And I'm not saying intentional or conspiratory. I'm just saying massive opportunistic wealth transfer because people weren't thinking of the consequences of all this until it was too late. So, very interesting. I don't think Bezos is going to take all that money he made by crushing everything during COVID and and distribute it to all the people that lost their small businesses. Yeah. I'm going to use up that plan either. Oh, you were selling t-shirts in the government closed your little store. That's too bad. I sell t-shirts too. Yeah. You're so buying for me. Yeah. The world of the world. Yeah. No, it's good to be here. You know, and I'm actually finding here everywhere. Like I've been South Carolina as a North Carolina over the weekend. North Carolina is Democrats still. And they still have the mass laws or whatever regulations I should say. But I found I'm not the only one that wasn't wearing. And no one said shit. Walk in, high, boom, sit down. Do you think? Which is cool. It just tells me that a lot of citizens have had enough. Yeah. What you want to do? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. So I guess, you know, people ask all the time. And I know we avoid some of it. But people like, what's your opinion on all this? I guess my opinion. Sorry. I think it's my opinion more. No, I guess because I, you know, I don't like to talk about this stuff a lot. And I don't like to, I don't like to, you know, like I'm not an absolute artist, right? And I love statistics. I love looking at real data, you know, like, um, the only problem is there hasn't been a lot of real data supply. I've got to implement for all this bullshit. Exactly. That's exactly. That's the, you know, so basically my take is I definitely don't ever trust the government. I, I do not trust their intentions. I do not trust the people in it. I think it is completely loaded with horrific human beings and a lot of social pathic people love the power of being involved in government. And unfortunately, that's where rat. A lot of people in government also are super fearful of losing their position and they're all about the votes. So if they're getting calls and letters from people, of course, it's the the the loudest whiney-list, bitching, moaning people that send letters to politicians and make a big deal out of shit, right? Yeah. When they hear from them, they get the grease and everyone else gets fucked. So that's that's generally the gist of what I think is happened. And a lot like I said before, I don't believe in conspiracies. Most of the time, I think that incompetence on a mass scale is much more believable. Fear panic and absolute incompetence by the people in these positions is far more likely than conspiracies. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm definitely down with that fact. That's not even right. What what did he odds? What did he odds that that everyone involved is just real stupid and fucking scared or that they all are involved in a brilliant plan to, you know, come on. At some point you have to put look at the obvious. Now I look at always that's why it makes me laugh. I think we know what I was growing up as a kid and you're watching like gangster movies. I would have never guessed that the most gangster person that I would know when I was an adult would be Hillary Clinton. No question. She's the most powerful best there is like, that's pretty funny. Well, no you kill people and they still can't do anything. Yeah. Yeah. Because the most powerful gangsters are the ones who can smile and wave at the crowd and walk in front of the press and get it dored and loved by what we have all of you. No. Yeah. But it's still just roles forward. I think it would be kind of new. I was up the stage. Should I be in jail in two seconds? Yeah. You know. No. So, but no, are you, did you happen to see the list I sent you of the indie brothers we can? Well, first of all, how cool is it to have a show to talk about it? I show that people are going to. Yeah. Live. I know. So, we got to interview Hillary. We're going to be here. I'm not sure if no show is to talk about it. And no, I know there's a bunch of people probably missing off this list but we're just looking at the one off the Instagram and it's not complete because you said John Jewett isn't on it. Yeah. And there was actually some back and forth with Jewett and day-ballyers productions. So he is entered. I'm sure they're going to work it out whatever didn't get through or mail or whatever. So he's in. But yeah, they got the two 12 in the open posted that are at least in already. Now today is the official whatever will go up by the end of today is the actual sheet. Oh, kid, the final list. Yeah, of who's in. So assuming they're going to post that, but sometimes they forget to want to start. Well, let's talk about on the open here. Let's talk about the names we see. So the names on here just for you guys. We got Morgan asked that giant dude from Europe. Chris helped. That should just stop by the million being actor and like millions of dollars go ahead. He's fucking huge, man gets dude. And then we got blessing. Carlos Chapa. Now do you follow him on Instagram? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He looks great. Yeah, he was really good. Um, there's a few names I don't know in here. So I apologize for not following everybody. James Culver send you know him. You're not. I'm going to have to check him out. Camilla Diaz Mohammed El Amam. He's good for sure. I don't even know who he is. Yeah. He's coming from oxygen. No, I'm just he's just not going to take. We don't know. We don't know where he's coming from, but he could be coming from there. Seth Engman Roy Evans. Steven Fraser. I know him. Yep. Good to see him on stage again. Dorian Haywood. Um, he's on his best run ever. So he's still training at at arm brist. Yeah. Yeah. He works at his carer practice. Yep. Yeah. Justin Rodriguez, of course. Yep. Massive threat to win the show. For sure. Sean Smith, super free. We've talked about him. That he was nuts, nuts. And Dwayne Walker. Yep. Now, obviously Justin Rodriguez is named jumps out there. Yeah. Justin and blessing are the on paper. If you know people who's coming in. Now Justin is tried and true and then tested. Blessing where we're going to see. I'm always, this is what's funny. I know blessings of monsters human. But the one thing I've learned about body relays, you have to see people next to each other. Yeah. Now, one more thing about blessing hasn't he only done like a couple shows? Yeah. That's why I said I don't really know. I mean, he looks nuts. But you know about that. There's a double ed sword. And I know you know this is, you know, once you think in experience being an issue or being advantage because they just execute and roll through and don't think, like, yes, you know, it's just another show. Just another diet, no big deal. He seems he's so lighthearted that I have a hard time imagining much works him up. I don't see him stressing and not doing well other than the fact that I do not envy somebody who has that much pressure going into a show when before your battle tested. So I've seen the odd person where their pro debut is literally their fourth show. Mm-hmm. Ever. So I'm going to feel he's, yeah. And it's almost an advantage because like, you know, when you spend a long time at a certain level, knocking away trying to break through and then you break through the next level, it's like a big deal. Like, oh, can't go in a national's finally, you know, some guys do six regional's before they ever get a chance to go to national's, right? Yeah. So it's like a big deal that like, I'm going to national's and everyone around some is like, oh, you're finally going to nationals and it just becomes this giant thing. Yeah. Well, when you're just like boom, boom, boom, boom, it's like you're at the, you're at your first pro show and it's like, people are just getting used to the idea of you competing. Exactly. Even, you know, yeah, no one, you are, even like hundreds of broads and look at him, you know, no grand, it's a little different with his name. But he actually was first pro show to win. Mm-hmm. I had no one types of doing anything else and no one really expected to do anything else. And I think to a point, no one's going to be stunned if blessing wins. Um, but if I'm, you know, if I'm a badding man, my money's on Justin because it's tried and true and I know what he brings every year. Yeah. You know, yeah. Just the thing with Justin is you've got to, to the thing about blessing is we know he's got tons of muscle and he's getting to be in shape. That looks of it. But I haven't seen like a full round of mandatory photos. Right, no, no, no. I was just in, you can just Google them and you're like, oh, he looks good from all angles. He's got a beautiful shape, structure, small ways, you know, above all the bones of the right length, yada, yada. Right. So we'll see what happens. Yeah, look at what about the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, uh, to 12, uh, it's, uh, it's, you know, it's a pride. I mean, I should have this about both classes first is the, how few of the big name you do in the show? Yeah. Well, so there's New York pros, like the weekend after isn't it? Yeah. But for me, and I mean, I understand too that everyone's fine. It's so different. But like, if I'm doing the or for I'm doing this one too. Right. Right. Like I probably live in the West Coast. So I'm probably not going home. I'm gonna hit this one and hang out into your cheaper than I'm gonna go to Florida, New York. And uh, you're pro. But, yeah, so looking at this lineup, which I don't know enough of them to really wrap through the one who I'm looking really, really forward to seeing that my throw people off is just in Randall. I don't know if you watched him the last season or so or even know who that is. But he's a beast and he's like, five feet tall. Oh, okay. Okay. Literally, uh, just he was one of those guys. It was like in shows and doing them, you know, not long time. It's not like he's been around forever. But he had one of those meteoric jumps last year. And now I wouldn't be standing if he wins. Oh, okay. Awesome. It's a prime example for guy who are you where like, who? I'm like, oh, he might win the whole thing. You know, he's not. He's just he's like a Jose that's shorter. Well, this whole year off from COVID thing has, uh, it's funny. There's, you know, all these guys that got their pro cards, maybe, you know, 2019, 2018. And then COVID hit and everyone kind of forgot their name because they didn't get to compete. Right. But now this year, we're looking at least, listen, names. And like, I don't know how much of any of these guys have them in on stage for maybe two years almost. Yeah. And, you know, I mean, like, obviously, uh, Derek Olson's another one that's, I've seen his picks as of three, three and a week ago, uh, nuts. So, you know, he is definitely a possibility to win this thing as well. Um, if you, we just looked at him so if he'd been who hasn't seen him take a peek, uh, he's, he's a, he's a nutty one to. I think he qualified to Olympian made top 10 last year even. And, and of course, like you said, uh, you know, uh, John Jewish should be in there. Yeah. It needs to 12. So what do you think about John, Jewett in that class with that sort of conditioning? What is he actually going to weigh? I don't know what he will weigh, but I know that. Tard to tell from those pictures. Yeah. And, and you know what's crazy too is, I mean, I've never really known what John's had to weigh. Um, I assume, basically, it's height in the amount of muscle he has that he's at the top. Um, but he is peeled out of his head. I could be wrong. And I also know that John is one of the people who does this, the solid of constantly putting up pictures, which I love. Um, my question is, uh, when he fills back out, not that he's flat, but you know, everyone says they are, but I've got his quads. We isn't just crazy that used to be, but his conditioning is 100 times better. So I'm not sure what the overall look will be with everyone next to each other. And his legs were so good. It's not like you're talking about me and my legs come down and you're talking about a guy with insane legs who might be slightly smaller. I don't know. But the who knows maybe is more balanced with the conditioning is nasty. Well, plus his thing was always the side like, I mean, hamstring. It just, yeah, it really looks amazing. Oh, great. Now, I would love to see him winning it back just because he did so well. Do you limp in 19 and then 20 just didn't pan out for him? So I'm hoping that he gets himself right back in there again. How are you looking at that to New York pro? Everyone's talking about everyone's at people at the gym or like, what do you think? Bless your nick. And I'm like, there's a lot of other guys in that show, you know. Yeah, well, here's the funny thing. And I don't, I don't believe to say this. I, um, I would feel really confident with the just where I read as it was. Both of them. Right. You know, if somebody said me, you have to bet your money on one or three of them for the win, I would say just, right, um, you know, again, battle test. He always comes in. Yeah. You know, and not to say that they haven't, but he always does. And I know that for sure. So yeah, I don't, I'll be, I'll be curious to see. I, I appreciate what they've done to draw attention, but they're not in my head who's winning that show. I, I just jokingly was talking to another guy and, and Justin's name came up. This is when we were talking about the show that Hollings had won in England. Right. And, and Rodriguez's name came up and, and the guy was talking to goes, who's that? I don't know who that is. And I go, oh, he, he reminds me of Victor Martinez. And the guy goes, oh, okay. So top five and every show he does then. Exactly. And that is exactly what it is. So it's like always that threat. Oh, he kind of reminds me of Victor Martinez. Oh, wow. That, you know, he's happy in the mix. No. No. I'm happy. I'm happy that some shows come in, you know? I'm excited like, because that was unlike last year. I actually love looking back at the show too and seeing, you know, who came in, who did and, you know what I mean? And then we're going to see some guys that we aren't thinking of who spent the last year hidden. You know? Yeah, they kind of off. Yeah, they're some guys that have a post since COVID. They still been training the whole time. Yeah, you know. So that's the curious thing too. I think this year we're going to see everyone back, you know, versus last year. So we shall see. Okay. Okay. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Bodybuilding Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. He wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code advices, you directly support our podcast. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. So I got some good questions. I have a ton of questions and I want to find out how many of them are good while we're doing this. I'm going to find out how many of them are good. I specifically asked for good ones, so I'm hoping that they listen. So I had one here and I don't want to go back to conspiracies, but we go as a conspiracy question. And it had something I wanted to mention just so everyone else can like look it up if they need to. Mm-hmm. Or is it here? Well, it was, are there any conspiracy theories that you think are more likely to be true than others? We've kind of had similar questions in the past. But there was one that I wanted to mention that I want everyone to like just be aware of in case they have only heard one news channels version of it. But I've been carefully following for the whole year since last year. I've been carefully following the claim that COVID is possibly from a lab instead of from the wet market. Now, I've been following this topic closely because it was interesting to me because there's a guy that I really like named Brett Weinstein who's an evolutionary biologist. And he's not a crazy person. He's a very sane person. Right. He's like a university professor, a very sane person, pure scientist. And he's been saying, well, well, well, people, this isn't a crazy conspiracy. The problem was, is that Trump kind of backed the possibility of it being from a lab. And that made the media push against it as an insane, impossible concept that only a racist or et cetera, et cetera, fill in the gaps, right? Yes. So that's, yes. So the lab leak theory was was completely discarded by most of the media and a lot of sane people because they're like, oh, lots of racist ideas. Just Trump trying to be a dick. But that was just, you know, for those who hate Trump here, a clock in a broken clock is still right twice a day, right? Right. And so just because you hate Trump doesn't mean he was wrong about absolutely every single thing. Right. And he was just casually mentioning it. Like he probably doesn't even fucking know all the details, right? Yeah. But now that Trump's gone, there's the conversation around this concept is changing. And now the former head of the CDC has come out and said, the lab leak theory is actually very viable because of what we've learned about the virus now. And so when you listen to Brett Weinstein talk about how, when you look at the virus, it, it a lot of these variants that we're seeing, that should have already occurred in the virus's evolution. Right. But because it's now just exposed to freedom, we're seeing these mutations in variants happening. Right. And he said that that's one of the things that you don't see in something that's already been free already. Right. So it was pretty interesting. And Pleises talk about how the virus is constructed. If you look at it, there's like exactly this much bat, exactly this much, you know, all these different animal strains. And that's what they do in labs is they do this gain of function theory where they, they make the virus stronger. And then they see what happens. And then, you know, they're playing with this stuff. So the lab leak theory is is now being given a lot more support by some sane people that aren't screaming, you know, crazy stuff about it. And I listen into Brett and some of the scientists talk and some of the people that I've heard speak on the lab leak theory, it's actually sounds a lot more plausible. And a lot of people don't realize there's an institute of virology in Wuhan. So there happens to be a lab there that does experiments on coronavirus. Of course, there's one in Shanghai as well. And there's one in other cities. Well, like it's the only one. So there is also the coincidence factor. But it's there. So, and of course, this doesn't mean anything intentional. It's just a very, that's where people get throw. That's where they're mixed. They immediately think you mean intentional. That's not what that is just saying that. No, man. It's just, it works. Yeah, shit happens. And so it's a lot more plausible than me. And I definitely don't think it's a conspiracy theory anymore. I think it's a very valid theory that needs to be given credit. And we don't want to be stupid and discard something as important as that just because the wrong person liked it a year ago. Right. I think so funny about when things get discarded or whatever, I lack. It's like, it doesn't, the one thing is interesting is it doesn't change that it's here. So other than hopefully getting even more advanced for cautionary things and in place in these labs, other than that, which I can't imagine it could be much more precautionary than it is, but assuming there was an issue, it also doesn't matter. But that's the only thing that I always bounce back to is like, you know, those things are great and it's definitely interesting to know where somebody comes from and it probably helps the scientists figure out how to knock it down. But that's why it's important in this case. Yeah. I think you and I, it's just here for them, it matters because they can probably learn more get ahead of it. Yeah, the other, you know. So very possible. I'm sorry. What about you any conspiracy theories that you wish weren't called conspiracy theories? Not a ton because I don't really, you know, I don't get into that kind of stuff. I have a pretty term, like I pretty well know what I think about a lot of things and for it to become a conspiracy. Like even all the way down to like UFOs or you know what I mean or things like that. To me without too much thought, I think it's arrogant to assume where the only living things in the universe. But I don't think you have any further than that. I'm like, I'm sure there are. I don't know if there's been here, I'm sure there are. I'm actually like, I'm not surprised because I always wondered what would happen when this day would come. Right? I thought that when you know evidence of UFOs, for example, real, solid, acknowledged by the government evidence of UFOs happened. I thought it would change the world. I thought it would happen and everything would stop. You know, like you watched the movie where, you know, the news, news update comes across and obviously everybody's like, oh my god, they just confirmed, you know. And it's so bizarre how it actually happened. They released the release footage of F-18s chasing down, round lights that they can't catch that changed direction at 90 degree angles and vanish it. Right. Second. And hover above the water perfectly still and then take off at 500 miles an hour. Yeah. Or 5000 miles an hour with the fuck. They released footage of F-18 fighter pilots being unable to keep up and track these. And then the Pentagon releases more footage of more things doing crazy shit. And everyone just kind of goes, oh yeah. Well anyways, my restaurant's so closed right now. You know, I laugh because to me that is, I know this is a worldwide thing, but this is why I pick on Americans and myself included is like, if it doesn't affect me directly like, fuck it. Right. And I'm blowing away. Like, unless they're going to come here and buy pizza for my closed restaurant, right. Really good. Right. So yeah. I mean, and obviously some people are like, well, you know, just because the Pentagon acknowledged these unidentified flying objects doesn't mean they're from another, you know, they could be technology that we don't understand from another country. Well, they put it this way. If China has that technology, we're fucked. This is a, I prefer the option. I prefer aliens. I don't want another country to have this tech and have everyone else so oblivious. Yeah, that we don't even know that it could be anything. We're thinking UFOs is China. That's a problem. They're time traveling and altering the economy. Let's, yeah, they do. And he's driving over the helmet on. He's flying. Yeah. Yeah. Just, you know, human, no biggie. Yeah. I'm with you that, I don't want it to be something like, let's keep it safe. And it's the aliens. I'm just watching. They haven't stopped yet because they don't like what they see on the news. I think what they're seeing right now, I wouldn't stop it. I'm rolling here. Just get a water sample and leave for another thousand years. Why don't think like, the pace we're going at, I think they probably looking like, let's, we don't need to take over. They're going to fucking up themselves with some take-a-all's empty. Yeah, yeah. They're just going to come back when we're all fucked up. We're all dead. It'll be, that'll be a good time to jump in. As soon as we're all lighting campfires again, we'll see all the shit planned. All right, I'm going to, I'm going to start light. I wanted to go to my throat. Real quick. We've done, we've done Lablique Theory UFOs and anti lockdown rhetoric. And we're only 30 minutes in. Yeah, it's perfect. All right, I'm going to get anybody below. Let me get pausing. Okay. Hunter, Sergio, a team, and Brett, all at Chicago. Who's winning? We're in our own good-looking way, but go out. I assume they're all at their very best. Yes. I have to go a team. Me too. And that's just respect for the mass. Whoa, I mean, he's the biggest one. He's the top six at the end. Yeah. He's the, he's, yeah, I guess, got to go a team. There's just so much there. You know, I mean, you can look fucking amazing, but then you stand next to a team and you're like, oh, there's just, yeah. He finds me out that people don't, that the sport even can't put into understanding is, for example, you know, in Romney, first came. And it was the biggest thing anyone ever seen. He was dwarfing everyone. And all I remember was the day he stood next to Kai and looked normal. This thing's right, because everyone, I mean, because Kai looks like a gasp-posed, or a pro show. It's a similar thing like, and again, I'm not saying a team is to that extreme, but the point is, visually it changes. Like these guys are all phenomenal bodybuilders, but a team at his best, to, okay, conditioning is on what is missing. Yeah, half thing. Oh, you know, so yeah, I would go a team. I mean, I'm not afraid to go all the way down an order. It would be, to me, it's a team hunter, Sergio and then Brett. But if I was going to put those, you know, four in places assuming we were going to go on the show. Sergio and Hunter haven't been on stage together, they have to have a, no, no. I just think that, and you know why I say that, and I love Sergio's look, but Hunter is, for whatever reason, to me when he gets up next to guys, he's more dominant all by himself next to everyone else. Like he does look a little more out of place, even when Sergio wins, you know, he's kind of like the other guys. And I felt like Hunter when he was dead and that's on, you know, just he was pretty head and shoulders above, even against, and I know he wasn't dead and that's on, but you know, even against Ian, it seemed pretty drastic between the two. Then obviously you fast 40 Olympians, they flip flop. So we'll see, but everyone at their best, that would be my guess for sure. Okay. I got one for you. Weirdest situation where you got paid to be a bodybuilder. Like have you ever guessed pose that a bachelor at party or anything that turned out to be sort of weird? Ah, ha ha ha ha. That's a great question. I mean, the old, the weirdest thing that I've had offered that I didn't actually follow through on was I actually got offered in Scottsdale to, because I was in prep and I got off, I got offered paid to come to a party and just be there as someone who like hangs out by the pool and bring people in and out for rich like soccer mom. Right. But she want like to have a handful of like not just great for these crazy things. You know, she wanted to buy a human for the night. You know what I mean? And I just remember the only thing that was funny is everybody probably thinks I have like this pride issue. I should remember thinking, I don't want to say to people and I don't want to since weird. Right. You hear, she's paying me this. I don't know. I'm kind of the entertainment, but I'm not doing anything. Yeah. Well, it's like, if I was pretty, I would get it. I'm very, very happy. Wow. Kind of look here. Yeah, like I'm like am I going to wear a bag? Just walk around with a paper bag on your head, like the unknown comic. Remember him? Actually, really that that famous singer, the sea, or whatever, that keeps the hair down. But I was like, yeah, I think if I was like a really like good looking dude, I'm like, why the fucking model, duh, look at me. That's funny. When you're kind of average, you're kind of like, no, I want to do that. Yeah, you have to be an asshole, because I'd be like, oh, those rich bucks that literally they purchased me as a human. So yeah, but I think she's done it in cool. I'm actually more blown away like when you get to do, back in the day we used to have guest poses. That was exciting. Yeah, yeah, I know. Yeah, I actually got to guest pose at one point. I didn't feel like them. And we basically don't do that anymore. We want money for our time, shocking. Yeah. I have a funny one. I got a call once. This one I lived in Edmonton. And there's not a lot of filming that goes on there, but the odd commercial, the odd TV show, like for example, remember legends of the fall Brad Pitt. Course I remember, Greg is filming. I was filmed in Alberta and the Revenant with the Caprio. Yes, that was filmed in Alberta. So like, yeah, so like the odd big movie will come, right? Right. So I like New at Casing Agent Darren. He would call me once a while for commercial or whatever. And he called me once he's like, hey, I got this gig. It's short notice, but they're looking for a bodybuilder and I know you're dieting right now and they want you to like, you got to be ripped and have abs and they want you to be as big as possible. Right. Oh my God. Well, it was perfect timing. I looked fucking crazy. It was like three weeks out. Right. Because yeah, it's for some commercial. Right. I like all, okay. So I go down and I get there. And everyone there's really weird. Like they're super weird. Like I don't know how to explain it, but they're just like, you know, you just sort of take over. Everyone here has kind of got a bit of like an odd ball thing going on. Okay. No, it's normal. And then they start explaining the commercial. And it's for like this. This is like years ago, but it was for this, was like a marijuana substitute. Like it was like this dream herbs stuff that you smoke, but it was legal. But it wasn't pot. How do you go again serving your suit for a good? And she's like, yeah, I knew we need the big guy to do this. And then you're gonna like take a puff and then blah, blah. And they explained the concept of the ad to me. It was like kind of like an infomercial. Right. And I was like, I can't be a part of this. I don't smoke this stuff. Right. And it was at the point where I was no longer, and this just kind of happens. But I would've been sponsored by mutant for a while. Right. So I wasn't just an absolute unrecognizable face that could just do a commercial. Yeah, with no repercussions, possibly what you're doing. I was actually being paid to endorse mutant products by that point. Right. So I was like, well, I don't want to be like endorsing mutant products and endorsing gas. And then appear to be endorsing this, which I don't endorse. I don't endorse. Because it's just sort of like, I mean, it's different if you're just an actor who's just trying to get any commercial you want. You don't give a shit. It's going to pay rent. Yeah, you're like, well, in 20 years when I'm on the tonight show, we can play this commercial, and that'll be funny. Right. Yeah. It's like, well, it's kind of weird, because it'll seem like I'm actually endorsing it. Right. And I don't know. Maybe that was all on my head, but it just felt fucking weird. Because it was like kind of creepy too. Like, I want to meet where it's a little tie. Like, I was at like a party. Right. But no shit. Yeah, of course. And then I'm like smoke it and add this decorious dialogue. Right. Like, I was reading, I was reading the lines. And I was like, this isn't funny. This is fucking stupid. Like, so I finally, like, we took a little break. We were about to start filming. And I was like, yeah, you know what? I still feel comfortable doing this. I know like, what? And I was like, yeah, you know, because I didn't audition for or anything. Yeah. You just, what you were there for just now. Yeah. Yeah. Like they called me to like, we need a bodybuilder. And like I sent one photo and they're like, send them. Right. You know, so it's funny. If you didn't do. So I was, I was, I was, I have my cast in the casting. I called me like, what happened? I'm like, dude, that was a fucked up situation. And he just started laughing. He's like, oh, okay. Well, those happened. It's crazy. Those are the glad that you said that. Because I wish more people to understand that. The importance of that. I think a lot of people might think in their head. Like, well, that's dumb. You passed away money for no big deal. But I look at this huge because whether you were thinking this forward or not, you've chosen very carefully what you've branded yourself with. And that allows you to say, X, Y is good and you're following to believe you. J. Right. How's you said it? Like when you endorsed mutant, the assumption is it must be good. Even before you said it, because Ron wouldn't get with them if they weren't. You know what I mean? And I know I've had that as well. I just had it barely. I sent the owner of condemned labs a screenshot because you guys said, hey, I just ordered these two products from them purely because I needed new ones and you're with them. Yeah. Are they any good? Like, yeah, didn't look at them. You know what I mean? And that was funny was when I described the ingredients. He actually comes back from the shit, I ordered your him means separate. Didn't realize it was in there could have saved some money. So the point is like, if you endorse every company that wants to throw money at you, when you get to mutant or whatever, come being a future, people are like, I Ronald fucking endorse me, but it pays him. Right. You know? Yeah. Yeah, that's why commercials were always weird for me. Like I've done a bunch of them, but the ones that were easy to do were like, you know, where it wasn't any sort of like crossover in that way. Right. I like so. That'll be fun. You know, like I did a commercial for a demolition company. Right. And it was like, you know, you call guys and they come to your house and they fucking tear down your third bedroom and clean it out and you know, get in there to rebuild the, you know, rental the room, right? Right. And it was kind of a goofy commercial where they had like the cheap demo team. And it looked like a bunch of X cons, you know, with hammers and they're like smoking. And then it had their demo team and it was all these like calendar firemen that were like, you know, really clean. Yeah, clean wheel barrels and like nice tools and they were going to do a good job. They had plastic wrap up to protect your house. And I was want to like this this shitty guys. I had like a two gone and I had a big beard and I had a cigarette hanging out of my mouth and I had a shovel and I'm like, that was fucking hilarious to me because obviously I'm not myself. Right. That wasn't a bodybuilder. I was actually completely covered like a thug. Okay. That's just the fact that you were a big guy. Big guy, they wanted a 300 pound guy to beard. So there was. Right. And the other team was the shirtless fireman. Well, that's even better. You were not. That's because when you were saying I was like, oh, you were the, oh, no. Bad. You were like, I picked this one to like the ugly, rough looking dudes. Yeah, yeah, I even had like a bit of a black eye. They gave me some makeup. It was funny. And then they had these fire guys. And when the fire guy showed up, I had trained and died at two of them for shows. So they, they showed up and they're like, Ron, what are you doing? And I'm like, oh, I'm one of the fucking scrubs. And they're just laughing because they're all there. They're like shirtless and stuff. It was funny man. That's so it's because I wasn't a bodybuilder. If I would have been shirtless in that commercial and representing myself as a bodybuilder, it would have been, you know, maybe it would have been different to me. But because I wasn't. I know problem, you know. No, that's all we make sense. So okay, your turn. Okay, let's see here. Ah. Favorite short bodybuilder. Black, sleep, priest, Franco, Pugila, Pugila. How short is short? What was counting the broader? Okay. You got flex in there. He's freaking five six. So I've flexed Lewis is the best short bodybuilder in all of history. Right. So fast. Favorite. Right, favorite. So, um, so we're talking with physics. Favorite short bodybuilder. You got to say Sean Ray. He's in there too. I mean, come on now, that's one of the most amazing physics ever developed and the consistency of his career and how good he was and how he battled the big guys and, you know, whether or not you like Sean Ray is a person. You just look at all of his photos from the late 80 Olympia is all the way up till he retired and it's, it's hard to believe that you could keep a body that clean looking and injury free and, you know, just beautiful, round, strided muscle head to toe. Absolutely astonishing physique. I think Sean Ray is is just one of the most perfect physics ever and he has to be on the list of greatest short bodybuilders of all time. But I'd say flex Lewis is without a doubt the greatest. And, you know, everyone else is behind that. Danny Pidea was ahead of his time. Yep. The conditioning that that guy brought. Those guys died at hard man. If you ever listen to Danny talk about how he got that shredded for like the early 80s, hmm, they're dieting on like they're doing 1000 calorie days man. Right. Like they're not fucking around. They're just like at all costs. But I think it's fun that has become right around the time that the whole macro crazy started happening and the idea that no, you don't have to, you don't have to be so crazy with your diets, you get in shape and people aren't getting in the shape they used to be in. People will say like, well, I load a package going in prep on what you slow as they have to. Yeah, I've done lots of 2000 calorie days. I've never, I've never even bothered to add it up. But I know I do laugh because I have clients even, they will say like, you know, I mean, I got to go to just this week is a cab. I could definitely tell I'm, I'm getting a little tired. And he's new. So I'm picking on him because I'm getting a little tired from the diet and this night and we're actually he can be fat enough. I'm getting a lean to start the off season. Right. Hold on, I said, listen, no disrespect. No, you're feeding off of fat. You're fine. Like you're counting, you're bringing 400 grams of carbs right now. It's just not all junk you were having before. I'm like, man, I go 50 grams of carbs for a month and don't think about it. Yeah, you know, so yeah, as far as me and that department, I would go, I'm always loved the freaks of size and in nasty probably because it lines up with what I try to emulate. So my answer is easy. So that is because it just doesn't get much freaky or plus. I just love to Jose's. That's ultra short. Yeah. Yeah. That's another category. I want to call him short. I want to call him vertically challenged. He he he's he's a fantastic one to add to the conversation. Because when when people ask me who's a great bodybuilder, I'm not that impressed if you were amazing once. Right. I'm not that impressed if you were a great pro for three years. It's awesome. Like it's amazing, but it's there's something about longevity and repeated winning and repeated dominance over and over and over and over and over and over and over. Like you know what I mean? And so when you when you say that, I mean, then you know, obviously, Jose is like, fuck, he's one of the top guys of the on the list if you want to talk about the career. Well, here's what's funny too that I think a lot of people don't realize. It's funny to me because the sport moves so quickly. There are guys that are into it now that don't realize who he is or who he was because he didn't push social media and stuff. But according to today's standards, Jose would have turned pro eight times. Yeah. And the only reason that was a different place. Well, and what he used to do, what's funny is, so Jose won and I want to be caught on the classes, but I want to say lightweight on up. Like what do you say? Then goes and wins it nationals. Then comes back to the USA's the following year goes up a class wins. Goes to nationals wins goes back to following year to USA's goes up a class wins. Like that's what he was doing because there was nowhere for him to go because they only had open bodybuilding. He had no intention of ever taking his pro-court. Those two shows were his shows that he was competing in every year and what's crazy. I just pulled it up because I wanted to be able to list it because a lot of people don't understand this. So Jose, when he finally accepts a pro car because the two 12, he's still natural. Yeah. He's one of the sound and a lot of people didn't believe that, of course, right? So this is what's crazy. He did the New York pro in May of 2009. At 100, let's see what it says here. Three month transformation, 184 pounds at the New York pro in late 09 to 202 pounds instead of 10 1st of 09. Because he went on. That's for the gas hit in three months. He's like, oh, this is how this is done at this level. In the pictures on his page, it's, and what's funny, he was already great. But just yeah, he's already a pro. Yeah, I mean, yeah, and he'd already won so many things. So I always love that. Plus, you know, I also love just, had he done social media the way I wish he would have. More people would realize like the comments. Just have to you remember when he did the bearded lady routine at the press conference? I just remember thinking only Jose thinks of it that quick. You know, he's like at the end of the day, it's like the circus. Everyone comes to see the freak and I'm the bearded lady. That's that. His best quote. His best quote. There's there's endless ones, but yeah, so that would he would definitely be my favorite. And when I wish that more guys that are young now would realize like, even now he's back training the other day, watching he's back on the incline and bench doing a drop set, starting at 4.5, like six reps, 230 pounds in fine. How old is he? 46? Yeah. Oh, I know. It's funny now. I know what 45 feels like. Right. And it feels great. Don't get me wrong. But there's just things you're like, there's certain joints that have had enough. There's still good. I could still use them. You know, I can still 12 rep to failure and train fucking hard, but I'm not going to have five rep to failure with those joints anymore. Yeah, I was saying like, I actually, I, because I don't, you know me, like, it's very rare that I comments on things and it was a story. And I literally text him, I'm like, you're back. And he said back, I'll hear you respond with you because I don't even know one speed. I don't know one step back. I'm like, too. That's true. That's bad. Val, you're up. What do you think constitutes a good leader? Hmm. Geez, this is this could be an endless one. But the simple stuff for me, the first step to being a good leader is leading by example. So I don't consider a leader to be the one that points to work. You know what I mean? So I find that in, I, why I think leader to be at this point in life, I think sports and business. Um, everything, the shit falls from the top, meaning when, like, for example, when I own my retail stores, everyone knew that like I had an example, which was if the floor ever needs to be cleaned, we're in trouble, meaning cleaning every fucking day. But that's how I live, it's what I did and such what happens when I had sold it. My friend Lance is very laks with stuff like that. My same employees, bathrooms got dirty. I remember I told him one day, I would fire you if you worked for me. You own the stores now. Like, you know what I mean? So I'm, that's the first step. I'd go on for hours. But one of the biggest one is leading by example because people mimic what you do not what you say. Yeah. Yeah. Very true. I think, um, in, in my, you know, I mean, anyone can just Google a list of what makes a great leader and there's, you know, a bunch of stuff that makes a great leader. But I think when I think of people that I have thought for great leaders is, um, they, they showed gratitude first of all, right? Because I always found the people that that would, you know, show gratitude to not only their staff, but their customers, the people around them, just there's a different vibe about being part of that, uh, type of, you know, I'm taking business or whatever. Of course. You know, so showing gratitude to big thing, um, you know, the ability to delegate is really important. Obviously, can't do anything, everything yourself. Some people can't let go of the reins and then they just wind up micromanaging everything. And that's, that's difficult. So I've worked for people that couldn't allow their staff to just work. Yeah. But meanwhile, they selected their staff with the assumption that they would do their job and they don't want to do it. Yeah. And that's hard. I can say too though, and you know this, because you do it, it is hard to do. Because you have to allow them to do it and you have to give them enough rope to hang themselves if it happens. Yeah. I remember, I remember one time working at one of the clubs as at, you know, the really busy night. We had a new bartender on and he'd worked like day shift. But he hadn't done a busy night yet. And I remember my boss was like, well, you know, he knows how to do the job because he's worked here during the day. Right. He knows how everything, he knows how to do everything. But there's only one way to work Friday and Saturday nights. You just trial by fire. You just let him. Well, just see how he is Sunday morning. We'll see if he still alive. Equipped. Right. But but that guy like stepped up, you know, Friday night he was like, holy fuck. And Saturday night he was like, I can't believe I made it. And then the next weekend is a grizzled veteran. And then I love that like when I think of those opportunities, this is in really leadership. I just reminded me of like I think of the the first time the line loop you played at the garden or not the garden knowing in Boston. I'm sorry. He very first game as a professional first shift fight. Yeah. He's like, this is what I'm here to do. You know what I mean? And I love that shit. And I know where I'm going to badge, but you will say he's so up to it. She part whatever. But I just remember looking back at that and being like 18 years old day one. That you know what I mean? Like you said, trial by fire and he's like, I'm going to fight now. Because this is what I do. Like you know what I mean? I was going to find out if I can hang at this level. You know what I mean? Yeah. I also remember I think in Boston the crowd was like, so we like this kid. Well, he's given them what they paid for. Yeah, exactly. You know, one of the one of the traits that if you do like a search on good leadership or whatever, one of the traits that comes up all the time is good leaders and Gary V says this too. Good leaders are people that are always working on themselves. Like if you're not doing any personal development, if you're just standing still, you can't expect everyone in your underneath you to move up. Right. You have to always be moving up in some way too, whether you're trying to get better with how you manage your time or better with how you, even if it's making sure your personal time is used in a way that makes you a positive person to be around on work hours. Trying to develop yourself. As soon as you stop everything else below you notices. Yeah, and also be able to see talent. You know, like when I worked at the supplement store, I got a job there working for nothing. And it wasn't until the business sold that that I'd like I was like the low man on total within a month of the new owner I was the guy. He was like, okay, you get this. You know what I mean? And it kind of went full circle almost immediately because he noticed I fit what he needed, which made him a good leader. Because he came in. It was funny. I learned a ton of my priorities, probably one of my best mentors. But for the first two or three weeks, he didn't even come this door and say and do nothing. Just watch. Right. How the business ran already before he made any alterations? And even let us do things that he probably thought I was a work terrible. But he's let it go. I'm going to watch this role. You know what I mean? Until. Which is also why low man on total goal became the GM because he watched and he's like, oh, but the new kids actually the best employee I have. So you know what I mean? Right. There was no up pre. So I guess I just slide over now because of course I'm stuck on these. Ever since people have realized I did hockey, I did a lot of hockey questions now. Oh, excellent. But you can hang on this one. This one I know. The greatest moment in professional hockey ever. The retirement of Wayne Gretzky was a moment that I'll never forget as a Canadian. Right. Yeah. The official like ceremony where they had him come back to Edmonton. Right. Right. Like I'm he retired as a Ranger. Right. He gave his wave played his last game as a New York Ranger. It was all great. But then they brought him back to Edmonton. And they hung his jersey up in his banner up in the Edmonton Coliseum. And you know, and do you remember who Joey Moss was? Yeah. Of course. Yeah. So Joey Moss just died. You did not know that. Yeah. He was in. I believe he was in his 50s or 40s. But 50s maybe. But Joey Moss just passed away. For those of you who don't know, back in the 80s when Wayne Gretzky was winning all the cups with the Eminton Oilers. The Eminton Oilers had a man named Joey Moss who had the time was just a kid. And he had Down syndrome. And Joey Moss was the stick guy, the stick boy for the oilers. Yeah. And he would take care of all the sticks. You know. And, you know, he stayed with the oilers for like 35 or like, I don't know how many years he was a stick after the oilers. But he stayed there. Yeah. And yeah, for ages and ages, he was there for ages. Anyways, Gretzky and Joey did a whole bunch of like awareness campaigns and stuff. You know, because Joey had Downs. Yeah. And sort of this sportsmanship campaign. They did. I can't remember the details. But so he was kind of famous. But anyways, they brought Joey out and Joey raised the banner. That's awesome. I remember that. Yeah. They just got a tire his jersey for everything. They were tired his number for the whole week. Yeah. No one can't remember that. You can't be that. Like, that's another level. It's like, no, no one. You know, what you need to jersey. You got a lot of team numbers. Yeah. Yeah. So, so that was awesome. But um, personally, I also had, I think, as far as like being had, just so stoked for a guy was I was a huge Bruins fan. Mm-hmm. So I was a Ray Bork fan. Right. And when Ray Bork went to Colorado and won that fucking Cup of Sackick. Right. That was awesome. I remember just being like so happy when they won. And I remember they called Joey out because he's a captain to get to get to get to get to the captain, right? Yeah. And he and he's like, I've already raised this cup. Right. He's like just someone here who hasn't. Right. He's been here for 23 years. Yeah. Kind of a burned situation. Yeah. So Joe took the cup, gave it to Ray, and then Ray skater took the first skate with it. Right. That was awesome. And then, you know, those moments are for me, huge moments. I also think, uh, to me as a Canadian, I don't know if it counts as professional hockey because it was Olympic. Right. Sydney, Crossby's Golden Goal in 2010 to beat the US team in over time for the gold medal. That was probably like the loudest goal in Canadian history. Yeah. Because literally, if you had your window to your house open, you heard the whole city go wherever you lived. Yeah. In every city. It was good. Yeah. Yeah. We were watching the Olympics and we were living in I was living in townhouse at the time, right? So I had neighbors in a complex and we're watching any scored. It was like, I think it was like noon. Right. And we're so sitting in bed at noon, like watching the game, and he scored the win the gold medal. I can't remember where the Olympics was. To always invent Kooper in 2010. Yeah. Yeah. So it's here in Vancouver. But you just heard the, an amitani just heard like all my neighbors, like the whole neighborhood just got stuck. Like you all were happy because like, Holy shit. Yeah. Like neighbors are screaming like everyone is screaming. Yeah. That was it. We now know that we are all wanting to be the same thing. Yeah. So those are just a few that come to mind. But I mean, there's, it depends on who your team is, right? Well, I like to, you went with the personal because that's the funny is. So I think that one of the most like iconic is of course, uh, Bobby Ores, the goal. Cooper in the goal exactly literally, the goal. Yeah. Most famous photo, most famous hockey photo ever taken. Yeah. I mean, that for sure is the moment I think. For, but I, but just like you like for me, um, when Steve Eisenman won game six on like I don't trip over time or whatever against St. Louis to go to the Stanley Cup finals with it with a shot from the Frick and Blue line just to rock it. I remember that game because it was like the first time where essentially, you know, pushing an adult at that point, I remember almost feeling like I was emotional on the win like I was there. I was like, oh, he's like, you guys happening. I'm like, I have nothing to do with this game. This is really impacting my life right now. You know, so it's, it's funny. And I have he's like the guy if you're a Detroit guy. Yeah, personally. Yeah, even if you're a Canadian Olympic guy, Steve, why was the big part of the Canadian Olympic history? Yeah, gold medals and he coached the team at one point, you know, like, but that's amazing. That was one of another question that I had was someone asked me because, you know, obviously he's Detroit guy when he went down to Florida in the lightning, obviously won a cup with him. And now he's back in the office as Detroit and they're like, isn't it only a matter of time? And my answer is of course, because he's a winner. Yeah, he's a winner too. Like they went, you know what I mean? Yep. Yeah, that's 100% true. That was a great question. Yeah, I loved it. I saw that I was like, oh, I held it because of the first question. I needed a minute to get ready. So my answers were reliable. I'll it. But see, that just, this would be a real issue. But there's nothing about being in the US like hockey with Canada. Like you're not an obsessive hockey guy, but you're going to rad them off because by default, you are part of like culture growing up. Yeah, you know as much about hockey is a lot of Americans who think they know hockey, don't know. Right. You know, yeah, just default growing up, you know, hockey night in Canada on TV. Don't you know, I was part of it. Part of it. It's part of it. Yeah, yeah, you bet man. Rock them sock them 13 and you're stalking for Christmas. And then next year, Rock them sock them 14. And you know what you want for the following year. And it's following up with that. Rock them sock them 15. Yeah, you know what you do, Dad. You know what you do, I mean, Santa. What a great way to just guarantee sales every year. Yep. Release the the the rock them sock them at Christmas time and just I got them every year. Hands away for the money to roll in. Yep, no, just more kids now will make more money. It's fun. Yeah, yeah. Now fighting in hockey is on cool. You saw my ranta. But I would tell like, you know, you know, like, something will knock you in a direction. I went down a rabbit hole. And I took Tommy with me. And I didn't know it because he doesn't sleep either. So he saw my post. And then next thing, you know, he's literally sending me quotes from other sports that were like, from hardcore days. You know what I mean? Uh, I was dying because I had so many people that told me I'm just about talking about about because I was watching. So I have the NHL centerized package or whatever it's called. So every night I watch every game in a five minute review. And the very first in the puck drops and they all here we go. And they look and they show two guys drop the gloves. And then they skip it. I'm like, what happened? I literally thought something happened in my computer show. I went back. I'm like, are my phone. I clicked backwards to watch it again. I was like, oh, let's skip. But they just don't show it. Right. I got the rumble out. Yeah. I was like, so then I end up down the rabbit hoax and I go online. So I'm looking at old fights. And I'm like three hours later. I'm like, well, I should probably try to sleep. Yeah. You're watching, uh, you're watching, uh, the semincal highlights from the 80s. So what's funny? So it's over. But tell me, it's not the time. It's been to me. I have to read this for a quick. So maybe laugh. He goes, he goes, the old days were a different time and it were different man. And he sends me this Pete Rose quote. It says, I'd walk through hell in a gasoline suit to play baseball. That was like, you don't think people say that anymore. That's funny. And if you knew Pete Rose, you're like, yes, you would. Yeah. Yes, you fucking would. That's funny. I remember I dated a girl once and her mom hated hockey. She would buy it. Oh, it's unprofessional boxing. That's all it is. There's just a bunch of violent, maniac animals. I'll touch you to talk about hockey. That's painful. And I remember just being like, oh, God, I can't stand you. So fun. You can throw out the country. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why are you deported? She talks to you about the sport in hockey. Totally. What's yours? What do you got here? Number question. Well, I had someone ask me if I, if I didn't open the gym, what business would I start? I'm curious. Well, if it, I mean, the gym is the only business I can think of that I had like the passion to give into. You know what I mean? Because of the, obviously, I loved the gym. So, you know, like, for example, if you have something else, you really love. But you know, it doesn't make any money. But the gym's one thing where most people tell you most gyms fail. Like, yeah, but some don't. So there's a chance. Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a chance. It can make some money at this, possibly down the road. Okay, I'm in. But, you know, let's say my other passion is, oh, I don't know, these silly bikes. Yeah, that's a tough market. Bro, you're going to open a flat land BMX brick and mortar store. Yeah, that's, I'm always amazed. No, it's like that. That's an online, that's an online shop and it's already done. Don't try to fuck with them. Yeah. Yeah, and it's like, you know, guys that have been in the industry for 30 years and have the loyalty of every single other person that shop off them. Yeah, exactly. Not random x-bodies. So yeah, yeah, so if I was going to do another business, it wouldn't be a passion project. It would be pure money. Right. I'd look at where's the highest profit margin and the lowest entry barriers. And you start looking for something that's four sale in the area, possibly. You never know you might get someone trying to get out so they can liquidate for a divorce or something. Never know when you get a good deal on a business. That's already up and right. Yeah. And then some businesses, you don't want to buy a one. You just want to start one. Oh, for sure. I would never open a gym, I'd buy a gym. Right. So there's just all these different, you know, things, but it would be purely money and profit. And it would be all numbers. And I would not give a fuck about what I was fucking selling. It could be fucking this little, fucking scented oil vaporizer thing that my girlfriend has to make the room smell pretty. I wouldn't give a fuck. It would be pure money. I love that because here's what's interesting. Those are some of us. A passion that I have is buying something for it all and selling it for two. But they got that to passion and the fucking money. That's it. But I mean, because you are providing a service for someone, this particular spoon that I'm selling for yours, but I bought for one as a value. You know what I mean? But I totally feel like I do tell people by default because I just, I don't know why very lot of people ask questions like, I had a guy who literally just said to me, how do I make more money? And I'm like, yeah, so really broad questions. I was like, do you have any questions? I can't believe it. Yeah, that's the first question. Yeah, that's the first question. Do you have any passions? Because there might be a passion you can properly exploit. I mean, share with everyone else to make a buck. You know, it's a possible. Remember, it's like, you know, I think the one thing that throws people off when you think of a business is even though we're saying, you know, make money. You can be extremely happy, make it 40 grand a year to do something you love. I don't, I couldn't, but I know a lot of people could. Well, maybe you have something else that maybe you have something else that makes you 60 grand. Yeah. So the, the, the, the fun business that you super love that only makes you 40, it's still worth it because you just love the fact that you get to give people that service and you're the best at it and you love your thing. But you have enough money coming in. Even if it only makes fucking 20 grand, if it's still worth it to have it, it's going to be your favorite. Yeah. Well, most of all these costless money. So you find one that makes you one. That's a, yeah. When, you know, to be. Yeah, yeah. You know, you got to start with your passions. So you go, what will get me out of bed? Yeah. Well, I love, you know, what will keep you working after work? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You know, like I was up. Yeah, we have these people like this guy who tells us to me and I'm like, and he literally, the reason he asked me said, I have no extra money. But then when I tried to get some conversation on what he could do, it was nothing. And I, I'm like, well, then you're fucked. I don't know what to say because you come, everyone gets their day over and, you know, we know you're wrong. You have kids, you don't have kids. Whatever your response glues are. But there is some point where it ends and you have a choice of what to do with the time. And you can either become an expert, make some money, go sleep, watch TV. What do you want to do? But yeah, a lot of people fall immediately to the victim. And I mean, I have a hard time watching shows because I have too much shit going on. Right. I know you mean. Yeah, it's a weird fact because I wanted to help. And I still do, I haven't heard how, but it's like getting someone to understand, like, if your answer is just, oh, what then you fucked. I'm just trying to guide you. I can't hand it to you if there is an easy way to make money. I'm going to do it. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of interesting stuff. Like, for example, you know, as far as like passion and work and paying other people to do stuff, I don't know if you saw a man'sogram, but I got some new bike parts this week. I did. And I built my front wheel. I had to take the hub out and replace the hub so I had to take all the spokes out, you know, take the tire off, take all the spokes out, take the wheel apart, take the new hub, lace all the spokes into it, lace it all into the wheel. And then I had to true the wheel where you spin it and tighten the spokes until it actually goes straight because when you first put it on, it's kind of wall wall wall wall wall wall. And you get it all the even and then you take it off, put the tire on it, true it again, you know, like, and I learned it off from a YouTube video. I just said, well, can't be that hard. It's just all these parts and there's threads and things screw in each other. It's got to be like building Lego for adults. I'm sure I can build a wheel. So I just follow the YouTube video and just and then I watched a second video on how to true the wheel. You know, so it goes dead straight when you spin it. And I just took my time and did it. And the next day Emily's like, how late were you up last night? And I went to bed around two and she's like, you worked on that. You started working on that wheel at 11. When I get, it took about three hours to build it and true it and get it perfect. Right. And she's like, could you have paid someone to do that? And I'm like, yeah, I could have, but it was actually fun. Like I enjoyed it. Right. Like learning a skill. And now when I look at that wheel, I'm like, fuck, I built that. We all know how to do that. That's cool. I can do that. Right. Because I was found that to be like, for most people, it doesn't matter what type of bike you ride mountain bike, whatever the fuck, lacing a wheel is like a really intimidating thing. Like most guys don't do it. They're like, oh, lacing wheels. That's the bike shop. Right. I can easily. Like, oh, it's 50 bucks at a bike shop. Fuck that. Get them to build it. Right. But for some reason, I really wanted to. So it's kind of interesting. So if you have passion for something, you know, the old saying, it doesn't seem like work. It was fun. I found the whole thing fun. I totally get that. That's that's fun. It's it's I also find an interesting because you can see. I've I've friends with the kids when they've grown, but it's funny. I watched one of the guy who showed my store that watched his his twins when they're kids, and it was so funny at one point. His son was, I don't know, one and a half, right? And he was opening a cupboard door, but he was looking and because he wanted to just like, you'd really realize he was trying to figure out how it was opening. Right. He's watching the hinge. Yeah, and he's watching them come to the outside. And I literally became home and I'm like, do I don't know what he's going to do? But it's it's going to be something because I've never seen a. If I could, I'd like, why I'm slam walk who gives a fuck is already. He's already starting his engineering degree. He was literally analyzing how it was working. I'm like, you have don't care and never did by the time he's, by the time he's eight, he's going to be in a serial one morning and he's going to go look up and he's going to go, you know, dad, I think I can do a better hinge. That's what's funny. I mean, that's it. That's what I did. That's what I told him. I don't know how he's going to change the world, but I can't wait till he does. And if I go, they're not on the investment. I would really appreciate that. Yeah. What was that question, Eva? It was what business would you have? Yeah. And I mean, for me, I couldn't even possibly answer because it is, you know, this is true. Now that you're in business and people know your successful like them, opportunity to kind of come. Yeah, been offered a lot of things. Here, would you look at this? Would you look at that? Would you look at this? Would you look at that? Yeah. Yeah. So that's the same with finances in general. Like, once you kind of prove in yourself, things pop up. So it's a little different from me now. Like, I literally, I look at every opportunity and see. And sometimes it's just the money needs to exercise. And sometimes I might need to, you know, right? So definitely fun. Definitely fun. Okay. Your turn, buddy. You know what, though? I'm going to take a bathroom break. You and you. Because I got this new look at my West Coast jug. This big fucking thing. I do like it. Oh, by the way, I'm out of town. But I was told that package came to me from West Coast. Package may have, you may have mail. I'm very excited to see this. You know, that, that piss was so big that I actually thought, hey, you know, one liter is 2.2 pounds. I don't know why that number came into my head. But it did. Why are you laughing while I'm gone? What's been going on? Because you leave in like a typical person of this day and age, I had to entertain my mind while you were gone. I can't just sit here like a normal person. And I happened to pull up J.P.'s stories. And I have to bring this up because it drives me nuts. I'm annoyed as you know, once I'm annoyed by something, it's fucking earthshattering. By the bands that people choose to use on a reverse hack. Oh, yeah. It drives me crazy. Right. Because they're not quite the right setup. Yeah. They're way too tight, way too powerful. Like there's, there's a friend of mine. I don't think throw that out there. It's a girl that changed my gym who hasn't gathered the fact that she is using the green ban that's this thick. Might have something to do with the six plates aside on the hack. Right. So anyways, happened to just glance while you're gone and Jordan put the stories as I'm quite fond of the idea of simulation theory. I certainly don't dismiss it. Whoops, that's not the one I want to shit. Run one. One day soon, the reserve band that's being used to lift too much on the hack. And then you parentheses and not for its intended purposes of a just new resistance profile on the left is going to snap. And I'm going to enjoy watching that video. I just read that of like, yeah. Yeah. So let's talk about resistance profiles quickly. So here's the rule. If you have whatever weight you have on the hack squad, whatever weight you have on there be at four plates, five plates, six plates, whatever. It should weigh 100% of its weight for at least half the rep. That's a safe. Yeah, even a third, even a third, the top third of the rep. Totally deloted. Or sorry, totally loaded. That band should be nothing should be like a loose guitar string where it's like kind of got some sag or your pull it and it goes. Blood a little like yeah, you can easily nothing. It's not until like a third of the way down like your knees are already bent like that much. Right before the band is even like aware it's loaded. And then now it's stretching a bit and now it's actually pulling right. And then as you drive out of the hack, it does it out totally slack. No, is it now it's full load. Right. Right. So if the band is still tight at the top and deloting, it's too much bad. Yeah, it just, it's, it's funny because I understand it doesn't matter. But the reason it matters to me is because you're actually not, it's, I'm not concerned with how much weight you're using. It's not doing its job. Right. The jobs of flat in the strength curve. Exactly. And, and it's funny, you know, I, and being, and I'm going to bring this up because we don't have a chance for the weekend. But I learned it from Luke. Because it was something that he and I discussed because I, I had asked him about it because I'm like, why do you use a fucking band? Like, you're a strong or stronger than I am. And I don't do this fucking band. And he was like, no, it's, it's not for that. He goes, there's a little point in the body. He goes, where I swear, there's no muscle involvement. It's my joint. It's my knee. It's taking all of that weight for just a split second. He goes, and once I put that band on there, that really light band, I take away that point. I have no knee pain at all. All right. I thought to myself, I was like, you know what? I'm gonna try it because I don't have knee pain now. But I'm a big believer in how you never have knee pain stay ahead of it. It's a fucking, I'm gonna throw it throw it one on. I tried it and I immediately said two things. One, yes, my knee feels better. Two, one of these plates isn't really there in my mind anymore. Because at the hardest point for me, I feel like it actually pulls a 45-plan plate off, even the smallest one. So when people say, oh, you did 11 plates a time, wait, what time? Yeah, why off the bottom of the wrap? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you're wrong. Like, I'm very, I can do exactly what I'm doing. But I would lose a wrap if I didn't have the band. A good test for everyone is put your band on and then drop the sled. That would, yeah. Right. So when we put our band on for hacks, we dropped the sled. It goes right to the bottom. Right. And the sled weighs about a hundred pounds. So we know that the band doesn't de-load a hundred pounds off the bottom. It de-loads less than a hundred. At this strong, we pointed the band. Yeah. And then you grab the sled and pull and it's pretty light to get it to lift. And then obviously it immediately starts getting heavier. And then by about halfway up the sled's about a hundred pounds again, we got a racket. So, but yeah, imagine some of the bands these people have, they could unlock the hack and drop it and it wouldn't hit the bottom. That wouldn't move. Wouldn't even go past the stopper. Because I saw I had a meal with her packs. So the girl and I could say this because she wants me to show it and I'll pick it on her. It does it. Not only does she use the big band, but she actually wraps it around where the weight go. So it goes from the weight to the top around the back to the other hole of the weight. Right. So it's really, really, really. It's already just pulled the shit. I'm like, to get it down, I think I have to pull it down. Right. There's no weight. I think I have to physically use my body weight to bring the weight to the bottom of the line. Yeah. I have like, it's not point because so this you'll love this and you know, let this go because I've wanted now. So the other day we're training up here in South Carolina and I said, we weren't using a band. My knee was bugging me and I'm like, this is just not have a band. And they were like, I don't know, it's look. So they were the front desk and they had one. They brought it out and it was, it was almost last like I said, I'm gonna put it on. I'm like, I'm gonna put it on the, to where if it breaks, it hits me in the arm. I'm gonna keep my hands up the whole time. So they're like, okay. So I did my set. It worked. One of my training brothers, he went for it broke during his set. Literally, doesn't happen. But he was strong to finish the set. Right. Still within the wreck range I wanted him in. I'm like, see, that's how that's the right band. Right. He still was in wreck range and he missed it broke like third rap. So he had to bust out nine more rap son of his own. Got him. You know, I'm like, and I told him because they don't use him. I'm like, buy another band because you guys should be using this for longevity. And I'd like to use it anyways. But that's the right way. If you're adding plates because you have a band. Right. No. No, I agree. Sorry, that was my moment while you were away. Okay. Is it my turn now? Yes, because I went on a rampage. I'm a rampage. Someone's asking, remember last week we talked about plastics? Yes. Yeah. So did you watch that Joe Rogan clip? I think I sent it to you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Pretty fascinating. Make sure think. So this guy says, hey, do you are you avoiding all plastics? Or are you just avoiding microwaving a plastic? And I have to admit, I'm not avoiding all plastics. I do put an effort in. But like, for example, this jug is plastic, but I would never heat it like it's obviously it's got the correct number on the bottom for, you know, the stuff you're supposed to be able to drink out of. But I never microwave plastic ever. Just so people know, I'm very big on that. I really, really, obviously if I was in a pinch and I had no food at a meal and I would, you know, heat it up a bit, but I really try to avoid that. I haven't microwave plastic in my house for probably 15 years. Yeah. I used to not care. And to be honest with you, can't even bullshit. I don't now, but it's because I'm at home all the time now. So I've come heating my food on plates and things. Yeah. So yeah, that's the real reason. But now with the amount of information I have, like, if I was traveling and planning on using liquids, I just glass containers now. Yeah. I definitely put in the effort. And it was cool because that mutant came up with a stainless steel shaker. Right. And they have, like, a regular size stainless steel shaker. Yeah. So for people that are sensitive or, you know, worry about that, there's options, you know, so a lot of companies are doing that now. For sure. That's it. That's it. I like the people who watch that and then they get to thinking is, like I said, especially after you said that over, I was like, we've had multiple conversations with people who don't watch the show about it. I'm like, I've heard about the disappearing functioning where I mean plastics. If we want to have a, you know, human race, we should probably use up on this shit. It's pretty frightening, no way. Oh, it is. That's why it's funny because when you, when I mean I'm joking when I say that, but it's like, that's actually a literal progression taking place. And I can't help but I think it's because I'm an old angry man now to see that correlation between our earlier conversations of what athletes and sports used to be. And now everything's getting so soft. It's like, right, it's on accident. Some of it's like, you're like, oh, yeah, it's all society's getting soft. And then you actually look and the test out from profiles dropping. Yeah, you're like, oh, yeah. Okay, my bad. Yeah, directly linked. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I need to do something to do with it, you know? That's that's one of the big kicks. And I don't want to go off on this nonsense about this stupid, all the stupid conversation about toxic masculinity. You know, I run a lot of that phrase to me is just so laughable. Anyone who says the phrase toxic masculinity to me, they're completely oblivious about how man even survived long enough to get here. We're going to go to fucking Mars. We're going to put a human on Mars soon. We've already fucking been there with robots. Right. The way that society progressed that far was to be aggressively progressive. Right. And the only reason why any women and children survived was because the men around them killed everything to protect them. Right. Yes. Oh, what, 100,000 years? Yeah, it found ways to kill things that were stronger than them, faster than them. Man or men are horrible in violent. Yes. And every woman and child ideally should have a violent man in their life to protect them. When you've got lions and tigers and other tribes and other cultures trying to constantly murder you and take everything, you need a very loving, violent man in your life. What? That's just how I don't give a shit what you say about society now. Society now is a blip on the screen as to what humans went through for 150,000 fucking years. And to survive that length of time, you needed. That's just how it was. You didn't have, you didn't have warriors in your tribe. Your tribe is forgotten for a reason. Exactly. That's like, well, long. You know, it's funny. It's time I had just sent me a clip that I don't know if it was Rogan but it was a podcast type thing. You know, a very professional looking where a guy is talking about that. He said, you know, the thing now is that men should almost be dociled and that's not he's like, no, no, no, no, you should be a monster. You should be a monster that can tame that. Not be harmless. There's a difference because if that's thing gets called upon, it needs to be in you. If it's not in you, you're fucked. So Jordan, that's actually, I think Jordan Peterson talked about that. Okay. A harmless man is not a good man. A harmless man is useless. A good man is a man who has the ability to be very violent if needed. That he chooses not to be. Yeah, it looks there. Yeah. And people, I think people that have a hard time with that sort of speech, they're just detached from the reality of what it was to be a human all the way up till this very moment that they are currently living in. Well, plus people will as I mean, an example like, um, we're going to a festival in the summer just to see some bands and with a Nikki's daughter who's 12th, her things are birthday thing. And her literally she said to me, just, I'm a little scared though because of all that goes on and her mother's response is dusty. They're fine. She goes up. Good. Like, I mean, her brain immediately goes, oh, that's valid. Like, don't. Yeah. What if you can't say that? So 12th. Yeah. Oh, fuck. We are, fuck. We're going to a scary place. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's the same thing with the, uh, the, uh, O' Manor Evil because they've controlled all the wealth. It's like, no, no, no, no. Uh, a tiny decimal point percentage of people control it all. Control all the wealth for 100,000 years and everyone else, including every man lived in abject poverty. Right. Like, what do you think life was like in the 1700s? You think man had it easy? Exactly. Jesus, fucking Christ. These people are detached. The men were working 14 hour manual labor field jobs and in, in, fucking coal mines and taking all the bullets and bayonets. Right. You know, it's, it's, it hasn't been easy for anyone. Everyone lived in poverty. Everyone was poor. It was only the elites living in castles and it wasn't just the men, their families enjoyed that, that luxury, yeah, from the top to bottom. Yeah. You know, the, the war on the current war on man is, uh, very, very, you know, well, war on man, I'm not, I'm just saying that that term, they get thrown around right. The toxic masculinity in the talk of the patriarchy and stuff. It's, it's such a skewed snapshot of how they view today's current society. It, it, it, it doesn't reflect the reality of what it was like to live in 900 or 1200 or 1500 or 1800. Yeah. The, they have no idea what they're talking about. The, the suffering and the violence was, it impacted every single person who wasn't wealthy and part of the, the royal family or the elite. Right. Yeah. That's a, it's a, it's a comical thing that I just think it's fun and gets pushed because when you, when I ask or discuss this with any woman, I know they're like, not one of them. Yeah. Reality. Yeah. He like period. The end. You know, like, now, I don't want someone breaking in the front door and, and Emily looking at Ron and Ron looking back at Emily like, who's going to do something? Hey, here's a question for you. Have you ever been in a fight for a violent situation because you were protecting a woman? Yes, and it wasn't, it wasn't anyone I knew. Oh, interesting. Okay. I, I can answer yes to that question as well. Yeah. Yeah. What was your situation? I came out of a safe way and literally saw a guy tossing around his girlfriend and just took care of it. Okay. You know, it didn't even, it wasn't like thoughts because you could just see it wasn't, it was out of control. Yeah. He, he, he, he, you know, did what needed to happen and then, you know, the only thing that was funny. And that's what's interesting about the way the world works is everyone wants that. You can bet your ass. She was happy when the cops came and I had to deal with all that. I was on my way. Nope. No, because the world still says, oh, she was getting her ass beat by this botto kid. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I was in a, I was in a world is how often now we see the video of the guy beating his girlfriend by a guy holding the video. Yeah. Yeah, I was in a bar in Australia. It was actually the night before I flew home. Oh, God. She was going to rest in the neighborhood. Almost got arrested. So this is a funny story. So we were in the bar and uh, by absolute coincidence, these two girls that I went to high school with happened to show up in that city in Australia because they were backpacking. Also, and they, and they heard that I was there. So they contacted me. They're like, Ron, we heard you, you're here. I'm like, holy shit. I haven't seen you guys for years. So we went out and we went party and they got some guys with me and we went out and have had fun. And we were at a club and I was, I was drinking for sure. And I was just walking through the club and I was like, going to good mood, you know, I'm walking through the club. And she's in front of me. One of the girls from, I went to high school with his in front of me. And this Australian dude, he just leans out in front and just grabs your tits. She had really big tits. And he just fucking grabs him and squeezes him. And she's streamed. She's like grabbed his hands and she like pulled on his hands. Right. And they were like locked on her tits. Jesus. And I was like a bit behind her. But I saw the whole thing. And I was just like, what the fuck? And she starts pulling at his hands and took a few pulls for her to get his hands off. Right. And then I just came over and just fucking smashed him in the face. And he had his head hit the mirror behind him and shattered the mirror. Right. And then right away his buddy bottled me in the head with a beer bottle. Right. So this bottle of beer coming towards my face and I just put my head down and it just fucking exploded on my forehead. Right. Cut my head open right in my hairline. Right. So right away I just had beer and blood in my eyes. I couldn't see a thing. Right. But I had a handful of the dudes here. The dude that bottled me. I grabbed his hair. Right. So we were wrestling and I felt some dormant grab me. And all I remember was finding his head and then just head budding his head buddy. I was like, man, he fucking time. I was like, man, he could never do it. Door guy is pulling me off. And I could hear that one door guy was going, run, run. It's us. It's us. We got you to security security because I knew them. Right. And I just remember I had the guy that bottled me. I couldn't see anything. And I was just head buddy, head buddy. And of course I was strong enough to just pull his body. Yeah, of course, body is head with him. So I just headbutted him as many times as I could until the bounce was separated us. And the next thing I know, I was literally being carried by all the door. It was like all these security guys. But they were all like pat me on the chest. We got you around. We got you. Don't worry. We got you. Right. And I'm like, okay, okay. And I can see anything. And the next thing I hear a door. And I'm in an alley. Right. And there's two door guys with me. And they've like wipe and blood out of my eyes and they're helping me out. And I just had a little cut on my fucking head. But hold me. Shit. Blood. I had a reservoir dog's t-shirt on. The shirt. A white reservoir dog's t-shirt. And it was just fucking covered in blood. Right. And I was worried that my head was just gashed open. Like, I thought it was blood. Yeah. No, it was just I thought it. Hi. So anyways, the clean me up. The guys went out front. And then when I walked around the side of the building, there was like that dude and his nose was bloody. And then his buddy who has had blood on his face. And this big group of them. And they were just screaming for me. We're gonna fucking kill you. And they're just screaming. And there was like a bunch of them. And I'm like, well, fuck that. Right. Like I got these two normal girls with me. Right. Like a couple dudes like from the backpackers. I'm like, I'm not fucking. So we just walked down the alley. The one dude had t-shirt and like a button-up plaid shirt. Right. So he gave me his t-shirt. Because I did. And then we just went for breakfast. That's what Nate brought me for. He just put his camera. And I had this super tight, this super tight like large t-shirt on. Eat in my pancakes. And then backstage. You have a dessert. This is the best part. The best part. The next day. And I'm not like this. This is not the type of thing that happens to me normally. It was just a just a crazy situation. The next day where I'm on the plane, I'm flying home. Right. And I'm sitting next to this dude and he hadn't said a word. Like he was totally quiet. He's kind of his older guy. And I remember I was like, pickin' like, I was like, kind of picking up my scab. Right. As a public there was like a big bump on my, because that's scab. And then this fucking brown piece of glass came out of my head. And I like pulled it down and I was looking at it in my fingers. And I was like turning it. And I was like a brown piece of beer bottle. VVVB for anyone who's asking is a VV bottle. Little stubby. And I'm looking at it. And I'm like, holy fuck, that was in my head. And my fingers are all like kind of, I'm not bleeding. But my finger tip is a blood on the right. Oh, yeah. And I'm like, huh. And then I look over. And he's just leaning against the window. But I keep staring at my fingers. He realized he's full of pieces of glass on your forehead. And I go, I think that's beer bottle. I just can't believe I just can't believe. That was just a crazy, crazy, it's just a crazy. So that's the only time I could think of where I got violent to protect a woman in my mind. I was doing the right thing. I just, I'm just grateful for the end of the story. Because I can just see that's the end. Is the reason I told the whole story. Because I don't like telling gratuitous fighting stories. They don't make you sound cool. No, but I just think that guy, I mean, if that was me, well, maybe not me, but someone else, I would kill home of like someone on the flight, right? Hey, shit. And he actually never even explained to me why there would be a beer bottle as head. Yeah. Let me know that's probably what it was. I remember just as soon as that guy bottled me, I remember fainting like, I'm fucked. I can't see a thing. And I realized after I punched the dude, I quickly realized that like the entire group around him was with him. Yeah, there were all his friends. And I was like, oh, I just fucking just smashed it. Fine, and you're fighting 10 out. Well, at least I'm going to look like I tried to save a check. You know, I'm like, this is going to be bad. So that's why I was just frantically headbudding that dude. Because I, you know how that mentality, like, well, I'm going to take somebody down with me. Yeah, I mean, no. They're going to beat the shit out of me. This guy is going to have no teeth left. You remember, that's the rob, the rob Bailey story. With the Dana's ex. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't win my ass, but not before I remove all of your teeth. Yeah. That is my weapon I asked. But one of you guys, someone's going to lose their face, man. Yeah. I'm going to see the door with that first of all. It was like, I can see that. And I can also see them going. Yeah. They were good. I go down. But one of you guys going to lose a fucking eye. I think because those who don't know rob, it's like, I can see that. Because you're like, he's, yeah, he means that. Yeah, he understands. Big ass, man. So OK. Oh, yeah. So toxic masculinity is a terrible thing. Is that about our conclusion as? Yes. I think I, I, I got a degree. And I'm going to up my ass. Yeah. OK. OK. Oh, boy. I never told that story before. Well, they got told A-ma. That story. I have never heard. Which means you've not lived never told A-ma. And I bunch of that stupid shit like that. I'm not, not a lot of fight stories. So I'm not like the type of guy that like, that's really rare. Right. Well, that was brought up. Yeah, no choice. Hey, what, what is the Chris Getland 38 challenge? Do you know? Well, I know who Chris Gethan is. So why? So I assume he's, I assume he's doing like a 30-day challenge of some kind, you know, like Instagram thing. I want to do something baby because someone asked my thoughts about this. Was there something weird about this? Yeah, I'm not sure the details of it. OK. OK. Now, we're not answering that. Because the answer is I don't know. Yeah, the answer is I don't know. I've always gotten a long well with Chris. I met him when he worked for Bodybuilding.com back in the day. Right. He's a monster now in the game. Yeah, no. Plus I get all year long with all the dudes that have the accents, you know. Of course, you'll stick together. I'd get asked, I mean, how long I can last printing nonstop. And my old thought is until the hamstring tears. So between seven steps, somewhere between 10 and 50 yards. Literally, that's what I was reading. These office were going to look like, I wonder how I want to take for my hamstring tears. I don't know. Right around the stage to be the end. I don't know if you like these ones or not, but here's one. Who would your rather be? And who would your rather feed? Godzilla or King Kong? Oh, oh, geez. I would rather be Godzilla because Jesus. Hello. Godzilla has like laser beams and shit doesn't he? Yeah, plus he's just like, my, in Godzilla's more supernatural than King Kong Kong Kong Kong's just big. A monk in the giant, yeah giant gorilla. So that the strength is multiplied by magnitudes and all that. I feel like extra tricky shit. Jump-blown fire out of the eyeballs or anything. Yeah, but Godzilla has like powers of electricity harnessing and, yeah, this is in shit. Yeah, if all of my thoughts on that are correct. And yes, that's my answer for that. And feed? Oh, yeah, and that's a lose lose. But I'm going to assume, since again, it's some supernatural thing that maybe Godzilla doesn't need as much. Yeah. Because King Kong is literally a giant monkey. How many bananas do you feed King Kong? I don't think he's even eating bananas. It's going to have to go up. He's got up the dose. He's eating bananas at trees. Oh, exactly. Lots of fiber in a banana tree. I think like those ones when they're creative, because I've never even heard of that as a possible question. You can good like people come up with some thoughtfuls. Yeah, so I get what do you, what's your favorite cutting side for? Okay. Oh, I thought I thought you didn't want me to ask that one. I was right here. Exactly, you got that too. I am always blown away though, too. I'm going to parse the answer. I hate, I actually just had a client set to me, because I'm dieting. Why am I not taking a antibiotic? Help shred me. Like just diet. I was like, no, no response, no. I don't know. I don't know time to go into the back of that. Here, people want to talk bodybuilding. This is a bodybuilding question. It might actually apply to some people, because they're wondering, is it jumbo box of minute-made rice good for carbs? Or do I have to use other kinds of rice in order for them to be better? Then should. The same shit. All minute rice is, is they've already cooked it, and then just re-dehydrated it. It's already been cooked. It's just re-dehydrated and you're just hydrating it. But it's exactly the same molecule. The polysaccharide is the same polysaccharide. It's still just rice. So I have no problem with that. I know guys that only eat minute rice. Like for their whole life, they're just eating minute rice. That's all the eat boxes and boxes in minute rice. Yeah. Yeah. I think that goes right up there with when people will ask, what potato, or I say that I go because, oh, why goal? They taste the best. Right. In my opinion. I used to use a certain type of potato and people would ask why and I go, oh, well, because it comes from my neighbor's farm. There you go. Yeah, let's say logic though, literally. It's like, okay, perfect. You know, we're wrong. So as he uses these red potatoes, and I'm like, well, yeah, because if you look at the bag, it says made in Canada, and my dad actually knows that guy, and I know they come from his farm. So. It's a polysaccharide. It's a business basically. Yeah. Well, here's what I'm talking about. Five best exercises for triceps. If you had to just simplify tricep training, I want triceps like Kevin LeBron. Close grip bench. You name one. Well, you need a stretch exercise in there. So when people talk about exercises, I don't think that way. I think about positions. Right. True. Oh, you need a stretch load position. So something with the arm behind the head. Where you put a stretch load on the triceps. So that could be dumbbell behind the head, two handed dumbbell behind the head, any sort of pulley from low up behind the head. Yeah. So all that stuff applies. And you just have to find one that you can load that works well for your body. I love, I love hammer strength, the machine. I love that for triceps. As long as I have someone to can push it down enough for me to get my knees under the pad. So here's the thing. So the hammer strength, that machine is a good example of one of many. It's a great machine that isn't made well. Exactly. It's exactly what you mean. It's like guys like you and me figure out a way to use it for our bodies. But it's actually not like if you just sit in a hammer strength dip and lock into it exactly the way it's made, I don't like it at all. No. Yeah, I mean, my train park has to put all this weight because I'm also using way more weight than I weigh. All the way down so I can get under it. And usually another person will push it down on my knees on locked in. Right. Sorry. See, I don't even use the knee pads. I like, I hook my foot under the wall behind me. And then I put my knee under the seat. I drop the seat down on my knees. And then I tighten my abs. And then I get on to it. And I fucking crank out as many reps as I can. I'm like, glutes firing and my abs are tight. Yeah, it's funny. It's funny. It's funny. Yeah. So it's funny because there's a few machines like that. You know, I'll tell people, oh, I love that machine. And then I'm like, actually wait, I hate that machine. But I figured out a way to use it where I love it. I can't remember that. Exactly. Yeah, there's a few of those. So yeah, so you got to compound. You got it. So basically, I say, you need a debt movement. You need a close grip press movement. Mm. You need an overhead stretch movement. Right. And then you need a skull crushers or like a fantastic overall mid range loading exercise. If you have already. Yeah, yeah, it's a two plates skull crusher. Yeah, I love those. And when you were out with people, though, I never post. But I also think that any good tries of regime needs something where there's a ton of blood at the end. So I'll do some form of a super set where it's like 20 and 20 reps just blood. And then also technically, I think you need a shortened position. So that's where the hand is past the hip. Right. But like a single arm press down. Mm. So that's how I think. So you got stretch midway and then shortened position past the hip. And then you have the two compound positions kind of a pressing outward and a pressing downward. Yeah, that's why I like the, I like taking two ropes and doing a row. Right. So that it goes, elbows are pinned backwards instead of going out. We're bringing them behind me. Right. Yeah, right. Yeah, it goes. There you go. See? One same page. Same page. Boom. Boom. Okay, your turn. Let's see if boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I don't know anything about that. Well, this is the same simple one. We'll answer real quick. Do things like oatmeal versus cream rice matter that much or is it over thinking? Wow, for most people it's over thinking. Yeah, unless we be odd person, it might be important. Yeah. Some people, some people say they just don't tolerate oatmeal that well. And also to another thing that I think is important to remember is people say stuff like, oh, I can't eat oatmeal. Oh, I can't eat that food. And I'm like, no, no, that's not true. You totally can. You just don't do well with the large amounts required for bodybuilding. Right. I don't even. You know what I mean? They're like, oh, I'm sensitive to oatmeal. I'm like, no, you can eat oatmeal just fine. But you're like getting ready for you doing off season and you're eating a fucking 300 grams of oatmeal a day. That's when you run into problems. You know what I mean? So I love, a lot of us have just switched over. My dieting is so basic. And typically tell people right in front of oatmeal. I have a memorized as far as what it is. Sort of be like a cup of dry. Oh, just 50, and I'll write it next to it. AKA 54 grams of carbs and they can be any breakfast. So you want. Right. You want maltomune. Have it. 54 grams. I don't care. That's part of me. I should say. Yeah. Not of weeks. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And that's where that's why creamer rice is popular with some people because uh, light rice in general is extremely easy on most people's guts and you can eat large amounts of it. Yep. You know, you got to remember that white rice is one of the only foods on the extremely strict list that they give to like Crohn's patients and kaleidospacions and stuff. Yeah. So if you're worried about any sort of irritation, white rice has already passed the test. Right. Which one? I think someone is default to it. White rice is only carbide. Eat pretty much just yeah other than breakfast. Because I'm also lazy and I can make a huge amount of the thing of machine. Oh. That's time for we got time for a few more dusty. Yeah. As long as you got some solid ones do it now. Oh, oh. Do he? Guys trying to decide whether he should go to his first concert post COVID on weater mushrooms. That's a good question. You see. Well, I'm not going to get any other ones but yes, five to two is a B mushrooms for those lead doesn't count. I do my taxes high. I don't know. The world has changed. We doesn't really do. I wouldn't let's dead serious though. You're not experiencing a concert any different on we. No, no. By the time I know. You, you might be happier and less upset about your day. Yeah. But it's not like it's, you know, you'd have to okay, there's some caveats here. Let's say you eat 100 milligrams of THC. Good. Different. You, you, you, you, you. Yeah. Now the concert might be might be different. Yeah, we're going gummies. That's a different world. Yeah, I pretty. I mean when people say when I hear their term, we need to understand the smoking. Right. You know, which negates all THC. So, do you believe in, okay, you know, the D load question? Yes. Basically, I got a few D load questions again about how to D load and all that stuff. I am not an expert on D loading because I was always terrible at it. I appreciate the people that can D load saintly and I appreciate that. I have clients that are very good at it. Right. Like K, I want you to do a week where you don't train to failure on anything and just do 10 perfect reps on everything and give your body a rest. Right. And they're like, okay, I did that. It went really well. It's kind of boring. I'm like, oh, wow, you did that. Really? That's amazing. I couldn't do that. I just don't go to gym. Everyone knows that. Yeah. There's no go. That's not an enjoy it. And I know the purpose. I'm not gone long enough for to matter. Like we discussed about how long it'd be gone for to actually change your body. First, don't go. I had no joy in what I can do with that time valuable, including watch a fucking movie. Yeah. Take a look at that. I just don't go to gym at all. I tell all my clients everything I go look. If I need them to take like two weeks, I'm like, here's my two cents. Take a week off and then take a week of California for training. And either way, I don't really give a shit. I would probably do my week off first. Then do my little pumps to get ready to get back in the gym, get the joint movement. That's it. You know, because yeah, training is too much of my love and what I want to do. The idea of going in there and doing 10 reps and stopping. The problem is this and I know you've had this before because I've done it. I've went in the gym before told Tommy, man, I've got to take it easy today. Chris or whoever saw you, they're kind of whatever. I started doing my rows. I'm like, that's a good day. Next scene on my put another plate. Yeah. It's not good today. Yeah. Every time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm just not mature enough. So I just don't go. Call the gym or do not let me in today. I don't know, sir. Turn my card off so the key don't know. The door doesn't open. Yep. Yeah. That's it. That's it. You got another one? I mean, for now, no one's beyond. So if you have one more, let's blast it out. I've been scanning the whole time you're talking. Been scanning the whole time you're talking. Listen to your Jesus. So there's a bunch here on splits. I know we talk about splits a lot. How long have you done the Dorian split, the four-day per week split? Wow. I'd say at least 20. We're just having a decade. So we're talking about these here too. Yeah. I'd say at least 20 years of the 30 years I've been training. I did like the actual just four-day Dorian out of the video. Right. And now I'm doing it again. Now that's my current split. So it's just, it's always just been home for me. I just comfortable. My body recovers. My joints feel good between workout. It's just, I don't run into issues, you know? Yep. You know, I had an arm day, a fifth day, which was an arm day that was how it changed. For a long time I had that, you know? And I'm not gonna say it actually who knows. Like, I know I had ran into problems with elbows and stuff and had to like work around. So I don't know if that had something to do with it. But, you know, you never know. It's just a great split for me with the two days on one day off. Now I just, I feel like I can just train infinitely. I got to the, if I was gonna say anything about splits, the only out really pressed to people is, resist the temptation to go to the gym more than maximum three days in a row. Yeah. Like, yes, you can't, you're not, you're not training at a high enough intensity. If you've been training five days straight, you're either the workouts are suffering or you're just training like a bitch. I'll put it this way. I've never known a champion body builder who lifted weights every day. No. But I've known a lot of wannabe champion body builders who trained every day. Yeah. And I always say to it, if you're training hard enough as much as we talk about loving a gym, I need to knock on the gym. But I have time to, tomorrow I'm off. I can't go. I don't want like, these thoughts of going to the gym, I'm like, well, I'm going to be sore from my head to my toe and I'm going to train like, you still want to? I feel like I got hit by a car after my last leg workout. My whole day off the next day, I was just like, like in a fog. Yeah. So that's how it should be. If you're training four or five days straight, you're still desiring going to the gym. In my opinion, you're working out. You're not training those are difference. Yeah, you're working out. You're not training. You're exercising. You can exercise every day. Yeah. But you can't train every day. I can't train every day. That's a difference. That's a difference. That's a quote for the week. Dusty. Just like that. We made a difference. We're out the door. Exercise is something you can do every day. Training is not. Thanks. There you go. Thanks. Any words of wisdom you want to leave people with? What Ron just said is key. And we have 10,000 subscribers. So I feel like we've already said our words. I'm like, I get in a trouble by telling that little fight story. Am I? I was only like 20, was I 20 years old? I think it would trouble a reversal. No. Yeah. No, no. I just, you know, I don't want the culture wars to come after me. I'm not excited unless someone's mad at me. Like I like, you know, the conversation with Turner Rida, which by the way, I'm having a lot of fun soon. When somebody finally leaves, I always wonder when they unfollow me. I'm like, what did it? I'm just curious. I don't want to change it. I just want to know, like I've been an asshole this whole time. What finally nudged you over the edge? You were like this guy's a bitch. Hi, you know what? You know what it's funny? I have to say this before I go. Because it's just so fucking creepy. People don't do it. Because it makes you look like a psycho. Like a fucking psycho. Are you ready, Dusty? What? Okay, so do you ever feel like Instagram follows people for you that you didn't follow? No. The odd time. The odd time I'll be looking through my feed. And I'm like, I do not remember following this person. Okay. Like it might have been a fat thumb thing. Yeah, I have done an accident where I'm looking at something. I actually take a follow, but I leave it because I'm like, I don't know if you're weird. Yeah, yeah. So, so there is this one chick. And like, I just, I don't remember following her. I just, I don't remember. I was okay. And I just left her. She came through my feed and I was like, oh, that's interesting. I remember following her. And then she was coming through my feed like pretty often. Right. Because, you know, the more they come to your feed, the more you see them and then the more they come through your feed. And then probably didn't, it helped because every time she came through my feed, I would stop on her photo. Ah. And I would like, how did I, I don't remember following this person, but whatever. And I looked and she seemed like cool chick. I just, I don't remember following her. And she was like, from nowhere near here, like another country somewhere. And I just don't remember. But I unfollowed her. Right. Because I was like, you know, I just, I don't know her at all. She did not catch that in text, you message you. And she didn't seem like she was like a huge fan of the show or anything. It wasn't like that. It was like just some other person. So I unfollow her. And like the same day I get a message. Why did you unfollow me? And I'm like, okay, that's why. I rest in my face. I'm going to do the decision. Yeah, it is makes you the crazy. Like, I'm sorry. I don't fucking know. I don't remember like, who knows? Let's look at my Instagram. I'm following 3600 people. What do you know what's funny about the, I probably remember following a thousand of them. Well, it's funny that those are reverse. Because I look at the stats because of marketing. I lose hundreds of followers a week. It would be impossible for me to know. Particularly someone I don't know. I would probably, I probably wouldn't know if you won't follow me. Because I don't, I don't look at who likes my pictures. Right. So I don't actually know if you liked my photo. Like, I, you know what I mean? I never think there was a food like my picture. I don't give a shit. So, I feel that, that I guess that begs the question or begs the topic before we realize that you won't follow her. Well, because they have those apps that tell you, why would you care enough to upload? Right. That's the problem. You have the app that tells you reports to you how many people this guy I'm followed you today and this person unfollowed you today. I think that's a problem. You have to let that go. You can't, you can't be afraid of all that. That this, the unfollow me is like a week hundreds. Let me know. Three hundred foreign people unfollow me every single week. Well, I mean, I've been stuck at the same number of followers for like a year straight and I get dozens of new followers every day. So that means dozens of people are unfollowing you every day. Yeah. And now that I'm posting BMX stuff, I probably pissed a whole bunch of people off and that's fine. I don't care. But I can't imagine staring at that app and who unfollowed me, oh my god. Oh, like, that's just, you know, that's just, can't live like that man. That's fucking terrible. You know, and I don't want to know. Like, let's say it is someone you know. Like, you know, Jason from the gym unfollowed me today. Wow, I wonder what I did to piss him off. And now all day, I'm like, oh, and then I see him. And I'm like, oh, and the way it doesn't like me anymore. You just can't live your life like that. I imagine this is what I think. Maybe he's tired of bodybuilding and he's unfollowing pro bodybuilders and he still loves to see you in person. Yeah. He likes you. Maybe maybe this guy from the gym, awesome to see me. Hey, Ron, good to see you, man. But he just doesn't want bodybuilders in his feet. And he worries had enough. Yeah. Maybe maybe they see me row enough times if they don't want to see that shit. Okay, I just just posted the same video again of a 500 pound row again. Okay, I'm just nervous. I already see shit. You can buy. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, it's that's my take. I love it. I didn't realize they had those apps. So I know I did. Easy. Crazy world. You know, like, you got people like there, like Gary Vee and and successful people giving good advice, like stop giving a fuck. What people think of you. Right. And then you have people that are sitting on these apps all day. Oh my god, dusty unfollowed me. It's like, don't do that to yourself. Don't do that to yourself. That's a bad, that's a bad spot to put yourself in. I don't see any benefit and live in like that. Exactly. You know, that's a great story. If you actually reach out to your neighbor, you don't actually know me. Yeah, I'm a little sorry that, but it wasn't like, it just was like, you know, picture of her with a drink. I'm like, oh, I don't know. I'm follow. I don't know. I don't like Mojitos. I'm done with you. I also, I also unfollowed like a whole bunch of hot chicks recently. Yeah, just polluting your feed. Yeah, polluting my feed. And when I say hot chicks, I mean, like the ones it like, that's the thing like they have 200,000 followers. Yeah. They don't do anything else. They can contribute. No other content whatsoever. And I'm just like, I don't need this. I don't need this. I'm following follow. Just clean this shit up. Yeah. So, okay. Try to be more cerebral. Love it. Tell me about that. Until next time, I think we hit the two-hour mark, man. Remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. Yeah, so the sound effect comes in. But it's always in. Oh, a dick. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Remember everybody. It's just body building.