because when I do go into that place, if I do go into that dark place, it's so strong and so powerful that even when I leave the gym, I'll have a cloud over me for days, and it will pull me down mentally into a place that puts me in a quiet and negative mood. So if I try to avoid it, unless it's really, really required, when I was younger, I could be there often, but now I'm an older man with more to lose. You know, I find that fascinating and it's so my take on that is that to have the ability to go to that place is a gift, to have the ability to manage it is a skill. How do you see your mental state when you are training? Do you think you train angry or do you just take the that might appear so from the outside? Or do you think that that's not accurate? How do you think you are? I think it's seasonal in the sense of it depends where I'm at and what I want to achieve. If I didn't really want to be the nastiest mother of life, I want to be the person who can lift the most of the best form, I will make it happen. I just know I will do everything every day until I am the person. That's just it. You can do it. Do it and know that. But competing this year five times or whatever I did like that's that ain't because I'm one who does because logically I'm thinking let's get my face out there. You say enough you haven't seen James this is just much physique of the back of turn in pro. That's nothing like honestly give me a year if I have one of season you're going to be afraid. Like that's how I think I know it. But I know what I'm capable of. But also know you have to do things sometimes in the business of bodybuilding or in the business of life. But I'm not American and I'm not a tool but I'm confident that I have something wired in me different and most. I'm very different like I tell myself that I am. I tell myself I'm different than most because if I don't believe on different and why the Come I'm going to be different. Jordan seen me like if I go under if I get in the squat rack and if I really want it if I really really want it, I will float at shit from high level. I don't give a shit. But I can only must that when I want to when I see it fit and I know and I've learned from perhaps more season the people that if I continue down that route of being like that and train like that then I will blow something. It's still there I still have it and I know that I will come back out. But I think it's taken a little bit of a back step because I've decided to step back and educate myself a little bit on other areas of me. But then based on that and I promise you that you know it will be back out there will be times where I draw that in a I don't know is it like a rage is like a rage I do get angry. I pissed off of the world there's a lot of things I dislike with the world I think there's a lot of people in it. And if I'm trying to do a set that's going to be unimaginably crazy and strong then I will think about all the things in the world that need to change because like if I'm honest of you The upset me that the world in my eyes is a dying place. It's a place that's polluted to shit. It's a place that there's a lot of negative put it away And I could really rain in on that and picture the darkest future for mankind draw something out in a gym that will just create an energy that you just can't comprehend. But I choose to try and stay away from that because when I do go into that place if I do go into that dark place it's so strong and so powerful that even when I leave the gym I'll have a cloud over me for days. And it will pull me down mentally into a place that puts me in a quiet negative mood. So if I try to avoid it unless it's really really required. When I was young guy could be there often but now I'm an old man with more to lose. You know I find that fascinating and it's so my take on that is that to have the ability to go to that place is a gift. To have the ability to manage it is a skill. And you need to be skilled to be a champion. Right. So I think that maturity and management of that is part of what makes you is part of what's going to make you get better. I think so because I know if I continue to be that way it wouldn't make me bow. That's the truth. Or short term better. You might be better and short blast but then you might be done that. Exactly. Because the thing is at the end of the day body building is far bigger than what you perform in the gym. For sure. The gym is a small part of the larger picture and you need to build the liver of yourself and live of your thoughts. And if every time you enter the gym you're using chaotic thoughts to create an energy to get a good workout. So a lot of time in the gym and it's a lot of time in a chaotic place and if that is exercise too often. Believe me it does take a toll on you as a person because you're going to place it. You're going to place it mentally that that aren't nice. Well you're talking about the same thing we said earlier with with Chris and lowering the dosages when the body is toxic when the mind is toxic. You're in a you're in a different place the body the rest of the body can't function as well. But just like the supplements time in a place when you need to call on that it's there. Yes. Yes. You use it when you need to and you know when you don't. So it's the same thing. You know you might ramp up some gear at the end of a prep because it's time to close the door. But that's a couple weeks. You're not talking about 52 weeks of the year same thing with the training it's a time and place. I think that as I've gotten older I've really become understanding of energy. And when you when you have that energy it's nice to be able to flip the switch. But to know how far to push it so like you know I had somebody tell me literally yesterday she was like oh I didn't even think that you saw me there. I'm like I see everything in the gym. Oh you seem so focused. No, not really. Really? Once I touch the bar. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Once the bar is in my hand it's time and then everything goes away. But prior to that you know I don't you know I think and that's back to that experience of being able to call on what's time. I used to need to amp up to drive to the gym and now it's like I do this set five seconds. Okay. That's what I respect that because the truth is it's like bullets. Okay. Like a skilled sniper just needs the one bullet you pull it through the victim. Target done. You don't just let off. You let off. There's going to be victims. There's only casual ease. Innocent. Yep. It's the same thing man. You've got to keep your your your. You know your bullet is essentially your ability to tap into that side of you and you need to keep that accurate and you need to let their spill outside of its projected kind of root because if it does, there could be consequences. Right. One of my favorite quotes from my remember that the first generation iron was when branch Warren says, You know, I want to take that home to my family. It's a room. It's a room. It's a treat. I suspect everyone in a young they want to go they want to be at her and you see it. They they all the people I knew when I was younger. He used to work on security on the doors. They used to all do bodybuilding and they would take their aggression from the gym to the doors of them and end up hurting people when they're working on the doors in security unnecessarily. It was spilling out into the world like it was toxic. You know, I mean. So that's why I'm glad that you touched on that because I think that's a really interesting topic. It's not even one I've discussed. You've managed to bring it forward. And I think that's really interesting. You have to realize that your energy that is inside your head is just as real as the microphone in front of me. It does exist. I think it does like then though. It's not. It's not. Well, it's plump into my laptop. But you don't get confused that these things just because they don't have a physical body don't have an effect. Yeah, another another I can't remember who I just heard talking about this. So I don't mean to not give them credit, but they were saying that, you know, we're all so obsessed with our diets. But we forget that what we put into our head and allow ourselves to think is part of our diet. That's part of our consumption, our weekly consumption is not just about what goes in our mouth. So what goes in our head. And we have to start thinking about our thoughts as part of our diets. And if you're not going to put a bag of McDonald's in while you're prepping, there's also a bag of McDonald's, a equivalent here that you need to make sure you're not allowing your diet. So that was just really an interesting, I remember when I heard it, I was like, oh, I'm going to definitely steal that and pawn it off as my own quote at some point in the near future. So. I love that. I love that because that's why when I drive to the gym myself, I listen to classic and fad, the classical music because all the things are here and all the things you see and they are being consumed just as much as the food you eat. And you choice choice of what you consume. So we got you listen to Mozart and Jordan lesson into the Lion King. Listen to some really weird shit though. And Jordan, you two are the nastiest mother for another. There's not a plan. I can imagine that. But the flip is it is a bit nasty like you can imagine Jordan like walking towards you with Lion King music like that is scary or actually the listening to slipknot. Listen to what I mean. Yeah, actually is watching deadlifting and slow motion and here, Elton John sing the circle of life. Maybe that fast video I could pass on. I got to be honest though, I don't know what the guy was jamming the lion. And let's do 100 pounds because just you know, there. I just want to talk to you. He's actually vocalizing. I have to calm myself down. That's how crazy I am. He's not like I hope yourself with kids moving songs because if you don't you're going to explode and like the world. It's just all over and all that's all over because Jordan went too far on the squat rack. Yeah. Oh.