And I'm already using insulin pre-workout. I'm gonna take a closer look at my entra in it. You're repairing your mitochondria and you're bringing them up to optimal levels. Your cells are healthier. You're gonna get more life cycles. All right, let's try again. All right, let's get nasty James. That's a big dumbbell. Yeah, it is man. And it's matchery on pillows. Makes it even heavier. Yeah. And the cuff are, I'm over he is too, you know? What I'm noticing that positioning is that his back is not coming off more than like, like an inch or two. And that's my biggest critique with people on his exercises. They start here, then they're up here by the end of the set or by the end of the wrap. Yeah, he's on his elbow. I'm going to allow him to, he'll run his hand, he can get up. That was a great point. That was a brutal set. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coaches. Skip Hill and you're very, I've Scott McNeillied. All our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support. I think we do have a couple of Patreon questions today. Load us up over there. Try to put out early releases on Patreon. And you guys get priority and getting your questions answered. Our programming is brought to you also by trunetrition.com. Use our code, think over there. Get some additional savings on high quality third party tested supplements. And we are brought to you by supplement source.ca for Canadians. Guys, they have great deals on short dated and label change products. Plus all your normal stuff too. So if you're often candid, check them out for some good deals. So we've got listed questions and you guys are welcome, by the way, everybody at home to load us up with questions for the next episode. And thank you for watching. If you're new here, we'd love to have you along for all our shows. We have several body building podcasts that come out each week. For those of you who are cooking your food while you're watching us, thank you. That is the highest honor of a YouTube bodybuilding channel that you would prepare your meals while you're or doing cardio while you're watching our show. We wanted to start out today. I haven't watched this ahead of time. I don't think you guys watched this ahead of time either. James Hollings said like nasty trainer like old school kind of hardcore dude. But he's also got some new school stuff too. Like he doesn't go quite as dark as he used to. You know, he has a video called How I Built a Top Tier Back. And I was like man, I want to see this. But not only do I want to see this, I want to watch this with skip and angels so we can talk about it at the same time. So I've got that one all cut up here. We've got James. I don't even know like what's going to happen here if there's going to be any kind of preamble looks like he's not in the gym out the gate. We're a find out. For it's a school 101. 8. 8. One hour. And the girl reading on sugar bar builds company. I don't know if I can get out of this bar. This does not look like a gym. He's got some work. He's looking for a look. It's like an art studio. Yeah. Yeah. That is what we did today. We'll be training back. And I've got a high day because my body weight is really low today. So it's going to be fun. It's going to be a bit. All right guys. Welcome hopefully check out the last video, which was the Lachar and Tux. Here in the gym. He's back day in house gym. My favorite gym in Norway. One of my favorites in Norway. Oh, I hope you can check it out in the previous videos. That gym is not on the floor. In my bedroom. The most down to earth. Biggest from good natural lighting pictures. It's available. That's what I'm seeing too. So you haven't checked them out. Go and have a look on there. Now we're going to mix up today. We're going to take a little bit different. We're going to show you some exercises. Some alternatives that you haven't seen yet on the channel. Because there is so many different bits of care here. So we're actually going to... We're actually going to use an assisted pull-up machine today. Which is something you've forever seen for a long time. Guys, do assisted pull-ups every? Great old piece. That way. Really. You can kind of really hurt my shoulders now. And I'm doing how to shoulder stuff to increase mobility and crease capsular space. I do love them as an exercise. I know skip like so. Yeah, I do. I'm a big fan. Do you do a memory week or? No. And I typically only use them with a neutral grip. So feel better on your shoulders? Honestly, it feels better on my bias. Okay, well that too. Yeah, it's just an add. And because I'm so narrow or shouldered anyway, it's not a great feel with the traditional grip. You know what you used to have Andrew? It was we do this. You may have heard of this term. I think you called it like the gauntlet at death or something. It was a John Meadows thing where you would do... assist to pull up too wide. Too medium grip into narrow grip. And you would get a full stretch at the bottom. And when you pulled up to the top, you'd pull all the way up to the point where you're like looking over the machine, seeing all the dust that never gets wiped off the top. And then slow negative down, like a gymnast would, you know, like that gymnast level control. Oh my god, dude, every time we did those, my back would literally spasm on the right home. My lats would. We used to do banded with John. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Sorry. You start out with regulars. And then immediately throw a band in there. So you get a few more reps and then take the band off and then he pull on you as you held it in the midpoint for like 20 seconds. And you're like, yeah. Call the Eiff contraction in the back. Where's the really wide it changes the emphasis on to the mid back. So I'm trying to get a little bit more lats. So kind of like a shoulder-width grip just a bit wider. Since like Skips Jam. And uh, thank you for applying the right upwards. Oct. And my hands a lot to keep roll forward like the other of the motorbike handles rather than roll back. Just a quick note to about the assisted chin. I much prefer the old school side backs that you put your feet on. Same versus the middle. Oh yeah. I agree. I know you're talking about. Yep. Just take it time. I really think about way you're talking about. Skip, can you lean into your mic a little bit more something because I feel like you're a little bit quiet. Compared to the other volumes. How about now? It's good. Okay cool. Now is it true if you pull with a really wide grip. It's going to work with with and if you pull with a more narrow stance, you're going to get more thickness. That's what that's an Arnold side, right? I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For a bit more progression. Like an outer pull down or a pull over. Something else this also essentially going to work the lats. Well that's what we just got to close up with that beard. Yeah. That's a man beard. Yes. 30 kilograms on there. System. So, by way 120. I should only be put in 90 kilos. You're not a weak eye on them. Also this though, I do appreciate assisted and banded over regular pull ups. Yeah. Yeah. I just I feel it my lats way better. I feel it my back overall way better. You could control it more. You can control it. And I know I'm using my shoulders if I'm using. If I'm if I'm doing it, you know, freestyle. Yeah. Two. It's counting. Five. I know that feeling you keep reducing the amount of help resistance. And you go to that point where that work on set comes and you're like, God, do I even have anything on here anymore? You don't have any? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I think it's good because it just keeps you your your your your your your body straight up and down. You're not doing a lot of this lean and back stuff to make the movement or a row. 100%. 100%. What much longer position? I'll tell you. I like the look of this jam. I like that. There's good. This particular movement. I feel like you get a initial talk under the armpit. Which is not working very well. Sometimes you know what I mean sometimes he's talking down into it or when he's breathing when he's when he's training. I think he's like, you know, because he's training. He's moving around. Yeah. We got a little different angle here now. What is that? Jingle all the way that poster on the right. Yeah. It sure is. You talking about that calf machine? No, no, the poster shorts and egg your movie. Oh, I think they're about that calf machine back. Those are hard to find. Are they? Yeah. I think I've set pretty good. I'm so excited as well. So I'm just a. Sliding up those reps. If a little bit less load, see you still got a product to set. I'm here because the movement the way I feel is I'm just going to repeat. You're saying, hopefully, get a few less reps and just push towards the thing. Probably hard to find just because if you have an angle like pressure basically getting the same move, the same movement, the same angle on the calf anyway. But they're pretty uncommon from at least from the gym's I've been in. About as uncommon as a regular pectac. Yeah. Good luck finding a regular pectac these days anymore. Yeah. Good stretch there on the east that he's getting. Yeah. I like that big stretch. You know, skip. We're talking previously about favorite comedians on the pre-roll before the episode last time. Yeah. And it underrated, I think Arnold's actually a good comedian because his acting is so bad. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is overacting like a serious movie and you just start burst out laughing when he says something. Yeah. I love you. Okay, I love this gym. This place is cool. What's it called? Harol. London gym. London gym. It's a little bit different. You do like a underhand or another hand. Harold's? Harold's gym. Oh, they're in Norway so they spell Harold with the day. Yeah. Can't we go into a pull down? I'm about to lean about here. And then pull to the upper back. Okay. Does the lower back be different? Make sure elbows travel a little bit forward. Is the art is arc and arch the same? This far as British? I don't know. Well, uh, because they're not the same for our, I'm not. I mean, I mean to be pedantic here, but they're not the same here. So I didn't know they were there. How often do you guys do like a pull-up and a pull down in the same way? No. Not often. That's the first thing I was thinking. Okay. How about you? Rarely it's usually one type of pull down movement. And then usually a row with a neutral grip, a row with a pronated grip, and then a pull over or something else that I'm working on, typically. Yeah. If I'm going to be redundant, it'll be out. Or you're going to fast. Now, sometimes people really do try and hold back. It'll be unrolling. If I'm going to repeat. And a lot of time, then they get to this weight that's heavier than that warm up, and then they can't even do eight. Repeat and that, this is repeated and exercise. Like eight on a warm up. And that isn't a warm up. It's just be really honest, because that's something you don't see happening a lot. I see a lot of people trying to go away heavier because some inside does all suck in such a thing. You notice this machine, you have to have a certain level of quad size. Yeah. And the machine and it actually like gives you some resistance on the thighs. Yeah. Just using it now. Yeah. Which is powered at him. I mean. But I don't think there's any adjustableness of that thigh. That's not even a thigh pad. It's a metal tube. Yeah. You see someone do five plate bent. Don't do this machine the day after like day. Yeah. That they will dig right into the quads. I think that he lower that down. Yeah. Watch it jumps. Change is it? And then the bug cuts might keep your eye in that pad. Go that bar. Here we go. That's some old school equipment right there. And it's down. It's lower. You're right. You're right. Oh. He's going heavy now. So I was watching him before. And I was like, okay. James isn't really moving that much weight. It was just a warm up. Now he looks like he's about to see the ground. Now he's only going to do one or the other. Which one are you going to do the lap puller of the gym? Depends on how I'm feeling. If I'm feeling energetic, I'm doing the pull-ups. If I'm normal, I'm doing the pull down. Because as far as the feel is concerned for me between the two exercises. I'll take the assisted channel daily. Would you? Yeah. But you know, I'm just going to do it. But you're going to do it. If I had to use that grip that he's using right now, I would never do pull downs again. For the rest of my life. It's too wide for me. I can't get a new trigger. Oh, really? That's my money right there. Is it? Well, you're a big guy too. Yeah, you know, James is a big guy. He's got a wide frame too. So you guys can make use of this. He looks good on it. Looks like it's working for him. Dude, the other thing I'm noticing. Look how close I think that's going to be. I noticed in look how close his knees were to that frigging stat coming down. A second ago, it was like a centimeter away. And I'm like. Like it's deep in the. He's working this set too. Like this is hard. A little bit of body English air. Yeah, oh, yeah. I don't think to the point of unacceptable, OD. No, I just being an armchair. I just say for anybody watching, they may be like, well, that's a lot of moment. I'm sure the 135 pound broccoli head kids are going to have some to say about it. Why he's not achieving the lat development that they have. Right. Yeah, right. Yeah, I have nothing to critique on anything James does if it's, you know what I'm saying? It's like if it's working for him. Oh, what I'm just making commenter, I wouldn't personally know you are. The critique, but an athlete of James's caliber on pretty much anything. Yeah, no, I don't know what you're saying. The guys still squat seven plates for ten reps or something like that. Like, you know what I mean? And I tell you, there's certainly a pattern where extremely well developed physique. Rarely will have flawless mechanics. I think people like Nick and, you know, like even Roman Fritz and guys that. That's true. Yeah. Justin Shire, another exception. It's almost to the point where it looks like there's no intensity with some of these guys. And this isn't a critique, but with like Nick or just just in particular, it almost looks like there's no intensity in the training because the reps are so textbook flawless. Yeah. And obviously it works for them, not knocking what they do in any stretch of the word. But whereas like you see James here, like he's grought in, like you see like he's more dramatic looking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But then when you lift and you see like the weight that there he is in, like Justin on that chess supported T bar and he's got like six and a half plates on it. It's like, oh God, just moving that at all, you know. Yeah. And you're absolutely being nothing can ever get in the way that I feel. And that this is a normal to you is breathing oxygen. All right. We'll see this set and I'll jump forward a little bit into the next. Next. Next. Next. No more more than breathing fucking oxygen. Many only want to jump. It's got to be like the increasing. Unconditioned love you have for a parent. We miss some stuff here guys. You have the same love for this. You won't be married to this. You've got to turn up every single fucking bay. And love it just as much the first day if not more as your athletes. Very long the line because it's really hard ever. You know, everything he's saying makes sense. Like to people who are, you know, passionate about training and everything else. But do you know how bizarre that would sound to the average person? It would just literally make people roll their eyes and be like, yeah. Okay, buddy. I see you meet about those knees there dude. I'm getting worried. Very close. Maybe it's the angle. It ain't that much of an angle. I see what you mean skip that like to me that was a completely normal statement. Like I totally understand that. But to somebody maybe who's like not into what we do they'd be like, dude, it's just weight. It's just been lifted. Get out with your life. Yeah. But I also think it should be pointed out to maybe people that aren't in a place in life, financially or you know, career wise. You can't necessarily have the body building as life attitude because well, you got to support yourself. You got to pay your bills. And you should be moving forward because at some point your physique isn't going to look the way it did in your 20s and 30s. You know, I think I totally, you know, relate to what James is saying with an asterisk of like, but also as long as it's not deterring you from moving forward in life in general. Yeah. I read it as this personally. I read it as that when he says like show up, it's like, you got to bring that intensity. Oh, god. I'm you get in the gym. You know, like there are no days that you just kind of like just halfway do it. Like every time you train, you got to be on. I got you. Don't say one side show because you're in the rush. Oh, dude, I see that all the time. He just said, don't sell one side short because you're in a rush. You guys are everybody sends you video and they do one side of a row and immediately jump straight into the other side. Without having taken a break and I'm like number one, that wasn't really hard enough if, you know, you didn't take a break and number two. Yeah, I don't know what number two is. Number two is if it was hard enough, your short change in the other side. Yeah. Just from an oxygen utilization standpoint, you're going to gas out before you're even hit muscular fatigue. This gym has a third floor. Well, tell you though back in the day. One after another. Yeah. Yeah, like it wasn't waiting. No, you never waited. Really? No, never. Is it because you had a buddy training with you? You were just like, yeah, I don't know. I think it was just so because I was trying to think of the reason. It was just accepted that had you waited. It probably would have been like, you doing. Yeah. I get after it. Seriously. You train one side of your body today. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel in James is going to go hard on this set. It requires a lot of energy. So I remember Evan Rissane. He's going to move into a new and a prep. Calarific. That's what we're going to power. Let's get next. Alright, let's try again. Alright, let's get next in James. That's a big dumb buck. Yeah, it is. And it's matching up with the wheels. Makes it even heavier. Yeah. Yeah. And the couple I'm going to over here is, too. You know, what I'm noticing that positioning is that his back is not kind of more than like like an inch or two. That's my biggest critique with people on this exercise is they start here. He's going to be up here by the end of the set or by the end of the wrap. Yeah. He's on his elbow. Yeah. He's on his hand. That was a great point. That was a brutal set. Beautiful. As he said, beautiful. Yeah. That was good. Left on. Yeah. I love to get. Yeah. We're in a position in the world now in today's society where you can, he can have that. This full-on conversation with us in this gym talking to himself and nobody cares. Like they totally get what he's doing. Yeah. Flashback 20 years ago would be like, this guy's crazy. You know, talking to himself while he's working out shooting videos. I don't know. I feel like the guy's back the day that we're on his caliber body building. Why is there beware in the zoo baths pants and, you know, the t-shirts with like the strings cut into them. So you're like, oh, that's a bodybuilder. Stay out of his way. He's going to be a crazy shit today. Yeah. He's he's talking to himself. Yeah. Come on, James. That's the last one. I'm getting pumped up now. I want to see this. Yeah, my back. I'm getting ready to row. Yeah. Me too. I'm going to do rows next time. I'll bring back. Come on. Oh, yeah. That angle dude. Nice. Come on. Good stretch. Let's go get his elbow up too. Yeah. Nice. Those are all full reps. Good point, man. A lot of full reps. Come on. Nice. How about that? Yeah. Nice. Those are all full reps. Good point, man. A lot of full reps. Come on. Nice. How about that? Nice. Nice. How about that? Yeah. Blue the whole set about that. Good job. Resisting negative on the way down. This is not even left. Yeah. But so far, you know, what these, these three exercises, bread and butter, they're basics. Yeah. There's nothing now, old here. Well, and I also want to point out he's in a contest prep. Right. As he's saying, like the calerific exercises, he's probably not having to do a shit on a cardio. Because he had to do a, you know, machines that are comfortable, that are keep them and, you know, a seated position. I'm going to hit the most ridiculous. He's doing the hardest stuff possible. We're here, relax, short. Loans are man, so you can win the show as soon as you turn around. You're only going to do that by lifting some serious 10. Yeah. Yeah. Lift the 10 for the win. That was a decently short break if he's going to move into it, considering what he just did. Yeah. Strike it. Yeah. How many reps and reserve was that? I know. My the only one checking out all the people in the background, too. Of course. I'm watching it. We don't see really well in the right angle. So you can just get straight in there. It's a pool. Just pool with all of you. I think that calf machine is older now. It's muscle. It's got the chrome plates on it. So let's just make sure that we use as much force as we can. It gets a really nice stretch on everything he's doing with his back doesn't he? Yeah. What's his machine called? I don't even know man. Yeah. Skip. Have you seen this? No. Not from that angle. I think it's a pinata. Is it just mirrors? It gets a little wider as he pulls out. As he pulls back. Yeah. I think it is a little. Yeah. That's nice. Yes. Yes. Yes. Let's see. It gets into some cable. Yeah. This gym is amazing. I love any gym that has the old pictures up around the top. It has some level of some type of wood paneling in there. Yeah. You know there's been a lot of good physics through their old years. Yeah. I always say like I like my gym's clean but not like back clean. You know like a lot of the gym today. Yeah. Like I like it. It's got some some life to it. Some you know it's got some history. You can just kind of smell it near. Quite a lot of things. And notice like it's got the pinata stuff but it's not the brand new pinata stuff. I always like the older versions of good equipment versus the new stuff they make. So do I plan? I don't be beneficial for back. People always think. But it's definitely fine. I felt pretty good to be fine. So we'll do that again. When it comes to time. Rest up a little bit first. Be nice if they made a. Again pully row along pully row within adjusts. Seat bench too. With the what? Just a little seat bench. Oh yeah. Yeah. When you get adjust the pully obviously too. The seat bench will probably be easier. Let me ask. Let me ask you guys. What do you think about like when you're doing the rows? And you notice how he was like lean forward like Arnold style at the stretch. Yeah. And then kind of using his back to pull and then got a full full row at the end. How do you feel about coming forward like that? I can't do it. Yeah. I don't like it. Too much. I think it depends on the situation. If I had somebody who really need to. Bro, they're like they needed a lot of lats. I would want them to be more locked into it. Because I'm afraid that they're going to start using more momentum. Yeah. Whereas if it's a guy like with his experience, then I'm going to be like, well, you know what you're doing. You know. And if you even if he is using like some level of momentum, maybe that's alone him to get a better negative. Like I have your negative, you know, But for somebody that doesn't have a back, I'd be like, yeah, let's not do that. I think it would be said though that technically. The directors should be used for bracing only, not for movement during that exercise. Well, the extension is the wall. Yeah. So he's not going. He's going to want to see a solid. That all in this workout during contest prep, you know? Yeah. I'm sorry. I should have said for our audio people at home. I should have been telling them exactly everything we're doing. He's getting into that. That's now. The director's going to be terrible when I'm in it for audio. And how many working sets so far is he doing? Two lap hall arguably two assisted gyms. That two, I think what he's doing is two top sets. Trying to match reps on the second floor. I think what he's doing is two top sets. Trying to match reps on the second floor. One is closest. He can to what he got on the first floor. Yeah. So two four six. Then the banana machine for eight. And then this will be the second set of day or ten. Oh. I'm liking. You're like seriously. He's got to have some fun. You're like seriously. He's got to have some Viking blood in him. Yeah. This is where I tap out. Oh. At the end. You know, all that other stuff first. If I were to do deadlifts, I would absolutely put him at the end. This is what we used to always do training with Shelby. Yeah. I'm not walking around with Lord that. I'm trying to do other other back exercises. And it limits you overall strength. Yeah. I'm going to use on that exercise. So it's going to be a little safer theoretically. Yep. Yeah. I don't know how I'd be able to do those. Don't want to have them done. After doing that. Yeah. Exactly. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. If we did a DNA test, that's how you see the his Viking blood. We've been wondering more stuff. Some use intersection. We have the industry. Rist and wrap with the rubber adhesive. So I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a good thing. The black and closing the back. The thing about hip-ing and two muscles. I'm still doing some hypers and tapping that. Wow. Get enough low back. This is an old school back workout. Yeah. Really. It really is. I remember doing work. Probably the exact same workout to a T20 times over my 20s. Pulled-down. Pulled-downs. Pulled-downs. Rose. Deadlifts. A couple other machines. Another thing up with hypers. Yeah. None of this. I wouldn't call any of this easy. Like, no, this was like, here's the easy. Here's the pop stuff. Yeah. I just sent you guys a picture of the new straps that I have. And I've training for 41 years. This is the first time I've used them. And I love them. I have always used the old school cotton. I've tried other things. I hate them. I go back to old sheep old school. Cotton ones. But I got a pair of these and I freaking love them. It's obviously it's a pair. I'm not going to train on time. Yeah. I don't see either. Oh, really? Oh, maybe it probably went to Instagram. Sorry. Oh, okay. That's my favorite. Oh, yeah, dead. Yeah. Okay. Just because I know this works. So the grip, they're comfortable. They're super easy to get onto. Just. I really like that. I really like that. I still know. I always do muscle rounds. But not. Muscle rounds are going to make sense. I thought four sets. Let me see. Muscle rounds. That's not the one I'd discuss. It's a little bit less. I'd say it's a little bit less around. Because the fatigue is pretty real on this. And I can't even do it. Muscle rounds for my legs. I don't need to do two sets. Yeah. Yeah. Because you only go to failure once. But you get a lot of volume in. And it's helping me to limit the central nervous system fatigue. I get while still getting in a good amount of volume. Okay. And then my legs are feeling pretty, pretty toasty. You know, the next day. Nice. Without trash in my central nervous system. Because it's the same volume. Oh, you sent that to Will Chung, too. Oh, did you? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, I see them. They're like verse of grips. Yeah. Yeah. Lead FTS version though, huh? Yep. All right. How much it was on the website? Free. Oh. Yeah. Everybody else? Ha ha ha. Gosh, I don't even know. I'm not sure. Verse of grips are expensive though. Like 80 or 90 bucks. Yeah. So they weren't anywhere near that. I want to say they were 30 or 40 bucks. 35 bucks. Something like that? That ain't bad. No, not at all. No. The outlive of men is anything with elite FTS. I think it's just, I can't damage it. I use these sheepskin ones that I have had for years. I love leather straps. Yeah. See, I don't because they feel slimy. That's why I like the cotton. I can't even really nylon because it's, it feels slick to me. I like the old school cotton. And the only reason I like these is because it, it almost feels like it's, has tacky on it. Ha. Like, this is sticky. This is a different exercise. Yeah, it's going to say this isn't strike me as like a traditional rear Dell. This is like kind of, it kind of goes against the grain of trying to keep your knuckles as far away from your midline as possible. Like bringing your knuckles to the wall. Okay. It's, I mean, I'm not going to say it doesn't work. It's obviously. Yeah. It's like a great broke. Yeah. It's kind of his version of a dumbbell upright row. But the pronated grip though, it's making your target those redouts a little bit more. I don't really count as well because it's not. By intense. Yeah, for anybody who still is listening to this on audio guys, go to Spotify or to YouTube. So you can see the video box this with us. Just tickle the red out. Just tickle the rear doubt. So again, I'm on a 16 key. I saw. It's all right. I think it was one of the, every time that I think it's done, it's not, it's not it. So, let's go to got to do calves at the end. All right, James. You're a freaking monster. And I think we can all agree on that. We'll stop it at that. Wouldn't it be nice if your job was to continue becoming the best body builder? Like, like your livelihood, your, your sponsors are paying you to do this. So those calves as an afterthought, they're not an afterthought. They're, they're what you do. You're perhaps, you're stretching everything, you know? Yeah. That's pretty cool. Yeah, I agree. I agree. It's pretty cool. I'm a huge fan of him too, like just his personality and everything about James. So I, I'm excited to see what you can do over this, you know, in this next show. I don't think the issue with James is ever his preparation or his musculature. I think for him, it's those last three to four days where the pictures we see where he's bone, dry, a collococcation field like seen his so thin. And then what you see on stage is you're like, where'd they go wrong? Because he tends to have a, like, a watery, not as dry look as some of the other competitors. And sometimes it's skin tone and the way the tan hits some of the white guys, you know? Yeah. I, I'm like, I mean, you've got, I've always been a fan of his. I wanted to see him nail his peak. And I think he did a good job. I got to see him in person at the Detroit pro. That really best. Yeah. Second row man six feet away from him hitting his most muscular in the post. I don't, you know, and yeah, it was so good. And I talked to him and his wife afterward. And what it's been to is that they, they've had to load him was so much food. And it was her. She had said that she had said, like, hey, with how much food he's eating, Stefan wanted them to keep it clean. She was like, no, he needs to eat a burger. And they let him go out and eat a burger and fries or whatever. And like that worked better. And so they realized like they got it, they've been trying to keep it super clean with tons and tons of super clean food going in. But they, they found like, they think there's something to it adding something that's going to be a little dirty or to really get that pop they need. Mm-hmm. Makes sense. He did look a lot better Detroit than he did was at the Arnold. I believe. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He was still pumped. Like he was number one just like honored to be there again. But then number two he was like, we're on to something. You know, like he had that attitude, which was cool. Nice. Yeah. It's awesome. Hey, do you notice this Andrew jumping straight into listener questions? And you guys are welcome to comment with more questions. Rascal says does SLU raise heart rate. I noticed it raised my heart rate and it initially it raised my blood pressure too. Yep. I'm not going to say it's a side effect that 100% of people will experience probably 50-50. Yeah. And so to the case where some people it's like we have to back off the dose because you know, there it's bedtime their heart rates 110-10-10-10-5. Yeah. So yeah. No. It is a potential side effect for some people. So, you know, we talk about compounds being pretty innocuous in terms of side effects. This is one we probably should mention that I always do forget to bring up. Because I see it as, I don't see it as much of a body building supplement as an anti-aging kind of health supplement. Yeah. And I know what I'm saying because I really do think you're repairing your mitochondria and you're bringing them up to optimal levels. Your cells are healthier. You're going to get more life cycles. You're going to get a longer healthier life out of it. So, when I talk about these things, I think of a more as a background health supplement slash. Like taking your car into the shop to get the oil change, the fluids stopped off before you get on a long journey. Yeah. I love that analogy, man. I think that I can't think of a better one. You said that I'm the show a while back and I've stolen that and I've used that now when explaining it to other people because I think it's so just bang on. I have so many analogies in my training partner. She would always be like, oh my, hold on. Let me write this one down. She's going to start an Instagram page with all my analogies. You know, I'll be sitting there and I'll be like, we know a prep is like a journey. You know, when you're going off to see and you got to make sure that you got the right amount of food and you got the right amount of clean water and you got the right amount of vitamin C. So you don't get scary. Yeah. Like a lot of all these funny analogies. I end up with a bunch of them too. Like, well, it's like driving a car. It's like building a fire. It's like cutting a lawn. You know what I'm making. I know this. What about the Daniel Ask Us how many weeks into EQ cycle should one check for thickening up the blood? It's first off, it's this is an exclusive to EQ. You know, all PDs. I don't know of a in a ball of the endogenic compound that doesn't have an effect on blood viscosity and whatnot, right? Can you guys think of any any. So yeah, so I mean, I would just say that as a as an aside, but I mean, I don't know, I've never started a cycle and had a full panel done four weeks into it. Right. It's more like, okay, let's see after 10 weeks or 20 weeks of the cycle or after the cycle or usually before a cycle to make sure it's okay to do the cycle. So I can't give a direct answer. I don't know if you guys ever done labs like three or four weeks into a cycle and been like, oh, my blood's already up. No. And even if it was elevated, my next question would be, well, how much more is it going to elevate? So to really three or four weeks in just doesn't. It's not, yeah, or would your question be like, what are you going to do about it if it is? Yeah, in a sense of, are you going to stop your cycle? I mean, I would check usually, well, usually we want to know before the cycle, right? Yeah. Are you already borderline? Like, because you know, there's the argument nowadays that used to be 15 years ago that we, we would like everybody was like, we got to keep your hematocrit in range, you know? And now everybody is kind of taking the opposite approach where it's like, oh, it doesn't matter. Metacrit, did you hear it doesn't matter at all? Yeah. You know what I mean? That's kind of the vibe I get. But it's like, well, okay, so then is okay, so 50 is that's, that's all right, right? How about 55? Okay. How about 60? About 65? Like, how, what, when does it not become okay? Like, what stage of kidney failure is acceptable? Right. Right. Yeah. I mean, I think the, what you got to look at is you do in the cycle understanding that you're doing some type of damage to your blood work and your organs, right? And then the reason, the only reason why we ever go off PEDs is to have that time to recycle replenish and and reheal those markers, right? Otherwise, if these things didn't happen or they were not a big deal, we would just stay on massive cycles at nauseam for the for all the time, you know? So I think it's the, if you have the thought process of I'm going to do the cycle, I'm going to see where I'm at afterwards and figure out how much damage quote unquote I've done and then have an appropriate amount of time to deal with that damage. Not just to clean it up, but to have a period of time where you're in a good health phase, you know, because in Dante, you always used to say this, okay, you got your labs and eight weeks after your cycle and everything's normal. But did it just get normal, you know, seven weeks and six days into it, or have you had a period of time of, you know, a month or two where things are good and normal. So I think we always got to keep that in the background in terms of our our thought processes. I have clients sometimes do blood work at 15, 16 weeks out and because they'll say, well, how long, you know, do I do the cycle? Yeah, how long are you comfortable doing the cycle? Because these are the risks and these are the pros and cons, but if your markers come back and they look pretty good at 15, 16 weeks, we should know the four to five weeks. At that point, it's not likely that all of a sudden in four to five weeks after being on for 15 or 16 weeks that you're going to then all of a sudden have a grieges, you know, number. I'm going to fall off the cliff in four weeks. Yeah, and that's it all, so I'll check before and if everything was in a position where we're like, hey, we're probably pretty we're good here, you know, these at these levels. I might check again at that 12 to 16 week range if we're going to say to ourselves, let's try to push it. That would be the thing of like, okay, we're at say 14 weeks in and we're thinking, everything's telling us like your strength is getting better. You've got a lot of room left to grow, you know, like you're not holding a ton of body fat, yeah, everything's telling us like, let's keep doing this, but let's get your lab work done and see where your hematocrate is, you know, that's kind of where I've usually taken it and then we can make it decision based off of that. And sometimes we could still stay on, but you know, looking to supplementation or maybe that is where bloodletting comes in. I almost feel like nobody wants to bloodlet me more because. I've had a crits totally fine, wherever it's at. Yeah. 65, it's fine. The other thing I'm seeing a lot of is clients sometimes that maybe they're not as experienced in terms of, you know, competitive cycling, all that stuff. They they run the health stuff that we ask them to run when they're on the cycle and then the next check and comes in and like all this stuff we had them taken was missing is missing. And I'm like, hey, I noticed he stopped taking such a burger mind, he stopped taking you know, X, Y and Z and I'm like, why? Oh, I'm off the cycle now. I don't need it, right? And it's like, oh, no, no, no, no, like like, and this is one of those layered costs of bodybuilding. In my opinion, you should be on those things, especially when you're off cycle when you're going to get the most benefit of it because let's just say those things are keeping you at a certain level. This is not a apples or apples analogy or whatever, but let's say they're keeping at a certain level, right? You want to improve and you want to improve it a fast rate in terms of your health. So wouldn't it be incumbent to keep those things in because of the health benefit? Like some people take these health benefits without ever taking PD's for their health benefits. Yeah, I'm saying, you know what I mean? Hey, what's off guys? I've a lot of people who reach out to man and regular basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein and there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day, but we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers up. Trinitrition has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate. If you don't tolerate lactose, then you can use their beef isolate or you can use their P protein isolate if you don't eat animal products. So literally have everything you think of. I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us and they never went out of their way to say like, hey, we want to promote our stuff through you. I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in and at the end of the day, I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible. So if you use our code, thank you Trinitrition, you'll get some savings, you'll help to support our programming and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster. Hey, skip, question for the night show after a cut how long should you take before you bump up the calories so you don't get fat. And how how to speed back up your metabolism. Cheers guys love the show. Mmm, that's so individual. And at the same time, we've tried to put numbers on this before trying to give people an idea. You know, coming off of a really aggressive cut, you're probably good to go, you know, 20% on your calories at first, 20, 25% and just evaluate, you know, from there and you know, cool thing ahead of. I have a client who came off the show got into great condition that we start to reverse out. And his calories are literally over twice what they were in the cut and the skip load is all day on Saturday with a meal Friday night before bed. And he is out, continuing. He's only added three pounds to his stage weight. The metabolism is responded so well to the adjustments that we've made. This is only over the course of just, you know, eight weeks or so. It's in there somewhere, eight, 10 weeks. The calories have come up considerably, but because the incremental changes are relatively small outside of the first one being, you know, and I had soft top my head that it was probably 25% Yeah, it's just been 200, 300 calories a week after that. Now it may not have been exactly that, but it's in the ballpark of that just changing every week and then adding another skip load meal and then adding another, you know, there's getting seeing what I call a baseline. Yeah, or the first four or five weeks and I'm like, man, I got to throw more calories at you because you're literally returning to your baseline weight every week as we add on these calories and of course he's getting significantly stronger because recovery is, you know, much better than it was before the calories are higher. And here's very, very low. I believe it's TRT, but I have to check on that, which just reinforces that a lot of times when you come out of a cup phase, whether it's a show or a pretty dramatic cup phase where you got real lean and that means your real insulin sensitive. You're going to grow without that gear. You just don't need a ton of gear coming into an increased calorie, you know, basically going into a surplus and building those calories. Now I'm not going to sit here and pretend that who does this anabolic is gear, but I do think a lot of people don't accept how anabolic the increase in calories really can be. It's almost as if you can count on the food before the gear in the off season, especially coming out of a cup phase where going into a cup phase, you start to as the calories get lower and you get into a deficit, you're almost kind of relying more on the gear and less on the calories. So it becomes this, you know, this switch. 100% I agree with that. Andrew, you could have a jump in the next question. Well, I think I'll say real quick is that, and it sounds like that's a reverse done 100% right skip in my opinion is why not get in shape early enough that you can really kickstarter start that process four or five weeks out. Yeah, you know, I mean, I can use a wife as an example right now she's eating more food than she was in her off season at the peak and she's in her contest condition. It's just kind of continued and yes, there's some help with retto and there, but it's been kind of cool to see just how being someone can stay well essentially almost doubling their calories. All right, what about what supplement Andrew, would you look to add pre intra and post and do you guys notice the difference between creating forms like monochidrate versus HCL so he's looking for supplements that you would take pre intra and post workout over the counter stuff. I'm guessing is what he means so no halo. Okay. Yeah, pre workout, you know, honestly all the supplements out there the same in terms of pre workout pumps there they're there to increase phase of dilation to increase your pump so you know, our genin, off key to glu rate. Citroen, I probably going to forget a bunch, but those are main ingredients and a lot of these pump products right and then intro workout. It depends which goals are, but I'm a big fan of intro workout carbohydrate, it's a high molecular weight carbohydrate like highly branch cyclic dextrin with essential amino acids and then I like to include creatine or creatine depending on who we're talking to or talking about. In that product in terms of creatine, creatine is the by far the most studied sports supplement in all of human history. I think I looked it up. They've spent something like 400 million dollars on experiments with this between creating monophosphate. Creatine, Ethelester, creatine, Alphacuticolourate, creatine, Malay, all the different creatine hydrochloride and what they came back to after spending all that money trying to find a better, more efficient creatine. Creatine monahydrate. The same will fashion, creatine, pure from Germany is the best source. So yeah, I think what you find with the other creatine sources sometimes is some gastric issues. I'm a creatine malay, creatine Ethelester was causing some GI issues for a lot of people. Creatine monahydrate and I'll say this too before I move on. Creatine monahydrate. I'm a big fan of larger doses of it. There were periods where I was like, creatine doesn't really do much compared to testosterone or compared to some of the other compounds. Yeah, which it doesn't, but, okay, obviously, if you had to take one or the other. Yeah, I'm under trend E or creatine monahydrate. No, but you know, I think upwards of 20 grams a day for a guy over 200 pounds is totally fine. You know, not necessarily on one dose, but the guy myself, I take 10 grams in a morning and I take 10 grams into workout. I've been blasted in 10 to 20 somewhere in there for the mental, the brain stuff all the stuff with like dementia and all that. I'm like, man, I don't, I don't need that stuff and I probably will be the first guy to get it. So why don't take some creatine if that's going to help it all. Skip, do you have any any supplements that you would like to say like this in because I think Andrew covered like a lot of the bases and I know you're not a creatine fan, but is there anything that you're like, man, I do like this one around training. I don't know if I notice anything specific with any of them. But on paper because they're relatively inexpensive, I have put creatine is a good example, but I'm not a huge fan of it never really have been then I thought you know what. This is really inexpensive and I'm already using insulin pre workout. I'm going to take a closer look at my intro and I put in like a hydromax and I put in and put in the creatine as well and I can't say that anything is like, wow. But on paper it all fits together well the EAs the the carbs I tolerate I have a hard time tolerating intercarb well. So my body has been very picky about the intercarb's I can use so I have stuck with carbonyl just because it okay just seemed you know I go back to like the days of waxing me is an and I still say I will continue to say Dante hates it what I say this. But I believe this I'm not you know battle in him or anybody else on it I could be wrong but I say that when you leave waxy maze like you shake it up and you leave it for three minutes it starts to separate. I think it does that and you're stomach it has to to some degree to the point where it's completely separate no probably not but does it doesn't don't it separates well if it it my point is just that it it will end up that it will be I almost see it in my brain as a thicker sludge in my stomach. I probably you know what happens because in G I I'll tell you I happen because it's not an isotonic solution anymore and if the water is separating from the actual carbohydrate source. And you're absorbing the water in your lower GI as it's passing through now it's telling the rest of your body it's saying hey we're in a sympathetic situation where we're trying to train but we're also engaging parasympathetic we're engaging blood flow and and water to the gut. I'll dilute the solution so then we can keep passing it through and absorb it in the small intestine so I think you're right skip. About the waxy maze a hundred percent it'd be the same thing is trying to drink um. I don't know like a way further example is you know you can take ground oats and mix them into water and yeah if you drink immediately it's in solution. If you let it sit there for two minutes right oats are all in the bottom the water is the top it's the same thing now we wouldn't drink be drinking oats during a workout but. You know what I'm saying it's we wouldn't be trying to drink oats and workout but it's sending mixed signals to your body via the brain saying are we in parasympathetic rest and digest or we in sympathetic fight or flight training right so. I can see why somebody's carbohydrate sources wouldn't work for you. I remember you guys might too the the Targo experiment just Justin Harrison Steve Kukulo and they both said that they tried to load. It would be a big part of it that he had to be a little bit older because it would on the Targo and it just felt like this massive lump of gel in their stomach and and I can see that because the viscosity would have been so. I mean think about how thick and nasty that would have been not enough water it just seems like it's just but for whatever reason like to say the carbon and I don't know why maybe it stays in solution better maybe it's just the type of carbohydrate it is. I think it's going to come down to the molecular weight of the carbohydrate and the whole. Yeah. And I'll say this too, try it for yourselves. You know what I mean? Like, because I'm thinking back 15 years, there was a time that like, I did buy some highly-braged cyclic doctrine, but in order for me to buy that, like I was really tapping into my finances to do that. You know what I mean? Especially at the doses that we were running it. But I could afford to nutrition's carboload because it was like, yeah, I think they have it. And this is, I mean, it is a plug, I guess. It's the cheapest carb on the market. You get, I think it's 15 servings for $20. It's 50 grams per serving. So if you do a half a serving, you can get 25 grams of carbs for your next, you know, 30 workouts. Like, that was cheap. And so I used a lot of carboload. It worked fine for me, but what I was warned was, hey, see how it works on your digestion. Because it's not going to be as likely to digest as well. As highly-branch-sick-lic-ductrine. And it was like, you know what it's working for me? I'm going to keep using it, right? So I'd say if you're in that position financially where you don't have an option, don't completely sell yourself out or shut the idea off, try it, but be prepared, you know what I mean? That'd be my thought on it. What's the most interworkout carbs you ever used got? 200. Okay. Yeah, but I've been there. Yeah. Hi, haven't. But no. I don't think that worked very well for me. No. I've been as high as only like 90 or 100 with EAA and with you know, so I'm like, I feel like I'm pregnant while I'm training. Yeah. And then to the water content matters, I mean, I have, yeah, I've got a gallon jug. Yeah, exactly. Two and a half liters. And so it just depends if I'm sweating profusely, okay. I might be able to move through it quicker, but. Andrew, did you have to train yourself to drink that much? Because I don't, you know, for me, I didn't start it 200, but you, we built it over time and you got used to drinking more and more fluid. Yeah. Because I couldn't handle the gallon intra, you know, and have it finished before the workout was over. I think I could do 200 grams of carbs with about two and a half liters of fluid, which honestly, I drank that probably anyway. Okay. I do like, I keep it, but you know, it's nothing for me to go and use the rest room two times long training. I was wondering because I'm thinking the kidneys are only set up to process. What about a liter in an hour? Is that true? That's, I think so. About a liter. About a liter. One point two five liters an hour. Something to that effect. Okay. Remember what it was? What if you're training in Highland Park powerhouse into trait that doesn't have good AC in this summer? Yeah. Yeah. Miami. I have this gym here. I absolutely love going to busy body and train my wife. We'll go to busy by she doesn't want to go to the other gym. It's the garage style gym. Yeah. One of the things that I don't like about busy body is they just will not use the air conditioning and I will be pouring and I don't mind pouring down sweat. I'm that, you know, where if it's dripping off me cool, but if I'm training legs and I'm I mean sweat, or so, if I'm prepping and I want to, you know, get some pictures. If you're pouring down sweat, you don't look very good because you're not very full because you're sweating your ass off. And what you're living in there is pour. So there's that too. With your 200 grams, were you also using all the insulin in the world? To work with that 200 grams as well as like I was. There was a fair amount of insulin. Yeah. All the insulin. Yeah. I was going through pens pretty rapidly. I mean, in fairness, I think anybody listening would be like, there's no way that you're going to get to 200 grams of carbs without insulin. What's up? Well, let's just say actually, I wasn't using pens. I was using the little mini jugs of insulin. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let me see what else we got. I'm going to show a couple of these. Anybody going to North Americans in three weeks from the time he posted this. Dusty's going. Oh, yeah. Team up with Dusty. Say hi to him. Yeah. He's going to be getting a workout in with, uh, who's he getting it? Is he getting a workout in with? No. Can't remember. No, Turner Riddle. Him and Turner Riddle. Oh, good to see. Chris doesn't go to the go to North Americans and work out. Yeah. Whatever you see Chris at any show, he is just buried in his computer. Look, someone is athletes around stage. Y'all. And then he's like right back to his computer. Right back to bangin' out work. So he's telling me they're training at that LA fitness across the street. I'm going to go to the powerhouse. Powerhouse? It's like 25 minutes away from the new. Yeah. Yeah. So I met John Jewett there. And this before John Jewett was as big as he is now. And I didn't know it was John Jewett at the time. And I worked in with him. I was like, hey, you might if I use this back machine with you. He's like, no, no, go ahead. And I looked at it and I adjusted it and put the way that I needed to use. And it was pretty heavy for me at the time. And I put it down. He's like, he jumps in and he took the pin and was like, do do do do do do do do. Like 7 down. And I was like, okay. I remember thinking, oh, it's like, okay. This bro is going to have some pretty wacky form here with that much weight. Like he's going to start. I get ready to see this dude start yanking this shit. You know, no, he perfect form, perfect technique. And then afterwards, my girlfriend was like, hey, I think that was John Jewett you're training in with. And I was like, really? I was like, I think you're right. I'm terrible with faces in person. You know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah. And then I met him like a week after that or something. That was some some time ago. Nice. But yeah, team up with them. I know. Sometimes we go because you referenced your girlfriend. Yeah. I've got a couple clients. I'm probably going to meet up with out there. So okay. I love that show man. Oh, it was good to be last year. I had three pro cards. How? Yeah. Do you have to get the cinnamon rolls at 350 bakery? I don't eat junk food, man. I'm just telling you, you have to. Oh, that is getting pretty friends. I don't know what to tell you. But there's sticky buns and cinnamon rolls are some of the best I've ever had. 350 bakery. I have to bakery. Yeah. I think about 10 12 minutes to get there. It's up in the hills a little bit. Everything is. Yeah. Everything takes 20 minutes to get to. Even if you're free bridge away in three bridges. Yeah. You're going like this and you're going back across the bridge again. Just take a break turn. Yeah. What? You're like, ah, it's the crow flies. I should be there by now. Yeah. Oh, good friend of the show. I. I think this is our first. Yeah. I'm still honored and you recognize me and said hi to this. When I was pumping up to go out for figure. Listen, she looked fricking incredible. She had a great group. I think this is our first. Was this our first pro season? No. Yeah. She did. I think we leave the Chicago. We're going to be able to go to the The Tampa. And I if I'm not mistaken, she, I don't know if she did text us. But I think she probably did. If I saw the other day. The Atlanta show. I'm going to try to make a mental note to drop a picture of her in here. Sorry. Very, very. Very, very. Very. Very. You look very. Very. So very. I saw it at the Arnold. Very off season at that point. But she was like looking like she put on some size. Yeah. And you saw this with that dress on her face. And she was like, You can always listen. Listening, please have a duck fat burger For me. That. While roots in Milwaukee. But you're probably probably Prapping and dying too boring. But you're not. Get a duck. Get a duck fat burger for me. I find it. I feel like any contact with skip is like, hey, Great to see you get. Get the right of the show and so on. So yeah, sure you get. Go to this restaurant. I haven't been there. away the month because they're move one of our daughters bought a new, bought a new house right next door to their other house. But it has like this guest house. What was that? I'm just having a lot of spasms. I'm just like, what's up with the guest house? I just moved my arm or anything. Anyway, and it comes in a ghost, thankfully. But they bought the house next to it, has a guest house. And my other daughter, the two are graduating together from the University of Wisconsin next June and her next May. And they're going to rent the guest house. So they're going to, they're that tight because at first I was like, that's a bad idea. You guys are going to be way too close. But they're like BFFs. They're going up they weren't. But they are now. So they're moving next door. We're going to visit them as soon as they move in. Nice. Nice. All right. So peak week training philosophies or training systems. What do you guys, what do we all suggest for that? Lex, I'd call it stretching, stretching squeeze. It's just, I don't know, what do you want to call it? Like vanity shit. Pump it post. Yeah, there you go. Pump it post. I mean, that's the time you were your tank top. And you know, your workouts are of actual training is 45 minutes tops. And you're just getting a good pump and making sure you look good in the mirror. You're not testing anything out. You're not, you know, no matter how strong you feel because you're all loaded up. Yeah, that's not the time to do your max hacksquad or well, you shouldn't really, I like the poll leg training about two weeks out. Maybe you touch up a quad hamstring day eight to seven days out. But, and that's for women too with the exception of like the bikini ball in this class of course, because you know, figure you want to have that quad separation. So I wouldn't be doing any hard like stuff after I'll say the latest is like 10 days out. But yeah, pumping pose. Really, you should be spending more time in your posing, working through your posing routine, making sure your, your quarter turns are perfect. And that's where a lot of your energy should be actually towards the end of that prep, towards the last 10, 12 days. Yep. I don't have much to add there. You want to go into the gym, get a pump, get out before you do something stupid. You also don't want to deplete yourself to the point where you're just making a harder for your coach to fill you back out, right? This is the time to do endless workouts just because it feels good and you look good. Just enough because you're not building any muscle in those last 10 days. No, and you're not like etching anything in. You're not etching. No, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I'm going through guys a hundred percent on that. I think that's a great place to call it. This is a fun show. I hope you guys enjoyed the reaction hangout that we did. I had a fun time doing it. I hope you guys, did you guys like that? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Hope everybody had a great background. His noise was his video was a little loud. I don't know if the viewers are going to be able to hear us on that. I think that it's the, so post-production skip at all, on several genals. So I can adjust that. But I've noticed too that sometimes when we do, it's just bodybuilding reacts that one of us, it's usually like Ron will be like, holy shit, can you turn that down and I'm like, it's not that loud. So I think it's like maybe the channels are a little bit weird the way they come through and you might be hearing it louder than everybody. Yeah, because I had a hard time hearing you or Andrew. I did too, but like you said, you can edit it post-production. Yeah. We got it. We got people for that. Yeah, you know. Got people. Scott. Hey, I got Peyton to help me out with some stuff. So he's, he's been on the ball. He's our, our future editor of Think Big. So we've got him on the case for a lot of things. We appreciate everybody tuning in and go to bodyberry.com to reach out to Andrew for some coaching. And you can hit up team skip dot com to reach out to skip. Hit me up at McNally diets at gmail.com. And of course, check out true nutrition.com. Use our code think for some creatin. Do you guys ever say creatin, by the way, ever? Or is it always creatin? Critin. It's given. No, creatin. I don't cry. Create team. I don't get that one much that. I'm not sure on that. I don't either, but I got called out on it on the show. And now it's every time I say it, I think about it. It's, it's probably like one of the least mentioned compounds when I'm talking to clients in person. How often do you say it? Not all about bringing it up. What's your creatin at right now? Yeah. And check out supplement source.ca for our Canadians. They do have awesome deals that change week to week. I'm talking like, close out deals, blow out deals. You don't want to miss that stuff. And thank you to everybody from Patreon. We'll take some more Patreon questions. And I try to message everybody on Patreon when you guys first sign up and say, hey, where you're from, what's your favorite podcast and the network. I try to get to talk to everybody over there. So, you know, hit me up. Make sure that you check your DMs if you guys are on Patreon. And for another episode of the podcast, guys, let's what and gear. We'll see you soon. Thank you guys.