Hey everybody, welcome to episode 156 of It's Just Bodybuilding. Scobbing Naly, Dusty Han Shah, myself from Part-Lope, and on today's show, Jamie aka the Giant Christian. On It's Just Bodybuilding. I told you guys the story about when I went to Rich Piano's house and he had a shotgun behind the door. Nice. And I know we didn't hear that story. Yeah. Should tell that one day soon. I got a lot. Yeah. Wow. And a couple of handguns on the kitchen table, just sitting on the kitchen table. It's a, it's a lower world to the UK, literally. Yeah. A couple boxes of, a couple boxes of ammo. There was a chrome 45. Nice. Yeah. Because you never know if you might need to. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, there's a certain thing that you need a 9 mil for and a certain thing you need a 45 for. Different tools for different jobs. I mean, you never know. You never know what's at the front door. You might be a 45 job. No. There might be a 45 job. Yeah. It's a gun for the offseason. Yeah. Yeah. It's a big gun. I was recording because I got a decent question to stop start some conversation. We do. We are. Yeah. We have to have gotten all of that. Yes. Okay. I was going to say it just seems on Instagram the minute like all the body that was going to actually. You see. First of all, I think it was meant in just but, um, and to on versus Ian. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I saw Ian post on a story today that him and Antoine are absolutely cool and they're just having fun. Yeah. So then there was that Ian versus blessing that seemed a little bit less cool. That seemed less cool. I didn't see that. Well, I did. I did not see it not see a post saying that they were cool. No. Maybe. Maybe frosty. Well, not cool. Yeah. Yeah. Frosty probably a bit for sure. So for me and anybody else that that doesn't know exactly what this was. What was this scenario? Well, I don't totally know. I just saw that there was like body builders that like a couple people like that I know. Yeah. You know, guys. It was like, you know, one dude that I know from the gym really well. He was like in there adding to the to like the beat down or the you know like on Valer's, you know, on T. Me in, right? Okay. But there was a bunch of people hopping in and I noticed that I even knew a few of them. Yeah. And I was like, this is like the fans are like in on this. They're like, no, you're not talking to Ian Valer that way. But you're your reference, Scott. I think it started off by blessing. You've posted saying that Brandon Curry is his ideal physique. Well, he's going to win one more Olympia and then it's his turn because basically shape wins. Okay. So Ian's command and said, that's why I've got a class called classic. Muscle, muscle wins. And this is bodybuilding. Yeah. That's how it started off. Okay. And then they just went from there. Yeah. Yeah. So I, you know, I gave myself. I, I indulged. I did indulge. But I gave myself like a 60 second time limit to just stand comments. And then I was like, you know what I mean? Like, we'll do a little bit of the drugs. But I don't want to be like an addict. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to put my phone down. And I don't, I kind of don't really want to know the full story. Because then you know there's a problem. Yeah. And you have to, yeah. And you have to have an opinion at that point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's all for the same. Yeah. Because you've got those two storylines. And then you've got the Kriz O versus Nick Walker narrative. And there's a few other ones. And then there's Andrew Jats in the media quite heavily. And I know what they do. Because it's very, very influential on their playcings almost. Because they're getting publicity before the acceptance stage. So what do we think to that? Does, does profile matter before you go stage? Hello. Hello. Glad you guys found it. I made it. I got to say, I got to say, I'm really happy with the color scheme. You know me. We got red. We got, but yeah, this is great. Lacko and I here. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then I got to also quickly mention, like share subscribe comment. Ring the bell. And then there we go. And comment with questions for the Q&A episodes. Sure. There we go. What is this episode? 155. 156. Six. I'm pretty sure. Yeah. You can put the number up. Yeah. Give her take. Doesn't matter. And of course, Jamie, the giant joining us. And we also, you know, yeah, the Rockstar haircut. Actually, I think we assigned you as the base player of our all star bodybuilder band. We did. We did. We did. We did. We did. We did. We did. We thought you would be like, because you're so huge and you'd be back. They're just. Yeah. So no, you kind of like it's it's funny that you show up looking like, you know, like a way. Like a way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think I'll prove that profile matters when he won the 1980 Olympic. Well, let's also look a little closer when Dana won the Olympia. Not to say she didn't deserve it. She's not one. I'm pretty sure the fans would have torn the auditorium apart. Yeah. So I was there. And I was like, y'all don't really have a choice here. I mean, she deserves it. But you don't really have a choice. Yeah. Right. Just like, you mean overwhelming crowd like. Listen, I can't remember who the girl who the took second was. But her mom was screaming Dana at the side. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So she wrote. Yeah. Yeah. How do you feel about it, Jamie? Yeah. I didn't think there's going to be some press. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It was start from shit. Hey, I think Louis C.K. Has already dealt with this gay sex tape. That's. Go all the way. You know, well, the wife's the way. So we've got plenty of space for activities. I like to recall your activities. Run this. That didn't be yesterday when I sent my video. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty. It's very nice. I think it was, I was thinking about step by the zirlid because when me and Ron was in Feebo. I don't know why I was thinking this from before I go in the shallow, by the way. I think you're talking about everyone. I'll do this whole thing. I'll do this whole thing. Yeah. And I thought, fuck, I think Ron actually likes coffee just as much as me. And then his habit in step was really lucky to be inside. Did we just become that strange? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Funny what he was. Coffee was equally important to both of us. I do remember that. Very important. Coffee is lost. Yes. And you said, well, just to go. Yeah. I need to sample some of those with you. Oh, we got you. We got you covered here shortly. Are you when you're next trip to the States? It's in two weeks on Wednesday, pretty good. Okay. I was very fine if that was the if you. I saw him like so you've got to make that trip for like a short little. I mean, I just seen you travel in this far to see me, but like you got to see Ron also. It's just kind of washes, you know. I think it makes a lot sense. Oh, yeah. And I get to see Melos in person. So that would be very beneficial, I think. Oh, that would be very cool too. Well, it's a mention. I get to see certain people, you know, that I like to catch it with. Yeah. I don't want to name it. Well, it's a bit Jim. I don't know what that is. It's a certain trip a lot to become a knowledge because it's only a trip. What you know, the trip is acceptable. Yes. Yes. We're doing a little. We're doing a little. You can get together. That's a thing. We're doing some videos. Yeah. We don't have anything current of any of us training together. So like I did some footage on my own. Jamie's done someone has own Ron. Obviously does all the time. So, uh, Dreia is joining. So it's going to be a good time. We're going to get all of us together and do some footage. Hopefully she doesn't kill any of us. And then we'll be good to go. Just don't treat legs with her. You'll be okay. You know that's exactly what I want to do. Right. Like I've already decided. Like, well, if this is what I'm going to die, that's fine. I just want to know what it's like. Yeah. I think that that Nick Abroso Sprouts as well. Shoot that crazy. Yeah. We, we, we, we, we learn that at a dinner at the Arnold Scott. Uh, she's very protective of Brussels Sprouts. No kidding. I had all food groups that's the, the Brussels Sprouts. I'm not just food. I took her wallet. She didn't say shit. Took one Brussels Sprouts. That's stabbed with a fork. It was, it was a scene. You know, it was insanity. So, but I'm actually looking forward to it. And I've got, uh, this weekend going to Phoenix for, uh, a show, which is a one day thing. But then, of course, staying there for a few days to cause a ruckus and train a little stop and grounds and whatnot. May or may not be getting eight hours of ink done. I don't know. Can't say for sure. But yes, I'll part of the trip. I am full of questions about your cigar stuff, Dusty. What's going on with this? Tell us about this. So, cigar podcast, I saw. I don't know if you guys saw that story. He put up. No. Yeah. So, as with everything, I do. I tend to ease into things and just, you know, weighed my way in. So, I'm five months into smoking cigars, so I decided, I need a podcast. That's really, yeah. And so, we, we actually hired a production company to do it right. And it's going to be pretty sick. Basically, the, the thought process is simple. When I got into cigars, I started looking at podcasts and things. And it's a bunch of like, you know, obviously experienced people, but they're really proud of, you know, their flavors. Oh, like, a tinge of Huckleberry. And there's a little burnt, a little, I might fuck you. You don't taste all that shit. Like, it's annoying to me. So, we're doing what we're doing is Nicky and I are on there. As two people that are just kind of beginning sharing the process. Because I feel like in all sports and things like wrongs actually the first to really do it that I've seen where right when you got back into flat land, he started posting about it. You know, and putting it out there where people tend to weight five years deep and be experts. And then they're like, oh, yeah, I started doing this by the way. And I'm phenomenal. So, we're kind of sharing the beginning and just kind of the learning process. And then a friend of mine, who is wrongs alter, I shouldn't even alter you. It's like the same person with a different body, Rob, as it would be. I have him on the show because he's actually an expert on cigars and stuff. So, that way there is someone who actually knows they're asked from a whole underground on the show. And then every week, we're being a guest. And what we're doing is, purpose of being in people of all different levels of experience, but also all different, you know, professions and financial areas and kind of showing what it's about. And that was the cool thing I found with this is you go into a cigar bar and I've met a lot of cool people. I don't call them friends because I don't like friends. But people I know and I've met some really cool ass people. And again, it's like, you know, I've met some people who are like very blue collar. And just that's where they put their money and then people that are very well off. And obviously that's just a tinge of their cash playing in the cigar world. And I actually already locked down a first sponsorship Scott. So yes, good job. It's all good. Yes. So I got FoxCigar.com helping me out and also giving anybody who when they go through it and like buy an order from even if it's like two or three sticks. All you have to do is in the comments mentioned my name and they'll give a little gift packs and with it. So whether it's free sticks, free lighters, you know, stuff like that. So pretty cool. I feel like one of my kids are growing up right before my eyes. Right now. It's a magic moment. I have to say listen. So there's different arcs that you can use for anything like, like we'll say for a podcast. And one of them is, you know, being the expert and I'm coming to you to disseminate all of this great education. So tuning in and get that. But then there's also the arc that is I'm the newcomer and we are going to learn together. And I think that's a really good route to go. And that's exactly what you're doing. So it's like a perfect setup. Yeah. It's good to be enjoyable. And it's fun because what we're doing is that we review one stick every episode. Nice. But it's cool because obviously my review is pretty, you know, I could taste like two things typically. And then you turn over to Rob and I'm like, oh, well, we're even smoking the same thing. Yeah. So pretty cool. But we're enjoying it. It's getting a lot of good feedback already. So and the big thing wrong, which you could definitely get is it's grounding. Like when you're crazy busy with work and everything like that's, I imagine it's much like what playing the guitars and the bass do for you. It's like it forces you to slow down because it takes an hour plus to smoke a cigar. And you're just kind of end up in the moment. There's been a couple of times where I've almost left the cigar warrant for got my film there because you're not on it. So you're just like, oh, I got to go and go shit. I guess you probably bring that with me. But it's definitely been helpful because I walk out of there usually with 10,000 ideas to implement one including being starting a new podcast after five whole months of experience. Nice. I love it. I also enjoyed that got some haters already. So let's go to had some really common the other day. And I knew I made it because I was shared on a cigar page. And they got somebody commented on it and they were like, I said something in fact of, I'm a cigar whatever something likes to guys. And they got to go, you have for like two months and I was so happy because I'm like, I've already knows my name. Yeah. People already hate me. This is fantastic. You know, I'm just getting started. You're going to really hate me soon. Send me the link to that in guys. Anybody watching right now on YouTube, the link will be below below. So after you don't watch in this go click on that. Awesome. Appreciate you. Scott. That's awesome. That's awesome. I'm excited. Does the even mentioned having me on as a guest? Yes. It's like a total rookie and like smoking my first cigar in a cigar bar. You know, I was kind of really thinking he would smoke a cigar and then Rob and Ron would just go off on a tangent. Who knows where would go? Well, you know, he's so much like you like to give an idea. We went to, so we had a conversation one night. And he, he likes to feel like he is, you know, a bit of a classy individual. I mean, that yes, that's so beautiful. And so we have to go to a dinner to play tonight's day. And we took a picture that was a king on the wall, right? At this bar and he goes, Oh, King Henry VIII. And I'm like, Why do you know that? That's totally around the roof right there. Yeah, like he immediately would. And then broke it down. He's like, Oh, yeah, he was known for being a man. More get six wives. I'm like, Why, why do you know that's that's that's a wrong thing. Ron probably knows that too. He's a guess six. The second was a. Well, I hope show the rest of my good. I believe that they now think that he had syphilis. And that's why he was killing off his wives and going insane was because back then they just thought You were a crazy old king. But now they think that it was probably syphilis. That's what happens is you just get dementia. Just fucking your brain to see eats itself. So, um, so yeah, plus they were drinking out of lead goblets. So they all would give themselves a fucking lead poisoning. And they all just fucking lose it. That's why there's so many crazy fucking kings. You see what's happening right now, Scott, right? I mean, just a more you know. You knew that. I was like, Yes, he like I said, put them together. I'm going to get out of the way. And I'm going to be on the clock and the check at the end of the set. I've got to go back and check everything I just said because I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. So I'm watching this. I'm watching this. Good stuff. No, no, you know, good how it goes. So Jamie, we have to mention, um, this is your first time back on the show since you signed with mutant. So welcome to the mutant team, you know, and, um, immune is actually sponsoring the show now. So we're really happy about that. So yeah, I heard that on a really separate source. Yeah, yeah, you know, but you were already booked. This isn't even a play. I've got even a marketing play. You know, you're already booked anyways. So, uh, you're we're we're we're looking forward to, um, Arnold UK. Is that still the plan? 100%. Yeah, 100%. I'm doing it's only before though, which is six weeks away. And then it, um, Arnold is eight. Nice. But I've run out before test the waters. How long are you going out there for like to Italy? Wednesday, come back Monday, uh, shows on Sunday. So I've probably like you guys, and like to get there early. If they're just to get settled and I'm going to get the food in, get trained, get the water off and epidays. Yeah. How far do you like, like, flight for you? I think it's like two, three hours max. It's only a short fucker. Nice. Yeah. Well, I still have one at understand people who, they're trepid out on a Friday. And then go straight to registration. Sleep and compete. Not sub that. Yeah. No. And with you, I always was if the show was Saturday, Wednesday was the latest. I would come in. Yeah. Plus for me, obviously, you guys have all been around partners in prep. In the last stages, you're absolutely useless. Right. And you all you do is annoy each other. So if I could have gone the Monday. Right. And I'm sure she'd love it as well. So the Wednesday's a nice meeting the middle thing. Right. I feel I always tried to keep it to a minimum. I like, I was never a go Monday guy. That was way too long. Yeah. I was like, can I get their Wednesday night? Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Really early Thursday or something. I don't know. I won't always try to push it a bit. But yeah, you need a few days. I think it's nice to have a comfort of prep and train in and food. There's as long as possible. True. And then you've got to find that balance out of it in between getting there and thinking, Oh, shit. I've got to eat late. Now I'm in a rush and I don't know where food is and blah, blah, blah. Yeah, but it's a sense of your question. Pretts going well. It starts slow. And I think it was all because it's off the back of. Let's rewind to when I met you guys in Ohio in Mark. Right. Like that time I was 343 p.c. and I felt good. But actually from there, I just fucking fell off a cliff. So the point where when I went to Feebo, I think I was in the three thirties. Mid three thirties. But I just come off cycle. And Mila said, right, we didn't a lot of shows this year. So credit to him. We need a minimum of a 10 weeks off cycle, which was 250 milligrams of test a week. And then in today's values, they're like TRT plus, right? This was near. Near enough real TRT. And for ten weeks, and I'd never had ten weeks off cycle for as long as I can remember. It was always 20 weeks, 26 weeks on six weeks off, get blood work, jet get back on. Right. Just being honest. So this was the longest period I'd had off. And then at the back end of that, so week eight to ten, I was in Mexico, all inclusive. So I came back three hundred and twenty pounds. Feelin' and looking at what to shit. Right. That was a start of prep. So he took a while for the drugs to get in the system. And for me just to get mentally switched on and get the routine back in order. I'd say, here's a bit of drag for about six weeks. And then you start questioning shit. How much to hold for this? Like this is a thing to change like up here. I've got what it takes still. And all these questions kind of cascaded from being a fucking cycle. Of course. But now I'm very confident that this prep. I mean, that's making it my training partner today. Six weeks out from a show. I've never got six weeks out from a show and thought, fuck, that's gone really quick. I can't even remember prep. It's not dragged at all apart from that first day, as I was getting into it. So maybe that's why when I was in, it was easy and it was exciting and enjoyable. But I'm confident that I'm going to bring the best package this year ever. And I know everyone always says that, but I do genuinely believe that. And I was lucky for it to go into Vegas because Andrew Jack is getting a lot of publicity at the minute. And I know when last time I was in Vegas, I had a photo with him in the airport. And it might have been a good angle, but I made him much smaller. So I wanted to get a retake with both in shape. But I don't know if ever when we go, he might be doing the Texas show or that's deal with there because that's the Texas is a week before. I'm not sure I've not done with the check. Yeah, technically before. Right. So we'll get a few cheeky photos of Andrew. That'll be my way of stirring off a bit of social media. Kaffirpso because he's obviously in the on-outs. Well, I will be joining you guys in Vegas, but about later on in the week. Because I'm actually going to, I actually have to go to the Texas show. All right. I've got three guys doing it. And then, uh, and then I got to go home for a few days. And then I got to come to Vegas and shoot with you guys. Right. And then I got to come home for a few more days. And then I am going to go to Pittsburgh for the North Americans. Nice. Wow. So I've got a really hectic August, like insane August. Yeah. Yeah. And then yeah. So it's going to be crazy. But I'm looking forward to it. It's going to be fun. You know? Yeah. So basically we might miss a few shows guys. There might be a show in there too that we might not be able to get out. Just to heads up. Just to heads up. But you know what we can. You know, you know, of course we will. Of course we will. We'll have to see what's cracking in Vegas. You know, if we got a good department, we could always join the podcast with a cigar. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Perfect. I wanted to ask you Jamie. What's your favorite social media platform or thing to do on social media? And what's your least favorite that you do because you think it's important? I had a few questions about that. That's good question. Well, I got told by my kids and just to probably seconded this Facebook was for old people. So Instagram is like the one I use and then Snapchat. I think I'm I'm admitting I'm told for that. Like plus I think with you know the score. The social media is like a full time job in itself. So I don't know how people manage multiple platforms. And I know Newton wanted us all to do a big push on TikTok. But at this stage when I've been using Instagram and so familiar with the platform and how it all works. And even in that fucking chainsaw the times are right. Right. You then being asked to do a completely brand new thing that you haven't got a follow in and zero engagement. And I think when you've got a platform that is engaging with people. It's almost a turn off when I don't know. The Instagram is the fresh face one pint when you're just walked in the bar and you can have a good look at the girls and you know what you're looking at. A new platform like TikTok is 10 clients. And it's no fucking ghost. You're making a noise. Yeah. What's that? So I made a bad choice. Yeah. I'm an Instagram person. I mean, I think I've really pushing reals at the minutes. I've tried a few reals. I do like doing stories. I've always done stories. And I don't know if you guys have noticed this as well. But I never ever had to advertise for coaching at all. Right. I just had stories on a morning walk. I got a load of engagement loads of like inbox messages. Whatever loads of suns. Whatever reason now, I think obviously it's a class as marketing and advertising. And this is, um, leaving into an income. So I think Instagram is stopping stories from getting out there. Unless you're willing to pay them for promotions and advertising itself. So that's definitely been noticeable. I'm a story of views. If I do too many, just dive off a cliff. Right. I try and keep gender up with the latest trends. And I think it's reals at the minute. So I mean, even posts. I would put a physique shot up and I would get between three and five thousand likes. Any posts that would put it would get a thousand likes. Yeah. And now it's like I put a physique shot when it's getting 700 and I'm thinking fuck. Maybe not a thousand. It should be like three to five. Nothing's changed. Apart from whatever Instagram I did in the background. And we have got no idea or wait to stop it. Yeah. It's a weird time. You have this conversation at home all the time because it's like I don't understand what the benefit is. Um, but actually a friend of mine sent me a clip and Instagram is taking a big enough hit from people with big followings that they're considering altering some of the stuff they're doing back. Yeah. Because it's it's bad enough that a lot of people that I talked to that have a good following. They're looking at going other places or they're just doing less because it's not. They don't see anything from it. And I mean, yeah, the end of the day it is enjoyable. Um, when you can go back and forth with people like I think sometimes a lot of people in the look at social media they think it's all like me me and how can I make money. But it isn't enjoyable to reach across the world and have conversations with people have a similar, um, you know, that like the same things and share this in passion and stuff like that. So when you take that away, your engagement goes down because you're like, oh yeah. I mean, I used to get on an average like a video post, you know, 20, 25,000 views. Now I get like 7,000. And it's you know, so it's definitely it's enough. But I'm happy to hear because I'll have to send you guys the clip, but it's actually a conversation piece now because Instagram is taking a hit from the people with big followings. They're like, well, I guess what's going somewhere else because you know, a lot of them that's truly 100% there income. Yeah. So it's your your your links that you put in the stories as well. If you obviously we've all got codes to allow our following to benefit and get discounts. What is that link one. Yeah. If you think it's not, you know, dusty 20 is probably there. Go ahead. I'm not, I'm not doing mine because people follow me or look me that much. I'm going to find out what it is. Hi, Rob. Very English of you. Yeah. Oh, yes. I think if you put the link in your story post, I think just having that link in there. Instagram. Associates that link with sales and stops it from getting out to people. So that is an effect in not just us but our sponsors as well and potentially our contracts. Right. It's a bit of a minefield. I mean, it's one it's what like you said to say, I do. What I enjoy most about Instagram is being able to show people the journey and I know the journey is like a bit corny. But I've always for many years anyway, I've always shown people from my worst to my best. And I wish more top level guys would do that because unfortunately they got a set of down the wrong. Me doing it. But when the guys at the very top top five top 10 Olympians, you don't see many of them doing that. And I think that everyone's like hunter. He does a lot of posts. You see Brandon when he's an oxygen. But rarely in the main they keep themselves themselves and I think as fans of the sport, we would like to see the top guys week to week. But also, and this is a talking point. I know it's sadric. Bless him in his last year. He started doing it. And then they get to feed like he was getting because he wasn't looking his best. Well, that's why people don't do it because it is a mental. Yeah, it's a fuck. Yeah, you actually put your vulnerabilities out there and you know you don't want your best to be shot down. And not have people think waste putting them so far there. So what's the other way, so what's the point in sending it to negative? You know how any good to say that same thing? Well, it's part of the process. And that's why it's good information to put out there because I think that you know, I mean we all train clients as well. And it's something I run into, especially with the younger guys because you know when when you're starting out, you're definitely going to get them a little softer than you do now because it's just like, we just need as much muscle as possible. And if the fat lands on you, I'm not really worried about it. And it's a fight that I have on the regular because they're like, well, you know, I don't, the top guys don't do that. I'll go show them, you know, old back when everybody was guest-posing on a time. Jay and Ronnie pictures and I'm like, he's doing a joke. He's bloated out of their mind because they were getting big. But now we don't share it. You just, you just hide or you let your career take a dip because financially, if you're not a top seven guy, it's actually more valuable to look pretty on social media than the game that the reaction pounds a muscle you could if you got softer, you know, or like you said, when you're coming off, it's, I do wish that more people would do that because it's. You're lying to people. I remember the first time it happened to me. I was, I was bodybuilding maybe four years and a guy came over a friend of my wife at the time. And I'm in the house and I had my shirt off whatever and it was dead off season. I was, I don't know if I'd ever taken anything yet. So I was soft and the guy was like, oh, I thought you were a bodybuilder. Because in their head the average person thinks a bodybuilder's peeled all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't offended. I just realized like he doesn't know that, you know, the majority of our life is this version and the side they see is the magazine, you know, when you're peered. I enjoy the game as well. I see social media as a game, especially when you compete. Because I know everyone's so hung up on bodyweight, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. I know. Let's say let's say I'm three ten but on the post I say three twenty five. And I'm six weeks out from a show. Well, they don't have a thinking shit. I'm like 50 pounds away from that. But also the caveat to that is I know I look my worst on a picture of video. It's when I look at my best in real life. So although the weight is going to like immediately probably think, oh fuck, they're going to take that. It's not shit. I know when it's next to him, it's going to be different again. And I would prefer to look better in person and people say, oh, fuck, you know, you're bigger in real life than if someone, these guys look huge on social media, see me in real life. You know, I'm the rest of you. They left it with the filters. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. You fit right in at the booth man like I still remember when he just come and hung out at the Arnold. You weren't signed yet. And you know, people were just walking up and they're like, oh yeah. Like they were literally saying like, oh, like he's obviously on the team. Yeah. Yeah. He's obviously on the team. It's good much. Yeah. Yeah. But it's the type of thing that you know, you're right. You have to see like certain big guys in person. You know, like I remember, I remember seeing Gunter when he was big. You know, and I mean, I was in my 20s. So I was like, holy fuck. You know, it was just six foot two. He was just fucking massive. You know, and you know, meet other pros. You know, like the first pro I ever met was Lila Brada. When I was shocked it, I was shocked how small he was. And I was a snott Knows kid and I still thought he was small. Right. And then he, and then of course he took the sweater off and it was fucking crazy. But yeah. But it's a you have that in person, like, you know, when you stand next to guys on stage, you see the frame size difference. So how do you, how do you feel you can improve the way you show your physique this year compared to your last showing what what are the improvements going to be. One of them is practicing how I show my physique. That's a big one. And milasses are stickless opposing, you know, some of the voice notes he sent me back to my check-ins. So just like, comic or ripping me to bits. And Jamie, you want to fuck his this. Oh, but I've got a guy I'm working with my routine. So that's going to be like nailed on. And I've always winged it. And at the end of the day, it's our profession. So routines of routines. I know they're not judged. So people can wing it. Okay, but the mandatries, where we're judged and obviously we're all different shapes and sizes. We've all got different angles and ways to show up half as easy to express capabilities. It's something I've never ever pointing off time into. So this year I'm working with a guy called Joey Belt from Vegas, actually. Met him in the Dragon's Leone, who's there. He's have a little bit of some posing. And I'm just drilling everyday morning postwork out. So I'll be very accomplished at presentation. And I think that'll be the best changes I'll make because I'll be able to show case what I've got a lot better. But now that I do believe in you, probably agree that the more you pose, I think the more detail it can bring out as well. Or for sure. Yeah, you just get so much, so much better at controlling everything. You know, do you have a, here's one pose I always I was liked for a tall guy like you, the three quarter twisting back double. You know what, I've tried it for my left arm. I don't think it's flexible enough. It's like doesn't turn out as much as I wanted to. So on my late, it seems to have been real today. I did one where I kept this back on straight. Instead of like, you know, curling down. So I fell in love with you. Okay, cool. I'll have a look at that. That's a cool shot too. Remember when you used to do that, one variation for the man? Yeah, yeah, you kind of had that shot too, didn't he? Yeah, I loved it. That was a great shot. Yeah, I like how you go into it. You know, you're like kind of swing around and going to it. It looks really good. But then you've got this, I just think it's in mobile this left arm. The massage guy needs to do this. I just drill it until it starts to move. Right, right. Get a rinse, something loose. What about what about, uh, body weight compared to last show? So I said I came off holiday at 320 and this is a good talking point, actually, because I think a lot of people, you're probably in two camps. You've got some guys that drop a ton of weight. And then you've got guys that seem to like hover around and re-compen and don't end it, drop in a lot of weight all. And luckily I fit into the second camp because I started my prepping 320. So gosh, we're talking in like eight to ten weeks. So I forget how long it is now. But I'm three eleven this morning. Right. I'm nine, nine pounds down. But just worlds of difference. And I'll probably finish up about 300. Last time I was 29, 295 on stage. And it's not because I'm chasing 300 as at number. I just know in my head six weeks, I'll probably drop a bit. Something of going will recomp, or drop a bit. Something of change will recomp. You know, the miller says got me taken. This is a bit of a secret source. We take, we only take Halo for the last two weeks. My pro, it got Halo for the last four weeks. I was like, okay, this is new. We'll see how this pans out. Apart from being just extra angry. It's the only drug I've ever taken that made me angry as hell. You're driving to a minimum. Yeah, definitely. I have to lock myself in the shed, I think. Why can't I any harm? Yeah, just try to be a good neighbor just a few more weeks. You know, it's been, it's been times where I've been tested. How made it free so far? How long have you worked with me, Lo's far now? So, I started working with this time in November, but I first worked with them in 2015. And I was working for about two years. What's it like being a client of his? I've seen, I'm sure, everybody listed in his too. He's done a lot of really cool content and helped share a lot of education. I'd be curious to know what it'd be like to be one of his clients. Yeah, it's good. He's extremely passionate about what he does. And I think as a client, that's what you want. You want to build the energy. You want to feel that your coach actually bothered and he gives a shit. And the obviously does. It's quite clear. But with 11 of knowledge that he has, and I know people have differences with opinions on certain protocols he would advise. I think everything's running perfect for the minute. Say that. He's not put me on no carbs yet. Well, that happens. I'll probably say different. What changes has he made to your training? Right. So, good question to Steve, because obviously he loves the giant sets. And I have a private gym. So I have the ability to do giant sets. Should I wish? I did giant sets for a large part of my early off season when I was like three, three, four is fuck was that hardcore on the heart? I was leaving out my ass. And I just, someone say that giant sets would be one suit for prep because the output sort, you know, you probably get in shape quicker. But through training like that and analyzing it, I just think it's too much volume to maintain a level of load and intensity. Very good. So what we're doing now, I mean, a training partner, he was an actual, absolutely animal guard, I'm going to give him a shout out, Swinna, you crazy bastard. You nearly killed me on Saturday doing legs. I don't know whether to laugh, cry or punch him. Oh yeah. I just smiled. I did something different. So we kind of just do in a standard style of training in the sense that we'll choose one exercise at a time. But we'll just go heavy, high volume. So I'll be some super set, so we're some drop sets. And I like to call it, what's the heavy duty, low volume high intensity? This is high volume high intensity. Just by far. All of it. Yeah, all of it. Yeah, best of both foods. And I'm training six times a week. That's a big change because for the past two to three years, I've been drilled in the recovery is key and rest days are more as important as training days, Bobo, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Jamie, what is your profession? This lesson's more, bullshit, what is more? Full of time, full of sessions a week, 20 years. Look at me. Oh, fuck you know, okay. I'll do six days. All right, calm down. Okay, I'll have an arm day and a hamstring day. There. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I train Monday to Saturday and have some days off. And to go on stage, it works perfectly. After you get over that mental aspect of training six days in a row, I think it's more mental than actually physical. That being said, I'm taking my recovery very seriously. And I have got an ice bath. I don't have you've seen that. I know, I haven't seen that. Where's the where that you had one? Yes. Yeah. So this one goes down to two degrees. It's got like a thermostat. You can change the temperature. It was set on five degrees when I got it. I was fucking cold. So I did some research and it said between five and 15 degrees is optimal. A cold shock therapy because all it does is it drops your core body temperature. So if it's a bit cooler or warmer, you just got to stay in a bit longer. You can have to change this a Fahrenheit for the Canadians and Americans. But tap water comes out like 17 degrees centigrade. So when you think fuck that's cold, what five degrees? That's a lot fucking colder. Okay, there's 62 degrees Fahrenheit. Okay. So I put it on 10 degrees. And I was doing 10 minutes at 10 degrees. But then I found shit. I don't feel like again the same recovery benefits. So I was quite back on five degrees. But I was in there. Rest days because it's good before you go to sleep as well because obviously if you imagine you're putting your body under stress. So then your body comes out of that stress and wants to recover and it's like it wants to shut down. Once you go to sleep because I need to repair this what you don't want to be a asshole. So go and go and before bed's a good idea. So 11 PM last night I was in five degrees ice bath for seven minutes before bed's. That's in that 41 degrees. Faire degrees is 41 Fahrenheit for all of you do ask guys out there. Is part of the reason so you're saying it helps you fall asleep. You're saying it's a good time to go to sleep. Is that like part of partially in adrenaline dump too? Like do you have a little bit of like a Yeah, I think so. And I think it's I think it's actually linked to grow form and release as well. So if you do the ice bath and inject GH double-wemming. Oh it was. I love it. Like converting your two I used to 10 I used straight away. Right. Right. Right. I don't just want bigger muscles. I want my hands to grow. That's a much more than the H. I was science people. The science don't judge us. It's a way of taking more GH like in your heads. I'd say the minute it's in time. We use a laboratory like a sponge just really don't every time. I've actually got an infrared sauna in the garage which is where the ice bath is. So my plan was to go ice bath and sauna for the cold and hot. Unfortunately the the sauna's in infrared so it's got panels at the side in the back. There's nothing at the front. So gather ice-draft is still freezing like shivering in the sauna. The sauna's like red hot. So I'll just go in the shower and that warms up after about 10 minutes. Damn. It's good. It's good for mentality. That's why I got it. Because when I was struggling to start a prayer I was like man I need to sort my head out and that facing that because I was going to do it every morning and I did do it every morning when I first got it just to the mental test every day. Because it's easy to get stuff done. Now it's just come down to the rest day so it's like once a week because I've on there. Right. Yeah so that's a lot better. It's interesting the volume you're saying like earlier the amount of training you're doing. It reminds me it was probably a few years ago now. I had a conversation with Branding Curry on one of the shows and you know he'd always been like really good but then he got really really good. You know and he won the Arnold and won the Olympia and I asked him I was like what was the difference? What changed? And he said well you know I'd always listen to all the podcast and listen to everybody say that you had to really let Lass's more and to do you know Lasson to make sure you're recovery blah blah blah and then he said and then he started going to oxygen and he realized that like maybe he's one of those rare people that can do a whole heck of a lot of volume and intensity and that you can make that work and that kind of sounds like what I'm hearing from you too is that you're you're getting the recovery you need like you're able to do that. It might not work for me might not work for some people listening but it sounds like it's working for you. Yeah I think we don't agree that three out three main elements of training load volume and intensity and I think it's just a balance in between the three whatever training style you do you know obviously the heavy duty there's a ton of fucking load just going to create more stress without as much volume which may require you to have more rest to recover. Well again when you set your split up a certain way you can actively recover while you train with the body parts and there's definitely a way and I do think mentally because of the narrative that has been pushed on us to have the push to legs and less is more we just naturally fall into that more so they're naturally feeling out what's best for ourselves. I personally myself was never a fan of push pole legs. I'm not a high volume guy and I just felt like it was not enough volume. Obviously there's the frequency is increased but I was never a fan of push pole legs and a lot of people loved it for certain reasons but I needed at least a four day you know or a five day later on a you know. So do you have a minute as well? There's a six day split like you have six different days and then a rest day. Yeah so back Monday just choose day it's Quad Wednesday showed us Thursday just again Friday with some arms and then it's hamstrings on Saturday and what it says a big thing for me with the push pole legs was that was an alternate in splits of every week I had a different fucking rest day which I mean is just nightmare because I can't plan shit. I like to plan so having a set day split works to me great. So arms arms don't even have their own day there's some chest on that day. Yeah but Monday choose day by sets of back try sets of perfect. So I'm hitting them twice a week. Okay so chest and arms twice a week. Yeah because we analyse at the start of this prayer maybe it's because I'm 36 now but I actually developed or maybe it's just because I listened to for like too much. Developed some cheeseburger tips. So we need a to train them to it twice a week. I love the good name again again. Oh man I don't know what to say to that. Like I'm from cheeseburger tips to 2% turkey pace and I'll back there you go. There we go. That's hilarious. Well man when you were on your when you were TRT basically for that 10 weeks what did you alter with your training? I still tried train six times a week. I definitely noticed recovery impact but that's actually when I think we stopped doing the giant sets and thought we need to just tweak this a little bit. So I think the volume dropped. And if I did feel trash I would just take an extra rest day. So some weeks I would train five times not six. I think that's the main thing isn't we just got a really monetary recovery more. So when we've not got the extra cellular influences. Well the the reason I brought that up those because and I'm curious all of your guys is feedback with clients. I run new an issue where so when I was coming up I had a guy that knew his shit that was a pro buy with I listened to and really nothing else. Like I'd go online but it was purely for entertainment and that was it. Now times I have a lot of clients who have way too much information at their fingertips and they don't know the application to them. So they'll come to me with suggestions. Things that they are sure we need to change. I just had one last week a long time client and it worked out really well because we had a conversation he was sure that we needed to change the training and this and that and I said I think a training like a pussy. In fact I'm sure of it. And he was like no no it's you know trust me and you know we just kept having the cars and we're on phones like 30 minutes and I don't do phone calls very often. They sent me some videos and he you know to his credit immediately was like I'm training like bitch. And that was the first step now. The key here is I don't dismiss what they think because you can't ignore their body and how they're feeling but I said all right now let's run what you're thinking which he wanted to go to just a bro split very basic I said cool let's do that but I need to keep seeing videos because I need to see the training like this with that alteration we'll decide you know because yeah I feel like that's a dangerous own like you said about the balance between the three yeah if the intensity is shit the other two things are almost whatever yeah I mean nothing you know so it's a weird thing that I struggle with online because it is odd to me you know I'll watch videos of you know any of the top guys they're training and I'll see someone post a video and tag them and I'm like how do you think that that looks like the same thing I know yeah and I'm not talking about the weight because that's I try to drive that home like I don't give a fuck how much weight you're using but the intensity is not what these guys are doing and I remember I'm sure you guys remember this but Luke went off one time on and show with who had he's like we are not doing the same thing you and I he meant like to the audience you know and I thought that was such a strong point he's leading you know I can see that though I like you notice how dusty he said he was like and he watched it you know we talked and then he realized that he was training like a bitch and that was first step it's like that's like dusty the first you the first step to admitting that you train like a or what it would be the first step to fixing and admit that you train like a bitch right right we know what it was was we're having a conversation which was really good he said I think we need you know the workouts too long he's like I'll be 30 minutes into a workout and I'm starting to check out and I'm thinking about leaving and I'm like that's your brain dude 30 minutes yeah you know no way like you know and you know me wrong like I am a low volume guy but that's just a decision because I think people have to factor in that 30 minutes how many minutes were you actually under your high loads four and a half yeah five yeah yeah yeah it's funny because I was talking to one of the guys that I help out at the gym and I remembered you know sometimes when you're talking you trigger like things that you haven't thought of in a long time and I remembered the first time like I was one of the very first times I was at the gym and I remember the guy spotting me making me do four straps right like I was like 14 and I'm training with you know these two kids that are like a little bit older than me and they're like making me do four straps because they learned off their dads and their dad and four straps and like you know you'd lift the bar and drop it on the guy like you want more like you know you force a couple reps and then you'd give him a heavy spot and make him do the negative right and then you'd lift it up and rack it and that was like how we benched and I was like at 14 I was taught that right off the bat that you benched though you can't and then your spotter helps you and then he makes it even worse and then they rack it you know that was just so that was translated to everything that we did and you know obviously you know not saying it's the optimal way to always train but at least your default is train fucking hard and that's that's what that's what you have to have that there's a lot of ways you can kind of get away with some other stuff if you just train real hard you know and obviously there's the best way for you but you might never totally nail that down but one thing for sure you know you know it's worth those I find that people have this because there's so much information out there and there's so much fear of you know overtraining or under you know there's just so much like it's the same thing where you you must have this intro workout where your legs will fall off and all this shit and I always had a weird mentality once I once I learned how train which was I won't know where the line isn't until I cross it yeah until I do too much and my body tells me that was too much fuck off then I'm like okay now I know where the lines I feel like most people never even approach that line and they can't maximize and really figure that out wrong because you're right you you have to you do have to you it is what works for you but you can't know that unless you're trained that way because to me intensity is is the first of the three and because that's like to me that the non-negotiable the intensity should be through the roof now will decide the frequency and the volume based off of that and how your body responds but I don't think there's ever a point where I'm like yeah I know it's fine trans 70% intensity all off season I'm sure you're going to grow yeah the middle off did say during the ten week phase he was very adamant about saying you still train all out and all out means you know both to the wall and if you focus then we rest it's ball down yeah and question because my view is in prep the goals kind of shift right from obviously building muscle to very fact one thing I've come across a lot recently is this we have the preserve muscle in a prep that's for the drugs of all of you all these bodies of your hands of tablets and things that we put in our bodies are going to do that for us so working hards yeah and I just think the work right and again the intensity is lacking in a lot of people and whatever it's because there's too much information out there again I like the old saying paralysis, pinealities you got clients had just spinning around like fucking something out total recall um I just think it's been lots of me I do the stem master postwork out 20 minutes people are messaging me saying on your legs gonna fade away yeah like no because I got a gram of training one another gram of each another but you get my point yeah yeah the training the the the training really really hard I remember one thing Jay Keller said once he said no matter how low his carbs were he always went to the gym to train to get bigger right yeah and so he said that was always his like okay I'm here to get bigger right and that would be what he would tell himself like walking out onto the floor like I'm I'm training to get bigger like that's the only reason I'm here and it could be like two weeks out you know but he's still in an intercom mentality you know so you know that's important and you know keeping your also I always felt like you got to do you got to train real fucking hard because that's how you get that that postwork out calorie burn that sticks around for like 36 hours you know and and you you want to kick that fucker you know you you want you want to get like everything out of it you want to demand recovery of your body is essentially how I sort of thought of it you know like I'll get leaner sleeping if I train real hard today yeah I tell my clients you got to you got to earn your food you got to earn the right to eat I can't even begin to think what I feel like fan of shit session I'm six weeks out postwork out eating nice big bowl of oats that's why I like to eat postwork out I'd feel like I don't know I feel like I've robbed someone like I should be in this not allowed and but the intensity is definitely lacking in the kind of modern day social media bodybuilding worlds and I think it's got the social media but that being said what I find out to believe is why is intensity lacking when there's so much content out there so many crazy people doing training videos showing people intensity they feel like that is a calm and line I literally just over the weekend I put up an extra Q&A for fun and what you said Jamie was actually asked he said if I train legs on Saturday should I skip cardio on Sunday so don't break down the legs and he wasn't like you were just asking and it's like yeah yeah no no because you know the way I looked at it was really simple and I think it's how I look at everything in life I would much rather find out that I did too much chasing a goal than not enough yeah yeah I would hate for somebody said man if you just did a little more you know one versus hey next time cut a back of here yeah yeah you know because I mean you feel like shit during prep no matter what as far as the diet and the cardio and energy so I always felt like well I don't feel better so same thing is like if you have it you know if you randomly have a cheeseburger that you weren't told you could have you don't even feel better it's five minutes or less of flavor yeah and you still feel like shit so why you know it just never made sense to me to leave anything on the table because you know in particularly if you if anything if you're really serious about this I find that most of us kind of get off on it like I used to like be at the very end and hit numbers and even your training partners are looking at you like there's something wrong with you yeah like how can you do that right now you know it's just because I think Ron nailed something of the day that I'd love to talk about with you Jamie's he talked about people worry so much about their pre-workout drink their powder more than their pre-workout routine to get mentally in that place you know for the workout you know what are your thoughts on that with I'm not I'm not hammering the new age of biobib I'm just in general with people since supplements and pre-workouts have become so important have you seen a little of that? Yeah I think people overreliant on supplements and other things I mean I've never met I do like the coffee before I train that's probably a large placebo effect but the the call motivation's dream is still there what I find in pre-workout I don't know if you guys are the same I've got as I go through preppers I get leaner towards the end my training time will be completely in the day yeah because I just want to get it done and then eat and rest and do whatever for the rest of the day having the anxiety of thinking about that session till meal four if I can do it meal two I'm going to do meal two and now people haven't got the ability to do that if they got like set jobs then yeah is this fucking been working all day they're tired but that's when they need a solid goal in place because that goal needs to be bigger than feeling tired and knowing you got a go home and prep your meals and listen those we've all done it we people think we're lucky but they forget that we forged this path through hard work through motor patient I've done night shifts in the fire service and I used to run up and down the stairs in the fire station for my carium it six o'clock in the morning when we got to sleep at work and everybody else was asleep based awake up and run up and down the fucking steps so there's things that I've done that other people when prepared to do what like you said dusty those things for us it's a little switch it's a challenge and I've adopted the Honolal Abraida win the day but I've kind of put a little twist on it that you win the hard days because the easy days don't really count I reckon or do the easy days for the hard days when we do the cardio after legs when we get through the leg session when we're on zero grams of carbs and we're two weeks out when in those hard days is the things that normal people can't do and the ones that get on stage and they're not in shape and they come sick to play so you know that's the things we kind of get off on and it is a bit weird but that sort of makes us kind of what we do at the same time right I love the tie and Rob Bailey talks about that where every morning he likes to get on his treadmill and and I set up something that's going to be brutally hard to do and he said he'll literally be screaming at the treadmill like fuck you you know what I mean because he so pissed these set himself but when he gets done he's like I woke up this morning slay the dragon and now my day is ready and yeah it's almost like and I totally understood it because he applies obviously to business and things but it is the same which is well now what can't I do if the first thing I did was torture myself with something I didn't want to do but chose to do it anyways and made it as hard as humanly possible got done then they rest the day you almost feel bad for because like I'm like it the shit is that see it stories like that does do that make me feel terrible about my morning I sit down my girlfriend hands me a cup of coffee this morning like I hear his coffee and I'm like oh this is thank you check my email there's like you open your own laptop we got to talk about I do I do I try to I try to you know continue to do most of the tasks if you a lot of my own stunts around the house that's great so yeah I feel bad about that now I'm not out sland dragons yeah well you better slay something you're asleep who knows but yeah maybe no I don't know but you're also the late guy always laugh because you'll love this Jamie Ron will send text that are late his time which puts them like four in the morning our time and and like I'll see it come through and I get up in the morning I'm like Ron was still up in like cranking it one in the morning you know so that's why I love what people do to me what's the it's the hard that people think it's hard court like wake up early or like stay up late I'm like it doesn't matter just matters what you get done while you're awake like I do sleep a lot less now like I used to always I mean when I was big I would sleep you know eight to 10 hours every single night or I'd sleep eight hours and take an hour nap but now I sleep like seven hours maybe I get like 20 minute nap so it's like it's enough that I noticed it I definitely don't sleep as much as I used to so but I'm busy here true now good thing his his body smaller and his wall it's bigger you know I'm saying yeah well hey you're gonna get smaller you want to want something to get bigger you know what's what's what's Jamie doing now at this point of the like how how normal are you now like are you still you know watching the same amount of television or are you like watching way more now because you're prep brain no way less or you're certain to buy stuff on amazon every fucking day like what's going on did you buy new car yet I'm not prep not yeah no not yeah I bought new kind of February so I can't get rid of it well thanks well though I did go to the Libyan W and shop whatever it's pretty cool and I saw an x6 m and I was like oh that's nice give it to people have been telling me I need a bigger car the m3 is quite small did you have them run the numbers I didn't even dare I didn't do that don't go back for nine weeks that's that's a little protective measure for you right now to be fair the spending is calm down because I're listening to an audio book and I make a bad dream about and I've reached out to poor dad I don't know you've heard of it oh yes obviously teaching about money and how to manage money and understanding money a lot better and it made a lot of sense so I'm now considering and just I know you're on big into business so you know as I come saying but and I'm considering what assets I've got what liabilities I've got and I've realized I've got far too many liabilities of nine of assets that's a it's a beautiful thing when you figure that one out yeah so the spending's calm down and I have actually been well the spending's been calm down on certain fronts and I know Ron will agree with me on this one I've been pumping a little bit of money into crypto so yeah the market's a low so I've been spreading a bit across and doing a lot of reading on YouTube and not reading bloody listen to videos and just on finance financial stuff and listen to all these leading financial people in the world just get a motivation from then there's always something in prep is another you tend to go to and watch it's been food videos like Paul Hollywood's got a great series where he travels the world or food places it's like prep porn right right well then it is financial stuff sounds it's really good to do something different and interesting well I find that I am a daytime person I train come around this time six o'clock five six o'clock I can be dead man walking like that's me done for the day I'm done I've got no concentration no kind of attention span like watching TV with a myth this is just I just annoy it because I'm like so I'm coming here I've got the PS5 I bought a game called Final Fantasy it's like a a game I've played for like years and so as a young kid and that keeps my attention for a little bit but even that I've been playing for an hour and I'm like oh I've got I'm just bought I'll wait to start the next day and that's what it's like where you want the carbs in real wild finishing is get to bed and start the next day that's where I'm at and nice well I feel good I'm enjoying prep and I definitely not drag in my ass around it's just I think probably a mental thing that once I've done the train you kind of breathe a sigh of relief that's another day ticked off you just want to start the next I had a few questions here for you I'm gonna go back to the well here um what is different about life with a better sponsor versus a not as good sponsor the best sponsor well it's kind of how I'm rewarding their question because it wasn't as friendly. Right okay that can it sounds like it sounds like they've had you know their own bad experiences or whatever yeah so wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't be surprised well I was thinking about this. Let's tell the tell bad stories tell some bad stories it's what I'm asking you quickly realise when you have met them you will second and third this then ever scots tasted any of the I so surge or the aminos. What I found over the years is because obviously the prices of raw materials has gone up yeah people are trying to save money and keep their profit margins big and you do find that a lot of the products out there now just taste chemically I think I've some some weird taste to them and they just taste off. I'm not just saying it's some sponsored because like I say you're second and third this but the the products are mutant taste the best I've ever tasted like products the I so surge I'm not really a fan of strawberry protein but that strawberry way. I'm like oh yes. 80 you stay there darling I'm taking this over sex any day. a minute a minute a minute a minute I've I've really liked the flavorings and that goes for the aminos know it's an edge off so the quality comes through in the taste I think that's a dead give away when something's been cheap and down with the Chinese hair scrapings or sweepings whatever you want to put in you I mean you know that's a good bird feathers yeah yeah it's nice to work for a company that I have a solid infrastructure as well you know really George blessing sorts out the trips and the invoice in and when we go to play flat feed out and we're going to Vegas you just know that you're going to be looked after pointing the right direction that water that to sleep in flat swords yes it's it's a nice experience all right. How does that sort of you know just you know stability help with your mentality going into the show? It's very helpful because I mean you know that you've got a company that is wanting you to do as best as you can as an athlete not just wanting in there kind of two cents from you and sticking you want to stand and making you kind of earn the money that way and one of the big things that I've stood with me early on as well as at the feebo George said to me Jamie we're coming to the Arnold's but you're competing you do what you can I mean you can't understand you can't come and understand stone don't worry about it concentrate on the show and that is a massive thing because it is a stressful time isn't when you're in prep you those last few days out you're thinking I just need to rest now and get ready for the show and the thought of standing upon your feet for fucking six hours is quite daunting that's why I've never understood why they do the Olympic in Greek the night before the Olympic or it seems mad or obviously it's um for for for reasons obviously for fans and what I've runes I'm going to put into the big boys at the top do it the the the the the the the the the the morning after what going back to that you just it puts you at ease push it ease a lot it's it's a solid company it's been around for ages I can't make comes Canada to have a look and meet Jim's new robot yeah yeah yeah let's see one thousand plus twenty one welcome to the AI yes I need to train your Jim yes and we talked about getting you up to my Jim for sure yeah yeah we got we got solid team I mean you you guys have been reviewing for a long time so you're more of us to answer the question of how good a brand they are I guess well I'll be anything say good things you know I was going to tell you Jamie that happened to me one year I was dieting um Ron may not remember this part but I was dieting and we were I went to Feebo and I want to say that's about six weeks out for Michelle we got a Feebo and on the way back I'm flying through Chicago then to Phoenix and I hit the ground in Chicago my flights delayed and it's late at night right so my God whatever I go to go eat a meal find a place there's just sit down to eat a meal I eat the meal and now my flights canceled and it's like one in the morning my flights canceled and I glance and I just see the line to very much how I figure out the flight information and I was like son of a bitch here we go yeah and I go to walk down there and also my phone rings and I look down I don't recognize the number but I'm out picking up my answer the phone and it was actually the lady who does the flights from you and what's her name around you remember? Tammy Tammy she calls me and says hey dusty your flight just got canceled you're this is your new flight information go downstairs you're going to exit out the front there's going to be a guy waiting for you he's taking you to your hotel you're going to have a lot of hours to sleep and then he's going to pick you up in the morning and take you back it was like that's so cool holy shit I mean all the stress that was it was accumulating as I walked over this line was immediately gone I literally walked downstairs with a guy standing with a sign got in the car went to the hotel slept came back the next morning and it was it was seamless and I'm just like yeah okay I would have been there for two plus hours just working that out and then it would have been a question mark of what flight was available because so many flights were canceled I had the first flight out the next day and seamless I should remember I was like okay this is another level yeah you know I think you can only get out of the company it's got experience and time behind them because that's the kind of shit these new companies have to find out and unfortunately when you're an athlete with a newer company you you find out yeah exactly it's a breath of fresh air as a you know I would say older body build and out 36 finally get on some goddamn respect yeah and then the dumbest feet cheers is wrong thanks Jim it's it's how does it also help you and you know this isn't about mutant this is just about you know accumulating sponsors you know you think you know certain sponsors aren't going to align with other sponsors and stuff so obviously it's it's good to be with kind of a hard core brand because you know there's certain other brands of an align well with that does that play on your mind when you market yourself yeah I mean obviously when when that you're the onwards I was went back and spoke to the missy sit at night time I remember speaking so and I just I said to us as mutant and the giant it's got a good feel you know I read it all it goes well together like you say when it then when you potentially meet other sponsors well James with a solid company it definitely raises the respect and the confidence that they have in you yeah I mean I think obviously I've not competed with mutant yet so I think a lot of exposure will come from this next however many weeks I mean plan is to do as many shows as I can which will lead me up to the last show of the year which is Romania in November so that's a planning principle we all know these things can change and then obviously their limppers in December but we all know as athletes when you're competing when you're in shape it's great time to get yourself out there and get exposure if you're not just myself for the brand as well and that's where you get eyes of other people of responses so I think that's all yet to kind of come have you started shooting with Rebecca Andrews yet not yet Thursday Thursday so Rebecca Andrews is doing what is it six part five part I can't remember five or six yeah for the 30 on who doesn't it yeah yeah she's doing like a prep series on Jamie oh that doesn't look good work or work is awesome yeah yeah yeah so and as far as I know they just sort of told her to just make it yeah she's she's well up for she didn't mess with me some ideas um she's asking I like right away and her anything no she she she what is asking you straight away Jamie do you go in the ice bath on training days I was like no Rebecca will say that one for next time oh she where it is oh she where it is yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you got a cool house in there yeah yeah yeah yeah give me a good mature yeah we got to give us a tour and just a dog you know come on now yeah yeah oh the well the dogs are the dogs are incredible yeah everyone loves the dogs of course do you get the big guy little dog saying when you walk your dogs people crack jokes about that yeah but they're probably sites themselves not a lot people say it's my thing yeah well I'm definitely losing some size then because I get the odd person to say it to me they're like over big guy like you a little dog so I usually say well hey I can only afford so much food yeah that's what I say you know I just hope to say if you need a big dog to protect you that's your business but I can handle myself right right right okay well Jamie um thanks for coming on the show man we appreciate your time pleasure absolutely yeah it's gonna be a lot of fun senior in Vegas yeah and I can't wait to see how you look because I know you're coming in quick well Andre but I'll be scared I'm telling you we'll have some fun I told you I saw a little sprouts I told you flex Lewis we were coming we're all gonna film the dragons there and he's excited about it so it's gonna be a good time so we'll see you there soon and then I get to see again at the hour you can at the end of September yes I think um I will most likely come on the stand on the Friday because it shows on the Sunday right so Friday and then I'll rest on the saturday and show you what I'm made of on the Sunday here we go does see are you coming to that I think so but nothing I mean okay you know how it works we get all pinned but yeah I can now they're they're not against me for not being jab so we're good to go all right right okay okay okay sounds good okay Jamie thanks remember everybody like share subscribe comment and ring the bell Jamie the giant follow him on what is it aka aka the giant not not aka the giant this people think yes some people will get that hey aka also known as the giant they haven't watched enough 80s gangster movies yeah it's obvious you know they're saying okay okay thanks Jamie awesome guys thank you very much yeah let's go