I mean, the moment here we go, boom. History. History. What do you think when you see that photo? I mean, listen, man, it's, I never imagined being one of the greatest poses of all time. I mean, it was just those, goes by proudly spines. They went crazy for the striations. And you know, I look at all the leg development. You know, look at the plaats and you look at, you know, big ramen. I mean, people that have the crazy wheels and tiger. But like the detail in that one quad week, I don't know if it's been rivaled sense, you know, like with the striations, how to head and all that. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm big round part. Low, coho, dusty hand shot. The producer Scott McNally. And of course on today's episode, special guest, four-time Mr. Olympia, business man extraordinaire. And the King of Body Building, Jay Cutler, remember, like share, subscribe comment. Ring the bell. Yes, sir. Okay. Remember, I am mutant.com. Good. I am mutant.com. Get your all in, get your ISO surgeon. Everybody should get on the gear. Dusty 20, big round 20. Okay. Jay Cutler, great to have you, man. Is it good to be home? Way to be back. I actually was out North Carolina this weekend and now I'm heading to Boston, the end of the week for another cover classic. So I'm excited about that. Oh yeah, that's coming up. How many airlines are you like, I got frequent flyer on, you just get, I'm going to mean. I try to stay with the United, you know, that's my chosen airline, but I did American to Charlotte this past weekend and I try to keep it on one just because you get better service, especially when you get stranded. You know, those delayed flights these days. It's good to be great. Yeah. It's nice to be. I've got some Americano to status. So it's nice to get taken care of in those crunch times, you know, see all the, all the peasants getting left behind, you know. So how many airmiles do you do a year? You think, do you even know? It's a great question. I know I have a million with, uh, I've used some, I have a million. Yeah, you're a million man for sure. All right. United for sure. I think American was the same. I think Delta was actually the same back in the day. But, you know, I'm traveling still pretty much every weekend, man. It's, uh, you know, it's kind of a choice. I mean, I love promoting bodybuilding, but we have the opportunity now to travel with all these different events. You know, Feebo, we were just that, you know, Arnold, UK and, you know, these international trips are still the important ones. So I ever had a great, great time and, uh, in Germany. It was probably one of the best Feebo's I think I've done so far. And I guess the why it was, I think just because it's structured now and when you land somewhere, you kind of know what you get into. And I think they had a state set up just right. So, uh, you know, I was standing with Lundsford and Phil was there and Dennis Wolf, William Bonnet, I mean, we're kind of all on the same area. So it's good. I got to, you know, collab with Urs a little bit. We did a training thing and, you know, he's super popular in Germany. So it's great to see I got to catch up with Marcus Rul, which I hadn't seen in a minute. Uh, so it's always great to kind of throw back a little bit to that. And, you know, I was there for the first time in 99. So you can imagine how much has changed. So how much different are these expos, you know, from your perspective, now that, you know, you don't have to, you know, you have all the meals and you don't have to make yourself train that day and you don't have to make yourself go hit cardio in the morning and, you know, as it, you know, as it, you just have a way more fun. I'm, you know, it's this and I don't stop. I did six hours each day and that's by choice. I don't really have a schedule when I book these things. Feeball obviously brings me over there. So I'm there pretty much a whole time. I'm going to stop for a bathroom break. But it is nice not to have to prep the food. I mean, I watched Derek run in and out to kid his meals. And, obviously, he's got a title to defend. So, uh, for myself, it's just a lot easier now to give more time to the fans. And, like, you said, not break to go eat. But at the same time, I still trained every day. I got their Thursday, train Thursday Friday, Saturday, Sunday. We left Monday. Uh, the training is still something that I do not miss. I know Derek was sliding over to Newtak and training at their facility. Um, they'll little make shift gym over there and hal't seven or liver training at the booth. Yeah, he was at the booth training. I mean, that's, that's how big, you know, people that have never been to Feeball. It's, I mean, it's the biggest fitness event there is, right? So, I mean, they had a full. I don't know if you guys got to go all down to the other halls. But, oh, yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, um, migrate my child side to 10 to Hall, which is pretty much supplements and meat and greets. Just because it's hard for me to move around there and get through. So, and I was there pretty much all day every day. So it was good. It was a good event. What's it? What's it like seeing like the old boys now, like, you know, fill and, and Dennis Wolf. And when you know, you know, you're not, you're not going to be jocelyn for, you know, Olympias and all that stuff is it. You guys have more laughs together. Like, what's the vibe like? Yeah, it's, you know, it's good to catch up. I mean, I've been kind of with Phil just because of the promotion of the film. I was in, you know, quite a bit of his doc. He's recent doc at this launch. He's been promoting that like, frees you flying all of the place. But, you know, I got to see Ronnie briefly at breakfast. And I've seen him quite a bit. But, like I said, to be able to mix it up with the guys and, you know, and just be able to spend time and not have like that mindset of like every year. As we roll into this time of year, you know, we get into May now. This is when we'd all go to Pittsburgh. We start posing and then I think our laugh. Our last appearance would be Steve Weinberger's show in, in June, where Ronnie and I, when we were top two, you're going to have to adjust. Oh, so for me, it's just, you know, it's nice to be able to look back and realize the impact that we've made with the great fans. And, you know, everything now is about the fans for me. That's, that's why I travel to these things. It's, it makes it worth it when I come home. I'm more motivated to work out. You know, I'm going to do this whole fifth or fifty one thing like it did the 50 last year. So I'm going to start training in May to get in great shape again for the 50 first and August. I'm excited about that. Let's talk about the lifetime achievement award. I mean, obviously you knew that was eventually going to happen. You know, I mean, it, it, it's going to happen. You guys like you. What, what was that moment like for you? Like, have you had time to reflect on it? Or does it mean much yet? Or, you know, great speech, by the way. But, yeah. I mean, listen to, to get, you can imagine Ron, it might not all of us, like we saw a body building for so long. And, you know, coming from those early years and, you know, watching the terminated two movie in July of 91, which is propelled me into the, I joined the German August like a couple months later for the first time. And that's when I really started making my journey towards body building. And, you know, the history kind of tells us stuff from me. I talked about Chris Isido who came down from Maine just to look at me back in those early days and wrote me out a little structure diet. And, like, I just, when you get that award and you're kind of, I'm up there. And I'm giving thanks to to everyone that helped me create that opportunity. I mean, obviously it's Arnold was the main thing because he offered me that award. But, I just, it's a time to reflect and I kind of put together a few notes. So when I did this speech, I was just like, I was trying to reflect on, okay, what are the trigger points of what my success was? And, and I went all the way back to Worcester Massachusetts to, you know, move into Lisa Viejo California, then to Vegas, and to impact people of Maine, you know, whether it's Ed Parners inviting me to California for the first time, you know, 93. It's been in a month out there training with the best of the best and seeing all the actors and the goals Jim Bennett stays, which was like, or it was just crazy. So, a reflection of everything. And the people that made it possible long side with the fans. And listen, there's a lot of new fans. I mean, I'm doing a ton of media now with whether it's TikTok or Snapchat or whatever YouTube. We even transition now from being magazine guys. So for me, I have to give a lot of thanks to the people that have followed me from the beginning of the journey and you are one wrong, because, you know, you used to always, we were always in touch, but as you were struggling, I mean, you are second place. I don't know how many times, maybe more than me. Yeah. You know, there's just so much reflection, man, and so much thankful moments that you don't realize are really those moments until now you look back. And it's like, it's funny because you wanted to push through and you wanted to be like, all right, let's get this over with whatever, and now you're like, yeah, I didn't really take that moment and I didn't enjoy it, like I probably should have. Right. Yeah. Well, how do you reflect on on your physique now? Like, I remember I asked you how is training going and you said, I got no back now. I've never you said that to me. No, it's so funny because I was just training Friday night. I went up to this gym in North Carolina and I was training with the gym owner. And we were doing back and he kind of was like, okay, what exercise you want to do? And I'm thinking of my head, like, it's so bad to say what I'm like, well, nothing's going to pump my back anyway. So it's like, you know, I don't know, I know, I know dusty, I still training your ass off. But it's not like it was with the food and obviously the substance that, you know, I felt like when I trained back guys, like I'd walk through the gym, like I could just take down the walls, you know, my back. Right. This picture, this video of Derek Lungsford this morning, walk through the gym, you guys see it? Yes, everybody. It threw me back to the time when I guess pose with during the eights. This was 95 in Hawaii. And I remember I was guest posing and I had to stand behind him when he was walking up to the stage and do the back was just, you couldn't even believe it. And honestly, Derek brought me back. I mean, his back is, I mean, is there anything, is there anyone with a better back in the whole business right now than that? No. Yeah. I've, I've noticed a lot in, you know, the, the retirement phase of training, you know, what, what body parts have stayed the easiest and what ones have been the hardest. I still have the size, right? I mean, the chest is still kind of there. The shoulders are gone, the backs on the legs are definitely, I always have a little legs, but it's nothing like it was. I try to show it to you. I still get a good pump, you know, and I gave Nexila and Tim a little angle in that picture that I post on. I Instagram office. Yeah, you were nice. You were very, very nice to them. I would just a point of that actually, like why did you let those guys get so in front, you know, because I stood back for them like, hey, it's their moment, you know, I'm always going to be more, the clogs come guys. So I don't want to take the shine all the time, you know. What about what about your actual function like, do you have any joints that are kind of shot? Do you have anything that you just don't do anymore? Everyone's going to hate me for this. I feel like a million dollars, man. I have no pain. There's no restrictions. I mean, you know, I was a tissue guy. I mean, I've got tons of tons. I mean, countless hours and financial support for my, for my tissue therapy, so they're active release. There are must get therapy at fly over the place. You know, or I see some of the best therapists. And I truly believe that helped a lot. But I still stay pliable. I got up this morning. I did my 30 minutes. I stretch and then I'll go do a weight session. So every day, and I do this seven days a week, guys. I train with weights for an hour, and I do cardio for at least 30 minutes. And then usually I do another cardio session after training. So ideally, I'm trying to drag my weight down a little bit to be truthful and just stay more pliable. Look athletic. I think that's really my goal. If you said, what do I want to look like? It's more of an athlete rather than holy crap. You know, even though I still get that, like you still have, you know, with the arms and everything else. People still. Yeah. Let's, you know, I try to wear a jacket now when I travel just so I don't get as much attention. What does it change? Like 230. 36 yesterday. 236. That's not bad. What did you think you were going to weigh when you're 50? 25. There you go. How close it go. There you go. There you go. Do you think that, um, I mean, we've watched a lot of your training videos. We've reacted to some of your training videos. That's why I'm on here because we're, I was asking, I was surprised. Me, though, it's never watched your podcast. I was highly disappointed at that. We got invited. I know. I know you didn't get them on, but, you know, I brought that up on that color cast. I know you hit me about it. I forgot what I was reacting to one of my old videos. I forget which one it was, but I didn't. We did a couple of years. We did one with a pseudo posing you in your kitchen or in your kitchen. That was kitchen at Old Orchabeech. I drive up there two hours. Literally do the quarter turns eat a meal quick and I drive back down. He'll tell you the stories. Yeah. Yeah. And then we reacted to a 2010 leg workout. It was like 10 days out from the old. Okay. And you're just humongous. You were training with like a whole crew of guys. Yeah. I had a big posse. We have the 99 when you had the headband and the white tights. Oh yeah. And that video because we were explaining to people to be mindful that as crazy as you looked. That was the year you took second to last. Yeah. And I was like, remember everyone stay in school because you don't look like him. And that we took so much heat for that. People were really good. That thing you like we attacked you. I'm like, we really didn't. I had guys tagging us and yelling at us. These bumps talking crap about Jay. Yeah. How many Olympians did you guys win? That was the, yeah. That was the common response. Jay's got a lot of people that have got his back. That is there's no question about it. Well, they sent me that video this morning and he said this would win today. You know, for that. Yeah. Because he's not, he's not that off man. Yeah. That's what, what about the training? I mean, I mean, your training was just, it was just, Yeah. I mean, it was just this, the basic, you know, squatting press and hackin. You know what I mean? And, and do you think it's just out of hand with how complicated people are making it now? Or do you think it's actually an advance that might, you know, produce more better physics? Well, there are some good physics out there and in surprisingly in the men's physique and classic physique. I see some potential. I mean, it's just like we saw a hotion direct limit themselves by doing 212. You know, that's, I wish more 212 guys would definitely cross over. I know Clarita has and, you know, I know Jose did back in the, I even think Flex Lewis might have done an open show. But it just shows that there is a place for everyone and especially when you get to that level, right? But I feel like the training definitely, I feel more the coaching aspect is a little, it's a little iffy because there's a systematic approach to everything. And you just mentioned like what you liked probably about what my training was. It was the basic old school, you know, squats and deadlifts and T bar rows and, you know, dumbbell bench press or bar bells, whatever. We didn't have the fancy machine. So I think it can lengthen someone's career if they stay more to machines. And we saw fill, he kind of built his physique using more machine work. And I feel like a lot of this stuff, and I have this argument, mellows, all the time because like he thinks that machines who can get the best result, also it's just basically about triggering the muscle. And maybe that's true, but I'm really glad I was in the era where I could really be able to build the base and work on those core movements and really learn my body and learn the exercise that works for me. And you know, this is what I continue to do. I mean, I'm still a volume trainer. I don't train super heavy. Like I said, it's not necessarily the goal, but maybe that's why my joints feel so good. And I do supplement really well with, you know, what's necessary. And my diet has always been super particular. And I feel like even off season, like that was the one thing about me is I always always take the same foods, whether it's off season or pre-contest. Obviously, the amount of food, whether protein carbs changed, but I was always on a low-fat diet. I was wondered if I more did a high-fat diet because it seems like that's kind of a trend now, too, is having more fats in there. What it really triggered for my physique, you know, but I'm, listen, there's no regrets on that. I mean, we're training like I said, it's continuous now today and pretty much the same. I do the same exercise and same order every single workout. I really don't change things a lot. One thing about all of your old training footage is you look ridiculously full in everything. What would you think, what were you thinking going into a workout? Like, were you thinking just, make sure I'm hydrated, was your pre-workout meal, you know, higher in carbs, were you taking in more sodium? Like, you just had like this crazy look to you every time you trained in every single video. Well, I mean, remember, I was, you know, I've worked a lot of years to maintain that fullness, right? So, I think for me, I always trained after at least one meal. I never trained as much fast it is as some people start. That's a new trend of today. But, you know, honey had me switched to eat meals. Probably after three meals, you know, when I switched over coaching to him, he preferred me to train like later in the afternoon, where I preferred to train after a meal one or two, that's when I felt the best. But I definitely got a better pump as you have some more meals in you. I feel like I'd have fast metabolism. If people want to argue that the glycogen from the day before is kind of what you're using, you know, as energy or whatever else, you know, muscle fullness, I think, you know, that could have some truth to it. But I believe that burned through food like super fast. So I was a high carb eater. I, you know, like you'd be the rumors of meat in a thousand grams of carbs a day. But I would definitely have a big breakfast and that big breakfast would be a hundred grams of protein at least 200 grams of carbohydrates. So that's still to us, day guys, I'm not gonna lie. I have about the same. I have the same breakfast every day. Is your biggest meal today? It is. And, you know, people say you can't process a hundred grams of protein in one sitting. Hey, they changed their mind on that now. Now they said, they did science and now they said, yes, you can't. So you're welcome to do it, Jay. Now that you know, you know, I'm going to be the experts figured it up because I figured it up by trial and every. Right. Right. Yeah. What, what, I mean, people ask me all the time about gyms, you know, I'm kind of no one for being like a real gym guy. And I wanted to ask you, you know, you trained in a lot of gyms. What, what was your favorite training environment when you were, you know, in the thick of of a, you know, Steve Weinbergers East Post Mac, a man. It's just, I mean, with the memorabilia, I mean, between that and gold gym Venice obviously gold gym Venice in the heyday. When you're surrounded by the memorabilia like the stuff you see like in my office, right? And then you have, you know, the clanking weights. Yeah. Kind of drowned out music because there's just so much like clanking going on in the gym and everyone's in there to train. It's, that's the environment. I like Steve's because the lower ceilings, I mean, and then of course, I like gold gym Venice because of the breeze coming in the front and going out the back like that before they moved all the equipment outside like that that was just there's nothing like it. I call it the walls of greatness because you just walk in the Venice and you like fuck I just want to train, you know, and that's how I felt this Steve's also and you know, we travel out there. I trained with Ronnie like we closed that gym down on Friday nights when we guest post on the Saturday out there. We June and Ronnie would be in the corner squat in 700 pounds, you know, I was like, yeah, you got to do this again, another round and I, you know, September, October when we had on the whole prep to fall through. So crazy. I have a question about, so I met you probably long before you even realize it. You came out to one of our stores in Arizona and I was just working there at the time. And I had seen you. It was three weeks before the US says so that would have made it like early July late June. And you said that you were, you hadn't been training and you were going to be going full bore starting when you got home the next day for the Olympia. And you were monstrous, you know, you were 280, 285 and and back in my head, obviously, as a kid, I was like, he's full of shit. Like, you know, and then I saw you with the USA's three weeks later. And I saw you from across the room and I mean, my mind was blown and I asked you like, what are you way and you said three 15. And my brain broke. So aside from the obvious things that everyone wants to jump to the conclusions on, what did it look like for you before you started your Olympia prep like was obviously that sounds like there was a downtime. And then you dove right in and your body just exploded. I wish I had photos for people to see what that three weeks was. Yeah, so I don't know what year that was. I've done steep but that was like, oh, two, I think or a two or a three because at the thing you showed me, no, what have been like, oh, yeah, let's see. Yeah, probably, oh, two or three because you showed me pictures from 2001 and you said, these are the pictures that haunt me. Because obviously you looked so good. You know, you need to think about a lot of the bodybuilders and you know, touch a little bit on the subs and side is, you know, we would completely clean out after competitions, right. So, if I wasn't competing at the Arnold, you know, and I did the back to back years at the Arnold Olympia's right. So it was like, you know, you had a little time down after the Olympia. I came off all the drugs and then, you know, I would just still train but not obviously eat as much food. I would kind of loosen the dial a little bit and then I start full prep into the Arnold, you know, with all the protocol and everything else. Then I'd finish in book a whole guest posing season between that and when I started prepping it around June, you know, so basically, you know, marks was that the Arnold they come off. You know, any kind of antibiotics or whatever else, I would completely, that's not bridging or anything like that. And then, you know, I would start prepping, you know, 16 to 20 weeks out. And that's when I kind of, you know, start off, you know, just adding some compounds in there and, you know, and slowly work my way up. But I mean, it happened really fast because your body's like a sponge, especially when you had that time down. And that's what, you know, it's a little confusing today because I know there's a lot of medical experts to that think it's almost worse to come off everything and, you know, and I have some maintenance those. But listen, TRT didn't exist. I didn't even turn, I don't think then so it was like, you know, like we did what we had to do for the contest and I mean, if I really got into that deep and he asked me, okay, what did I, I wouldn't even remember to be honest because it was really come, come by availability and, you know, we kind of had a certain protocol but mainly was the food though, the food. Like when I had to start training for a show and know I had to pack those, I wasn't traveling. And that was the biggest hindrance to me was, you know, getting on the road and missing meals because I did. I mean, all of us, and it wasn't as 100% especially when you're flying and you get stuck in places. We didn't have meal prep back then, right? So we had to get our food and somehow and, you know, that was a lot of time eating out at restaurants or ordering food and I mean shoot it in a door dash or any of that stuff. So I think really, you know, just when I put my head down and I started grinding towards the contest prep and there was no one that gave it the dedication that I did. I felt like that's one thing I can kind of hold high in standard to me as like, I was calculated. I was, I had everything kind of set in place. I compared a lot to what Nick Walker's like these days. I think he's really struck. That's nice. Yeah, that's awesome. Well, we wanted to get a reaction to a couple of videos. We wanted to show you a few things and just just hear what what you think when you see these videos. I don't know if you've watched a lot of your old videos. I don't know how often you pull up an old YouTube clip of yourself or how often somebody comes up and shows you their phone. Whatever you ever do man, people are probably wondering that but like I'll be flicking through and you know I would say I'm putting a ton of cut content right now. So sometimes I'll catch it to see how my editors did with it to walk after I approved it right. It's a post-notch and I like to see what the reaction is to it, but you know it's pretty cool to be able to see that old throwback. Yeah, Scott, Scott's going to pull something up. I don't know what order he's doing things here, but what do you got? Well, you got a leg workout from 20, was it 2003 here. Let's see. Let me just a minute. There we go. Yeah, let me go Gold's gym. Guys, you know what that place. I love that gym. How long did you have that car for Jay? I had not that long man. I traded that for a twin turbo Porsche actually. That was one of my first cars I bought though actually. Like one year first kind of like I'm in the money cars. Yeah, I like it. We're at a recharge motor and it was pretty fast actually. Yeah. How many different training partners did you go through it flamingo? That was Rick. That was my buddy. He was on the first guys I met out here. So I tried to put him a lot in the videos when they did come shoot for these for whatever this is. I don't know what if it's a DVD. This is no one improved them beyond I think. So I tried to bring certain people in although I didn't train with a training partner as much. But looking at this now, I mean, I'm looking at my size and it's like man, you know, you kind of missed me in that big. I would put on the gym guys and do like this exercise and my legs were after one set would be so full. So when you talk about the fullness and you know how like no one trains legs in a tank top right? I didn't give a shit. Yeah. The blood is all in the south and no one's wearing tank tops but you. Yeah. So this was, you know, obviously they had a ton of equipment at this gym. This was, I mean, they had a lot of photos shoots here and this was pretty far across the city for me. Probably like a 25 30 minute drive but it was worth it because, you know, it's such a big open gym and they had the fans blowing You know, you could get on so much different types of equipment and you know, they're in this rain. I mean, I was, Ronnie, I don't think at this point, this was after the Arnold 2003. We hadn't seen Ronnie come back as the massive Ronnie yet. So I was like, I was thinking in my head, okay, this is my Olympia. I just won the Arnold for the second year in a row. You know, I'm rolling in and taking the Olympian. It's going to be my time, right? Yeah. And you didn't expect to 180 9 pound Ronnie. Yeah, but I don't know what the real, I'm with Dusty on that. I know it was rumored to 90 or I still don't think he weighed that much but only he's really going to know the truth to that. Now, right. And what you've heard, yeah, what was your normal jammer? Are you training at Sahara or rainbow mostly? I'm training at Sahara. Gold's jam. It was Sahara indicator because it was the closest to my house. I rarely went to like the Lake Meed location or I don't even think I went to LVACs at this point because I just didn't think it was hard core enough later on. You know, when it came back to 2009, I started training at some LVACs because, you know, I started getting on, you know, inverted light presses and things that I didn't necessarily have at these gyms. In Gold's jam, sorry, the phase out a little bit, but, you know, it's so funny to watch this. I mean, it's still kind of the same thing to be honest. I did like yesterday and this is the exact, I did like extensions and then I did like pressed, which I only go up to about four plates aside now. This is the Marty second set in, already a prior. But remember, this is improved time. This wasn't when I was really trying to put on much size. This was kind of rebound phase. Oh, yeah. But you said, is that still pro-tanner? You just sat 10 to all the time. Oh, you know what? I would probably guess posing every weekend. Sorry. I assume that, you know, after every weekend, you know, this was one of the shoots when we filmed this DVD. I think we filmed it after after my Arnold victory. So, I just still had tan on from a guest pot on a weekend. I mean, I was just traveling every weekend to a guest posing. That's when body blows pose instead of just a beer. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's funny. I've watched all these videos so many times, Jake, because we used to sell your videos in my stores that these are body-building memories of mine and I wasn't there. Yeah. When you just watch through, because I mean, we played them. That was a great way to celebrate. Just keep them playing all the time. And so you and that gym is like, hand in hand to me. So when I would go train there when we're out in Vegas, it was always like visiting Jay's gym. Even though I knew, because Sean always told me that you actually trained at the other gyms more often. Yeah. Sean from Goldstein, right? Yeah. Sean Paxon. Yeah. Yeah. So, with this gym, Dennis Wolf was training at this gym quite often when he was in the gym. When he ended up, you know what year he came to Vegas. But I saw him pretty often. I actually met Dwayne Johnson for the first time in this gym. Okay. He was filming a movie in 07 and he came literally, came up to me. And he goes, hey, I'm a huge fan of whatever else. And he wasn't really known as the rock as much as he is now. And it's kind of funny because I ran into him. There's a video of me running into him at Goldstein Venice. And you guys have probably seen this. I mean, as I watch it this morning. Yeah. So, and that was probably 20. I would say 13 or 14. And literally he said, the last time I saw you was at that Goldstein flamingo. Like literally, that's what he told me in his program. He always people he's met. He could have remembered when he met me in 07 when he was there filming. A movie in Vegas. That's wild. I'm a new dusty. I'm going to train at this gym so bad. The first time I went to Vegas, my goal after seeing this video so many times was to go there. And I got there and I found out he had just closed down. Oh, yeah. You see, I started going to Vegas in my first Olympia was 02. And I remember wanting to go to Flamingo Gold. Because that was where Jay had filmed the footage the day after the 2001 Olympia. Yeah. You shot that famous footage there. And I was like, oh, well, that's the gym. That's where I got a train. It was the hard core gym. Yeah. So it was like, I got so excited walking into this gym. I was like, this is where shit happens, man. This is where Jay did that photo shoot. You know? And you know, all the metal plates and all the leg presses. And they just had it a great setup there. It's unfortunate that the gym never ended up as a, I mean, that would be a great destination spot. Because it was the other boxing in there and everything. But you know, the all those goals, gym dissipated me, EOS kind of took some of the spots. But like, we don't have anything that's like this, this big a footprint. Like this hard core, you know, and I mean, everything's changed. Now metal weights, metal dumbbells aren't necessary. Your thing is, is much anymore in a lot of gyms. Oh, legs. Yeah. The cross-hated legs is never get old. Yes. So this is one of these things guys where people talk about my strength and like, Jay didn't train heavy, you know, but you know, here I am, you know, I was completely off at this time. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously, it's still got a lot of stuff in my body from competing or whatever. But like, like, this is, this is just with ease. I mean, I didn't really use knee wraps and that kind of stuff to kind of later. So I kind of took to that to where, you know, I was just trying to go heavier than I probably needed to. But think everyone over, over does, I mean, I watch some of these guys and I cringe with how much hacksaw weight they're using. I mean, you know, how many people have torn their fatella tendons, you know, doing hacksawats. It's going to be dangerous and in some sense. You know, didn't, didn't mellows tear both of his who did. You're going to eat a pack with that, with that lure of Jay didn't train heavy. Also goes along with your, your rest time. So that you, and we know you took short rest times, but I'm curious, what was your average rest time between sets? Because we don't actually get to see that in the cuts, you know. Yeah, 25, 60 seconds usually was what it was usually the partner when I went. A lot of times I actually tried to train with someone that didn't have to change the weights, although this one, I think this guy was just coming in train with me more. Just for the video, whatever, but obviously, I think it's a little slower here. I mean, it's probably more for the video and resting a little more to do a little heavier weight, where I never really cared about the weight that much to be honest. I mean, that was never a thought process when I planned my workouts. And I would always plan these workouts the day before I kind of know what I went through, but, you know, I look at this kind of weight guys. I mean, I don't know how many plates this is, but I'm like, say, seven, seven, eight plates. Yeah, that's why I laugh with people saying, that's not a lot. Yeah, you have eight plates aside there. I do that. Yes, that's heavy as shit. And is that a side-back attack? Yeah, it looks like it. Yeah. Or a carrying. Could be it. Yeah. It's an a carrying or a side-back because I can't tell. It was a pain-itension. Yeah. That's a night carrying. Okay. Yeah. I felt, I honestly, this was the best exercise for my quads. I always felt like this helped the sweep on my quads a lot, which I just don't see as many people hammering the hackswats as much anymore. They use the, um, the use one now, the pendulum. Yeah, that's where everyone loses now. Yeah, you can't replace it back. I won't mess with it. And I don't do the pendulum squat at all. I feel it's, it's almost too hard now. I don't really want to push myself to that level. I don't really want to walk out of the gym, be sore for two days. You don't know that. But I try to do as little as I have to do to maintain the athletic body. So I guess it's not that encouraging for my fan base that, you know, this is a J-Lost of Fire, but man, you know, at a certain age, we just, the weight can't be the same. Yeah. Well, as you said, it's not losing the fire though. That's, that's a, been there done that. I mean, that's why I feel like a lot of people should consider when it is time to be done. It's like, then you have a new goal. Did, did you find when you were retired that it was harder to, uh, you know, longer just had a reason to look a certain way? Like, you had to kind of pick what you wanted to look like. Was that weird? Because I know for, for me, it was really weird because I never thought about it. I needed to be better for the next show, you know, and I, I couldn't wait to be downsized and fit into extra large or two-x instead of four-x shirts and, right. And I know, like, clothing has kind of changed. I mean, they have a lot of more form-fitting, you know, skinny jeans or whatever else. So, you know, obviously, I had suits made back then and it was like, everything was like a tent, but now everything's more form-fitting. And I think that's what I was most excited about, but I didn't really have a problem with the transition. And I still don't. Because, you know, I still look at the other guys and I look at this. Like, I'm more blown away in this video of watching, actually, like you said, Ron, how full I was, right? Because that's just the food consistent day and day out, eating, eating, eating, and like years of doing that, that, you know, you get that stretch of the muscle and, you know, consistent training. And it was all about getting the gym, doing enough work, getting out of the gym and feeding it. And that's, was a daily routine. Like, I always say body glows can be so successful, no matter what they choose to do later because we put so much effort into the body, but it still surprised me, dust, you just told me, it's tax-wet at eight plates yesterday. I'm still blown away on that, like, why? I wonder that every day as well. No, it's actually, I had less than everything down. And then my wife decided to compete again. And next thing, you know, I'm training harder again. And I put on muscle again on accident. And here we are. Like, it's funny, I'm still eating, like, four real meals a day. And, but just training, I mean, you know this, if you were to eat a little bit in train hard, what would happen, like the amount of muscle you put back on. So it's like, it's kind of like I got roped into it because she's training hard. And I'm like, next thing, you know, I kind of got that it. So it's been fun, but Ronald's tell you, it's a balance too, because I, I'm like, I can't gain anymore weight. I better watch it. So we'll go out of town and, you know, we went to Germany for six days. And I came back up 12 pounds. I'm like, all right, back on the cardio, back on the no food. Let's get this weight back down. So it does see, does he blows up every time he eats burgers. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have burgers in Germany or. Oh, dude, it was terrible because we were just going back to our place. So literally we had burgers, two, probably two burgers a day for six days. Okay. I came back exactly the same weight. I didn't get any fatter. I know it's done trips. Ron gets harder and more vascular and Vanias you as the week goes on. You know, you get leaner. Yeah. Ron should eat burgers more often. It would be good for him. I mean, I mean, I mean, here I'm doing the fun squad. I mean, I always like the monosynth machine with all he's here sometimes. I mean, I did go free weights also, but it's kind of funny. When I first started squatting guys, I actually elevated my heel where the regular squat with a two by four. We had two by four. We had two by four. Yeah. And I would get in there and I would put my heel on that two by four. And that really, I think attributed also to my frontal thighs, the way that I had that crazy sweet. I mean, that's also played a part. But it really did help a lot. But I mean, squatting on a two by four people at our age, it probably like cringe with the You know, it's. Well, now it nowadays everybody needs like a 150 dollar wedge under their heel. Oh, yeah. You know, they need some fancy. This gym doesn't have prime wedges. What a shit hole. They don't have a 40%. They have the 30%. But that's not what I use. I was this is a gym you would find a two by four out, which you know, I can't say that those this many today that. Yeah. We're laying around for that reason. Come to Detroit. Come to Detroit. We've got. Yeah. We still have two by fours over here. Okay. I was going to say, you know, you were always known for your for having a shoe game before the shoe game was a thing. Oh, and. But at the same time, you got a generic gallon jug and a ripped a rip towel. So it wasn't you weren't all branded out. You know what I mean? There was still plenty of room for a jacotler dot com towel back then that you hadn't thought of. Someone just asked me this weekend at this event signing like you should have launched a bandana or something, whatever else. I never imagined it would be that famous man, you know. Yeah. It's the most immediate can blow up someone's someone's image with the the smallest things of a rip towel that wrapped on my head. I guess people considered that hardcore. If a guy, I remember during the eighths, remember he would wear his bandana. I thought that was the coolest thing ever. I mean, he was so serious when I met him and he was Mr. Limpio when I was coming up from the teenage Nationals and forward. So I always looked at him and he was just so hidden and, you know, he was called the shadow because he just went back to England and did his work and came back in one more Limpio. So it was always intriguing and, you know, I used to watch, you know, blood and guts and watch him train like that. I think, you know, kind of that, let off took a little bit spillover to what I did in the sounds. I mean, that was freaking heavy. That's a four plate front squat with no belt no wraps. Like, yeah. Jaden, you know, let's say that in the first. Third, fourth, fifth exercise. Fifth exercise. Yeah. You know, yeah. Just playing with weights. 45 seconds. I watched. Why I tried to take these 45s off and it's like, I don't have that strength in the middle. I was just too hidden. So trying to hand it on. It's like, did her plates away out of the dishwasher? Yeah. But I'm like, why am I training this hard and we're not supposed to be training. This is for us to be like the cruise time of, you know, let's in between the shows get late. Your body heal up, you know. Yeah. What this was meant, right? This is MOC. Yeah. Yeah. We were trying to, at this point, I was trying to challenge Ronnie's DVDs because we each, like, mitts would go shoot Ronnie and he'd go shoot me and he'd do like, yeah, he's launching this DVD. And I'd ask him like, what he did, you know, since stuff. And he would tell me like the crazy way it's going to seem to be bigger and bigger every DVD did, right? So it kind of was a little competition in a sense because we would come here and he'd, you know, he wouldn't tell me deep information, but he would tell me kind of the ins and outs of what's going on and I'd ask about, you know, Ronnie's gym and I had trained there once in 96. And so we were kind of not only challenging some of the stage, but who could get the best DVD released because this was a huge money maker for us at that point. You know, you got all the videos and I mean, we'd sound for $40 and, you know, our ideal with mitts, you know, he would give us the DVDs for free, but he just wanted the access to be able to sell in certain regions, one of them being Japan. So we'd, if the copies, I think maybe we had a pay for the copies, but the copies were only a couple of dollars and for us to be selling them for $40. This was, this was early social media. Look at now everywhere you were reacting to this. This is, if this footage was never shot, you know, how much footage would we have? I mean, I wish I videoed all my stuff. I didn't shut shooting YouTube to 2008, but here I am going back to doing more extensions. And this is one of my favorite, the flex, the flex extension, deep front. I always liked the leg extensions where the bar was in the middle. I don't know how you guys feel about that. You're a cam, you're a cam, they never get bent. Never get bent and when you go heavier, it's almost like, you know, you can kind of feel it evenly. Right. You like, I think can get warped a little bit. But bends when you put some heavy weights on there, not to say I was not extremely heavy, but you can see the fullness and, you know, I think with the angle of this too, you know, if anyone ever can work on that kind of like with an angle back, um, hunger, it just, the way I sat in it was a little higher of a unit. So I really liked using that as the more of the power extensions, as you saw in the beginning, I started with some lighter extensions, with a regular extension, but these were the heavy sets. This workout just keeps going. Like it just keeps. It doesn't stop, not we're going into hamstring curls. It's like, it's a bit of a ending. I know what the five exercises are going. I know I got a few more videos too, so if it's got one to jump to another video. This, um, this leg extension, this, like curl, the seated was probably my favorite. That's the ham troc, there. Yeah. When I started training in Massachusetts at a place called Notalist Puss, I was going to try 45 minutes just to get this, use this machine. I always felt this the best in my legs. It's still the first exercise that I do every single week when I train legs when I'm here in Vegas. Okay. All right. I'll jump to the next one then, Ron. We've got, we've got a short one here. We see if I can get this one short one. Yeah. But when was time you talked to Mitz? There we go. Um, we talked recently. I think last year maybe we talked, you know, We send you a pan and me, Lo's was just with him. So me, Lo's actually sent me some pictures and I said, Make sure you say hello, you know. I hope he made some good money because without Mitz, we wouldn't have any history of that entire era. I don't think he made enough if that makes sense. Yeah. There we go. Way back for this one. And Warren was in a local gym trying to beef up for high school football when national level heavyweight Mark. And he was a national. He national is 93. This is the rally North Carolina branch. I remember thinking when I saw a branch like he's pretty rip, but he, I don't feel like he didn't have a lot of size. When, you know, I walked in there the biggest dude there. And you know, I thought for sure, you know, I, that was the first time to say we were really dieted for. So, you know, Chris thought I, I do pretty well against, you know, the line up, but you know, branch had like strided lutes as a teenager. And obviously I had the size. I just wasn't as ripped, you know. And I used to be curling that the tube. Exactly. Good. So I was, I was working in a golf course at this point. And I was getting up at 330 in the morning to ride the bike before I would had to be at work, you know, at, you know, five o'clock or whatever. So, you know, this was a, a crazy prep for me. And then, you know, of course going into the nation and winning, you know, the heavy weights there. They didn't have a super heavy down. But you could see how fresh I was with, you know, the whole body going thing. Your, your legs were already completely out of control. Yeah. Were you always the guy that had like a hairstyle, you all like in high school and shit? Yeah. And I, I had that surfer look, you know, and I used to put sun in in my hair for this. Like that's how blonde my hair was. It was sun and we'd go to the beach and I just, you know, sun in. I haven't even heard that term. No, it's been like, you know, it's been, at least. Yes. Yes. Yes. And it is, and that is, I mean, the branch was a lot smaller. I never really paid attention to that. So really like rewarded the conditioning back then. The good legs and the funny thing is, is branch when I did the nationals in 96. So this was 93. So branch, I don't know what he was doing at the time. But he showed up at the nationals in 96. And it was kind of like, okay, you know, I, I had heard he was, he was going to compete. And he didn't even make the 15 from my understanding. It was, you know, I won, obviously my class in branch. He was, he was a light heavy, but he didn't make the top 15. So just shows the advancement. You know, I went to California after this show. And that's when I got to watch USA and I saw Chris Cormier when, you know, that show. And then I got to meet at Conners and I got to, you know, go to Go to Go to Go to Venice the first time. And then, you know, that led me to going in November, back out there, staying with Ed for a month. And that's when I decided fully, I'm going to pursue bodybuilding at the, at the, like, the full potential, you know. Yeah, absolutely. Especially the teenagers because I got some solidification of like, okay, I'm, I'm definitely, I have something here. You know, I mean, I was big for my area in Western Massachusetts, but to go to the teenage nationals, get notoriety when my class, even though the competition wasn't super tough, it was still like, okay, this is step towards going towards the bigger things, right? So I think that's really, you know, where I said, hey, I really have something because I've bloomed up after this teen national, like, 260. And I was pretty lean. And I knew I had something different. Yeah, that's an advantage that we have now or even when I was starting is you knew what the next level looked like. Where you were just rolling in like, I'm big in my gym. I wonder how I am in the world. Yeah. Oh, here we are, 2001, 2001, the date, the day after the big day. After your first win. Yeah, we're going to get to work. So how you feeling this morning, this, this, this must have been an absolutely crucial, more, like, morning in your life, that day after your second running. I was relieved because I kind of later all out there. I remember I took the whole year off from 2000 until 2001. I didn't compete because back then the top 10 qualified from the year prior and I was eighth. I didn't go to Europe and I competed with Ronnie in the European Tour after 2000, Olympia and I got to stand next to him for the first time. So I kind of knew I could compare. And then when I came into 01, I'm coming in this thing. I'm winning, Chris kind of put it in my head. We're not going for anything but winning. And even though the odds for someone to move from eighth to first or second, very slim, I was able to just put my head down. I mean, I had a great offseason and rolled into the contest the way I wanted to. And I looked at the result. When did it sort of sink in? Like, it must have been a real, did you have a real profound feeling of arrival with that second place? I was so close and to be honest, I was just floored to be able to be second. I mean, there was no disappointment like I didn't win. Because when you're, when you're, you know, when people say you should over, or could over, I won the crowd, right? So for me, it was like winning almost. I mean, back then it's not like, you know, I won 60 grand for second first was a hundred. So it wasn't like it was a huge swing like today where you went 400,000 and then second gets 150, right? Yeah. That's for a bit. To when he's got his top off, we'll get through this one. Because I know we got, we got a much newer video we want to show you. Okay. So there's, yeah, those legs are freaking just wild right now. When you look at this, you know, people say, oh, nine was my best, but look at this. You look at the fullness and you look at the quality of the physique. I mean, I was probably sharper in certain areas and oh, nine, but I mean, look at the aesthetics versus, you know, the condition. It's just the package was just pretty much undeniable. I mean, it almost won. So, you know, I was back and forth on what my best was. Hmm. Well, besides best, what would be your favorite would you? It sounds like you're saying this was, this was a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This or two because I had the muscle fullness. I feel like after this, they kind of came down on me a little bit like getting the back more condition because obviously that was what was holding me back against Ronnie. And it made sacrifice other areas. And it makes my legs, it's phenomenal as they were. I ended up not keeping the leg fullness like I have here, the roundness, the delts. I mean, this is a thousand grams of carb diet with no cardio for ten weeks guys. So, that literally did no cardio, ten weeks prior to like I stopped all cardio, ten weeks out from this contest. And I did a zigzag diet where I'd eat, you know, 400 grams of carbs on my off day. And I ate 100 to 1000 on the training days and that's how I maintained like conditioning. But I did train twice a day. I was doing sonas twice a day. I used a lot of protein powder from my protein. I was on a very low fat diet. So, not, not no red meat at all. There was zero red meat during this prep. But I'm not kidding, probably three of my six meals were protein powder with like a carbohydrate like rice or whatever else, you know, potatoes. I just didn't see the fish himself. Yeah, that was that was definitely the first time when I, when I, this was when I realized I had to go to that gym was this video. Yeah, this was the one I was thought of. I was thought of this video. Yeah. What did you actually weigh here? Not too sexy. Yeah. Not too sexy. I mean, I was too skinny three days out. There's a story all to itself. Most people, most people pull 20 pounds of water. They get flat. Right. You got the other video you wanted to run. Yeah. So, this is in my opinion, one of the greatest top sixes of all time. This, this top sixes just mind boggling to me. I mean, I know Ronnie's not there, but it's the, the top six, the quality of the whole top six, you know. You and Dexter and Victor and Phil and Kai and, and, and, and, and, yeah, I'm, you know, before this show, this is the first year I work with Hany and I remember. I said, listen, what do you think? And he's like, dude, I don't know. Like, I don't know what you're going to look like. I don't know. Like, you have to see when you get up there. Mm-hmm. Right. Like, like, we were pretty confident. Like, the package would be enough. We, we underestimated how spectacular it was though. Mm-hmm. And you think? Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're much, you're much, when I, I kind of knew just by the, you can usually, by the, when I came out, I mean, backstage that we're going bananas when I took my shirt off. Everybody was like, we, what the, what the, what the, what the, what the how, you know. So I knew that had, I show and, but even here, like, I feel my legs, like, I didn't have the fullness right that I once had. Although, I mean, listen if they're tremendous, but if you look back at, like, the O1 video, we just had in the gym today after it's like, I definitely had a, a little more fullness in the leg, so though this was, here's the moment right here. Yeah. I mean, the moment, here we go. Boom. Everyone. History. History. What do you think when you see that photo? I mean, listen, man, it's, I never imagined being one of the greatest poses of all time. I mean, it was just goes, goes by proudly spots. They went crazy for the striations and, you know, I looked at all the leg development. You know, look at the plaats and you look at, you know, big ramen and people that have the crazy wheels and cagrin. But like the detail in that one quad, like I don't know if it's been rivaled sense, you know, like with the striers out ahead and all that. You know, it was crazy from, from the, from the crowd, Jay was that you won before your physical, you know, the one before your physique was even shown because I was, I was at that show and you walked out about 10 15 feet on the stage and the pre judging you just stopped and the crowd lost their minds. Like we all went over. Yeah. Jay just came to let us know he's here to win. It was, it was, I got chills in the crowd. So I can't imagine what it was for you. I mean, I just, yeah. I mentioned, man, like, I was really down after losing the Dexter and no a second guest. My abilities and, you know, this whole honey thing fell into place. I mean, Chris and I had been working together since I was a teenager and, you know, I remember Chris saying to me, like, maybe just need to change it up. And I don't think you meant changing it up by go to somebody else and that never was the plan. It's kind of funny how honey and I, and I, like, we, he reached out to me because he knew that was a bad time for me and he just, hey, how are you doing? You know, we weren't super close but we were close enough where we were talking on the phone and, and I said, dude, I don't know what I'm going to do, you know, whatever else. And then, you know, we ended up just kind of communicating and like listen, would you mind me if I bounced a couple things off? I'm going to try to do this on my own probably and, like, just kind of just listen to what my body tells me and he said, yeah, no problem. And then somehow we end up just, you know, end up shooting the FST7 thing and he kind of, you know, that kind of fit into my training with the body. And I trained with the volume stuff and, and he just became a more of a friend and then I remember like getting in, I, even when I started in July, I think I started the prep and I'm like, you know what, I want to hire you. Like, I think it was like 10 weeks out or something I just said, we need to, you need to work together and just let's let you guide me into the show. Because I hadn't been in touch with Chris, you know, and, you know, I had lost in the way it's always pretty disappointed with that. So, I just end up working through with Hani and, you know, Phil was coming strong at this show too. And I was, I was very concerned about Phil Heath because, you know, O.A.D. was third. I thought he was good enough to possibly win it his first attempt. But I knew he was coming knocking the door unfortunately he got sick and, you know, ended up in fifth place, but, you know, Branch was right there next to me. So it's kind of goes back to 93, you know, now, oh nine, like, here we are again. And she, you know, I had a lot of respect for him. He was mentioning my, in my speech a little bit. Because, you know, I mean, he was always known as the guy that, okay, does not have the structure that genetics, maybe, to be the best, but his hard work and his dedication and what he did, he always was able to prevail. I mean, Arnold wins and second, if you limp you right. Yeah, yeah. How, how do you feel watching like last year's Olympia? When you saw that battle between, you know, how do you Derek and Samson? It's very good even had that because I feel bad for Hottie because, you know, he didn't win. And you know what, that's like. I'm happy for Derek because it's his first and I'm close, like, I'm not close, but I'm, like, I'm communicative with all those people. So I feel bad, but I feel like I feel like excitement for each one, right? Because I know get Mr. Limp, you're like, it's so hard to win it and lose it. You know, and we've all kind of had to go through that even Phil Heath, which I never thought he would lose. But I really wanted to see, you know, I wanted to see the best battle and, you know, Samson, I think is, like if you said, okay, who is the best body? I think Samson, I would probably say he does, but the conditions just not there yet, but Derek's back double, like, it's just so impressive. So I can, I can see either way. I'm not going to say that who I had winning, I can see the argument for both. Hottie probably did enough to retain it, but, you know, Derek was phenomenal. So I'm okay with the decision. It's going to really build for this year and I think the top two will still be those two guys. That's, but it's easy that the two 12 guys are now the top two, right? It kind of, I don't know if it's, it's not disappointing to me, but it, it is a little bit. Like it's, you know, when, when a big dude, I always was like, hey, I'm the biggest guy. I'm going to favor the bigger guy to win, but man, it's just, you know, to see the shorter, you know, more compact guys up there battling for the top two. It's like, okay, who, who is, wins key on Pearson, do the crossover, wins, you know, some of these other guys that, you know, how's Angel Calderone going to do with, if he goes into the open right? I mean, right, you're going to see these guys, I mean, it's no joke, man. Like, Keyon's going to, he's going to be dangerous when he gets to the open in my opinion. Oh, great. He's got an unbelievable physique, the shape and structure just mind blowing. Just crazy man. So who are we going to see as Nick Walker going to be the one? I mean, we're missing him in last year's Olympic. That was disappointing to me. I've always been close to him. I was close to his family forever. I was quoted saying that Nick Walker could win it. A lot of people love to argue that, say, J.D. does notice talking about, but this is, anyone's game up there, man. I never thought, how do you would be Mr. Lumpier to be on this after, you know, what he had to go through and then climb up to be, think, Romney would ever put it together in win one. I mean, Brandon Curry, I mean, he was like last my first Olympia. They keep to him to come up and win it. You know, Phil Heath even, man. I mean, I always say he could be Mr. Lumpier, but I didn't think what happened that fast and, you know, with his physique and his peak. I mean, he's going to go down as one of the greatest ever and not nice X X X. I say, I say all the time that Phil Heath in 2013, 14, he's the most underrated Mr. Lumpier of all time. You know, Lincoln, you know, he's like a skipper. They call, you know, everyone's called the goat now, right? Whether it's, you know, me, Romney would ever earn all good ever. But Phil, man, if you really, people are getting. Yeah, people forget because he wasn't a fan favorite in a sense, because of the high green underdog type thing. It kind of took away from his popularity in a sense. Man, he, if you really break his physique down, he was pretty damn well put together, you know? Yeah, I mean, a lot of people have said too, like, you know, I didn't realize it at the time. I've heard multiple people say that now, like I didn't give him the credit. And maybe it's because we had Ronnie for, you know, the long haul we had you. And then it's like, okay, another great guy, but looking back, a lot of people are saying, man, he was more impressive than I really gave him credit for, you know? I don't think you would have beat Ronnie Coleman, but, you know, it's, man, he stood his own. I mean, there was a, there was kind of, Ty Green wasn't there. You know, what competition would Phil have had. I mean, back to the bottom part that 16 year or whatever it was, but, you know, backstereven, backstereven is one of these guys that, you know, he won one of Olympians, won a lot of Arnold's, but like, look at the length of his career and how many times he performed and put it on the line? Like, you have to look at that too when you, you can figure factor someone in as, like, one of the greatest in ever is like, how many times did they lay it on the line and, and prevail in some sort of sense? I mean, that's where I gave Ray a lot of respect back in the day because, like, he was top five for quite a period of time. 13 years? He always brought, you know, when you look at Sean and, you know, it's crazy that Sean, he didn't have a diet guru or anyone kind of advising him. And he would always, he would, he would, I his food. He never weighed his food. Javan noticed, I don't know if you can guys fall on that. Yeah, I've talked to him a lot about it. Yeah. He didn't weigh his food. So it was like, he just went by the mirror in every day, they'll cut back a little bit on the protein, I'll cut back in the cards and look at the physique of the Zeke brought. I mean, he's underrated. I mean, there's so many people. I mean, Chris Cornier is underrated in the sense, but that's what I mean. Like, I have a loving admiration for a lot of these guys that that fueled me. And when we talk about the success of the feeds, like a lot of this was brought back. But when I watch this Olympia now, I don't envy what the guys go through because that whole build up and the hype and, like, who's going to win and what's the battle going to be? It's like a sigh relief when you finish and you're like, okay, I'm good for another year. You win the title, right? And like, I'm still because Mr. Olympia is not really going to go outside that contest and told now Arnold wants to bump the prize money to 500K and now you guys see. People like, yeah, might give people a little incentive to get off the protein between, right? I mean, yeah, I wish I had that opportunity when the five before way checked because 500K and one shot is that's a big check guys, you know, you can do a lot of financial even days out of inflation and everything else. You know, businesses mean free to life later, right? Yeah. Well, that's a perfect segue. I know we're going to let you go soon, but I wanted to just wrap and fire some business questions. And the fact that you just said that word business is a perfect time. So I just wanted to ask you, you can wrap it fire these. You can give me like one or two sentence answers. What's the most valuable business lesson that you would give someone if they say, you know, you've been so successful with so many ventures in and out of bodybuilding? Well, what is one of your foundational principles that you have to do? Everyone has the best deal ever for you, okay? Especially when you, they know you, you're successful and you have financial, you know, you have that financial status. But you, the best investment is in yourself, meaning, you know, whatever you choose to do, it has to be something you're passionate about. You can't look at something, go after something because like, oh, you can make a lot of money doing that. Whether it's like, hey, I'm going to get into real estate because I know there's a lot of real estate to sell whatever. I think you have to enjoy the process and I mean, I always tell people, you know, pursue the things that you, you have interest in and you understand, learn it, right? Don't just say, someone comes to you and says, hey, it's a $10,000 investment. So when so's done it, it's kind of like the whole crypto thing, like everyone jumping on board. I believe you should, you should have some research you should deal comfortable and compare every scenario whether you win lose. But my losses have been the best learning curve for me. So I've never think that I've only hit home runs with everything that I've done. I've been wildly successful, but I've also had some losing moments with bad investments, whether it be real estate or business matters. I'm even the supplement game. I mean, you know, I'm having great success now, but it always wasn't like that. So you have to have the patience, but prepare yourself for the best in the worst. I would say. Okay. What non-body building investment has been your best move? Realist aside from real estate, any other business that you think was great? I did some, some ammo manufacturing that I had a business doing that. I mean, I enjoyed doing that. I grew up, I shot my first gun when I was four years old. My man, I'm out. You just got a whole bunch of new fans. I knew that one. I don't have guns, but I don't, I don't post shooting as much. We're kind of wide open in Nevada, right? I mean, yeah. I've just started shooting stuff. I don't know where were you guys? You're on it. You said Michigan or something. You just drive on, start shooting stuff. Yeah. I'm looking for a person. You know, it's a little easier. Is there an investment that you regret? What do you think would be your dumbest move? The dumbest move. I think I did like this mortgage calculator investment for 25,000. That was probably, it was always these new things to make things easier. I believe that I also invested in the, something that they sold me on. This was a device to keep you from texting while driving. That other thing that probably was probably what I thought about and probably second guests, if I should have done it or not. I think everyone still text and drive to be honest. You know, it says, hey, I'm driving. It was something like that. I'm, hey, I'm driving and, you know, I can't get back to you right now, which, you know, that thing came out, but it was something on that line. Right. That was probably, I didn't understand it, you know, because I still text and drive will be honest, you know. What here's, here's one for you. What do you consider to be your personal weakness? Like, is there a trait that you are working on to improve? I always, I always give time when I don't give time to myself. So I often, I often sway my schedule to accommodate others. Like, three old retired assholes on a podcast. It's a hit. It's a hit. I'm too good. I'm too good. He's amazing. Yeah, you're right, you know. You know, listen, I work all the time. So I just don't know how to separate business and pleasure in a sense, right? Right. So I, you know, I always joke and I say vacations are cool for quitters, you know, especially when we're like, like, we travel like we just came from Germany and I went to the classroom. Sure you guys been there before and yeah, like, it a little outside things, but it's like, man, they can enjoy the moments a little bit, like try to shut off that side of like, I'm here for that and then work your way. And it's been that way since probably the pandemic. I think a little worse. I haven't really slowed down and I'm hoping that I have a, like, next couple weeks I travel, but then I have like a mod like break in between where I'm traveling like maybe two weekends a month instead of four. Or maybe I'll start to make that transition and I'll try to take it a little more. Okay, last question for you. What is a habit or trait in other people that you admire? Loyalty consistency. I love someone that's returns messages because I feel like no one's too busy to return messages, especially like texts and, you know, someone that I know the busiest people that still find the time to do everything. And don't forget, right? And sometimes I'm hunting a calendar. And I think it's similar to like, you know, when I text you this morning, Ron, it was seven thirty my time or whatever. And I didn't get back to you since you text me about coming on this thing since Germany, right? I think I was on my way back. So you probably, will you think that he is Jay going to show up? Be honest with me. Yeah, I actually thought that maybe you weren't in for today. So we were just going to do a Q&A, right? Oh, so do you see the follow up, right? Because I know it's important. I think about this several times and you know, you started DMing me and my pro text me because like these DMs were work. I don't, I get too many DMs and you know, as soon as you text me and I put it on my schedule and I had to remind you like, hey, we're going on for this, you know, today. And 20 minutes to how many minutes did it take for me to get back to you? Those are seconds. So you have to surprise, you were like, hey, yeah, that would be great, you know? So I think I took it as like, oh, Jay forgot or he's not coming on. But like I try to make importance because listen man, like no matter what, you know, I look at all you guys, you know, I follow what you do. I respect what you do. It's an I refuse podcast all the time. I don't really do that many more because I do my own. And it's again, I'm limited on time, but I can't tell you how many messages I came home from Feeborn. I said, guys, please, I apologize that you know, a million people have text me. So I'm slowly trying to get back to everyone and some people I will miss. So here I am saying a pet peeve of mine is like when people don't return messages, me and while I'm one of those guys because of the travel schedule. But I try to accommodate everyone, but it's also my biggest flaw. But you know, listen, I have my Monday calls at 11 to 1 and I'm missing it just for this today. And I told the crew, I'm like, listen, I have to do this podcast with these guys. It was important for me. Well, we're incredibly grateful man. I know, I know just for us talking to you, Jay is always a treat. You have a lot of wisdom for a lot of people. And you know, our favorite era of body building, I mean, you know, that whole time you were up there. Just magical for everybody being at those shows. I saw you every single year you were on stage. And so just thanks for coming on man. It's always good to see at Nando's restaurant in the UK and all that stuff and random airports and breakfast and Germany a couple times and all that stuff. So thank you very much, Jay. Yes, sir. You guys, I appreciate you keep doing what you do. Keep spreading the knowledge and keep reviewing the Jay cut their throwback videos. I'll throw them up there. Guys, before we go, I really quickly went to suffocially tell you a story, Jay. And it was the time I didn't get to meet you. 2007, I went to, I said, that was the year I went to Las Vegas and then we went to Los Angeles. We drove to Los Angeles and I thought, well, maybe Jay is going to be training at Golds. And I got there and you weren't at Golds. And I went over to Max muscle and I met Dave Orley. He was over there and he said, Oh, no, Jay is at night of champions right now. And I was bombed up like, All the time in these videos, something you go to Golds, Jay is going to, or you go to powerhouse, Jay is going to be there, right? So I go to Golds and Jay is not there. Anyways, I'm getting ready to walk out of the store. I bought a T-shirt and stuff and Dave says, Hey, buddy, come here a minute. So I come over to the desk and he says, You know, Jay, I want me to give this to you. He's like, he hands me an autograph picture. And I was like, Oh, no kidding. I was like, Well, thanks a lot, man. And we were renting bikes that weekend. My girlfriend and I. So I'm riding around. And I don't want to mess this picture up. And I have to like ride all around Venice Beach with this picture now in my basket of this bike. And I travel it all the way home. And I still have it to this day hanging on my wall. So thank you. Finally, you tell you, Thank you for the picture. I appreciate it. And this, that's pretty cool. You know, we had that max muscle there. You know, Dave or Lay was my hype guy and still to this day. Like we do the Jay walking. I see that wrong. I remember you signed that for me at San Jose, expo. You said, I said, Can I have a poster? You don't want a poster? I'm going to go. I did. So thanks, Jay. And now that's awesome, man. You know, it's always good. You guys, you guys keep doing the thing. Man, it's a it's put to see and hopefully I'll be back on for another time. I'll show you to be some more questions or time that I can come on and. Okay, hype it up a little bit. Keep doing it. Dusty. Go up to nine plates next week. I got to. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Yeah. I have this, you know, guys, just in your man, I had this shirt. It says, Why, bro? Because I just decided to him. He would get on his videos and he would be training like a mad man. I'm like, Why are you doing this? You know, we hired you done. Yeah. He came up with this shirt because it thought it was a funny thing. Because I'd write back on all his videos. Why, bro? Why, bro? I mean, I'm going to continue to ask you this. Okay, what did you train and how much? How much weight did you do? I still see your videos, man. And I asked myself why does Dusty do this? Like, what is that? I don't get a problem. You're not doing that anywhere. Are you? No, I train hard. And I have fun in the gym, but I'm like, I'm a two plate guy now. Yeah. I'm a two-man wiser. Two plates on hammers. Two plates on rows. I'm two plates on rows. I'm two plates. People love you, man. You're hard for all the way. And it's not going to stop. I mean, you guys really have a big image and. I know Ron, you're doing all the gym tours and all that other stuff. So, you're going to do Vegas. Is there anything in Vegas? You're going to come do for gym tours. You just do in certain ways. It's like she's already. I did an episode with Flax. Yeah. Yeah. So that was pretty cool. But yeah, I'm always open to suggestions. I know there's some new gyms there now. You know, you know, you know, He has a lot of old, not all of us now that you'd actually like. They've been. Yeah. And I went and saw he day at an episode with he day. That was cool. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a lot of fun, man. But I love Vegas. Just like you, man. I love Vegas. All right. Well, keep me close to guys. I'm sure we're going to learn. Let me know if you're in Las Vegas, right? Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Fantastic. We gave him plenty of opportunity to leave. And he's just kept tell stories. So crap. The door enough. He wanted to open it. He could even show everybody my pile of unfolded laundry sitting here on the rack. You know, but then it's been a 10 to do that. You know, it was busy morning. It was a busy morning. We didn't get to fold the laundry. But I wanted Jay to see that he's on the wall here. So, you know, I would have been prepared. Scott, I could have taken it down. Yeah. Man. This is, I got this custom framed and everything, too. This is. Yeah. I got this one mounted. It's like, you know, mounted on a nice board. So, okay. Okay. Friends say you don't want that when you ask them. Can I get that? You don't want that. Yeah. I said, hey, I want one of these. He's sitting in these big posters. Hey, Jay, I want one of these because you don't want one of these. Yeah. And I was like, yeah. Yeah. And he's like, man, you want one of these. He wants me to sign one of these. And I was like, yeah. I do. Like, I'm going to tell you, I want to give me one of these. You're like, you're too bad. I will. Please. Yeah. Everyone else. One. One. One. One. You know, this. Jay was really good about that. He almost dropped one of them and he stopped himself. He's like, you're going to have to get a Jay's level on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He knows the rules of YouTube. Yeah. He's probably going to turn the money on it. So that was motivated. I thought that went really well. Considering we were a little surprised this morning. Yeah. You know, we played. I thought I messed it up. I thought, I was like, oh, things have changed. Right. Right. I'll even tell you the timestamps just to be certain. So he texts me. So I texted him Friday. Yeah. I texted him Friday at 814 and he got back to me at 9. He said, big run. And then at 907, I sent him the time and date and everything. Yeah. And I never heard from him. Yeah. And then this morning at 7. 55. We're on for 10. 30. Right. And this goes way back to the original conversation. It was like, It's a week ago, right? Yeah. Yeah. And then, oh, yeah, the date on that. Yeah. It was as long time ago. And then it was 7. 57. So two minutes later, I responded. Yeah. That would be awesome. Good man. And then he said, send me a link. So that's great. You know, okay. I like to we had no plan. We just kind of bounced all over the place. It was fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. No, that was good. Thanks for the, see, that's, that's got the producer. At his best. Just, oh, we should happen. It was good. I'm glad I had the Olympia stuff, too. You know, because it came up. And I think that when we put that video up, we may have mentioned it, but actually getting to see the guys pose. It triggers more thoughts. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I could put it in post production. But I'm glad he could see it as he was talking about it. You know, yeah. Yeah. It's awesome. So again, you know, we got to remind our Spotify listeners. This was kind of a built-in reaction episode. Yeah. I know that the, I know the audio people don't see the reaction episodes without the YouTube. So this one will maybe require them to go to the YouTube and watch a little bit at least the clips that we're watching. Well, most of Spotify is video now too. So it's cool. Yeah. Right. It's kind of tricky. But I do get the video uploaded to Spotify. So if you're watching, listening to the show on Spotify, then you can watch it too. Which are Spotify numbers are growing dramatically. Like when we first started, there was like 100 people listening on Spotify. And now, yeah. It's not quite writhling all the other. But it's Spotify versus everything else. It's not quite a lot. I know that there's other audio stuff too, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Besides, like the podcast app from Apple, there's also podcast ad, pod being bunch of other things that people use. Yeah. Especially, I don't get it. Those weird, like Android users. They don't have the Apple podcast app. So I'm not texting if you're green. I'm not doing it. It's just not. Blue only. It just feel like there's just something weird about that. Isn't it? Isn't there something? No. I'm going to put myself out there. The other week while you were gone, Ron, we, it was brought up. I need to take more hard stances on things. Yeah. I'm going to take a hard stance right here. If you text me and your text is green, I'm definitely going to think, I don't intentionally do it. So I apologize. I had a time. But I do think a little bit differently of you. Then if you don't, I think I have an iPhone. Sorry. I think because I saw this because actually this guy Kurt was at Nikki's show and he took pictures with an Android. Yeah. Look at you have a camera. Like a real, like he's talking about. Oh, it's like, okay. So your camera is definitely better at that. Yeah. Dad's a period of time. I mean, do they really, the picture that we're in new iPhone? I don't know. I don't know. That's the case. But they were, I mean, and he was, and the worst part was I was like up in the front filming. And he's back like seven rows from his chair. I'm like kneeling at my ass kicked for it. So, but I can't do it. I can't react to your, I won't, maybe I just want to like send you a heart. I can't do that. You know what I'm saying? Let me have you hearted. I'm like seeing motion on this. Scott, I come out of my coma. My mom is staying with me for a week because I can't drive. Yeah. And she would leave and I would text her. And then she would text me back in green. And I finally said, come get me. We have to go to Verizon. Yes. Okay. And I bought her a new phone because I didn't want to deal with it. I was like, you're getting an iPhone. She was like, I don't have that money. I'm like, I'm buying it because I don't want to look for her. You didn't know for her. I have this for me. I didn't tell you. I was doing this. My reaction when I see if I send someone a text. And it, and it's, you know, the green. You see the green. Oh, yeah. I think, oh, do they have bad reception or something? Because I think, oh, yeah. Can't possibly be that they don't have an iPhone. Correct. Because you know, like, if it can't go through, I message it says, do you want to send this text and it goes through? Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. But I was feel like, oh, they must be like, between towers or something. And we're driving. Are you driving? Yeah. Are you a cave somewhere? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks, everybody. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. And of course, I am mutant.com. Go to imut.com. Dusty 20 big run 20 get your ISO circuit. You're all in and everybody should get on the gear. Remember, the think big Patreon keep a producer home to thank you guys. You drop $5 on a monthly Patreon support to show and all of Scott's channel. That would be great. They're going to of course, we'll eventually going to build this up. And I know I'm not wearing it this week, but get a t-shirt. And we got more comment. We got some more stuff coming with the shirts. I've got to find that logo. I'll find that logo around. Yeah. I'm gonna do that, but I didn't. Yeah. I thought I didn't want to. Yeah. We got lots going on. Okay. Okay. Thanks, everybody. And remember, it's just body building.