five okay yeah yeah yeah there you go that's failure set for sure absolutely failure set you know question boom yeah screw your dumbbells yeah just drop them even though that's the magic to that yeah that annoys me when people say all well jaded volume not failure like no how to spot on a lot of sets yeah I think the latter the latter really shred it out there that's a great look for let's see last like what is it this is so crisp let's move over here and do the same thing yeah when did I see you last yeah when did you see go look at that that is better lighting yeah hey everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding reacts I'm your host big round parlor with dusty handsha and Scott the producer McNally what are we looking at today remember like share subscribe comment and ring the bell ring the bell Scott's gonna bring up j color a cut-up of from 1999 remember go to im mutant dot com buy some supplements off i am mutant dot com go get it used dusty twenty or big run twenty get your twenty percent off get your eyes to search get your all in and everyone should get on the gear white tights what do we think of the white tights gentlemen it was cast i'm even jealous if you look like that you're allowed i mean it is what it is it's the tights to get share the headband i mean that's a cut off sleeve i believe yeah is that a waistband off of a sweatshirt yeah yeah that's i don't know what that is it's a thing didn't you didn't we ask j about that headband when he was on the show i think we did oh yes he did he still had that that's frame something's all it's done yeah for sure for sure this is a good old days so people forget j got second the last in ninety nine yeah i often say you don't know that yeah but you got second second to last in ninety nine and you looked incredible so this video and i wonder where he's training this one of that was he still in Vegas at this point there's a still he's a nice he's a man yeah yeah he goes to Chris's condo yeah he's still driving he's still driving the old latel pathfinder in this one isn't easy he got that old pathfinder yeah land cruiser and land cruiser old one yeah carried all these lights up for the video also carry spot no you know she's been doing cardio in the garage to look good for this video man they had like the best divorce of all time did you know that oh yeah what do you mean when first they went out for a steak had a glass of wine he cut her check for like you know fifteen mil every half of the had and they just were like awesome all right they built together they split it and call the day yeah we built it together it went for a steak and glass of wine and that was it yeah not a huge deal that's how you do it boys and girls okay of course it helps if you have thirty million to split what it happened right not quite a sour I was going to I would have just split the bill I'm like wow he got a split this I mean yeah yeah he's gotten tight with one income yeah he was so great at that at the Arnold I was going to say that he was going to be a good guy with his accepted speech for for winning his the life time achievement award like everybody was so pumped for him to be up there that made so much sense you know this is hard to skip was I thought about going just to watch his because I knew they do do it like a video and I was like I don't know I missed that video yeah it was good he spent a lot of time giving credit to other people to the ganna I said we had a lot of money I never felt like we were only generating money sorry I'm just telling them that you think your buddy probably got a promise going threats make a story but I know they're probably trying to turn my heart off butooo that's really hard I just got to be with that Chris telling me how he told Jay like multiple times you are going to be Ronnie Coleman. Like he believed it and I think he told Jay so many times that Jay believed it, you know. Yeah. And you know, I know Jay says he didn't beat Ronnie at his best and all that, but Jay just can't help but give other people credit. Yeah. So that's a quick second to remind everyone that this is what second to last at the Olympia looks like. So now is it time to remember to stay in school kids. Yeah. And yeah. I remember watching this way back in the day. It was probably two, you know, a year old that was before Jay, you know, got second aka one, the O1 Olympia. And it just baffled me to see the size him plus having her spot him really helped me understand how big he was. I hadn't met him yet at that point. Mm. Right. And it does help to have a reference of other humans around guys. It really does. Yeah. To see how big they are when you don't know because I didn't know bodybuilding yet. And that I mean, the mass is out of control and that's nothing compared to what he was by the end. Yeah. Do you know how old he is here? He's only 26. You're kidding. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of bodybuilding left here. See this stride of glutes through the tights. Yeah. You know, it's crazy stuff. I'm not trying to get crazy weights. Three plates on the incline for multiple sets is plenty strong. He's done multiple sets with it. You know, three and a half wasn't he? Yeah. Three plates to and half plates he was using. See his glutes is strided through the pants. This whole, this whole thing, the like the set, the speed at which he takes his plates off. The kind of moving around the gym. I am having flashbacks to like every workout I had in the very early 2000s. You know what I mean? Like this was the look of every single workout. The cadence, everything about it. Yeah. Yeah. The gym. The gym. Yeah. Exactly. This is everything. Yeah. I mean, feet on the bed are off on a cable with it wrapped around his wrists of some. Oh, no, that's not. Yeah. And a good old feet up on the bench for the dumbbell presses. I remember I had a coach back in the day that actually told me to do that. Really? Yeah. He was like, well, it forces you to be very even with your, your, your power. You know, if you have one side stronger than the other, you'll really, really notice it. If you put your feet up because you lose your base, right? Yeah. But I mean, obviously, Jay is so perfect with his rep performance that he's still quite stable there with his feet up. Yeah. Yeah. A bit of a different feel when you put your feet up. How close to failure do you think that was? That's pretty close. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't she touching his elbow? Yeah. Right. Because you hear people say, like, oh, Jay, Jay didn't go to failure. You know, I had, yeah. I had this chat the other day with people about Jay that someone said, Jay didn't train to failure. And I'm like, Jay trained to tons of failure. Yeah. He had a spot. He had her hands around the bar a lot. Her hands around the elbows a lot. If you watch his press downs, he'll do like 10 reps. And then the last four or five reps have quite a bit of swing in them. Mm-hmm. So your past strict failure, his T bars and Benofer Rose had some swing in the last few reps. There was plenty of swing. All right. Let's see. Let's see how close he doesn't go to failure here. Yeah. Okay. Four. Five. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. That's failure set for sure. No kidding. You're set. You know question. Boom. Yeah. Screw your dumbbells. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a drop of me, even though that's the magic to that. Yeah. Yeah. That annoys me when people say, oh, well, Jay did volume not failure. Like, no. Yeah. How to spot on a lot of sets. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. volume. Yeah. Yeah. volume. Yeah. volume. Yeah. volume. Yeah. volume. volume. Yeah. volume. I've also. I've also. I've also. I've also. I've also. I've also heard that he only took really short like 30 second rest periods between the set. Yeah. Yeah. but it's gonna be slower for back. Yeah, so that was another fail set. She spotted them on that one too. Every single one had some face. We got three sets of failure on dumbbells alone. So far. Yeah. These are great. I love how he sets these up. You can see that pack is just like doing all the work. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. When I do my dumbbell fly as a specialian, kind of really like that thumb in, you know, that's slightly kind of thumb dominant. You know what I mean? Yeah, no training. Yep. People forget the pack is an internal rotator. So you're, you know, the old school guys used to turn their pinkies on the flies. They thought they'd touch their pinkies. Right. But that's not actually the full contraction of the pack. It's actually your thumbs. So that's a great fly. And she's spotting them, you know, a little bit the whole time. Boom. When are many sets she spotted a bottle over the years? Oh, God. When does she get to see those bodies? She knows bodybuilding more than most coaches do these days. Imagine what she's seeing. Yeah. She's with him when he started bodybuilding. Yeah. All right. And that'd be funny. Someone comes out. My next coach will be. Yeah. Caretop. Jay, Jay's ex-wife. She's like, yeah, I just really missed the space. I wanted him back into it. I'm taking some clients. You know, yeah. Yeah. Ten grand a piece. You know, she got charged more. She got a little empty. She's not limp yet coach. Like Ron. Yeah. Very impressive. When she sends you your first check in template. She asks what the temperature of your fridge is. He's got, you got to buzz it to the, to some posing. With the in Jay and Chris's house. Right. Not Ron, is that the temperature your fridge in the kitchen or that little fridge. She has in the bathroom, which the little fridge in the bathroom. Okay. Just check it. I deal ideal temperature for that one. Let's see. Let's see some posing. So this is a crisis house, huh? We've got pullovers going dumbbell. Providers. We're all school. I think this is about the end of the workout too. So he's going to finish with pullovers. Little later in the video. Here's, uh, look at this. Look at this. I don't know. See, though. Here we go. Oh, Chris and his ex-wife Laura Corval. Second place at the Olympia. People forget. Look at this. Second last at the oh, everybody. Who has not done the 900 different spots of posing for Chris. Chris and Chris look down there. Yeah. Look at that. What's Chris saying? It's turned it up. I've got to turn it up. You just watch it right now. I like when they're, he's writing on the paper. He's changing his food on the paper. Yeah. It's called a pen for kids with neurons. Oh, look at the last. Let's see if that's what it's trying to do. Let's see if that's what it's trying to do. Try something. Just go ahead and put that. Take a step closer to the sink. See what I'm going to take. See, I'm out sometimes. That was not so even then. I'm still thinking that second to second to last right here. Yeah. That's when I should have quit bodybuilding when I watched this. Yeah. For some reason I was motivated. Yeah. It should have debilitated us, but it might have been a bit of a excuse. We're not smoking. That's right. Oh, young that muscle was to look. I mean, it was huge, but didn't have the look it did by the end. I was just freaking wild. The lads are really shredded out there. That's a great look for kids. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. This is so crisp. Let's move over here and do the same thing. Yeah. When did I see you last? Yeah. Look at that. That is better light. Yeah. And you know how it is. It's better for the back, but it's not as good for the hands. You got to try to another room on the hands of it here. Yeah. You know what? Let me take one shot from there. I love this so much. It's just so cool. And then last night, we have to remember. Yeah. Chris never changed ever. No, it was the same the whole time. Worked then. No. I remember Chris came to my room once and closed the shit out of me. He just kept asking for shots over and over and over and over again. Yeah. I sweat through trunks before posing with Chris like days and foreshadows. I think it was on purpose. Yeah. Yeah. On hindsight. I just can't wait to run the fire. Two. Two. Two. Two. Put this in it. Yeah. When did it come up here? Sunday? I sat at a day. Sunday. Can you remember what day it was? It was a day. It was a day. Who died improperly. He literally is. Looks like he's so young. They both do. Another piece of paper. This is paper. This is paper. This is paper. This is paper. This is paper emails for kids who are watching now. Jayey, no meal. There's probably more footage of him eating oatmeal than any other food. I watched an hour of it once on a material video. I'll be at my assumption as there should be a set. You should be less than 2601. It might be 258. Not like that set. You should be less than 2601. You might be 258. But that's it you're done. I can't be so many. Maybe that's the fact that you're up a tide. The thing is the high days are not really put it in. I'm trying to do what I did last time for the last show. That's a belly you're setting salt. My high days and my car days when my load days are jacked up. Yeah, just jack keep it high all the time. It's better to keep it high all the time. I'm just worried about. No, if you wait, we bounce at 272 to say it's only water. This is like, it makes you look so cool. This is so cool. Not as cut but it'll make your muscles swell. So on your load days, they want to flate. The more blown up they are on your foot, the higher it is, less than when you die tough. You're not going to shrink. You can see Jay just taking it in. Okay. Okay. I'll do that. But it's closer harder than four days ago. That's why I said was a young, you can use this week. 10 days is a good progress for a week. That was a good week for a quarter. Good progress for a day. How many kinds of are we going for? Every kind of. Every kind of. Every kind of. Which is only four. Five kinds of. You're going to miss your lumpy. Five little kinds of. Five. Five. Every kind of. Teen nationals. Full moon champion. Tried a minute champions. National champions. National champions. Arnold. I'm going to. I'm going to. Olympia. Pretty quick progress for him huh? Pretty much as his best. You know. Right there. You know nothing crazy. Loose a couple of poms and try to be as caught in his bag as you can. Try to avoid mistakes. That's all. Yeah. It's freaking awesome man. Man. It's just that that brings back so many memories of Prep and with Chris like everything he said there. He said to me a hundred times like, yeah, like just how. I just. Man, it reminds me of how people try to sound so smart. Oh, do this and do that and do this and do that and do this and then he's like, Hey, he lives a couple pounds. No, no, let's say you're done. You learn. No. Just try to be big. Yeah. I love that line there. Try to be really cut and really bigger. Yeah. It's big as you can. You know, how many days ago did they see you as a four. I thought it was a good progress for a week, but I guess it's been five days. Yeah. Yeah. They just that that's just so Chris man. That's funny. Everything about that is accurate. Yeah. Probably didn't even make. I know the cameras were rolling in the edit, but I. I am not joking. It is very possible that they did not even discuss pharmaceuticals in that. And that check in. No kidding. Well, he saw him five days before. Yeah. Maybe he made an adjustment and there's this no need to speak of it. Yeah. It might not have even gotten mentioned. And people just they have a hard time understanding that that's possible. The amount of time that that wasn't discussed. I mean, I've had him say like weeks into a prep. What are we doing? What are you on? Yeah. Like he won't even know. The second prep I did with him. I remember I asked him a question about a specific thing. Like, hey, why aren't we doing this? And he goes, oh, he looked good. We don't need it. Yeah. I didn't even know we weren't doing it. But when I brought it to everybody, it was, you look fine. Don't worry about it. I still tell people that I've said it before this story. The first time I worked with them, I was off everything back in the old days when we were off. I was off, right? Yeah. And I started with him and he's like, okay, well, take a sustenance. What do you have? And I go, I've saved some sustenance. Take a sustenance and send me picks and ten days. And that was it. And that was it. It was very from that. Just take one app. Send me picks and ten days. Send him picks and ten days. And he goes, you're up six pounds. Oh, yeah. Okay. 10 more days. You know, at one point I message him one time and I said, he's Chris, like, I'm real happy with how I look. But I'm like 10 weeks out. And I'm just wondering, like, am I on enough stuff? You know, I am supposed to be doing a super heavyweight show. Yeah. Yeah. You know? And he responds like, yeah. You're way, it's pretty high. I guess. Really on anything. I can get some of this. Let's get some of that. It's, you know, it's just funny. Yeah. Not the priority at all. Not the priority. Just the pictures of the priority. And if he saw it in the pixie would have told me to take it. The break up, you know. Yeah. And if he saw an issue, he would have started asking more questions, right? You know, if you were big enough for hard enough, then he would say, he, you know, he'd figured out. But yeah. Yeah. I love that. Okay. Okay. So good. So good. Me too, it was more of a thing than anyone else. Sorry, guys. Hey, it just as a viewer here hanging out with you guys. This might have been my favorite reaction so far. Honestly. I was, you know, that it was, I watched you guys light up watching their circus. It was a success. Like, that was, that was really cool to me. Oh, right. To the react I. I, that was never good enough to be that great of a body builder. I was never good enough to work with Chris Asito. But I have a ton of respect for him and the work that he did. and the CEO guys laid up like that, watching him. And it is pretty special. That's pretty special. Yeah. He is a funny dude, man. It's just, and my never-wings it's treated the same, too. Like that's Jay, you know. And I know that he, he sold us before. We've heard the stories many times, but that was back in the day where, you know, like obviously we were just opening email accounts back then. We weren't sending pictures yet or anything, right? So Jay would drive two hours to see him. Pose for Chris even said many times he was there for 15 minutes. Sometimes he'd eat. Sometimes he was, sometimes he was, sometimes he'd eat in the car and carry it with drive, you know? Like, and he would just come and pose and then leave. And that was every, every week at least once. And he did that for a whole prep, you know. So just that commitment to get those eyes on him at those times, it was a different age, you know. You got training, cardio, eating, and four hours to driving once or twice a week to go to Chris. Reminder for clients who have a hard time getting the time to take photos to send you. Good pictures. You can't even get good pictures. Oh, I got a great recording. Yeah, right? Right? Yeah. Yeah, try to drive backwards back and forth to him to go. Yeah, everything looks good. I'll see you in a few days. And no change is nothing. Yeah. You imagine the wife that be like with Chris, it'd be like, you know, in a 18 week prep or whatever, there'd be like at least 10 visits where he says no changes. And you know the wife is sitting there the whole time home. No changes. I can't believe it. We're going to race. I put a scene my mother today. Yeah. I think to do. Yeah. Yeah. OK. OK, everyone remember like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Dusty 20, big run, 20. Everyone should get on the gear. Go to I am mutant.com. Of course, thanks to Scott to Producer McNally. Remember the big Patreon. Thank you guys. Praise to a cup of coffee. You can contribute to making Scott filthy rich. There we go. We got my grill. Yeah. We're just so good. Well, you don't want to like, you want to like show your money off. It makes people cool. It's true. You got to get the like the health care first and then the grill. Yeah. That's the stuff for the future. The grill's the last thing to come by the time you get to grill, you don't care what people think. Yeah. OK. We're set. We're everybody. It's just body building. Reacts. I never get sold. No. Thank you guys. And both of you have a safe trip. And thank you again for hanging out with me and stuff. It's your awesome. When you get a chance, I sent both of you that link to I put together a little little. Yes. I'm going to watch it. It's no big deal. I have one regret. What's that? The next time that happens, we have to go to the show together. Oh, I was just so tired. I couldn't have done it. I was understood. Like kind of clocked that night. I couldn't not go. Like I was exhausted too. I couldn't not go. Like it was such the next the next time we have the chance. We have to all go together, sit together, walk around together. People will engage us. They're like, oh, it's just body building guys. I know. I met a bunch of listeners, by the way. Yeah. After the show, I met a several love them. And then one of them, I met Dave years ago, Palombo. But I hadn't talked to him and forever. And somebody was like, I was like, oh, hey, Dave, can I get a picture with you? And then the listeners were standing there and like, do you ever listen to his shows? You ever listen to Scott's shows? And that's why I was like, Dave, we'd love to have Yon. And he's like, yeah, I just have, you don't have runner dusty text me. And I was like, OK. He didn't want to give me his number, but you know, that's something. OK. Well, I know Chris has mentioned it to him before. So we should do it. He'd be great. He'd be great. OK. OK. Thanks, guys. Thank you guys. OK. I'll see you in a couple of days. Bye.