I look at some of my fashion guys back in the day. Oh my goodness. I mean, the pants like, I mean, way too long because they had a fit, you know, I would talk them up in my crotch because my legs wouldn't rub together. I would say, the cardio right, we talked to short it to there or whatever. So I mean, the shirts, I wore four axes. I mean, I was, I was hard to order four axes. But I still look at it and I'm like, how did I look like a clown? You know, wearing those big outfits. All right. One of my favorite things that you're as is in some of your really old videos. Like, I think you're still living out east. Um, you've got it. It looks like you cut the waistband off a shirt and use it. Use it as a headband. You wear a belt. It was a little gym towel Ron actually. Oh, you cut a strip off of it. The strip that was like this much night, I just, it was a thing. And this is now world famous. Like, price sell that headband like now sell like a market those. And I wrapped around my head and I was sweating and I'm like, I'm going to put this, this ripped up towel on my head and I never realized now, it would catch. I don't think people cared about it 20 years ago to be honest. I think now it gets more attention now than it did 10, 15, 20 years ago. No. Right. It was a part of our core headband ever. We watch everything gets watched now. So they pay attention. I can tell you this week, along four people have hit me up. I even today, Val hit me about the headband today. Yeah, this morning he sent me an old video and he's still reminiscing about how big I was and he's like, dude, what about that headband? I love that thing. It's a good thing. What's great is it was a video. You might have worn that like one to we were like, I'm for that chest video. And you know, I was flexing and I think I put it on just for like a couple sense. I think that was it. That was part of your life. If here's here's a good one. If you had to start a concrete business, but you could only hire pro bodybuilders. Who would you hire and who wouldn't you hire? Branch, good. Sure. Branch, Lauren would be the best worker ever. No, everybody knows that. I mean, I'd branch. What about who wouldn't you hire? No chance. Probably big ramen. We've been for me because he's just too big to do anything. I think. Right. He gets too hot. He'd be like, I think it, you know, I don't know if he would like to be like, if he would work. I just see Branch like, I don't know. I can see. I see Branch taking over the job site. Yeah, yeah. Branch is intense with everything. I guess, both of them one time, Jay, we were walking through a casino. And he's walking. I thought we were hunting something. Yeah. I'm running behind in a final branch where we going. And he's like, what do you mean? I'm like, are we going to kill something? He just starts a laugh at him. Like, he has a certain even walk about him, right? That he's just like, I thought he had a knife. I mean, we were going somewhere. Did he ever invite you to go hunting? Now we never really kids. I'm not into, like, I grew up in the farm and I hunted as a kid. And I never want to kill anything guys. I'll be honest, like, I was working as Latin. I just, I don't know my brothers. My brothers hunt still. And I had to kill the chickens and, I mean, I used to shoot wood trucks and stuff. The night learned to shoot a gun when I was like, six years old. I'm just, I have guns, but I'm not a huge fan of, of, well, you better have a gun. You live in Vegas. Yeah, and Hans. And how pretty much, over here. What's your favorite moment with Ronnie Coleman? My favorite moment was in Pittsburgh in 2003. We were in a night club, getting a, like, a, like, a bar, like, it's a bar club, whatever. And I remember like, we were kind of like interacting and having a good time. Whatever. And Ronnie Coleman sat against the wall. He was in in the plaid, you know, the NPC plaid pants and the matching top. Any have that the sleeves cut because we just guessed closed that man in show. And I was there. Gunther was there. All the top guys, whatever. And we were hanging out. And Ronnie sat there against the wall and he just bobbed his head and they just played hip hop all night. Right. And we would probably, they had, like, three hours, right. Ronnie didn't move once and people walking by like, they would double take because the veins were sticking, you know, he was 300 pounds. And I remember we got in the car and Rico from NPC says he said Ronnie, did you ever good time? And he goes, Hell yeah. He can move the whole night. He just didn't talk to one person and Ronnie was like, he asked a question if he lit up like a little kid. He goes, Hell yeah. He just sat there listening to Dr. Dre on night. He's probably he is the most happy go lucky guy that there is like he loves like he just loves his life. And that's so great to see. Well, what do you think, me and Dusty have talked about this a lot, but the, the whole body builders thriving on routine and routine being necessary to be good at body building. What do you think comes first, the person who needs routine or does the body building create the need for routine? I think you depends how deep you get, but it's funny. I just did a YouTube video on this this morning for Jay locking actually. We talked about routine because Dave was telling me how he went and shot Flex Lewis like two weeks ago and he was in a good routine and he's like dude, I don't know how you do this. The balance, the meals and the training and still have the energy to do all this and then you come home and you get back into the and you guys both know traveling like crazy especially in ranch or national stuff like it's hard to fall into that so. You need, you know, you create that lifestyle right and I taught that's my box like that you're talking about my box because you have to fall into. I mean, we talked about even training with certain outfits like when I do legs, I had to wear a certain pair of shorts that draped over my legs the right way when I swatted to make it feel right. I had to wear a certain shoe. I had to train in a certain gym on certain piece of equipment or go under a bar that was in a certain corner because that mirror just worked well for me. We come very superstitious right like so much. Oh my gosh if I changed this, this is going to affect like I've had progression so I don't want to regress right so. I think you create that lifestyle, I think you create that boxy lifestyle. I think it's not for some some people can never seem to find the. The perfect atmosphere. I think if I wanted to give an example and nothing to be negative like Chris Cormier, right, we always talk about the potential. But Chris never seemed to hone in on, okay, this is the routine and use the top, Chris used to tell me you're too serious about what you do. And then of course I had the success and I think he respects that but you know he was a huge mentor to me by the way he was very, very helpful with my career. And but I always respected the fact that Chris could shut off and then go live his lifestyle and then he come back and you know. Direction like relationships and how you live your life. And I think I'm a little too anal about things still. Like I have to sometimes find myself like, wait a minute, Jay, like you're not training for this or you know, you're diving for this. I just think it's a sickness and so on. I was just saying, but they've become a, yeah, it's a personality thing though. Yeah. But when I say a sickness, you both laugh because you know what it's obsessive, right? Yeah. Well, that's the thing is I mean, I joke up at that all the time because I find the body builders that that I know that are very successful are like me because if someone said to me, you know, where's your, where's your light soy sauce? I'd be like third self up, third bottle on the left. Yeah. And they're like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. It'll let people like put shit back in my house because they won't put it where it goes. No. It's a, I, I saw, I've seen a few pictures of you standing on a skateboard and it made me think, is there anything that you, is there anything that, you know, if you could have had a free hour a day during all those years to do something else, what would you have picked? And it wouldn't have affected your body building or anything, just like a free hour where you could have done anything else. Anything besides my couch, my desk or the kitchen. Yeah. Yeah. Something else. Something like a free hour. Yeah. I mean, listen, I do it now. I skateboard. I ride the quad, I even go up and down the street. One thing I miss, I was, I wrote ATVs growing up. I'm jealous of how a Reagan Grimes right now that he gets to go to that dirt track. And I mean, he's a little big for that 450, but I like what he's doing. And people, like, say, oh, he's crazy, but you know what that kids live in his life. And, and now I wish I had a track that I could go to right close to my house like that. Did you'd read some ATVs or some dirt bikes? I haven't been in my garage. It's just a little hot and vague as to be honest. Like, I wrote motorcycles, you guys seen the videos I've had bikes. It's just too dangerous. I just value my life so much now that I just, I don't want to risk things. It's funny at 25 or even 30. I didn't think past all when you're 40 or 45. Like, I was one of those guys that, like, if I had a choose, okay, you're gonna have to cut your life short, but you're gonna be the greatest body of the plan. I would say, okay, I'll take that. Where's today? I can, I want to live to 70. And I used to think 47 was coldest. It can be, right? Oh, yeah. Bearing out. I'm like, man, I don't look so bad for 47, right?