What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast. With Dave Crosslin, I'm Scott McNeill, all of our programming is brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you for your support. We've got a couple of Patreon questions today. Hey, if you're new here, let me encourage you to subscribe, hit the bell. All that stuff, comment, like all those things. They helped a booster programming algorithm. And you guys do it for an awesome job at that. We're brought to you by Tuneutrition.com. Use our code Think SupplementSource.ca for Canadians and Strom Sports Nutrition for those of you in the UK. Plus if you're in the UK, you can get your labs done by Dave at E-Vale. Dave, we've got a bunch of list of questions. We're going to get into those. If you guys have questions, comment below. But for starters, I wanted to dive straight into this video that I found. Have you seen this? Oh, the Jesse James West thing. No, I haven't. I don't, I don't, I don't know. I do not want anything. I don't. Well, we are today. We're going to watch us today. It's going to be fun. And then after that, we're going to tackle this. Your questions. Guys, we always have timestamps below. If you want to, you know, click through anything. Let's see. I'm just going to hit the play button. We'll watch a little intro. And then we're going to cut to the part where he's at the E-Vale booth at the Arnold, I believe. Let's see. And if caught, you can be sentenced to years in prison. Thousands of dollars of fines and even be considered a felon. If you were in the US. But we're in the UK, baby. And they're legal. Yeah. Say nothing if you're on steroids. Oh, non-addy. I have four goals this weekend. One, I want to talk to the Jim Bros. See what they have to say about the UK steroid epidemic. Two, speaks of the biggest fitness influencers in the UK. Three, speak to the experts. That's you, day. That's you, day. Four than I do. Because let's be real. I only know a little. And four, the final and most difficult one of them all, find a steroid dealer. Two, okay. Let's cut forward here. I'm going to cut to the part where he gets to the E-Vale booth. And I thought that was interesting. So I saw, I think I saw Ramana there. And if you'd remember that interview, Zach, he, if you'd just lower the interview tonight's in styles. He's in a few. He's in a few. That's Josh, interview the couple of researchers. Oh, okay, hold on a second. I'm getting an ad here. I don't have ad blockers. So we have to get through this ad first. Here we go. Good fine to answer. No matter if you ask, I'm very scared to ask. People are stuff like every ever. Hey, that's Nathan Styles in the background, isn't it? I'm going to throw off really strong. Are you not here, no? No, I'm definitely not. I'm, I'm everything. You say, I'm on it. Are you natural or not? No, no. I'm natural as the more the far food. Hey, Zach. What a ****. What a ****. What a ****. Twice as much. Is it easy to get PD's in the UK? Yes. Do you know a guy? Baby. Just take on the legalization of the antibiotics. Who is that? I don't know him. Josh Lloyd's, one of our athletes. He also works for as well. He's a very good amateur. He's got some freaking incredible arms and doubts on him. And Pat and Pat, Stu. He looks like a big dude. He is a big dude. He's, he's probably. I'm guessing he's around two, 72, 80 there. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He looks all of it too. What's he doing? But he just takes place. Oh yeah. He's back. Come down to personal use. Personal use can come in many checks and forms of your responsible. They can't be used very well. Yeah. They should legalize steroids in the way they seem to be. It should legalize. Storos can be a good thing. And if it's going under market, there's a lot of underground labs. What are basically selling rubbish? Do you think? Pat to put closed captions under Zack when he talked. Did you notice that? Legalization of steroids in the UK is good or bad. I personally. Ramana. It's bad because if you're not informed, you can end up doing yourself a lot of damage. I think additionally what needs to be addressed is a stigma around steroids in the UK. Quite often, healthcare professionals will be quite demonizing about it and not necessarily help the people that are going to them. Really? Yeah. I'm sure you're going to decide because you're on gear. Don't worry about it. Stop taking steroids. Do you think that there's any chance that because it's legal technically, that Younger kids might get their hands on an easier? Yes. And as I said to my earlier, quite the same risk of them getting hold of anything easier. It's just what drug you hold of. So far. Hey, is this Alex that we talked to here? Yes. Frankly, no, is it for the season of all is what it says? So, very common. So this is Alex that we talked to who was doing the research on the UK. To see if it basically a steroids create epigenetic changes to your muscle. Yes. And he was with a guy who's doing a book now on antibiotics. Okay. But not a technical book. He's doing a book looking at antibiotics as a culture. Oh. Okay. Let's see what he says. Hey. That is by far the most common way. Yes. So the best academic guess is right now. One million antibiotics are reduced in the UK. Is the UK in a steroid epidemic? It could be a burgeoning health problem. And there's 10,000,000. One million. One million. So it reduces recreation now. And there was 10, 20 years ago. So because people are very prevalent using them at the UK, is that affecting the health care and the country of the UK? What? Could do in the future. That's the thing. If there is a million users right now and say even only 5% of them abuse it, then there's still a lot of thousands of people that could have health consequences. The National Health Service is potentially going to have to be the burden. And then he goes to Dave here's Dave here. If he said a million people in the UK, is that true day of a million people are using gear in the UK? So the last ASUK project looking at number of users. I think they came back with saying they estimate around a top end figure around 160, so you're around 650,000. Okay. I feel and I've said this to them. I feel that that research is a little flawed because of the revenues they use to get the numbers. Yeah, I can see for my perspective as an American, I thought that I didn't even know there was a million people in England. I thought there was like maybe a couple handful of people that lived in England because it's such a small island. You know, compared to my big country. I'm kidding. He's getting guys. There's only 74 of us. I've been there. I've been to the northern Northern England. Dave, it was all countryside in little hamlets and stuff. That was it. I would be with Dave. I would say we're looking at the, I would say we're looking at around a million. Yes. Alright, and let's see what he's getting right. Talk to the big guy guys. Let's see what he has to say about Dave. He came with horrible consequences. He's now an asshole. Oh, we got to roll it back a little bit here. Oh, cross line. There we go. We need a burden on the health care system. I was interviewing athletes at the Eval booth. They all recommended that I speak to you. He said Eval. He said Eval. David Crossland. A former bodybuilder who was a part of a steroid experiment was let him to grow up to 460 pounds. 60? He came with horrible consequences. He's not a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of bodybuilding type. He is an expert, court witness in the steroids of the... I know that guy. I know that guy. I know that guy. That's what I'm going to call you right now. Our steroids legal here. They are legal to possess but not supply. If you can use them but you can't sell them or you can't give them to anybody, however people getting it. There is no criminal activity for purchasing them. The criminal activity is on the side of the person's lying to them. The only one at risk is the dealer. Yes. Really? If I'm giving you a normal, let's say a monthly dose, it would be like a typical amount of time or the fine that it would be. Very literally if anything, it's all. The cost of prosecution is not worth the social impact of what you're doing. So you can kind of get away with it. How is it more likely to get away with it? A lot of officers just don't know the law. They're not very experienced with it. Enforcement of those compounds being supplied is actually generally quite low. Check this out. When I first arrived to the UK, I'm quite... What did you think Dave? What did you think of all this? I found him genuinely interested. He's doing it for revenue. He's doing it for his channel. It's kind of like sensational and stuff. Sure. Yeah. The question is he asked what sensible he was genuinely interested. I think he genuinely found a subject matter of interest in an intriguing. He had a certain expectation for the content he wanted to get in the sense of... Sure. The professionalism of it. Oh, okay. So you got a bit frustrated because we got quite a bit of background noise when we were outside. We moved, looking at it. Oh, and it was one because we kept getting disturbed. Really? But yeah, I mean, he was fine. A little bit full on, but I believe he's just his personality. I think he said he had a sort of, you know, some sort of attention disorder type personality trait. And he tended to be a bit all and off him. But yeah, I mean, initially approached us via... It spoke to a few pros over here that all pointed him to me. Okay. So then he spoke to me and then he's assistant spoke to me and it was just like, Will meet or we'll do this with you. Yeah, I found whatever. So like to meet you in the hotel if you want to do it away from the show. Yeah. Or whatever. You know, it was whatever they wanted to do. Anyway, they came around the booth at the show. And he went off. We would have good hour and a half recorded. Okay. And then he said, could he come back to the booth? And I was like, yeah, come, you know, meet a few people. So I'd obviously turn open. He'd if he was that poor a lot. He interviewed Raman, interviewed Josh, he interviewed Nathan. And then the research has turned up. So he interviewed them as well, which he just worked really well for him. It looked it turned out cool. Man, I watched the whole thing too. So I thought I did a good job. I honestly, it's funny because it popped up in the algorithm for me. I didn't even like seek it out. I just watched it. And I was like, oh, there's Dave. And then of course we had to bring that on. We had that commercial that we played the other, the end of the last episode as a cliffhanger. So I guess we'll have to play that one another day. You know, we could only do so many like watch so many videos. We could just do like a whole episode of like all we do is just sit here and watch videos. You can do that if you want to be. Yeah, it's looking a dick. Yeah. Yeah. But that was cool. Andy mentioned evil, which is awesome. You know what I mean? It's a, I was telling him, yeah, I found him in action of boat. Obviously, I don't know what he's like as a person right there. Sure. He was, he was pleasant enough and he seemed to do it just this. I got, I got the Guardian on the phone yesterday. They coming up to see me. Oh. That's a week, week. So they're doing a piece as well. And then what are the guys that turn up for the book with the researchers? He's doing this book. I said he's doing this book, but on on several culture rather than like the harms or the. I'm seeing a lot of that. I've seen a lot of that. I had Victoria just talked with people from GQ about like the social side of the politics and somebody pointed a guy from the, I think I told you about it with the UK sun newspaper called the sun. It's shithole. Is it? Yeah, well, I didn't interview with them. I didn't, okay. I didn't interview with them about that same topic. So it seems like all these magazines and papers are like, it's really starting to kind of, I think, and I think as mentioned in this video, you talked about it. You, they bring you back a little bit later and you mentioned something about the fake natties and there, there's some sort of legislation or something possibly in the UK. So what was the deal with that? There is. So a couple of weeks before I've done that conference up at Newcastle. And one of the speakers was a girl who was talking about legislation around social media market and influence. And there is already legislation in place that sort of controls the misrepresentation of a product through ill and realistic imagery. I found the clip of you talking about it here. Let's see what Dave says. America and other places, it's like taboo. We're having a growing exposure with decentralized people to it. The more you see it, the more you hear about it, the less sensationalistic it is. Globally the UK has pioneered more open discussion about the subject full star. I mean there's more athletes here openly discussing what they do, particularly within the bodybuilding community. So the pros being open has been a step forward to say, I think these things, but I ain't doing that much. You don't need to be doing five grams, six grams to be a pro. You need to focus on your training and your diet. These are a secondary action. These are not the primary goal. That brought me to the next task. Interview the top thing. I thought that was the part. They must have brought you back there at another point then. You were in there a few different spots. Anyway, yeah, that'd be cool if they'd be interesting if they do that. They said there is legislation around misrepresentation of the effects of a product. And part of that is what this girl was suggesting was that we may get to a point where a influencer or somebody with a physique, who's marketing a supplement will have to have a little disclaimer. And the bottom that basically says this physique is not a direct result of using this product. Yeah, that wouldn't be a bad idea. All that stuff from way back though, to like the beginning of bodybuilding, you know, Jacqueline, something, you know, elastic bands in the back of magazines telling people they're going to get jack with them, you know? Yeah, so that's the general rule. I mean, she, she had said she had posed. It was more opposing questions, but she had suggested that she didn't feel the making a influencer declare their usage was ever going to be viable. Yeah. But the basic underlying driver, it was that she, they were, they were questioning whether it should be made legal or should be made a condition of social media or influencers. That they were to declare what they did to achieve the look they had. Because metric surgery be chemical enhancement, that they could not claim they were natural. If they weren't, they could not claim they built a physique through natural products. If they didn't, and that they couldn't even intimate that through the fact that they visually showed themselves advertising the product. The reality is that's probably never going to happen because of the legality of this drug use in different countries. True. But what would be a way of moving forward would be disclaimer that this physique was not built from using this product or something of that nature. Okay. So it's being looked at whether it goes anywhere or not, we don't know, because I mean, the resolution in place that does regulate a lot of this already, but it's getting the social media platforms to. Actually in force it and then being practically able to enforce it is another problem as well. All right. Well, listen, let's jump into our listener questions because we do have a bunch of them, but I wanted to start out with that because I thought it'd be fun. And I'm especially excited because you didn't even get to see it yet. Yeah, there is more. He brings you back a couple more times to the video. So you got to, you got to go to a good chunk of screen time there. You'll have to check the rest of it out. And it's cool to see everybody else from e-valve there. I like to see it that. So first question of the week here and by the way guys, if you want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment below plus all your comments and likes, all that stuff. It helps to boost our programming and the algorithm. He says a friend of mine had a question. So this isn't apparently for him. This is for a friend Dave. He says, is there any blood work that can be done to show the methyl estrogen created by meant? There will be, but I know UK wise he's not commonly available. You probably, if you state-sad, you've probably got blood work state-sad is is much better for getting shit and it's a bit left of center. Yeah. UK, it's a very specialised feel. Not a lot of labs will offer it. You're a thin's might. I've never particularly asked them. Now, you're a thin's is the biggest private lab concern in the UK. It's a big big lab. Really? And if we want to do a sensitive estrogen chest, they actually send it to another lab. They don't do that in-house. Okay. And the biggest the reason being round that is is the commercial viability of tests. So if we've got time, I can explain it, but it's not a five minute. It's not a long conversation. It's not a five minute conversation. When? Yeah. Yeah. People just want to know what to do. I mean, you could, I guess if, okay, I guess there's going to be at least two people who are going to be like, Hey, I want to know. So they're going to be pissed if I don't let you explain it day. That's what's going to happen here. So tell us. I'll do a very sum down version. Yeah. The lab set up machines to repeat one set of tests continuously. Okay. It's viable. So what they do is a machine has to be set up. It has to be programmed to do the test you want it to do. And the reagent is required for that test, has to be fitted into the machine. To change a machine to do different tests takes time. So what they tend to do is to love one machine FBC. Oh, no. One machine doing certain panel of hormones on them. And these machines, that's all they ever do. Okay. You end up with a load of machines dedicated to individual testing. When you start getting to specialist testing, you end up having a machine that has to be recalibrated, reset, the selective reagent used for that test. And it's done manually. Commercial labs tend not to do that. Two expensive text to long. So you tend to find those tests only in specialist medical labs attached to specialist hospitals. They do commercial. They do sell that service out. But because the time constraints is not commercially viable for main lab. So there's only a few labs do it over here. It sounds expensive. Big of population in states, bigger requirements are in testing. More viability that a lab will have dedicated machines to do so in testing because there's more people wanting it. There's a lot of guys using ment over here too. So, you know, there's that. All right. Casey from Patreon and thank you for your support over at Patreon. Casey, he says, around how much will your test increase per hundred milligrams of test? Roughly. And this. So this is a few variables here. Body must being one body fat being a new. Genetic being a new. And I'll do a quick example of genetic changes in a second. But I would expect to see somewhere in the region of about 18 to 20 and more than a hundred milligrams. What is that roughly equate to in American numbers? What's your open limit? Is it a hundred? There's two different limits. One of them's about a thousand. One of them's like 900. Quick conversion. Two seconds. 600. Oh, okay. Yeah. So 600. Okay. Lovely. Yeah. Yeah. I could see that give or take depending on the individual, right? We've seen what we've talked about before. One guy takes 300 to get into range, whereas most guys are taking far less. 100, 150 to have like a good healthy TFT level. Yeah. I mean, surprisingly for a fat bastard, I actually metabolized test slower. So my levels will stay elevated for longer than normal with fat people. You metabolized test quite quickly because you converted to east region at an extremely high rate. Whereas I actually, I mean, like my TIT is one middle of prescription source every three weeks and that keeps me at good levels. Yeah. I don't go through it very quickly, which is possibly why I grew the way I grew and what I did. Oh, yeah. Whereas I know people that will need the same drug, the same prescription every 12 days, because that the metabolized name much quicker. So yeah, it can vary quite significantly from person's person. Yeah. I need about 250, such every other day to stay in a good healthy range. Personally, that keeps me in a good spot, you know, just good healthy normal. A little pre-mo. Maybe. Just to keep my pre-mo levels, you know, it's like a high natural range usually. Yeah, because obviously just suppose to get out to you because you are a sports person. Yeah. Somebody commented this week. They're like, you one way to trigger Dave mentioned sports TRT. That's true, man. Every time somebody says something like that, you have your, your tirade, which I'll have to, we'll have to find one of those guys. We'll see if we can trigger Dave was sports TRT again. How about this one? This is juice 250. This is his name. Question for the next DNS podcast. My doctor has me at 140 milligrams of test sip, which keeps me around 800 milligrams. So, you know, US levels. She says, in between blood work, sometimes a boost up to 400 milligrams of test sip. How long would I expect to take my levels to drop back down within range after switching back to 140? I usually wait around two months, and that does the trick, but maybe I'm waiting too long. What else would tip my doctor off that I'm raising the dose here and there? So, this is a common thing, man. You know, and I'm all for guys doing what they want to do, but in, and I'm all for going to your doctor. But you will find some TRT doctors don't want you to, you know, surprise, surprise, double your medication. They call that a abuse, you know, while you're not checking in with them. So, it can be tricky. It can be tricky. What are your thoughts here, though, Dave? So, the quickest way to get it down is to not do anything. Yes. And we've done this before about how I'll evaluate levels to elevate the post cycle when you go straight on to your T. So, if he, if he does his elevated period, when he finishes elevated period, he does nothing. For two, three, four weeks depending on how high he's gone to allow his levels to drop down, and then he picks his T.R. to e-backel. Where it's not necessarily going to tip his doctor off, but it might get his doctor asking a few questions. Is the negative impacts that testosterone's going to have in the sense of lowering his H.D.L. or thickening his blood? Yes. So, he's doctor may look at actually lowering his T.R.T. dose. If he's seeing H.D.L. get slammed or he's seeing blood thickness and become a problem. So, if he's going to do these higher cycles in between, which, as you've already said, is entirely his choice, he needs to also look offsetting the negatives that they create, which will be blood thickness. So, he may need to do a bloodlet before he goes to his doctor for his check-up. He's going to need some extra H.D.L. support to offset the fact that it's going to notice H.D.L. level. If he clears it down, slowly enough, because he really needs two or three weeks of being at natural levels running into his check-up, otherwise he'll see e-sugine high as well, and probably start looking at, well, we need to do something to bring the e-sugine down, which is going to be calculated, doctor, long-term. e-sugine can run anywhere between a week and two weeks behind test. So, for arguments say, you create a test level, and I'll speak American, you create a test level to 1600. and your eastrogen goes up to respond that you then drop that level quite rapidly because you just don't take anything so you're going to drop within line of your your half-life of your drug. Your eastrogen is going to stay high for a couple of weeks before each starts to come down. So you've got to have just factoring that fact that eastrogen is always going to be behind but yeah I mean the quickest and most efficient way would be to stop what you're doing do nothing. Let it come down. I then restart your T.R.T. rather than trying to bring your T.R.T in because you're looking at about two months so he's time in I actually don't think he will be elevated for long before his check if he's waiting two months I think you'll find probably week six weeks seven is where he drops back into range and he's only just getting into it before they check it. Yeah and we would we've talked about like you said we've talked about this before in regard to coming off cycle going back to T.R.T. You gave us a great explanation you know on it and I guess guys could go back and listen to that and the other thing when people talk to us about this topic that we always want to mention is look at your other factors it's not just that tested estrogen right I mean what's it doing to your hematic crit what's it doing to your cholesterol if those things are messed up and then you go back to your doctor and you've got high hematic crit crappy cholesterol he's going to say oh my god your test was you know fine but you're ruining your health with it we can't have you on T.R.T because your hematic crit's through the roof you know I'm gonna pick a bone with you yeah why it's not your hematic crit you want to be concerned about it should red blood cell count and your hemoglobin okay well I'll go with that but if I would say though hematic crit is what we usually see though is being highly elevated so hematic crit is a measurement of the number of red cells in a volume of blood okay if hematic crit is high and hemo and red blood cells are normal your dehydrated you do not have thick blood you are dehydrated you have to have a hemo or high reds to have thick blood irrespective of what hematic crit reads okay generally in the cases of somebody running high gear if they have high high you know and high red so you will have high hematic crit yes yeah but do not use hematic crit is a standalone mark of that's my point fine right guys one of the common questions we get asked by you guys is what would you do differently with your body building if you could go back in time given all the experience and education I have today there's a number of things that I would have done differently one of them is that I want to start using collagen sooner collagen is one of the few supplements that will actually rebuild connective tissue it took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program I use true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef collagen I get the unflavery version I pay for it myself just like you guys do I use 20 grams a day makes it into my coffee it's totally unflavery you don't even taste it plus I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin creatin has been shown to improve brain health especially for the aging brain I need that and of course you know we've always known about the muscle building effects so this is my morning routine every day and I'm encouraging you guys to do the same use our code thank for savings plus it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard otherwise they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app all right you want to figure that's my new trigger all right what else do we have here because we do have a lot of them day if like I said a lot of people oh how about this one I'm gonna drop it up on the screen here another amazing show my question is where's Christmas cabbage is he safe at Dave's or did Scott put him in a cargo ship that's not Christmas cabbage Dave it is he's he's got put in my cargo ship and he's stuck to see he's stuck to see trying to not to get seasick from rolling around prayers in the speedy recovery Dave that is not Christmas cabbage it is guys I feel like I feel like Dave is trying to create a narrative here that is different than the reality you and I would have seen did you lose Christmas cabbage Dave? No lose him what happened to Christmas cabbage did you give him away? No no no he's in the office somewhere you just aren't sure where that is at the moment eight bound stuff me door is I did I don't know where it landed okay so he is safe he is safe he's in the office he's he's on he's at the compound still that's all we needed to know all right how about this one let me open this up so I can see it he says I think you guys were another great episode this is one of my favorite uncle Dave segments I have a question as well what characteristics do you prefer when dealing with a client like top of what type of person would be the ideal candidate for a client for you guys attribute such as hard working work ethic open mindedness transparency thanks guys all those things yeah yes I would rather have a client that tries and engages that has shiit genetics rather than a client who has the best genetics in the world but doesn't try for me the most frustrating element around a client is one that's untruthful oh yeah because you will you will not be getting the results or the effects that you expect and and then your your like constantly going right where is this going wrong what is going wrong you know are you sticking to your diet yes I'm sticking to my diet right are you doing the training yes I'm doing my training and I think one of the hard ones is I don't mind someone maybe not giving it a hundred percent ten percent in the gym or not being super dedicated with things as long as they're honest with me about it yeah because then we can try and work around that the best we can but when you've got someone who's not making progress and it's like you know they're not doing what they need to do in the gym from a training point of view but that you know that you they just will never accept that that gets frustrating because you you as a coach and I know you shouldn't but it's just human nature you as a coach start to lose interest because it's like I've got nothing else I can do with this guy because the problem is him but I can't have that conversation because he's not gonna listen and you tend to then deliberately lose them in one way or another you know because you just they're not rewarding to worry I enjoy coaching people that engage even if they're not super dedicated or not super straight to whatever it is I don't that doesn't matter to me as long as you're giving what you can to the best of your ability and you're honest about that I'm good with that and I enjoy coaching them rather than people who are super dedicated but are honest yeah I agree with all that and I don't care who you're working with if you're gonna hire a coach and you're not gonna be honest with them I mean that's that's gonna ruin everything and I got to be honest I've been not honest with the coach in the past my second contest prep day if I wasn't honest with my coach about what I was doing okay I it it it did work out in the end but it was tricky it was tricky because I ended up cutting carbs harder than he had done I ended up pushing further than he would have pushed me but here's the problem with that he sees how you're looking and then so so let's say he said he won't cup a rice with every meal and I do that for a little while and then I feel like I'm not making progress and then let's say like I started going man I'm just gonna stop eating rice with those last two meals so I stop eating rice those last two meals and I'm getting leaner now right and then I check back in with him and he's like okay yeah this looks good now do this well like I'm oh shit so I've been eating three cups of rice and now I'm supposed to be in two and you know what I mean it's like you got it and then I had to like keep doing a mental equation in my head where it was like okay so actually he said cut it back to a half a cup I was already eating a half a cup so now I eat a quarter cup okay yeah that's it'll do and and it did work out and I absolutely it was one of my best looks to date that he completely honest like I was peeled that said um yeah man like this whole thing it's all about communication so I mean if I were to go back I would have just talked to my coach and been like listen man can I push harder you know I love it my client comes to me and they're like hey you know can I do extra cardio there's two types of people Dave there's people that say what less what less can I do and still get the results and what more can I do to get even better and if a guy comes to me and says like hey what can we do to push harder I would rather tell him like hey no we're 100% on track don't touch anything and know we're on that same page then you know having to go behind my back and do something like I did I would have more respect I had a client actually and he came to me and he is he said I will stick to your diet and you're training more than to Friday he says but five o'clock Friday so I got a bit something like you can fuck off he said I'm drinking I mean curry's I'm enjoying my I mean I was like you know this is gonna affect your progress yeah I realize he says but I want to compensate for that with drugs now this is where it gets interesting because I sort of don't have an issue with that if we're all open and honest what we're doing and why we're doing it yeah I have an issue with it when it's done secretly because you're trying to hide or get away with some of the you know you shouldn't be doing if someone says to me look I want to abuse drugs to compensate for fact I don't have the dedication or discipline to stick to a diet and training then it's like the first thing we look you know that's not ideal but at least we can work around minimizing the risk that I expose them to because you yeah that's true too if you're not guard if you're a guide in them they're only going to do much worse on the road yeah so but the thing is like with this guy when he started to see what we could achieve in those five short days which wasn't huge but there was he actually naturally started to cook back on the weekends and eventually he fell in line because he was like you know what I'm sick of feeling shit and Wednesday and by Friday I'm feeling great again I've got load of energy then come on do you feel like crap it so there was an actual progression where you moved that way anyway I like what happened if it had been lying about it and not being honest about it we couldn't have worked around things and obviously this this factors like what we do do we chemicals based on what you're doing recreationally as well because there can be impacts there that we need to be aware that's physically without call and each of your levels and things like that oh yeah so I eat there's a strange line and I've never really got to the bottom of where we go with it in in if someone is open about the fact that they want to compensate for poor behavior with chemicals what you do with that and do you guide them because you can at least keep minimizing the or do you walk away from it as I know I'm not getting involved with them and I've never come to an answer with that as a general thing it's been a case of I'll see how each person goes. I worked I consulted with a guy who was vegan and he wanted to prove to the world that he could get huge being vegan and he made up for it by running much higher doses of compounds like trend to try to you know basically make up for the fact that he wasn't getting animal sources of protein and I consulted with them several times eventually I said you know I just can't get behind it man you know. Yeah there are certain things that I would never never do and one of the drugs I'm very opposed to it's trend. Because I've seen the long term damage mentally that people have suffered with that. All right how about this one we've got one so last week we're talking about spot administration of Helios Klen in your himbine and you said there's another compound PGF2A the question is what was that spot injection fat loss stuff? Right so PGF2A you would normally actually make it into an aqua's cream so you'd make it with an aqua's cream and then you would smother it on the area you want to spot reduce and then see it with Klinkville. What PGF2A does is actually destroy his fat cells poor it is a very unpleasant drug to use. How so Dave? It causes you to shit yourself. How would you know this Dave? Because I've used it. It also has great if you inject it which you can you can cite it if you inject it it aspirates through the lungs so effectively what you get post injection is an ability to breathe for a few seconds and the sudden urge to crop your pants. Yeah those are things I try to avoid you know and I'm saying like spur of side effects they'll side effects don't sound very good to me. As a as a as a topical it is much milder in that essence as a topical it doesn't have that sort of impact whatsoever but it's a perfect PGF2A is a perfect can't get it in females not touch a female if you've got it on your hands cannot get the cream near a female in any way shape it will cause them to go into a false labor. That's crazy. How about this one? Great show is always question for the next one does DACA raise hematicrit more than other anabolic compounds if so with this B dose dependent. Would running it at a low dose say 250 milligrams per week along with a similar dose of test still potentially raise hematicrit significantly and finally is donating blood something that always needs to be done when running EQ thanks. Doesn't raise the back, it's all? No no steroids does. Stair eyes will raise hemoglobin or red blood cells but it won't touch your hematicrit. No, it's not a thing. It's made up. Is that what you're telling me? No, no, no, no. False narrative. Is that what it is? No, no. It's not a physical thing but hematicrit is an indication of the volume of red cells in a given volume of blood. He's an actual thing. It's a product with in blood. Red blood cells are actual things. They are cells with in blood. Plus, the fluid in blood in an item of blood. So it's the, but it's the volume of. No, it's this reflection of the levels within blood, but it's not actually an item. It's a reflection of its higher. Right, so iron is the measurement of iron. Right. Ferretin is a measurement of iron storage. Yes. Transferens saturation is how much iron storage you're currently using. It's not actually a thing. It's not iron. It's not an iron storage. It is a reflection of the state of the ingredients in iron. So it's more of a measurement of volume. It's a measurement of, it's actually a reflection of how large your red cells are and how large our larger red cells are and how many of them are in a given volume of blood. Yes. You can have very high red cells and have normal hemacrit if those red cells are small. It's based on the volume that those red cells occupy not the number of red cells. So you can have normal red cells high hemoglobin and if high hemacrit because the volume of cells is increased because they contain more hemoglobin, which means that larger, so therefore they occupy more volume in that given space of blood. Let me restate this question. I'm going to change a couple of the words. Okay. We open it back up. I'm going to start again. Great show is always question for the next one. Does EQ cause thicker blood more so than other antibiotics? If so, would that be dose dependent? Would running a low dose say 250 milligrams per week along with a similar dose of test still potentially create thicker blood significantly? Right. You said deck of first arm around. Did I? Yeah. So what you had it just chat? You said that I will. I will. So yeah, EQ will even at lower doses. That's its main job. I mean, that's one of the things EQ was developed for was to increase hemoglobin to red cell levels. So yes, it will. As a result, it will reflect in an increase in blood thickness. Oxy, Oxymef flow is the overdrobe that was specifically developed for that. I do believe that there is some parallel not parallel, but there is some relationship between each region levels and the thickness of blood, but I don't actually know what it is. It's something I would like to look at is that if you run higher levels of each region, do you get an increase in blood thickness as opposed to a low level of each region by the same level of testosterone? If you're saying what that let me know, I'd be curious myself. Yeah, something I would like to find out about, but yes, EQ, it's what it's designed for and it will do it. Yes, it is dose dependent. It is also person dependent. There are other factors that come into blood thickness as well. Things like oxygen restriction, overall body mass and other factors that complain to it as well, because if you have anything that restricts oxygen, it's going to increase your hemoglobin content, which is in turn going to thicken your blood. So things like snoring, smoking, why out of food training, oxygen restriction masks will all increase your hemoglobin levels, which in turn will thicken your blood. Yeah, I work with a guy who didn't want to use a C-PAP. He's very resistant to it. Just you know how like we put her foot down and sometimes it's just like it doesn't make sense why. He was like, no man, I want to be able to roll over and kiss my wife in the middle of the night, you know, and not have the stupid mask on my face. He just didn't want to wear it and he's finally becoming more compliant with it. And I do think one thing too about that note is we've seen some questions in a group where people have said, like, I'm not really big enough to need a C-PAP yet and it's not the size that you are. It's the amount of room you have to breathe. So me at 230 needed a C-PAP. Me at 215 now I still need a C-PAP. Whereas a guy like Ron and that could be a genetic factor there too, right? Ron Parklow 300 pounds and every need a C-PAP in his life as far as he knew at least, you know? Yeah, no, I mean I still use what I I fell out with mine. Just go fed up with a bloody thing. No real reason because actually I get about nicely when I use it and everything else. Yeah, yeah. And I had some regular bloods and docs like, yep, your emails. Oh, and yeah, I'll go back on my C-PAP and love me hold. I've got back on my C-PAP and the emails come down. Nice. I think a lot of people don't realize that. And then the additional stress that you have on your heart having to pump harder while you sleep because you're trying to get blood to your brain. And if you're not breathing enough then that blood has to move faster. So it's it's not a thing. If you need a C-PAP, you get better gains, you get better rest, but plus you you know, protect your health too. Well, yeah, I mean you're starving your body evokes the unit rest. And the other thing is it's quite self perpetuating because if you have thick blood, so you have you need a C-PAP, so you're starving your oxygen when you're sleeping. That causes your hemoglobin to increase. But at rest your body doesn't pump the blood around fast enough so you get fatigue and a lack of oxygen because your blood's thickening your heart can't pump it quick enough. So as a result, your hemoglobin increases even more. So it's self perpetuating to an extent, particularly if you're sedatory, if you're active, thick blood becomes less of an issue, which is why cyclists, the liberally increase it because they're continually taking advantage of that with the high volume of cardiovascular training that they actually do. And it's not necessarily healthy for them to do that, but cycling is probably like equally as unhealthy as bodybuilding. So there is that, you know? Yeah, I mean the offset that cyclist has if cardiovascularly they're incredibly fit far fit as an amount of bodybuilders ever get a bit. So one they have very powerful and strong and healthy hearts and to they do huge amounts of cardiovascular and endurance work, which actually uses a peemoglobin and lowers levels. So they are actually actively doing something that's going to bring their hemo down anyway. Ultra marathon runners generally struggle with anemia because they go through so much red material when they're actually performing an exercise. I think I told you, well this is a few years ago now, two, two, three years ago, my hematicrit was really high from long issues due to the long flu bug and it was like 57 point something and after going to after going to cardio 30 minutes a day because I was doing no cardio a month later it was 50.1. Definitely does happen, which is it's why this, you know, my thing standpoint on cardio being such an important factor in regulating health is because it has all these little benefits that I'd hope to help in manage what we do without actually having to rely on bloodlets and supplements and everything else that we do use. Yeah, I actually was scheduled to do for the bottomy and I went in and I was 50.1. They tested it first, you know, but before they took the blood and then I was like, nah, I'm good then I'm going to leave it here. I hate, I hate doing blood donation and, and about this one, do you think that the neuro toxicity of nanderloins is as big of a deal as people currently make it out to be? I've been running gear for 13 years and wasn't until recently the last three or four. Excuse me, that this has been an issue. Now, I, yeah, the science tells us that nanderloin can cause depression and that it can affect memory long-term and things like that and I, I, I do feel that I've personally struggled with memory due to long-term exposure to nanderloins, but I was using very high doses of Deca for extended periods of time and it's been a backbone of pretty much every cycle I've ever done as, as I've decorated it, it's a some degree or most of them have. So I, I freely accept that there was going to be some issues. I never had any issues with low mood on Deca, I never had any problems with depression like features on Deca or anything like that. And from my knowledge of people around me at the time, neither did anyone else. Now, I do see people that struggle with Deca. I've had clients that genuinely struggle with Deca. It makes them feel very low, very fed up, very dominant at once. When it's removed, we see a change in that quite substantially. So, there's no doubt in my mind that there is that, you know, the Deca is impacted. Yeah, I don't know about the long-term thing. I personally, I'm not saying, I'm like, I believe you in what you're experiencing. And I would say like, he mentioned as a dose dependent. Yeah, everything is, right? Like, so if you, if you've run a few cycles and you've added 300, 400 in here and there, that's one thing. But for the, I wonder how it is for that guy compared to, even if it wasn't a high dose. But I've seen people that they've gotten it prescribed. And they're like, oh, yeah, I'm on, you know, whatever task for TNT in 200 Deca every week, you know, for the last 10 years. I've seen that, you know. So it does seem to be something that's come to the head more recently, Lazy in the last sort of five years as I said. Yeah. We do have more people using an anv now. So is it just a case of it's the percentage of number of people that's gone up. So as a result, we're now seeing more people struggle with it. Is it, is it other factors that are adding into this? And this making people more vulnerable to it or more susceptible to problems in that area because of the general decline in mental health across the board with people? Yeah. I don't know. Is the only sense so I don't know. I've only seen people having problematic issues around Deca in the last sort of five years prior to that. I had to be honest, I've never experienced anyone having an issue with it that would be created a problem. But I can't say whether that's due to any changes in any way or just just due to the fact that there's more people taking it now. So we get more feedback them and people are more open in talking about the problems they might be experiencing with drugs as well. I think people are more open and they're more willing to admit and look at those problems whereas before I think we're just like not just deal with it, put it out of your head. It's only 12 weeks versus not people are like oh I feel sensitive to this. I want to switch compound. You know I think that people are more advanced user than they were a decade or two ago. Now I see I'm not sure if I'd call that in advance use. There they have a much deeper understanding and it could be good. It could be bad. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah these things could cause mental issues and now they're dealing with mental issues just because they think they are but I think there's some self-awareness in there too. You know they recognize these things without having to know it was a possibility. I think it's also very easy to have a problem now where previously you would be like yes but I'm going to use self-management to overcome that problem and deal with it and move forward and and I think there's an element of that as well. It's very easy to be a victim of something now. Yeah. I think though it doesn't remove the fact that yes the people may be experiencing problems but what tends to happen now is I'm experiencing problems. I'm a victim so therefore I'm going to tell you about that. I'm not do anything about it whereas previously I've been like right. I'm experiencing problems but you know what I'm going to work towards everything I can to fix those problems that I don't invite me. Also the users have changed as well. Before it was a more hardcore demographic of just underground bodybuilder now you have a more mainstream audience that is using and they are they're kind of you know they're kind of brought up in this world of like well if you're educated with this you can avoid all the side effects. It was only the dumb people that don't understand this. You know what I'm saying and then you should be able to have these cycles, these perfect cycles with no side effects. You know they say for you, Steve. You know what I'm saying is kind of that whole attitude. There is definitely a lot you play with this shit. There's going to be problems. Yeah. You know some of those problems can be managed. Some of those problems car and you just need to man the f-op and deal with them because it's just part of some of what you do. You train hard. You get to be so. Yeah. If your if your a person who trains hard gets saw and then relies on painkillers to do with that so on us, that's you really want to learn to just enjoy the pain because it's a it's a badge of what you've done and it should be some of this war with pride. It shouldn't be something that's medicated away. All right. A couple more. We'll wrap this thing up. Question for the next podcast. Hi guys. I've recently watched very old Dave's video on probably his own YouTube channel. The video was released several years ago and it contains Dave's offseason cycle where he says full truth about his multiple grams geared dosages. Dave seemed to be very truthful and wanted to share with others the reality of the sport. The question is how much hate Dave had to face for those videos. I didn't get hate for being open about what I was doing. I got hate for how I looked predominantly. Does you weren't you weren't trying to get shredded and be the conventional body as they're. I wasn't your typical bodybuilder and I didn't particularly refer to myself as a bodybuilder. When you asked what do you do while I lift weights, that's what people would tell you you were and so it was just the easiest way to get across what I did. I definitely got hate for the visual. A lot of hate for the visual particularly around the condition of stuff. There were a lot of facts. My best in so whatever is he looks like a disease to cow. I won that on my tombstone. I just love it. When I first started being open and exposed to the sort of feedback stuff. I struggled a bit with the comments. I took them to Har. I found them upset in. Then I just learned what this is the end and this is what it's like. If you're going to stick your head above here and make a target yourself, you're going to get shot out and you just got to deal with it. I just started to ignore it and didn't respond to it. I used to respond to stuff that was untrue, though, because I wanted to rotate a truth. Then I'd just began to realise, I'm being trolled and wasting my time. They're not interested in the truth. They just want to spot vial for the sake of it. The ones directed at my family were a little greyest. They weren't commonplace but they were times. But yeah, I quickly learned that this was a very unproductive use of my time responding to this crap. At the end of the day, I could approve them running every aspect of everything they said and it wouldn't change what they were putting up on social media. Eventually, I just learned to, I got to the point why I just didn't really comment anymore, because it was just one of us. The thing is, as time went on, the negativity got less. I think a lot of it was people just getting their head around who I was and what I was about and what I was doing. Because it was different, no one had really done it in that way before. Rich had been open to an extent, but not a waltz at all. He had managed his openness to a point where it was always seen in the positive light. Absolutely. Where I was very happy to show the negatives as well. I'm particularly around my skin. I'm in my skin. I don't really have a good time for a fair time. But yeah, no, it's, there was a fabbit. Definitely. All right, I think I have one more here and then we need some Uncle Dave's advice. He says, it's going to be running 500 tests with 20 to 40 pharma anivar. It's funny because when people say var nowadays, they got a throw in the pharma. There's some really good UGLs out there, just to let people know. Really good var. Just like there's really good premono nowadays, too. About 10 weeks before I go on a beach festival in Albania. Wow. If you're in Albania, Dave, I feel like we should go to a beach festival in Albania and do the show from there. Says, it's in June. We've got time. Says, do you guys think there would be a big difference in taking the arimidex as 1 milligram, 2 times per week or should I split it up, 0.5, 4 times a week? Love the show, as always. In cheers. The half life is long enough that I wouldn't say it's necessary to split it up to 4 times a week. The only thing I'm going to say and this is some of the I've dealt with a few times. If this beach festival is a beach festival of the RAV orientation, dance music orientation and there's going to be the use of recreational drugs and potentially the high use of alcohol, just bear that in mind that you're going to be going to a festival with elevated levels of hormones which will mean very elevated levels of estrogen and that coke is you know smashed your pro-lactin levels and you're going to have a few nasty fluctuations because of that. So just bear that in mind going into it that it might be worth preempting a few things moving into that situation. Like what? Well the one thing is if you're going into a festival with high levels of testosterone, I would definitely look at putting in some anti-eachogens slightly higher than you would normally use before going. So that you've got some some buffer for the inevitable elevation of each year you're going to get from alcohol. What cocaine will do is you go to the spot. Yeah, let's yeah don't we don't want to say that word. That's a bad word around these parts. It didn't used to be when we started the podcast we can say whatever we wanted. Now we can't even say the R word anymore. Let's go back on tumble that was much fun. tumble Is it what we were using? tumble. What was that one we use for one week? It was called tumble. It was called tumble. Yeah, tumble. We still released the podcast over on tumble. By the way, each week you guys can go over to tumble and check it out. It is. It is. Friend, day friendly platform is too much. You're not excited about that. You're like yay tumble. Yeah, so certain compounds will increase pelactin while they're being used and then will crash it. Post there being used. Yeah. And you will also see massive spikes in cortisol post use. Oh, God, I can only imagine with that particular compound, the Coca-Cola compound. Yeah, that would not be fun. Um advice of the day Dave. What if I told you I texted you yesterday I said Dave, think of some good advice and write it down. Did I tell you you're not the boss of me you can't tell me what to do. He literally wrote that back to me. I was trying to be a friend to remind him because last week he was like, oh, I had a good one. I forgot to write it down. So it was trying to be a friend and be like, Dave, you've got one job. You bring the advice for the week. I haven't got one job. I have to babysit you. I have to cover you. And take care Christmas cabbage. By the way, Matt blevins us with us. He said, Dave, I can assure you the blue octopus is not Christmas cabbage. It's not blue. Was that a magic trick you just pulled there? Tell me, join him up. That blue, that blue octopus. Yeah. You mean that one? Whoa. Anyway, good job. One job. One job. You know I was pressured this is. I'm telling you, man, it could be as simple as like, remember to brush your teeth every night. It's important to take care of your teeth. Thank you. Good night. Have a nice day. See you next week. Remember to brush your teeth. It's a very important to brush your teeth. It's actually, do you realize that oral hygiene is directly linked to heart health? Yes, I did. I did. That's why it is an important one, Dave. Hmm, particularly did you also know that if you've got a wire hanging in your heart, that it actually attracts infection? I learned that last week on the D& Stuff podcast. Did I say that last week? See, I didn't know what I was saying. Well, you told me maybe it was two weeks ago or something. Maybe you told me off the air, but I didn't know that. Yeah. How was your heart doing out of the way? It's fine. Still work out? Yeah, I did. So I when they did it, they, I got some basically razor burn where they shaved above it. Yeah. And it got a bit weeping a bit weird. So I rang them and said, come here some of the lock. The point we are going to buy out is just as a pre-curse measure. But the dressing came off last Friday, which means I could finally shower again. And that will, it's so neat, in fact here. I bet you can't even see the center of the line. No, you can't. No, I actually, I see it. It looks like a big tribal line. Yeah, yeah, it's an, I've done a really, really neat job with it. It is very, very good. So I had to check up Monday. Oh, good. Can you feel it? Like if you touch your chest? Yes, yeah, there's a lump there. Yeah, it's about size of a zipper lighter. Okay. So I've got another, another seven weeks before they actually do the X-rated check-it's all sat in the right place. Yeah. Which seems it seems a bit odd to me because it seems like why would you wait eight weeks? So everything is fully healed and embedded to them. Find out is in the wrong place. Yeah, you think they want to know sooner. But could it shift? Is that what they're worried about? And that, so they do each straight after and then, but I would have thought you'd probably better check in a week two or week three because that's where it's most likely to have moved in that time period. Yeah, they probably put a cone on you, too. You know what I'm talking about those cones to keep you away from it for a few weeks? That's, that's why they're, they're not checking to see if it's in the right place or checking to see if you moved it from scratching at it and stuff. You know what I mean? Okay. Uh, that's advice. Do not be afraid to be selfish. Okay. I feel like we may have heard this one before, but Tariah, go ahead. Not one, not one, not one. Okay. A library, a library. Uh, just, you know, you're, you're entitled to, to things, too. You know, it is nothing wrong with, with, with, with saying, I want to do this. I want to have that. And obviously, it becomes one side of it. It's a fucking problem. But at the same time, you know, don't be afraid to stand up for what you want. For you. Okay. I want Dave to do a cartwheel. Yeah, that ain't never freaking out. Especially now with your arm. Rolling poli. Yeah. You might get out. I am dying. No, I'm back on the other. Are you? How are you doing, Hurtie? Not yet. Start on next week. Okay. Are you not allowed to do Kurtie at the moment with your Hurtie? No, I just want, I just want to get the wound a bit longer to heal before I start doing Kurtie. There we will. We will be checking in. Guys, comment below to remind me to ask Dave if he's doing his cardio yet next week. All right. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't be scared to say no to people. Don't be scared to say no, I'm not doing that or I'm not helping you. If it's going to be detrimental to you. Yeah. I want fishing chips from England again. Not post them over. They might not be so nice when you get them. What was that place we went to that was overlooking those fields and staff and we ate fishing chips there? Oh, compost cafe. Oh man, that place was so good. Composed fishing chips. It was okay. That's better. That would be fair. The reason. That was good. I had them there and then I had them in Manchester too and they had those that the peas, like the mushy peas. Mushy peas. Yeah. Those are good too. I don't like, I don't like mushy peas. I never had them before but it's very curvy like potatoes kind of. You know what I mean? It's like, it doesn't taste like a veggie. It tastes like a like a car. It's very starchy. But curry sauce, proper fishing chipshot curry sauce. I never had, I didn't have any curry while I was over there. Well, it's not the curry sauce from a chip shop. It's not, not levising curry in its life. It's a powdered thing that they just mix with water. But it's got a very unique flavor. Fishing chipshot curry sauce. I made a written something down here for you David question about British language. I for real may have, no, I must have lost it. Yeah, I had a question here for you, a question about British language. But I, it's gone. It's gone. Or maybe I texted you to you. There's been a while. Anyway, guys, we appreciate you tuning into the show. Comment with questions for the next episode. Go over to tumble. You can watch our program over there. It's, it's rumble, Dave. But you were close. I like tumble. I think that we should come out of the new. Not so, you know. He's rumble. I can't remember what he was about. It took a lot of Deca. You took a lot of Deca. There's that too, right? Yeah, I can't think of anything worse than going dementia. Oh, me too. And Anna Histomines, like banidro. Pralonged use of that stuff is no good for dementia as well. Creatin is supposed to be good though. You should start taking creatin. You know, just like five, ten grams a day. It's cheap. I started using it. It's supposed to be good to help with the aging brain. So, why not, right? Yeah, I don't think I've got a brain anymore. Check out some creatin at trunetrition.com. Use our code think over there. You can probably get some from Strom. A bit Strom has creatin, don't they? Well, I'm not sure. He didn't do a lot of the basics and then he brought a basics range out. Because I don't have any broad grades, you know, or not. Excuse me. Well, you guys let me know if Strom's fortune tritian has creatin. Sublimit source.ca. What? No, I want. No, not you. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the people who like us. listeners. People who like us. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You sure about the. Okay. Most of them at least. We did have one guy who commented on the, he was the guy who was like, ain't nobody growing off of anything less than two grams or go doing a contest or anything less than two grams. So we did that topic right? He commented again. And he was like, think big. It's more like, think small. He was like, this, this podcast sucks. I would like to invite that guy on. I want to invite him on and have him educate me about what it takes to do a contest prep. Bring your pictures. I want to see how you turned out to be shows. You know what I'm saying? I want to see how big these guys now. Yeah. Yeah. I'd love to see that. We could go ahead to head if you want. We could put my pictures up with your pictures. My clients who've done under well, under a gram in turn, pro. I've got, I told you I got two of them. So not all of them. Not all of them. I've been able to do that. But there are people who can even turn pro under two grams. There is a gentleman called, Sean Joseph, it's a failure who would rookie of the year. You mentioned him. Yeah. You mentioned him. They would show you must love him. So guys, if you want to check out anything else Dave is doing. He's good friends with a gentleman named Jesse James West now. They'll be doing the podcast moving forward. I think I'm very jealous. Dave was on with Jesse James West. You didn't even mention, you didn't even mention me. Did you? You didn't say, oh, I do a fantastic podcast every week with my great friend Scott McNally. You guys, it home should all tune into it. Sorry. That's the question of do I know any decades in America. Never came home. Thank you. Are we ready for Patreon? You guys are awesome. Evalbloodanalysis.com. Get your lab work done by Dave except for Estrone. He's not going to do it for you. And for another episode of the podcast, guys, we'll see you soon. Dave, thank you. Bye.