Hey everybody, welcome to episode 86 of It's Just Bodybuilding. Dusty Han-Charm, myself, big Rob Parlo, and on today's show, the return of Jordan Peters. I love these are the return. It's like the third time. He's our only triple, right? Did he say three times? I was only once. Was he only in a once if I was twice a year? Yeah. No, we had holidays. Ted twice. We had a couple of people twice. But just now we're getting to Jordan twice. It was time. It was time. I got to him. He's actually already ready to rock dude. I've been organized for once in my life. I did things. Remember, the first time doesn't count because we weren't good at things yet. Are we now? Isn't that how it works? Okay. That's when I tell the ladies. That's what it doesn't count. That's what it does. I didn't know what it was doing. Okay. Okay, let's just, we'll bring him on so we don't keep him waiting. Absolutely. There's no other reason. They're good. Jordan Peters. There we are. I wouldn't miss that face anywhere. How are you doing, buddy? Really well. Thanks. Good to see you guys. I'm wearing my Dino's gym too. I got to mention this in honor of my good friend Dino. Aren't your gyms open today in the UK? gyms are open today in the UK with chess. And everyone is pretty happy around. Yeah. No, so congrats on on everyone in the UK. I'm sure you have a lot of clients and a lot of friends that are losing their minds. Yeah, it's been a bit of a relief. I'm, I'm coaching much less, but the clients that I do have a really struggled. It's been difficult. And I'm sure you guys can understand that as well with the clients that you have that it's been a really difficult time for a lot of people that rely on the gyms as an outlet and without that it's been, yeah, tough. Yeah, yeah, we all went through it at some extent. But we're happy to have you here, man. You got the mustache here on like a mustache kick now. It's a, but does see that I got to ask you about that. Is it extra powerful? How does it feel? I'm, I think it is dying because for some reason, it's a very light touch. So at some point, I would, I would, I, I called grow a big. I can grow a, I mean, a pretty decent touch, but I, I can't grow a bit. It's holding a growing these strange patches. Do you find your front double looks more like Chris Bumsted now? That's what I'm thinking. You're waste go down immediately. It's on the way down. So there must be a correlation. I'm already learning. We've lived it on the show for three seconds. The more bumps, the more bumps you grow on your face, the time to the waste. Yes, definitely definitely. People freaked out. We put up just put up a graphic late last night because if we put it up too early, we get too many questions, right? And I still got way too many questions. It's only up for a few hours, and I still got way too many questions, but, you know, You're such a like, iconic. Do you, do you think you're a cult figure in the sport? Would you, would you, would you focus on mainstream, or do you think you're still cult? Like how does it look like? I have no idea. I'm just me. You guys know what I'm like? I love to train. I'm very honest and transparent. And such as some reason people seem to enjoy that. So I don't know what kind of category we can put that on. But it is, it is just what it is. You, you, you definitely come across as a, you know, like there's some people where you think, oh, this guy is just like this in person. And then, and then of course, you know, you got a bunch of people like Dusty and myself and all the UK boys that confirm that, like, yeah, that's him. Because you know, people say like, what's JP really like? You're like, well, you follow his Instagram? They're like, yeah, I'm like, that's him. So this, this really no change. Yeah, I don't, I don't hide anything. And I just, yeah, I'm just me. Well, he says, yeah, if you look back at a younger version of you, you know, like maybe teenage you or whatever, do you ever imagine yourself being so open and transparent with so many people like just think of the numbers, you know? I've always been someone that's keen to share. I don't know, it's called to explain. I've never been someone like, I'm happy to share everything. Even in regards to like my vulnerabilities and my emotions. I'm not afraid to share any of those things. So I just, I find that the more you communicate, you can end up in a pretty good spot because of it. And as I know that from a really young age, and it's going to serve me fairly well throughout most of my life. Where, where do you think you get that from? I had quite a strange upbringing in regards to the way that like my dad raised me as an only father. And he, he was an exceptional father, but he just encouraged me to just go off to everything that I kind of wanted and really pushed me. I said, but when Corona, I talk about a she jokes in the way that she says that he managed to just really head fucking to be able to just think that these ideas were my ideas, but really he was just pulling on the strings to get me to go in the right direction. You do really good job with it. Is it good guy? Very fortunate. And yeah, I think just from him, this is just a great influence on me. The power of social media and you know, you've built yourself using digital content and you know almost weaponized it. To spread the gospel of of J.P. and you know, when when you look at how you've done it, is there anything you change if you look back on like, the last five years of social media and how you've handled yourself, is there anything you wish you wouldn't have done or what have done? That's a great question. And the thing is, is that none of my decisions in regards to kind of the way I do things are hugely calculated and advanced. Like there is no kind of like, I, you're so basically now now we're in a position where we own our own nutrition line. I'm our own clothing brand and not of that really, they were like. Things that would have been really nice, but there were never things that kind of like a calculated plant. So nothing that I do is is calculated in that sense because I just do things that feel right. So when you know that something feels right. If you reflect on it and you think, okay, I should have done that different, but in the moment you did what you wanted to do. So you can't really say that that was right or wrong because you just, you just went with your kind of things, that's what I do. So so no really I have no real regrets. I didn't, I wouldn't change anything. I feel very fortunate to be in the position that we're in now and I really feel like now we're starting to grow. And business is really starting to take off and really starting to enjoy that side with things and trying to like teach myself. A lot of new things. I'm stepping into into the world well, well, for something as a clothing and then it's it's it's good fun. It's really enjoyable. That's that's exactly where I had a bunch of questions that came in that asked like, one of them was worded is where do you see your brand going in the next 10 years. So this is right on track with that. You're like like and then also people asking if you have any business mentors or people that you think have really helped you with business. This is a lot of business questions I got. Yeah, that's right. I couldn't tell you where the brand is going. All I know is this going in one direction with us forwards. That's because that's the way I get my life. I'm a very obsessive person as you guys know, so progress is absolutely everything to me. So on any given day, I have to take a mini victory out of that day in some fashion. That's an absolute must of me. I've always a day is a failure. It's just there's no excuse to end your day having not taken some kind of any success. And that could literally be anything quite literally anything. I could be for someone that's 400 pounds getting up and down off the sofa 10 times there you go. That's a that's a victory that so we've all got our own little mini victories that we can take so I'm looking to take those every single day. So where's the brand going to go? I couldn't tell you. I'll just keep taking those mini victories and where ends up is where ends up. I think your mini victories are getting bigger on that scale because I think it's funny just in the last year. I mean, we've known each other for a while, but I can wear this shirt in the US now and people know what it is. Sure. Whereas a year ago, I would have got what's that or those are initials, you know what I mean? Like, it's not because of the clothing line, it's because of the brand as a whole. It is it is very cool to see how many people know exactly what it is when I'm wearing them. So I was given insight into one client for next year and that is to have a American fulfillment sentence. It's established and then our manufacturing of our supplement line will start in the US. Shit, twice a film and sensor will fulfill orders throughout the US and then our current international clothing. When I factor that we have really strong relationships with, but then ship in the American fulfillment center and then we're better for the orders. Because obviously our athlete, roti is growing with American athletes because the guys that and girls that that we relate to over there. I can have I can have I bond with and I want to work with and I want to be able to grow that ethos on that side of the world. But realistically to do that, you do need to have a fulfillment center or a base in that country or at least on that continent because shipping prices are going to restrict you to next year. But we're still quite fortunate that we've been able to grow thus far, but I know to really start to grow in the direction that I feel that we can especially with the athletes that we have representing us because. For all of us there's one common theme and that's that we truly love to trade. And and despite where you're at in terms of your own kind of physique or your kind of your goals or where you stand compared to other people, you can still have that love for training these absolutely off the fucking charm and you know if you have that and then if you have that inside of you. We're potentially the brand for you and I believe that we can grow. And to the extent is yet to be seen because those are the hurdles along the way and we just keep trying to jump over those as we get there, but so far I'm really proud and I'm really happy for the. You run either. It's like paused out for a minute. Yep. Yep. I'm here. And I feel for a sec. Yeah, we're just for a brief sec. We're all good. So I have a million questions. I know you do to run. You want to a taximose directly for a bit. Yeah. So I want to know my question. We're skipping everyone. I want to give a fuck everybody. I got a lot of fuck them. Okay. Where'd you get your plates made? What are those plates you're using? I see you went extra thin so you can fit like. I like on the hammer leg press. Yeah, the custom code joke late. So I'll do the primary training of silice. He's called code jokes. Obviously. Coran or Jordan. There's no there's no way now with how fucking good. Coran is that I could possibly start a gym with alcohol. With alcohol name being in the star of it because realistically now you again do you guys know she trains harder than I do. And she's away from me. You're best for the money. Absolutely. Leave me her other name. I think she'd have fucking stabbed me. So I'm rightly so. So the co-gear plates. There's company you take all pro plates. And we obviously came to our arrangement that we would have some plates. And then if they provided the service that I expected. Hope they would then I would promote those plates. And then they fulfilled their end in every way. And then some great service, great communication, great plates. I have zero issues kind of promoting them. I feel really good about promoting them. So how? So obviously there's no handles on them. There's no lip on everything. It's to get off the floor if they lay down. Yeah. Yeah. You're over the scrap with those. That's the first thing I thought. Some other fuckers can leave one flat on the ground. I'm going to lose my mind. Oh yeah. I tried to pick one up the day and I tried for a good 30 seconds. And I was like, bent over that whole time. And off the 30 seconds down as you're fucked this. And this is where I was supposed to do and just go when else somewhere else. That's it. That's it. It'll be there permanently. Oh yeah. It will. What happened is in like a week it will get moved. That's a bit bus-steam print of where the plate was. It looked awesome. They look badass. It was funny because my first sort of like realization of what you did was when I saw a clip of you on the hammer leg press. Yes. And I was like, and you were just, you know, you're fucking flipped a switch man. Like you're in the, you're going. And I'm like, I'm going to place her on there because it only looked like five or six. You know, especially there the fat rubber ones. It's like, five plates, right? And I was like, where is this? I'm looking for bands. I'm thinking you must have a million bands on it. You know, like, just banded the fuck up. And I realized I'm like, oh, fuck. He's got all these tiny little plates. And at first I thought you had like those thin of like, you know, the avant-gopower lifting ones. You know, but then I realized they were even thinner than that. And totally custom. They look at it. Because I was a bit shit loading the plate. The hammer string thought that day. And the goal is to ask because we got black and silver plates. So the goal was to stagger them. So then you should clearly count how many plates were on there. Oh, they're making a restaurant. I thought, yeah, I thought that. Oh, wow. I mean, we were all into producing content. So we have to think about these things, right? For sure. And what's the world at topic of plates? Do you guys happen to own any of the rogue eat dish plates? No, I don't. All the kabuki ones. Of no. Oh, those are some nice nice plates. The rogue ones, especially. There's a funny video Brian Shaw unboxing his on his YouTube. He's like a 400 pound kid. He just can't wait to get these things out of the box. Right. And since I saw that, I'm pretty, pretty excited to get myself some sort of a, but they're sold out everywhere. Yeah. So I've had to get to go hunting for like who do I know that has anything to do with Rodel to just try to get my hands off. We were on a waiting list to buy an echo bike for like six months. Yeah. Yeah, crazy crazy. You know, COVID equipment shortages. Oh, no. So once once those plates become available, you'll see some deadlift videos on those plates because they look very small. Yeah. So how's the set up for the GMR? Are you really, are you super, super done? Or are you thinking there's two notes I want? There's three things that we got to switch out. Like you know. Every time I step in there, we end up moving care around. Yeah. But we still have our prime delivery this week. We have 16 pieces of prime kit coming. And so once we get those in, all then kind of know where we're at. And then if we've got any more room for me to then get some of the Atlantis pieces that I'm asked about. Right. What size of the gym? It's 3000 square foot. The thing is it's not a gym, it's going to be open to the public. It's literally just for me in current. Right. So that's why I was asking because we were running into the same issue at my spot now where it's removing pieces and adding pieces. Like, okay, I need this. Okay, what's going to go? What are we getting rid of? I thought yes, as she said, it's a crisis. And I was like, should they go 4,000 square foot? Like just a little bit more room. Because we were measuring up for that astray turf. Right. And then I'm like, this isn't quite where I want it to be. I'm like so frustrated. But when we make it work, obviously. But the time we're eventually finished is it's going to look pretty smart. And I want a virtual tour. I don't want to be there. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I'm going to have the virtual tour. I want to deadlift there. I'm thinking as a Canadian. But when you boys are over for this world, every returns to normal again, we're only like 40 minutes away from Birmingham. So, when you're in for body power, it'll be a trip that might be worth it. So, oh yeah. To be honest, you guys can just stay here with us if you want for the body part of the account. As you can see, my plan is just to get on an airplane weather. There's body power and not on my clock. I've got this up going. Yeah. I've got to go see you guys and you know, everyone's losing their mind. How much we were used to traveling and then dial back to zero has been really weird. You know, like once a month I was getting on a plane all year long. You know, just crazy. As well. Yeah. Yeah. What's what seeing if you had to pick a single thing that, you know, body building related. That you missed the most this year. What event would it be or what thing would it be or what show would it be? Um. It's hard to say. What obviously. I imagine that you guys have been to Vegas a lot for the Olympia. So then that not being a, in Vegas I can imagine for those that are used to frequenting it. We'd be pretty odd. Um, well, I myself am a bit of a permit. So for me. Not much has changed. So like I don't really miss anything myself. He's like, I don't like people. It's not that I don't like people because I do, but I just like people when I choose to like them. I'm ready. I'm ready. Very, very good loud and clear loud and clear. Yeah. You guys understand. So I can sometimes be a bit of a rubber clip. Because if that how how exhausting is body power for you usually. Last year was tiring, but I was running off of just pure adrenaline and emotion last year. Because we had people that had traveled from different countries to come and see us. And it blew my mind. It really did. We had a young girl called Belinda that traveled away from Sweden to see us. They had a really, really bad eating disorder. And she came and gave me a hug and as soon as she put her hands around me, she burst into tears crying. And she started to tell us about her story. And it was things like that. I was like, I'm really shit. I was just kind of buzzing all year last year. So I was exhausted after it. I'm absolutely exhausted. But it wasn't the last year. It was the most, 2019, yeah. 2019 body power. 2020 is just like a right off. Yeah. It's like, did that year even happen? Did I age again that year? Do I have to act that year on to my birthday? Like, yeah. I think I aged way more than a year. That's for sure. Yeah. But yeah. But how's the fun one? So I'm looking forward to it being back going to get a new shit. I remember the 2019 body power because your booth was right next to ours. So I was like, I was hanging out at your booth for a while. And I remember like, you know, when you're out of booth for the whole expo, you hear certain names like people are like, Oh, hey, you know, I came to see you guys and Jake Patler, right? Or I came to see you guys and they'll name a few people. J.P. is like, was this everyone's like, oh, yeah, I just got to go see J.P. and then I can leave. Like, there's a ton of people. I remember like hearing that from a lot of people. There was no. Without as a general wife, like anywhere I sound, say this, it might sound ego to score. And I don't mean it's somewhere that any way shape or form. But like, there was a cue for our booth for like, normal stop, see it out. And like, Karen had to like stop the cue at one point just like a quickly even meal with 30 seconds. And and stuff like that. So it was it was a crazy, crazy weekend for us all. And when I said, I went just coming to me to see me at the booth. James was on there with us and so is Jamie so was Cuba. So we had a lot of the British guys there. So it was a busy piece. Is it a trip though the first time I remember the, because I went for years as a sponsored athlete, where you just kind of there and people would take a picture at no idea who you were. And then you remember that year when, oh shit, these people are actually here to see me. Like, what the fuck? I remember the first year with I force that that happened. I came into the booth because they let me come late. I put my stuff down on my back to where I was supposed to be. Yeah, I want to go, you got some people. So I went to turn thing in like three. And there was a line. I immediately could have you. That was like, who do you think is here? You know, so that had to be a trip to have a line like that all the time. Because I mean, you know, what two or three years ago, you guys were essentially local. Yeah, it's, it's nice. I'm really pleased that we're able to have a positive influence on people's training in that way. They draw energy, motivation or whatever it is. It's a positive thing. So it's a really, really nice thing. When I reflect on it, it's a very grateful that we're in this position. How crazy is it, you know, like if someone went back years ago and told me, Oh, you know, some day people are going to be telling you that, you know, you got them into training. You can put muscle on, you helped and get stronger, you helped them compete. I would have believed that. I would have thought, oh, that's cool. But like you said, that girl came to you, girl, first of all. Yeah. Right. So that's already like from your whole life as like that's crazy and sane body builder. You just never, how many, you know, young girls from Sweden did you expect to influence? And then she wasn't even talking to you about, you know, being a champion body builder. Or any, she was talking about an eating disorder. So how, how crazy is that that your, you know, what you are, the influence from that can leak into something as far away as that. If you know what I mean. That hits us on the drive on the way home. But I'm currently, I will discuss saying that we would never in a million years of realize that we could have been able to get someone out of a spot where they would nearly dead. Just to be able to eat and get stronger and motivate them to get their life back on track, just to be able to live. And allow you to be able to think about aspirations in regards to competing. It was a, it was a real revelation for us. And one that we took really seriously in honesty, one that we were like, okay, so we were actually in a position of responsibility here. Right. Because if we're able to have that influence, then you need to, you need to own it. And it was, it was an interesting conversation that I had on one that we, yeah, we took, we took on board and we thought, okay, it's fantastic, but it's certainly something that we've got to make sure that we're able to, I suppose live up to in a sense. We really be there to help support people when they need it. Yeah, it's, you know, I mean, Dustin, I've talked about similar stories, you know, hearing from people and just being just blown away that that even has anything to do with me. You know. It's crazy. What, what about, what about the actual, you know, I mean, the news with you now, obviously, you're late as saying, no, we're going to get to it. But this personal shift that you've talked about, you know, we just want to kind of let you talk about this in your own words and hear it from you, you know, I went through my retirement and realizing that, you know, it was time to not do it. I was doing any more. And so I know I think I should probably have a lot in common with, you know, some of your decisions, but, you know, let's just hear it from the man. So, again, you guys know the extent to which I've pushed my drugs, I'm open with it. I, I, I, I can guarantee that I am one of those guys out of this pushing a lot harder than most, because I have that obsessive mindset, that obsessive progressive mindset. And I know that unless I took a real control of my situation, the in 10 years time, I would die without doubt. I would die. I would have killed. It would have been at the end of me. There's absolutely no way it could could go any other way. Someone that's barely five foot six that sits most of the time at least 285 up to 300 pounds. Was pushing drugs hard year round with short four to six week cruises just to kind of get their blood work back in line, just to pretend to themselves and their healthy. Right. Oh, yeah, my blood's a good now, yeah, close to there, because you've just taken six weeks off, so your blood's are acceptable. What about the rest of them's high one, they're fucked. And then you're just so, because I do have these goals in regards to business and I do see myself now in a position of responsibility like we just discussed. I felt like it was just it's just not smart for me to carry on the way I was when the rewards on that investment are not worth it. Because I'm not a champion on stage body. No problem. No problem to me. I did everything that I could do to and because I'm so hard, I created a physique that is never going to be one that looks great on stage. You can't put 20 pounds of potatoes in a 10 pound bag. It doesn't look great. It looks freaky as fuck, but it doesn't look great. And that's why if it's a most must of the world, I'm really twice a competition, fuck yeah, I'm going to win. But sadly, there's a few more other poses. And you're going to do the whole walk it on and off and. Yeah, so. I love to break down there. I smoke the poses, but that walking on and off thing. Yeah, I'll take one step back and guess what's the first scene is steps onto the stage. My god. We need to go. No, but we're going to help big and get this task. There's a helping up on. Stay away. We're all in mind. It's like okay, then now is the time to really take a step back on things and challenge my self to see how I can look on the drugs that I allocated myself. I like it to myself. So in my long record at T.R.T. plus because I remember I'm just taking 250 tests. By the way, you have to brand that. Oh, I know. But I have to kind of go into this a little bit because one clock soccer is already put. I'm going to say, it's not T.R.T. I'm going into all this stuff about it. Then laying into me some more so do. I just know my drugs from three and a half grams to 250 billiards. Like give me a fuck if break. I want you want me to. I was like T.R.T plus because technically 250 isn't. T.R.T like one 50 to 200 is. So I got T.R.T plus a little bit more just. There's some extra funness and we're going to see what happens. In two weeks I'm already down 11 pounds. Like because I lowered my gross from 15 and I use a day to four. And I was barely moving before because in my head I was like, if I move I'm not going to be strong. So I was a pretty sedentary on a daily basis. I feel like I'm pretty. For the last two weeks my steps have been over 10,000 a day. And already I feel fucking awesome. I think the weight is dropping off me really quickly. I feel really good for really fat. My strength. Yeah my peak strength will diminish. But our bread of still do things that I'm fairly sure will be half decent in the higher rate range. So I've never been fit enough to do that before. So once my legs are used to the steps that I'm doing are then starting my H20 cardio. And I'll be doing H20 really fucking hard three times a week until I'm fair enough to do a five click stiff leg for 20 reps. That's one of my goals. I want to stiff leg five plates for 20 reps. Because that's, you have a serious gas tank to be able to do that. And I know that I'm going to have to play in some serious work on the, on the bike sprint to build that fitness to do it. And I'll be able to do that on 250 tests. So I've set myself many goals like that. And that's the moment, sure. But nothing's going to change in regards to the way I eat the way I attack my training. Just in sort of sitting all year to 85 to 90, I'm probably going to be 240. And I'm just going to feel really that good. But the thing is 240 or five six lean. Still probably going to look okay. Oh, look, look, look, got down good and it's leaving a shirt. It's a shirt. And genuinely already that 11 pounds of shit that's come off me. My waist has literally come into inches. Already. Because you guys know, when you take your 15 units of growth a day, the water from that is, it's all in your gut. And then when you're taking grams and grams and grams of drugs, again, the water from that is all the ways all were my guy anyway. So obviously I've still got a good few weeks of the long esters floating around. But I foresee another two or three weeks being another 10 pounds down again with the way that I'm moving. And the once I start to my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I have you changed your diet at all. Are you like, you know, taking your calories up a little bit to kind of match it. Right now I'm not know because I want the way to come off. And because wrong, honestly, it's been, it's the last few years of my life. I felt like I've been changed to the chair because moving around that way has been so difficult. So I'm just, I'm just done with it. Like I just want to feel good on the daily basis. Yeah, I want to be able to go on. Come long walks. I want to be able to enjoy those things. It's just I've just shifted the goal post slightly and regards to my fitness and physicoes. Do you remember. Oh, sorry, dry. I didn't mean to cut you off there. It's cool. I just want to just achieve that. I know that I don't need that. There's fine levels of drugs anymore. Hmm. Do you remember like, I, I've actually never talked about this, but I want to hear you talk about it. Like the first time you maybe got like a little scared about being so heavy. Because I remember being like 325 a whole bunch of off seasons. And then I remember one year I was like, Fuck, they existically, like statistically, this isn't good. Yeah, there was, there was a time I was, I was 380 pounds. And I was so heavy that even with my CP, that CP had mask on, just laying on my back awake. I couldn't breathe. And that's what's with my mask on. I was so scared to fall asleep because I thought I was going to die in my sleep. Someone was 5, 6, you should not be 300, 8 pounds. It's the bucket. Stupid. But this is, I, I have problems for sure. I, I, I, I'm the first of it. I am, my, my obsessive nature is dangerous. I know that. Like I said it in the past, if I wasn't addicted to this, I'd probably be addicted to some other kind of drug. Right. It's just, it's just the way I am. And now that that's being channeled into business. And now my obsessive brain is taking over with that kind of thing. And that's why we're, we're kind of growing at the right we are because I, I just fixate on something and I just go to work on it, go to work on it, go to work on it. And then that's also one of the reasons why I suppose I was never, I never able to really bring my look to the stage because I was so fixated on creating this in same level of muscle mass and strength that then when I felt I'd start to sleep away during the dog ends of diet. And then I felt so counterproductive to what I'd fixated on. And then I could break away from that. It would, it would have been really cool if I was able to do that fixate on getting peeled and then letting go because I am so obsessive. I was so, so like, okay, I need to be the fucking biggest thing you've ever seen at this high. It was a, it was very difficult to break out that mindset to then really get fucking peeled. So again, another reason why I was always kind of like six to seven pounds off of that really being on the jet because it just couldn't break away. I couldn't go through those training sessions where I was weak because then to me that was a failure. There was no mini victory that day. Right. And when I saw to strick along those days where I'm like, I'm failing, I'm failing. I'm failing. I'm stepping the gym, I missets and I lose my shit in the training sessions. Where I'm talking, I'm throwing plates across the room. Like, I'm going to give a full on. I'm going to keep pouring, it's pouring stepping out of the room because she's scared. I'm not scared of me, but you're scared of getting hit by a ball or a plane. Bye. Do you remember that video? You said me where you, the, the plates shook when we were doing the, the 405 dead stop rows. And they were coming off on him. So we had to stop. And he steps up like here, him start to scream and scream. Yeah. She cuts the video, I'm like, no. You know what? You just don't, and he's all stand there and go, my wife fucking, and he's going off on one. And like, the Smith machine was right next to the, the bathroom. I remember one time. This is the turning route and trying to flip over the Smith machine. This, this, this, this machine over. He's just like, right now, like, a fucking, like, lift this thing. So it was, I can tell she knew, because as soon as you stood up, it went off. She's like, I'll fuck that. What on tape, and that's it. I'm crying. She's so used to it. So so used to it. She will sense when it's coming. And I'm, I'm managed this situation pretty perfectly. She can't be down very quickly. That was lap, because I saw the plates moving and while I'm watching, he's at like 16 run, and we're trying to get to 20, but they're getting too close. I'm like, that plates can fall off before he can finish this buckets, because he had to set and the whole, wait, which shift. So we had to readjust every time I'm like, oh, he's getting pissed. He's getting pissed. Then he fucking went off there. Because it's, as well, because like this, for days leading up to it, I'll be talking about that set. That's the problem. Yeah. Fucking, going to get 20. Fucking. That's the problem. If it's a day, it's a good show about doing it. And then in that moment, I'm like, okay, this is everything. But this is like life or death. This is by world in this moment. So there's something kind of like, fucks with that. I don't know. Yeah. So it's funny because Ron talked about that last week, and I've been trying to, I've been using that with clients is the obsession, you know, most people when they go to the gym, they're like, oh, I got chest today. And like, the obsessives, when you get done with chest today, you're like, right next week, I got to do this. And you have seven days to obsess over what you're going to do on that movement that day next week. And when you tell that to even most bodybuilders are like, what? Yeah, they weren't expecting that at the whole time. I'm, I'm just like, yes, today, when we finished Paul's at the beginning, the moment I stepped off the platform, I literally was like, already talking about the numbers that I want to hit at the next session. I should, before we even go on to the next exercise, I was like, right next session, that's what I got to hit. So I fucking love it. Can't get enough of that. I had Dante actually, message me. So I have to make sure his question slash comment gets added into this situation. He said, I can't help but laugh that you think you're going to be shrinking so quickly. He, he and I have a long going bet because I told him when I was done. I was like, yeah, I'd like to get down to like 230 within a couple months. Yeah. And he was like, you'll be lucky to be 260 in a couple of months. So I literally have got a little quiet wager with him. I'm like, look, I bet you 500 bucks. I can get down. But what I think the point is, people don't realize and the reason I wanted to bring it up truthfully was when you've carried the kind of mass you have, the only reason your goals of coming down are possible is because they have become the obsession. It wouldn't happen on accident. Yes. And I think that's what throws people off. And it's funny that you and I are doing this almost at the same time in the opposite direction. It's like, I've been telling people, yeah, well, for the last two years, I haven't been pushing to grow. I just train. And they don't realize I'm like, I'm eating three or four times a day. It's not because I'm genetically gifted. I've been this heavy for so long. This is normal. Like you're talking about being uncomfortable. I feel like a ninja at two ninety. Like I'm just walking around like it's nothing. Whereas we're getting to where you are. It's like I'm dreading slash looking forward to, oh fuck, my shoes are way down there. I gotta put them on. It is fine. That's when the flip flops become life. That's another two-shown flip flops become life. I'm like five-foot and then one flip flops. They'll get around snow, whatever flip flops. Don't get a flip. Did you ever see like I assumed you got tagged in it, but someone sent me a photo once of a gym. They trained at and it had the gym rules. And it said, must wear proper shoes. No sandals or flip flops. And then one of the members wrote except GP. I didn't see it. I know. They're like, well, with that work or on the sign like except GP. You know, it's just funny. If I go to a gym, I don't know. I will have trained as in my bag. Oh, the sea out of respect. I would try if I can to be in there with flip flops. And then I will only put them on if I'm forced to. By the way, it's a meme that's a thing. If they asked me to leave, I'll be okay. I'll put my shoes on. You're, there's a meme of you coming out of the change room with your flip flops on. You know, with your eyes sideways like that. That's freaking classic. Don't see me. I got a good question here about the early days. Yeah. What was the first thing like when you look at the important elements of body building? Sure. What was the thing that you found easiest to nail right off the bat? What came the most natural? Like intensity or form or understanding mechanics or food training intensity. Training intensity. Yeah, from from from day one. So I was first thought first thought to lift weights. I was a weightlifting center, a national weightlifting center when I was 12 years old. And all we were doing was clean, statues and then pulls from the floor. So and when I was in that center, everyone there was a really high level lift up. And I used to watch him as a 12 year old and then really get into their groove before a big rep. And that became the normal for me to emulate that from a really young age to the point where then like when I was 15, 16, I was pretty damn good at it. And then was really, obviously as you go deeper through life, you then have more things that you can pull upon to kind of target those strings in your head. They kind of take you to that spot that you need to be able to train even harder. So as the years of past, I managed to get myself when I want to into just darker and darker places to just keep taking things there. So yeah, training intensity is always coming very, very easily. What would you say would be the last thing that clicked for you, the last thing you're element. Yeah. I suppose understanding the difference between moving weight and contracting muscles would be, would have been right that I didn't really collect click with that until like 2017. But that's what I can jump forward again and fill in some gaps on my muscularity that just with there because there were certain things that so when when when we live weights and we just move weight. The things that are favorable to move those weights will do with the null hyper trophy because something's going to move the weight. And then when we are really focusing on specifically moving away with something in particular. There's never really going to hyper trophy to the same extent until we kind of master that so it wasn't until 2017 that I then started to get better at that. To know some of those gaps. That's interesting because you know like you said something's got to move the weight. So even if you're not thinking squeeze and feel and activate and all those fun words that people use now. Bottom line is something's moving that way and that's that's why you put on what you say the first what 80 pounds we're from this training. Yeah, oh, just getting crazy fucking dense you just got to get strong. Right, like as long as you've got some kind of eccentric control of the muscle. Just a kiss strong as hell across all rep ranges and you're going to explode. But then yeah, you're going to be left with some gaps and then it's just knowing about what you need to do to fill those gaps in. Hey, what's going on guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Body Building Media and thank you to our great sponsor True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements. Check them out True Nutrition.com and hey, if you use our code advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks guys. Let's get back to the program. I think you nailed something that's important there where you said strong across all rep ranges. That's an issue I run into. We all do every day why I'll use I hate the word heavy because they'll say, Should I train heavy or in the 12 to 15 range? I'm like, I still have it. It's going to be as heavy as you can do for 12 to 15. Yeah, you know, and I think that that gets missed because I'll I'll guys say, How do I how do I get past them? I'm getting X amount of reps or wait for three reps. I'm like, what can you pretend? What can you for 15? You know what I mean? Yeah. So there are some things that over the years because I know the way people were here things that they want to hear. They're heavy at that I will add to sentences regardless. So when I say they get strong, I will always say the phrase across all rep ranges after it. I will say every single time just because I know that these people have selected fucking hearing. So when they hear me saying get strong, they're thinking, Oh, don't just do doubles and trepons. So until you specify to ensure that they understand that we're going to get stronger everything. Then they're going to just misconstrued what we say and then they're going to misapply it. What I think if you do it correctly, it's funny because I you know when you and I worked together last year or two years ago, I guess now. My pressing was always weak still is compared to the rest of me, but you know what was funny was I had never explored the lower rep ranges. You put me in those ranges then all of a sudden my other lifts went up and I'm like, Oh fuck, even someone where I'm at the reason I wasn't strong as I wasn't training all the rep ranges all of a sudden my other lifts started to increase because I was never doing a six reps set that was what. Yeah, for me, so I use the phrase touching new weights and and it's just the idea of load exposure. So even if that's just for doubles, trebles, for us, if all of a sudden you start to put really, really, really heavy weights in your hands. All of a sudden your sixes and your eights feel like. Right. And they'll start to jump forward quickly, but the huge issue in that is then the propensity for injury. Right. And I never programmed doubles or trebles into anyone's programming because of that and then even with myself. They are pre planned double choice. So when you see those videos that go up with me sometimes doing doubles and trebles, they would days where I was like, Okay, it was probably going to be a six by thilf fucking food today. So because I feel good, I'm taking the trouble and touching new weights and creating that load exposure. And then I'm going to come back in next time and all of a sudden my sixes like 20 kilos lighter. Right. And it's going to fly. Would you say, would you say it's a good idea to not like if you're doing doubles and triples, are you training to failure? Are you you dialing back just a bit just to have load exposure? It depends. There's a great question actually. And I think the answer lies in as to whether you can safely fail at that lift percentage and most people cannot. Both people will start to break down in form in some manner or another. If they're not used to that kind of level of load exposure for me. I can do it to failure on most things. There are some things now that I can't decide like hurt myself in like last year I tore my quad. Shooting for a four rep banded leg press. I literally had everything on there. I had all the bands at the bottom of the repair. The press just heard it rip open. And since I did that, there is I every set I've done back on the leg press now has been 20 repers and I'm not going below 20s. I'm not going to do that. Honestly, I'm too shit scared about people thinking again. So it really depends on the exercise and the individual as to whether you can take that shit to failure. I think you find out too during the movement, especially when you're trying new movements with that. What I did that paused RDL that you posted up there. I quickly it was because I am in touch. I knew I could have pulled one more rep but at the bottom of the stretch I could just feel. Okay, this doesn't feel exactly like the last one did. So I'm about like, you know, something is shit. I don't know what it was but it's not the same. I'm just going to call today, you know. You spend time in the pauses under load. The damage that you can call or my saw is absolutely fucking huge. The mechanical structural damage. Yeah. Because from those, those pauses are crazy. And the only way that we managed to to top those is doing the double pauses. Pause off the floor. Come on. Lower down pause. I was like, Jesus Christ, these are hard. Yeah, those are run run. I did those as funny because I watched this video on the pauses. So I was like, all right. And I went down to the pauses. I literally in my head. I went one two up. So I was, I thought I had a rhythm, you know. Then I watched the video back and it looked like one up. I was like, I swear to God, I held that longer. You got to spend an age down there for it to actually look like a pauses. That was a full pause. But it was literally half of what I thought it was. I'm like, yeah. Is that fucking real? Like, I literally felt like I was hanging out there for a second. Time to stand still at the bottom of a stiff leg deadlift. You don't shit. But you see, you see, you see, you see. You see, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see. You just take that deep breath of the top of the wrap and like, okay, I did it. Exactly. That's where you need it. Is that the top there? Yeah, those things are freaking, I love that though. This is what he does. He finds a moment that's already hell. Then he goes, wait a minute, if we had a pause, it's worse. If we were to pause twice. I guarantee you, every time he says out loud, I have an idea. Everyone else than Jim goes, oh fuck. Well, I can't be good. Well, I can't be good. The gym is current. Yeah. Thankfully, she's fucking nuts. She might be sicker than you. So I got to ask about Coran. Tell us, when did you guys realize that you were both crazy? Like in the same way? Yeah, it was it. Was it after did you get together? Like, were you guys together and you realize like, we're both like, or were you already like that and that's what brought you up? She was, she was really totally normal. When I first met Coran, she never used to step forward. It's beautiful. What I met her, she was normal. Yeah, she never even stepped forward in a gym. And then all of a sudden, she's, she's very competitive. Right. And that was there. She was there. Yeah. And then she saw me competing at shows. And then I know that just one day on her head, she thought I could be these bitches. That's literally what. Because Coran was very kind of quiet and she would never say something about the housebound. But I know that in the back of her head, that's why she's thinking. I kind of fuck it's like everyone's in. But she was talking about everyone's planning. Not just the women. Because you know, you know, one time I did the math, what was it? Fuck. I can't remember what lift it was. But I did the math on her weight and her lift versus mine. And I'm like, she is kicking the shit out of me. Like it's not even close. I was like, well, I hope no one else does this math. Because that was embarrassing. Yeah. Yeah, she's she's an interesting one. We're really excited for the season for her this year. Because obviously last year she did get a stage. You guys probably were the single stage. The conditioning was. And landing. Just ridiculous. But she got told that she there wasn't women's physique. Rightly so because that on the day, I don't know what that was. But it definitely wasn't women's physique. She don't like it. So she's moved out to bodybuilding. She pushed up 40 pounds from her stage weight to her peak. Off season weight. Um, looks like she's probably got about 10 pounds new muscle from that 40 pound push. And now she's just dying coming down. She's ready to beat her conditioning from last year with a few more pounds of extra tissue. She's ready to sack off a few pounds of muscle to to bread a beat that level of conditioning. So I think that we're ready to see something that is going to be interesting this year. I think most people can even understand what that is though. I mean, truthfully, even if you share it because my very, very best conditioning was 2011. And I remember like I went to a story a million times. A Cito would tell me you're only allowed to think an hour ahead. Because when you're that conditioned, the idea of taking on your entire day mentally will be overwhelming. So he was like, look at noon, you can think about one p.m. One p.m. you can think about two because it's not you'll get overwhelmed because you're just tired. So when I look at her and realize, I mean, she annihilated my best in conditioning. I'm like, what kind of a dark fucking place was she in for like a month? So this is how fucked up is right. Did Deepa she gets into that spot the more she comes to life. And not exaggerating. And as a because she loves being in a place, if she knows other people can't get to. So every second of the day, she is running off of just this crazy feel. You wouldn't even know she was pregnant. I swear to you. Because it's fucked. It's really, it's a, that's the point when I really realize, okay, she's actually with a jet in all that. Because because I swear to God, she doesn't act tired. She doesn't act hungry. She goes into sessions still being her lifts. And it's because she's just absolutely loving it. And then that was also a realization to me where I was like, okay, that's someone that's made to compete at a really high level in this. Because they're not only able to get there, but when they get there, they excel there. And that was like, okay, I can't do that. No, my whole life in the world, that just isn't there. So that was kind of like a loss. She was like a bit of a realization from me. That said, in terms of my own competitive aspirations because I realize just one it kind of, I suppose there must be some kind of genetic component going on there. Yeah, definitely because we're like a joke around, it says she's crazy. Like there is definitely going to be some kind of brain chemistry where things are happening in her brain, that the art happening in ours and vice versa, that maybe she has something switched off in her brain at that point, where in ours, where even if we just fucking smell a bit of cake, we're like, get all our like sensory shit laying up all over the place. Whereas, how would you beat someone to see that position? Well, you said that the fact that it's all day is what blows my mind just, I can do it in the gym. I'll say that every ounce of energy I have for the 90 minutes I'm there, but the rest of the day, like throw me in a wheelbarrow. Did you need me to go somewhere? You're going to push me there like that. Oh, touching, I mean exactly the same. And I would be the grumpiest, nauseous, moodiest person ever. Like, so, yeah, it's interesting. I'm excited to see what she can do this year and how she fares. And obviously, if we can get her to the Olympia, like I never want to assume that we can, but I feel like that look is going to be hard to refuse on a bodybuilding stage. I'm pretty sure. It just depends how she compares size wise, but certainly condition wise she's going to make everyone look soft. That's for sure. That's for damn sure. And then it just depends whether they like her that look so fast. But at that point, that's kind of like where you are too, where it doesn't even matter because that's what you want to do. She absolutely does not care. Like, if they turn around or they're like, no, you're too hard. She'll come back and hard on next. She just wants to bring what she wants to bring. Well, I love that because it's you know, it's fun. I had literally six or seven people have asked me in the questions. If you could go back and change the way you train to be a better bodybuilder would you? And I'm like, I didn't even have to ask him that because the answer is no. I know he wouldn't. The only things I personally wouldn't have done is I wouldn't have abused the food as hard as I did. Yeah. Like, I don't, I don't want to comment about the drugs because that's just it is what it is. But there wasn't a necessity to abuse the food in the way that I did. Because I can't say whether it was a necessity to abuse the drugs or not. Because to create like that level of masculinity like that most muscular picture that you guys shared. I certainly couldn't get there without that level of drugs. But I do think that I could have probably got there without abusing the food to the extent I did. And then it would have been a more pleasing look. It's not a bit the only thing that I had a person to change. Yeah. Now do you think, now this is a question. Do you think that part of that is also the obsession with getting to that massive size as quite as possible? 100%. Like, I, I, I, I wanted it, I wanted it now. I wanted it yesterday. Like, Um, I, I, I, I, I, we're all in, in, in our, in our process, right. And it takes a very strong, world-individual. Right. And it takes a very strong, world-individual to kind of map out a game plan. There's a patient one as a bodybuilder. I believe, but especially when you're kind of social media influence. Right. And you're looking at these boys that are absolutely monsters. It's quite hard to say, okay. That's my five year gameplay. whereas some people, well, they've been a fact that I want that in 18 months. Right. And for someone that does have a tidy, way slimy, beautiful lines. If you do want to succeed on stage, you have to protect those things. Really? Really, do. But then again, you have to make the decision of what do you want. Do you want to be thick as hell? Then, okay, you're going to have to push some food. You're going to have to push some drugs. Both of those issues. I would count on us, but I never want to encourage people to push drugs. Make your own decisions about what you need and try and get whether it takes place least as possible. I kind of, I'm kind of talking about what I had to do with that. But, yeah, you just kind of come to those decisions as smartly as you can. That's what I think having the right coaches are good set up to. Because it's something that I tried to do now for my guys that are good. Yeah, I'm like, look, I was on the fast track. How quickly can I do it now? I actually don't regret it because like you, I think my physique is my physique and I had to get big. But I think, had I waited two more years for the same peak. What I look like today would be better than what I am today. Yeah, but undoubtedly, if you wanted to be a better, all the stage body builder, you certainly could have done things differently to achieve that. Is this, I have no doubts about that, but it's just too easy for us to look back and reflect. Reviewing things in retrospect, it's just too easy. Yeah. But, you know, we can impart that knowledge on to others and stop them from making the same potential mistakes that we made. Yeah, I like these potential because I also think and I'm like, yeah, I probably wouldn't change shit because it put me here. Exactly. That's always what it comes back to for me. Yes, it's, you know, if you find yourself at a place in life where, you know, you're happy and everything's going well and business is good and all that. It's like, you don't want to change anything in your past. You know, you just don't want to alter a single thing. I mean, so that's the boss of my effects could be unbelievable. Yeah, it's actually, you know, it could be just complete destruction of everything to, to actually go back and change any of our decisions. It's really bizarre, but that's, that's what gets me through not regretting anything. That's a hell. That's a hell. That's a hell. Oh, you know, but it's, it's funny, you know, myself looking back, you know, like I managed to get a pro card and all that, but you know, that was, you know, it took me my whole career just to get a pro card, you know, and, and a lot of people asked me, they're like, would you rather if term pro earlier and I'm like, nah, what have been pointless, you know, it would have changed so many things. I might not even do a whole show yourself that by saying it's pointless. You have to prevent this disease. Wow, you know what I mean, though, like, I understand what you're saying. Yes. Yeah, I would have changed a lot. You're a small fish and a big pond earlier and you know, I think it's changed for you that way. So, you know, I wouldn't want to all tell me that I'd be sitting here talking to you guys. Absolutely. I don't know. And I got to say, you even come to her for us. We're really, really happy. And I actually didn't come right here. I said, it's a stone. One of Cards, heavens. Oh. I actually did not come my hair. So, because this is the best that we all face with right now. Right. But easy up to just still one of her mouths. Well, it's appreciate that. Oh, yeah, I just want to make that. Because actually, I did not. So trust me, my level of fucks when it comes to coping my head is less than zero. Yeah, I kind of with low. I knew it was. Oh, it is lower than lower. It's lower. I'm pretty loving. We may have mentioned before that we saw you at an expo without your hair combed once. Didn't didn't seem to matter. No one cared. I surely don't. I got a few questions about, you know, those sort of ultra simple break it down questions. And I know that I know that that's an area of expertise for you. Looking back, if you had to pick one movement, for loading, they asked specifically about biceps and triceps. What do you think? Looking back on everything. If you had to do one movement for biceps and one for triceps, I know how you think, maximum tension, maximum overload, all that stuff, brutal, brutal exercises. What do you think actually are the best? For biceps, in my opinion, it would be probably just sing along. Standing cable curl or a sing along, preacher, machine curl personally. I think that all of the heavy barbell dumbbell work work in the world is not going to compare to just training your biceps. What are about a time? I think literally conquer a wrong wing. Do that. And then being locked into a decent preacher machine for me is just perfect. And then if you have the ability to have something like a striver or a prime machine where you could then adjust the resistance profile. As soon as you finish that set and they're like, wow, okay, that's pretty perfect. Doesn't feel much better than that. And then for triceps, and then actually the opposite. And then one alone, the valve is absolutely heavy as I can. And it'll be either a close grip press or a heavy sculpture. Sadly for me, but always don't really last very long. I do heavy sculptures. But my wife was feeling really good not so long ago. And I'm going to just sculpt pressure 100 kilos, like four reps. Be like pretty decent form. But then they were shot after that. Yeah, it's been, it's been, more typically like a narrow grip Smith. Something where you don't have to stabilize. And then you can just load the poundage because one of the kind of the rules when it comes to creating huge progress of overloads that we want. Something where we can create quite large amounts of stability. And then a Smith machine with a narrow kind of just shoulder width grip is going to allow you to really lose some decent weight. And then realistically from that, something's got a row and it should be a triceps. If they don't, then the row thick. That's interesting that you just said both the things that I know Dusty Toli agrees with. Now it's not shocking why I haven't ever even said out loud. Who I was hiring to help me grow in the softsies and everyone already knows. I don't even say anything. I'm just like, so JP's doing like, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's sent the contract. But yes, it's interesting. Yeah, you know, like a lot of people still have that mentality where like barbells and dumbbells for everything like you said. Yeah. No, but I completely agree with you about certain exercises, even on certain machines, just you can out load any freeweight exercise by removing all the, you know, stability factors and, you know, all that sort of stuff. That's, that's one of the principles that attracted me to like, hit training back and like the early 90s, you know, reading about men's or having guys training on almost all machines. Yeah. And I think he was so revolutionary in his thinking. We, we, we, we, we, we don't know that the him and then, Doria and the Dante that they were, there was so, so ahead of anyone else in my opinion, when it came to really understanding how the stimulate muscles to grow. I feel like, I feel like a lot of the guys at the time then just lifted weights had good genetics and then grew kind of just, because they were always destined to look that way if they just got a pair of weights in their hands. Yeah, but if you think about like curling a barbell, I'll tell clients all the time like they'll say, why do you like to use the cables on a curl? I'm like, do a set with a barbell curl? Now do the same thing with the cable. The constant tension you can't deny is ridiculous. Absolutely, no. But the way that you could feel every aspect through the range of motion through where the cable cow is is very, very different. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I've worked my way up again to 100 kilo barbell curls or 100 kilo easy barcals. Right. That doesn't even remotely compare to a single-arm cable curl using a small proportion of the overall load. Yep. I still think that, you know, Dorian came along. I was right there for it. I saw it, the arrival, the whole thing. And he changed everything. And everyone was thinking differently. And then Ronnie came along. And all of a sudden everybody wanted to squat again. And deadlift and lunged in the parking lot. And it was all good because they all wanted to train hard lightweight baby. But it wasn't Dorian's style of training. It was a, it was volume training. Yeah. Yeah. No, one, two, three, four sets. And the fourth set is a heavy hard one. And then the forms a little loose on it. You know, that sort of training. And he was super fucking strong, which was impressive. But he was also Ronnie. And I have no idea, still how he was capable of doing the things he did. Yeah. It's mind-blowing. It's, it's my, like, I'm strong on one set. If I do singles and doubles, working up to that one set. He was able to do some of that shelf to do like 12, 8, sorry 12, 10, 8, and then he'd then go like, I work eight or like a work in 12. Like it was crazy how much he was fatigued as muscles before he would then even do kind of work sets. Yeah. And the level of pounders that he was unable to use was astronomical. Yeah. The funny thing is is that whenever one started training like Dorian, I saw the whole sport progress. And then while everyone was training like Ronnie, I didn't think the sport really progressed as much because Ronnie's Ronnie. And I think that sort of interrupted the progress at Dorian's training brought us in a way. Took it out of the, out of the spotlight and put it in like the dark closets like where you were and where dusty was and I was and it wasn't necessarily the way everyone wanted to train. And sometimes I was wondering like, you know, we're seeing, you know, the popularity of progressive training, you know, largely because of figures like you, obviously. And I'm just wondering if, if, you know, what would have happened if that style of training would have remained in the main stream. Do you know what I'm saying? Oh, 100%. I think we just said they seem, well, I don't know if it's hard to say because the four whatever reason that we're still incredibly muscular and physique that came along. But certainly, yeah, it would have been interesting. I think what you see is the your top guys are always your top guys. Yeah, like they're always going to lose their, but your guys that are that next group and the one behind that those are the guys that are impacted. You know, I mean, let's think about JP, if guys like you and I trained like Flex Wheeler, you wouldn't even know our name. Like, but you'd say nothing. I mean, I would care how much drugs, how much food it wouldn't have happened. That's just the way it is whereas I think some, that's why I hate it because I've had people say to me, I've never seen Phil Heath do that. And I'm like, I'm a white human average genetic guy and he is the best genetics possibly ever. Why are we in the same sentence? Sure. Like, you know, or they'll on the flip, they'll say, do you think Phil should have trained more like you and I'm like, absolutely not. Why? So he's really injured. He doesn't need to risk it. The risk to reward is shit. The risk to reward for us is a must. But as he is, when you have a physique as talented as him, he doesn't even have to consider taking those mini victories from a training session. No. Whereas for us, please don't take this into disrespectful way. But that's kind of what we've got. Over to you. That's not doing that. That's a fact. That's that's so I totally relate to what you just said, dude. Yeah. So that's why we love training to make certain that we do. Because that's where makes, that's what it's what completes us essentially. And then that's why we have to take the risks that we do as well. Because the risks, the rewards, the bigger the risk, the bigger the mid-eventory. What's the talk of the fun? Like I said, I mean, like if you took away all the the the fame of trained by J.P. and you had a job working somewhere, you would go to the gym and do what you do now. Oh, because of something. Like that doesn't change and that's that's why like people got confused because they're like, no, you've been blasting for the last two years. I'm like, I don't know how to train in the other way. That's what I like to do. I wasn't trying to get bigger. I was trying to beat numbers. That was that was competitive against myself, whether there was an Instagram or not. I don't think most people can understand that that's just loving lifting weights. Yeah. Sure. You know, yeah. I wouldn't trade though. That's what's funny. I wouldn't trade with those guys even for their wins because I don't imagine that they love it the way that I do. Maybe they do, but I just have a hard time imagining it's as fun to squeeze weight as it is to squeak out one more rep. I believe that they love how to motivate the different things. Right. I genuinely believe that I believe that training for a lot of them is often a choreo. I've sadly witnessed it firsthand with very special individuals. They just don't love it. It's always like they have to do it. It's like fuck. I've got to go train. It's for us. It's like, I've always trained. They definitely love something else. I think they love the money, the notoriety, the fame. I'll take those as well. Can I both please? Thanks. Yeah. I got a few questions here that I want to get to because they're sort of a little more fun, a little more lighter. What's one thing about J.P. that you do right now that would surprise people in your average day. When I get excited by things, I'll happily do like your dances on the spot with Corrid. I'm a little dancer around the kitchen, but I think that's fairly normal behaviour. It's exactly, you should have you have your side by something that don't be afraid to express it. I think some people might find that quite amusing if they saw me do again. Because I'm not the most important day to personally. It only comes to me. Maybe get away. Do you guys play music around the house? Is that why you're dancing? No, it's just this if we don't get good news about something, something like actually goes right with some kind of the business situation. When you're dealing with so many other businesses and you're relying on so many different people to pull through, you get left down on a daily basis multiple times. When something goes your way or string things go your way, you're like, holy shit, this calls for a little victory dance. This does. Do you find when you're doing business? One year number one thoughts is I can't believe these people are in business. That phrase comes out my mouth about five times a day. I want to give you money to do something for me. It's crazy. What someone wants to know, are you still listening to the Lion King? You're ready to play. Of course, that's it. It's not really the Lion King. I say it is a couple of the songs from the Lion King musical. Yes, they're really really, I'm big into orchestral music. I'm really fond of classical music when I train. It allows me to really transcend it to be mentally. There's a few songs from the musical that are kind of orchestral versions. They're pretty special. I think if anyone shut their eyes and listen to them, they would really fire up some emotions in you. You should post those to your Instagram so that people can swipe up and have a listen. Oh, I'll close them. Yeah. The closest I have ever come to training to classical would be Metallica's S&M album. I have the orchestra. It's symphony, right? So there you go. I have a question for training, which I choose a good one. A guy says, belt use. JP paused without dust to use the belt on pause and rose. Why? I think it's just what you've been used to for a long period of time. Like if for example, dust to see when you first pulled, if you were told, you're not allowed to put a belt on, because that's what I always told when I was 12. And you pulled a lot, because I was pulling three times a week, always beltless, because the the the coach did like people for training belts. That was just the norm for me. So then that's also. So then I can't pull with a belt on. It will distract me. So I put a belt to squat if I'm just going to squat about it. Just because I can break so hard through it. But my heart increased my intra abdominal pressure to feel right. But when I pull it will just distract me. So then that's the reason why I don't get any additional support whatsoever. So I think that's what most people don't realize. I found out from a power lift or actually I was down doing my doing a training with a power to a filming and I put my belt on and it goes, what is that? I'm like, what do you mean? You're like, yeah. Why do you wear it like that? And like what do you mean? You're not even using the belt. He shot me. I had like three inches too low. He's like, put it on your stomach. Yeah. I'm pretty fucking thinking of like, so I've been bodybuilding for like 10 years and I've never never knew how to play belt on immediately that day. My left went through the roof. I was like, oh, don't you see the squat? If you don't put a belt on properly, it's a squat. And then you put it on and then you you brace hard into the belt before you squat. Holy shit. That's like 20 kilos straight away. Literally insane. I used to put it on like you put a belt on your jeans like around your hips or just kind of hit down. It was tight and completely useless. He's like, what the fuck are you doing? Frank's on your pelvis. Yeah, exactly. My hips are right in place now. Don't you worry. I'd dusty. I do have another one that I've had a few people last. And I don't even know about this. So are you intending now of finishing your PhD? It wouldn't be finishing. It would be starting. They're being generous there. Yeah. Because I have a masters. So then you're typical progression after a masters degree would be to move onto your PhD. Which at one point wasn't aspiration of life. But I think now that with the way the businesses are, I just don't see that as a realistic thing right now. It's not something that appeals to me. Like, occurring last fell a long time in academia. We did our undergrad. Then we did a postgrad and then we did masters and then current in a second fucking masters. So we spent a long time in that period. And then we kind of done with it now. I don't quite absolutely want to do a PhD at some point. Just because she just likes to one up and the on everything that she does. I love her. The real reason is because I don't want to. She just wants to just gain titles that she knows that I could never have. Like, European champion, well champion, I have to be pro doctor. Well, as with all those titles, she should also be paying all the bills then, right? You get to, it's pretty, I think they've got that actually to control as well. So we're good to go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, dusty nose with where the payments come from. It's certainly not me doing it. Actually, I don't actually, I actually reach out to like, how do I pay you? I know how I can handle Corinne, but now that I want to hire you, how does that work? That's fine. It's good. Oh, someone says now that Corinne's going to be stronger, are you going to load her plates for her? Sure, let me load plates. You're not afraid, but this is, so this is one of her strategies of the way that again, that she increases her energy exposure when she gets into condition. So if I start to load a plate, she'll bark at me. Hey, yeah, or if someone else is there and they start to load plates, she'll be like, oh, never. Because the way that she sees the day is, she's, she's very good at understanding with her and body how much energy she needs to expand to hit the condition that she needs to hit. So she has to load on and off certain of our plates of a session. As burning a fair amount of calories. So yeah, she wouldn't let me do that. That's actually funny. It's a great way to help people with conditioning. I took clients that too, like, oh, you know, the grocery store, cool. Pick at the very end of the last parking spot. Now, while you're in the future groceries, push them all the way back at their put your cart back, like move. If you focus on a daily basis, every single task you do, it be able to expand to the most amount of energy possible before you know it in two weeks. She'll be seven pounds down. Yep. So you only have a JPEC, can you ask a relatively joking question and get a lesson in conditioning? And a lesson in how to make your physique better and your mental it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just I have a bit of a pep in regards to people just not understanding energy balance. If talking a noise made a lot because if all people did in the world, we just moved a little more in a little less, you know, we kind of have this obesity situation on the bit more of a grasp. Oh, and it actually just takes very, very minor alterations to your daily happiness. Sure, you you've clearly highlighted that, but really serious, a boring person. So I'm just going to try to fuck it up. Well, that's what you, what's funny is, you did it on the opposite of the spectrum too, like you said, when you when you're focused on growing and strength, you felt our way. Yeah. Yeah. And that's something that I think more people should just think about like same thing. What do you if you're trying to grow, everything comes down to input and output, same thing when you're trying to lean down, input and output. So which direction you're trying to go? Increase one decrease one, you know what I mean, it's it's really that simple. And that's why I think the Instagram world in the internet has made that not sexy because everyone wants to create this magical formula. I'm like, oh, you just need to move more. Yeah, for sure. One thing I used to do all the time, back when I worked in the bar, you know, all those years I was competing. Most of them I was working in the nightclub's bartending, right? And I would always make, I don't know why I did this. I just felt like it was kind of part of the fucking grind, you know? I would always make Saturday my lowest carb day. Your business and Saturday night was always fucking hell. And you know, you'd get there at 830, I'd shovel my meal down, I'd start at 9 and it would be just head in the ice, pouring drinks as fast as possible, ear plugs in, fucking crazy, thousand people. And then at 2 PM, you're done pouring drinks, have a meal, count your money, you know, fuck up through that, your soaked, your pants are soaked, your shirt soaked, just crazy, like hardcore, like fast working. And I'd think I got leaner today, real fucking lean. Yeah, this is a way I didn't burn, you know, you pound away isolate shake at midnight just to get through the stretch. And I'd always think those Saturdays, man, that's where the glutes come from. That's what I'd take tell myself, you know? And then Sunday, be my high carb day and I'd like fill back up on Sunday. You know what I was like, this is so ritual just to get through the whole process, you know? You know, it just make that the hard day. So is there anything that you sort of find yourself doing like that? Like, is there anything you always do on leg day because it's leg day or where don't you or, you know, just stuff like that? I'm sending a bit short of my daily tasks every day. So like every day is kind of identical for me. So it was one of the last couple weeks of been quite strange because then all of a sudden I get up in the first thing that I'm doing in the moment is getting out and doing 3000 steps. Like, there's 3000 steps every morning before my breakfast. Just just getting out and getting that walk in. And then as soon as I finish my breakfast, I go and do another thousand steps. So my kind of my habits now are changing because I'm trying to move a lot more. How long of a walk is 3000 steps? Like, what are you doing? It's about 25 minutes. Okay, I just have a little like circuit around where you live. Yeah, so there's this like a filled up where I live. Like, just just just really like, right up in my house. So I go out there. I just do a few laps of that. Come back in. Then have my breakfast. Simple. It's all about the simplicity. Well, I know we're we're we're winding down here. But if I don't ask my training partner's question, he'll kill me. He wants to know gold numbers wise. What would be a goal that you have for the double pause RDLs? He did him last week and he said the disgusting. So the last session I did a double pause. I did six plants for three reps with a double. And then we'd desuppose as well. I think I can probably get up to doing a seven place deflagra with a double pause. I think that would be that would be impressive if I could do that. Because it's getting that stiff like the getting that seven place going off the floor with decent stiff like shape and then pausing and then getting it going again, that would be tough. Oh, yeah. It is to be, I think that could be doable. I say that over like my peak strength is going to start dropping. You're mind of finding that the next question mark is how much weight can you do for 10? You know, it's going to be 20s. That's where it's going to be. I know the armamentiational cool stuff for 20s. Right. What would be some of the lifts you know when you look back on your peak strength to date? What are some of your craziest lifts that you're you're proud of stuff? 220 pound inclined dumbbell press double. I was fairly tough with that. That was second exercise in as well. That was after doing a machine press. It wouldn't have been any better fresh, but it just do. Because I was feeling like super warm, super ready. That was a good one. I pulled up. Just how you've been seven and a half plates for five pulled eight plates for three. So those were those with decent. With 220 pound dumbbells, are you, someone putting them on your lap for you? Oh, yes. I want to split them on my lap. I can't take them on off the rack myself. It would be too much. I'll see. Yeah. I take I pick one up off the floor and put it on my right leg because I quite like to do that and there's someone puts the left one on for me. But yeah, I haven't done my press in ages just because I can't be bothered with doing that anymore. Fuck around with the dumbbells. It's just a pain in the ass because you need someone to pass them up. So for me, I absolutely love the Atlantis inclined. If you use the Atlantis inclined press machine. I have. Are you talking about the plate loaded one? Yeah. Yeah. So we have like the one where you're seated pushing up. So yeah, so we have the flat one at our duty and it's just awesome. The strength curve on that is just awesome. So the inclines exactly the same, which is just a nice angle and the shoulder press of that as well as exactly. It's absolutely stunning. And then I don't like the flat line prime. I find that open up too much at the bottom. It's be vulnerable. But I do like the incline prime. So for me, those are their way more fun than dumbbells. So I said this to people before like, I mean, there's some very impressive stuff. We see on Instagram, obviously. But I've seen some guys that are like very, very good top pro guys who and you know, 160, 170 pound shoulder presses where they're being handed dumbbells and it looks really sketchy. And I just think to myself, man, as if I were that guy with that physique at that level, I would be locked into a Smith machine or something. Absolutely. Like the the the Atlantis shoulder press machine, I think that that is the best shoulder press machine on the market. I don't think that there's one that beats that. The on-puff handle the strength curve. Every part of our machine is. Are you talking about the one where the plates load down below your elbows and you can adjust the height of the handle? Yeah, fantastic. Is Star Machine is the one. Yeah, yeah, I love it. And you have one coming to your gym? Yeah. It's a lot of the yeah, it's going to depends on the space. I won't. I won't. I need that for a thousand square feet. We see. We'll see. What do you have coming then from a primer right now or strive? I mean, for prime prime. Everything. Do you said 16 pieces on it? You all played loaded? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, basically. Basically. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have much pinloaded stuff in your gym or you don't even bother? A few. Well, I don't know. I have a strives, tricep press machine that is incredible. It's just lovely. That's pinloaded. I have the arsenal donkey car phrase. I have to pin plates to it, but it's still it's a very nice pinloaded machine. I do have a couple of the prime pinloaded bits. I like the prime last year all that's coming. I like the prime pec deck. That's coming. Both of those are nice pieces. Beyond that, I think everything's played loads. Yeah, I start to be sick. I'll be sick. I can't see you guys playing Django to pull that shit in your gym. Did you already like literally no exactly where it's going and the figure that as you go? I was about. I was just one of this one. Yeah. I remember that's so funny. I remember that. If I look on this, I'll find about five more of these where I've changed my mind multiple times. Yeah, I'll wait till it's in the gym. Trust me. We do this like literally every week at the gym right now, because I've got two more pieces coming now. And I already know, I'm like, well, the entire gym will change three times. Okay, sure enough. Before we decide, I'm just going to stop doing that. I think so it's old and because I'm driving myself fucking nuts. We don't happen. Did you put something in the position? For example, yesterday, we had just changed where the hack squat was. Yeah. For space. And then because I have to factor in my job that I have to film it, I got on the thing. I handed my guy the camera and he goes, where am I supposed to go? And I looked him like fuck, we got to move this. This doesn't work anymore. Like, yeah, because we're backed up to the to the power racks. I'm like, you can't get the same. It's got a look. I can't get the angle ready. So I'm like, well, we're going through in this tomorrow. It's one of the biggest mistakes I've made so far. I had a really lovely platform built by some guys in the UK. I'll mention that they could land soil probe. Great guys. They bolted it to the floor. That's a good nice of them. Until that I was like, shit, I need to move that. So now I've got to work out how we get that back up off the floor and then re-git it back on the Yeah, it's not that terrible. You just want to put a million holes in your floor because we have uh, so so I have guys stand on the pendulum, the the humblur when I'm using it because I'm not ready to commit to where it's going on the gym and we've had it for like seven months. That's a good idea. But it's moved five times. He's hit a higher someone now. I'm like, you're a key. Well, you're a pretty key right now. She could just stand on it. I have people that they're always asked me like, why you got that guy up there? I'm like, I'm afraid the machine because it it flexes. Yeah. I think bends. So I put 200 pound plates on one side and then I have a guy stand on the other and that'll that should do until we can bolt the lances for. Yeah. But now the I think the problem too is as we've it's I think it's the best one. Yeah, saying, but I've had to add weight on top of where it goes because it only holds six of my plates. Yeah. Well, that's what it's got. It inflates for exactly the same place. I have the Arsenal pendulum. I only have a play on it so far because I like the idea of the adjustable foot plate. But I'm yet to actually go in on the work set. So I'm hoping this is nice to see Atlantis because the Atlantis is very, very nice. But I got to like nine plates on the Atlantis and it's still felt smooth. No, that things unbelievable. Like, as we I can't remember what the other one was that that my old gyms had great machine, but you were grinding through the machine and the weight. The first time I got on this, I was like, oh, fuck. This is another level. Like, it's super smooth. So I think I probably sold about 10 of them for them. Yeah. You should be on commission skitties. So South with an Atlantis kind. Yeah. Well, that's you know, that's what happened with with Prime. I think it was with Rob Bailey. They did a video one time and they were like, he was like, oh, this is my favorite piece. He kind of went into detail and all of a sudden, to guys at Prime, like, what the fuck's going on? They started selling this one piece. Yeah. Yeah. So they actually, they found out they had no idea who we was. They were like, hey, time. Yeah, this back in like 2015. Yeah. Who are you? Yeah. And what can we do for you? And they ended up like giving them a bunch of equipment for free to just keep promoting it. That's fair. I mean, the thing is that that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's how it should work. Yeah. I mean, if you if you're able to like transparently, that's why like the kid I just mentioned now, like with like the asshole kit, I'm not going to jump straight and say, oh, I got a lot of it. I haven't tried it yet. Yeah. So I and if a little of a sudden you see that piece of kit disappear off my gym. I wasn't that key. I haven't I have faith in that because of like the hack of the leg press. I love the hack. Like if you use the slightly shallow a leg press, I have to agree. I haven't yet. The solid is that's very nice. Yeah. I love the hack the one thing is I think I might be one of the first people to break it. I had a bearing fall out the other day. And he called them. He's like, the guys at an arsenal were like, we've never seen that before. There is like, we haven't seen what happens on this one. This 12 places, I don't miss my point. We we we we were bearing on the leg press, too. I replaced that, but our our leg press at our gym is like filled up 20 times a day. Yeah. It's just yeah, I mean, it's amazing. How much abuse our stuff takes. Like cables just break all the time. And I asked my repair gun. Like what do we do in wrong? He's like, well, it's just said everyone here trains heavy and and you know, people grabbed a little ball. Yeah. These two rear belts and it kinks it. And if you got like a bunch of people using 30 pounds, it'll still last a while. But when you got guys doing rear belts, like 80 pounds, and they're holding the cable. You go in and see people do things and then be like, oh, I just have to look away because you know that they're fucking the kid. No, I usually say I'm like, oh, hey, uh, I try to use a handle. They're like, oh, fucking, you know, we put stories up on the Instagram, like, hey, when you grab the ball here, God kills a kitten. You know, if you leave a plate flat on the floor, God kills a kitten, you know, like we put that up a few times. It's pretty funny, especially in your gym, plates on the floor. And uh, yeah, that means a carine kills you. Yes. Yes. In another couple weeks, she'll fight me because she'll just get her extra toss or a way to expand energy to badly dig that play also through. And as well, we appreciate everything, Jordan, you know, as your second appearance on the show and, uh, you know, it's it's it's obviously, you know, your time is valuable and you could be on anybody show and you're here. So we appreciate it. I'll land and feel on anyone else's just doesn't even go past the chat with you guys. Honestly, well, I genuinely mean that because I actually just don't really like go go podcast that much anymore. Unless I'm friends with the people and I know I could actually have a fun chat with you guys as always that's a thank you. Oh, no, Jersman, good luck with your brand and thank you very much. All 10 things that you're doing at once. And, uh, and I can attest you that even if you lose 40, 50 pounds, I guarantee you keep a lot of your strength. Well, because the only things that my strength is really shitty on are things that are injury related. Yeah, but the stuff that I'm healthy on, my strength is still pretty good. You know, and that's like yours down the road. So I can imagine you're going to be six plates stiff legging at a bodyweight of 230. We'll see how it all unfolds. But no, I really appreciate the guys on that. I look forward to seeing you by hopefully as soon as possible. Yes. Travel. Okay. Thanks, man. Cool. Have a great day, guys. You too, Jersman. There you go, Dusty. Smooth it. It's really good. Smooth the silk and we kept it for like two fuck of that was a poor guy. Almost. Yeah. It's fine. I didn't even, I feel terrible. And I hope that the fans that do watch us realize that that was a jam packed episode. And I did not intentionally ignore 700 questions. I got to like four of the questions that were on here. And I sort of like kind of grouped some of them together. And a lot of things I had a lot of that to where a lot of guys were similar questions. You know, one thing that was very cool that I that I didn't bother bringing up because it came up naturally. A lot of women asking questions about training and stuff, which I fucking love. Like, yeah, the crossover that they have created is unreal. You know what I mean? And I think it's also because the respect is is across the board. I mean, how can you not respect what they're doing on all levels? You know what I mean? You can, you know, that old saying like, you know, if you're a hardcore body builder that is able to make it in whatever that means, you know, it gives you all these, I mean, in order to do that, you have to have all these other skills that later can translate into something else. That's a skill too, it's like switching, switching focuses is also a skill. You have to be able to do that. But if you can turn that corner, it's like, watch out. I mean, you could tell, you know, he's holding up blue Francis talking about 10 businesses and yeah, I imagine it's, you know, I imagine it's pretty interesting to be around that house when they're talking about business. Oh, God, it's going to be awesome for sure. That's that's why they're they're good to watch so because I kind of laugh. Somebody asked me, well, the questions was where he sees himself in 20 years. I didn't bother to answer because I'm like, who fucking knows? Yeah. Well, I think he sort of, that's why I asked like, where did you see your brand going and that sort of thing, you know, so it sounds like he, he just sort of does what he thinks is right that day. Yeah. What I did, I mean, and I've got a little bit of an inside being that I'm working with him on the clothing is his vision is different. So we didn't have discount codes. And I told him I said, hey, you know, I'm, I don't need any more financial upside here. I was to have solid, but how do you know we're helping? And he's like, oh, I don't, I don't even, he doesn't even view it that way. He doesn't want to make sure Dusty selling clothing refused the brand as exactly what he was describing the beginning. If you are someone who loves to fucking train then this is your brand. And that's why if you look at who he's got on the brand, they're all people that love to fucking train. Yeah. You know, I mean, we're all very, very different athletes, guys, girls, you know, classic freaks the whole bit, but the one common denominator is if you threw all of us in a gym, we'd have a good fucking time. Yeah. Yeah. And I love that though. I read, he sent that to me and I literally read it and I was like, got it. I like, I felt like I had a media understanding of his entire business model. I was like, oh, okay, you don't need Dusty to sell T-shirt. Yeah, you know, which was, which was really cool plus it fits my style because that's where I took to condemned when I went over there. I said, yeah, I'm not, I'm not really a guy that's like, I use this, but you'll see me use it. And I'll love it and you'll see me in the clothes and people will start to click. And now the only things that I post or the things I use and that's why people buy it. You know what I mean? Yeah. The whole, you know, like he was talking about just being open and real and all that stuff and, you know, he's just got such a personality for that because he's able to just, you know, let it all out and just be, be, you know, himself, which is, you know, the reason why you're sponsored and reason why I'm sponsored. So, you know, and as the love for the training being the bottom line, you know, like a lot of people, you know, ask, you know, what motivates you to train now? You know, and my father is, lots of things like, you know, obviously I want to stay looking like this, right, you know, and then there's a mental health thing. And, you know, my day is not complete without it and I just love to move weights. You know, I love the feeling of the pump, blah, blah, blah, blah, there's all a whole bunch of reasons. But yesterday, actually, a trained chest yesterday and I had one of those, like he said, those little victories and there's not a lot of those now, right, because, you know, training for different reasons and thinking about it a little differently than those like micro victories. But I did, I did a working set of dumbbell presses, right, and I got eight reps, like barely got eight, like the eight wrap like, Braden was like hovering, you know what I mean? And then he had this spot. Yeah. They spotted me on the ninth and the ninth was like a spot. Right. So I didn't go for a tenth, you know, put the weights down and I was like, fuck, that was a pretty good set, actually, because I wasn't expecting, I didn't know if I'd get eight or not. That was an easy. That was like, fuck, that was pretty good set. So I was happy and I thought, and then we did our second set. And I was actually going to do a back-off set. But we're at the stage now where Braden's stronger than me on his opener. Right. So he rolled his dumbbells out of the way and he rolled my, dumbbells that already used back in place. Well, that already there. And I was like, well, I guess I'm doing a second set with the same dumbbells, right, right? It is, but I have a fuck, you know, I'll get five or six. Right. But then when I put him up, I got him up on my knees, I just thought, fuck, why can't I get another eight? Right. And I just, I don't know, was it's able to like dig a little deeper or something, you know, and bam, got fucking eight. And then the ninth was a feather spot. So I did a tenth with a song. So it was a better set. So it's actually a better set. Right. And afterwards he's like, that was a good set. And I was like, yeah, that was a fucking good set. I still got it. You know, now it's still there. I still got it. That little like, let's flick that switch. Flick that switch. I love that though. When you, when you, when you, but you said though, I think it's funny as I described it. When you put it on your knees, it's almost like you knew. Yeah, I'm like, no, one time there. Yeah, what, why did I already commit to less? You know, that's, that's kind of it's funny. But I did the same, same, but totally different. I actually yesterday, because I, I used the machine yesterday, the newbie while training legs. And I've never done that before. And I know it, it makes it harder. So I just, I told Dom, I'm like, I'm just fucking training heavy anyways. So I'll either get buried at five and find out it was too much or whatever. And he was like, okay. And then I did the workout. And I mean, I don't, I have nothing to compare it to. So I thought it was good. I, you know, it wasn't the same weight as I've done before. But that was also strategic. I've been off for a week and a half. But I thought it was good. I had multiple people message me that used the newbie all the time. And they're like, what the fuck was that? I'm like, oh, I didn't, I don't know anybody. So just seem like the right thing to do. Apparently, you're supposed to be way weaker. And to me, that means you're making the decision right to be, and I'm like, no, because I don't know any better. So I just trained to fuck that. Just, they do feel it. Is there a feeling? Or does he turn it on in your like, oh, yeah, I know, like, because we, we were doing different things switching the currents during my set and after my set, he, I mean, the depth that goes into, I'm not going to insult the equipment by trying to explain it at this point. I don't want to hear your suit. It's good enough. It's good enough that I'm, I'm I'm one. I was on my own. I was like, I've used it. He's been using it now for digestion. He's been using to help me sleep, which is actually fucking working. I slept seven hours last night, which I don't do. So it's worth the 18 grand. I'm like, fuck, I don't know get one. Thank you. I mean, literally those things alone. And then the recovery stuff. He's been, yeah, recovery stuff. He's driving on the PayPal. Exactly. That's pretty much that was working out. What I have to have one now for, not for the training stuff though. It's funny. Everyone's using it. And I'll pepper it in here in there, but to be honest with you, I'll just have him do it. I'll pay him to come do those, because yeah, I don't want to manage it. But I'm there to the one thing Dom was really, really good at in the beginning. I mean, I've got a fucking tail now. I've got this thing attached to me. After the first exercise, I forgot he was there. I was just getting in and out, because he was moving for me. He was adjusting the only thing he'd do it. He'd like him to flip the current. So if it was in my quads, he'd flip it to my hands and you'd be ready, because you'll feel it, because you're just, when you'll feel your muscles tighten, if somebody didn't tell you, it would fucking scare the shit out of you. I mean, they fight. Oh, okay. But, um, incredible. So it's funny, you've got this piece of equipment that everyone's using and respectfully, 90% of people have no fucking idea what it is. They're not using it right. They're not doing it right. Multiple people in the city have them, and I wouldn't trust anyone to touch me with that thing, but him. Yeah, so it's like, I don't, you know, that was I told him I said, look, I don't want to start a business. I don't compete with you. I will send all my people to you, but I need to buy one. I need to teach me how to use it and he's like, okay. So I mean, it's not what they're doing is sick and he's actually starting, he's going to have a recovery gym. He just took on 5,000 square feet and is actually going to have a place where he and Abby his girlfriend are running them in there helping people train with them, recovery, posing the whole bit. So, uh, pretty excited. There's always something going on in this fucking city. I love it. Well, if I ever, if, if I'm ever allowed to leave Canada without having to do a government quarantine upon return, I'll come down and we can, I could finally train at that gym you're at. Oh, yeah, I'd love to do a session with the newbie. But put it on one of my fucked up body parts and see if I can feel it better. You know what's crazy? So he started doing he did some bone work on my shoulder where I had the surgery. Literally set it up again, not can explain what the fuck I don't know. But he worked on me for two and a half hours the other day, and intermittently was plugging in different things on to me. No, no manual pressing on me. My range of motion within 20 minutes on that shoulder was night and day. Yeah. I'm not going to ask. Thank you. Yeah, just relaxing tight tissue and yeah. And then he did, he did a digestion one. He literally told me he goes, okay, this is the end of your session. So I'm going to do this real quick. He goes, but go straight home. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. Yeah. Like Dr. Kipati coffee. He's really, he was like, yeah, you'll have to. He goes, probably a couple of times today won't be nothing drastic. He goes, I think it's going to be a work better. And what was funny, he also did some stuff. He's like, you know, I mean, everyone in the world knows I don't sleep. He was, I'm going to put you to sleep. So go home, eat and then you're going to need to sleep. But I was like, we'll see. I'm driving home. I had to call my girl and just stay, keep my eyes open to get home. I got home forced my way through some work and finally I submitted. I was like, dude, I got to take a 30 minute nap. Two hours later, I woke up. Two hours after that, I went to bed for eight hours. I called him morning, like, what the fuck is this thing? Like, yeah, this could, this could take me to another level just being able to sleep. So yeah, immediately worth the investment. And Roden has won a couple of the guys bought him to just to have so pretty sick little, so awesome, man. Well, I want to hear more about it when you get one yourself with a fucking issue. Yeah. When you actually know what the hell you're talking about, that'd be great. Yeah. Also, a lot of people were like, did you guys take a week off? And I don't think we posted anything. We just missed didn't work. Yeah, we're not showing up this week. We pulled the opposite. I thought we were going to like put up a pipe. We should have put up a post. We just like didn't roll in. It's like, what's my look? Is that's how I approached the entire thing? I actually went on the trip. I emailed all my clients who are not in prep. Right. And I said, hey, I'll be checking emails. But I mean, it's going to be three or four days before I respond. So like, 22 hours into this vacation. I'm starting to, like, I can't move and finally, she's like, go work. Check your phone for an hour. So every morning, I spent two hours on and literally, I only had promised myself I wouldn't do a start in new clients. Right. But I couldn't. I'm not wired to take breaks. I don't know how the gym was fine. My body was beat up. So I had no problem not training. But so every morning I had work for like two and a half hours to start the day. And then get rolling. But yeah, we just checked out completely on telling everybody we weren't doing the show. I forgot people watch. Yeah. That was it. I had people to gym. I liked it. You guys, it's not do one. Like, I guess we didn't. I bet we forgot it was Monday. Yeah, I forgot anyone watch. But here we are with JP and I hope everyone likes this episode. He's great. Always great. And so looking forward to next week. And I think actually I've got a few people requesting to be guests. So we don't get back to maybe every other week. Because some people, we just out that I was like, I'd love to have you on. I forgot that. Well, let me know. Yes, let me know. Yes, I'm going to say, well, let me. Let me. That's telling me who's on. I'm like, what? What is that? I told you, Rogan. I wanted to do this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Dusty. And remember everybody, it's just body building.