You know, when people can see some visual stuff in the early weeks, it kind of really gets motivated, gets the ball rolling a little faster. You know, the eyes get crossed, the eyes get dotted. He gets crossed a little bit faster than that kind of stuff. People are like really in prep when trend enters the chat, right? And it's not like we're going to leave it in there for longer than four weeks. It's literally four weeks and it's a very low dose. It's almost, you know, not much to write home about. We're talking 20. Yeah. 20 to 40. So great. The listeners right now, they're like more trend. Yeah. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches, skip Hill and Drew Barry myself. Scott McNaly. And of course, we are brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, thank you guys very much for your support. We do have some Patreon questions today and everybody from Patreon, of course. You guys all get priority. Skip and turn eye. We've been coaching full time for a long time. Especially skip. You've been doing this for longer than all of us. And we are here to basically freely share our education, our experience with you so that you guys can get the most out of this for a course called Body Building that we love. We're also brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Use our code, think over there, supplement source.ca for Canadians. And yeah, I think that covers us, guys. Oh, also too, like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. If you're enjoying our stuff, then please do hit the like button. And if you're new here, we'd love to have you along for all the shows. We have several shows that come out each week. Andrew, we got a question today. I guess he doesn't want to hear what we have to say. He just asked Andrew. He's like, now he's here for Mancharo. So I guess we're just going to skip. We don't have anything to do, man. Yeah. He says, all right, well, there's a couple of them. Let's see. So the one where I was looking for here, though, says, I'd love for Andrew to weigh in on something that I've been wondering. I've heard him mention kickstarting a prep with low dose trend. But I'm curious, could someone run test with NPP instead of test pre-mo or EQ to drive strength early on? Also, would it be viable to add a low dose of trend to test and NPP stack for the first eight weeks of prep or would that be doing too much damage to your lipid profile? Big fan of the show and all the content that you guys put out. It's a lot in there. First off, adding NPP to a cycle is going to have undoubtedly some benefits on your strength and your muscle mass curing all that kind of stuff. But let me just kind of briefly quickly say, I like to use trend for like the first four weeks of a contest cycle. And it's not like everyone gets, that's what they're doing. But I like to use it initially. I think it's trend. Yeah. Trend for you. Trend for you. Trend for everybody. Yeah. Not everybody gets trend. It's more so to get some increased insulin sensitivity, especially if you're coming off of a heavy off season, and maybe you didn't have a pre-prep cleanup, which is very popular now to prep before you prep to make sure that you're going to be in shape and time. But let's say, I see this being the most beneficial with the old school way of dieting back in the day when the guys would do shorter preps and they would just get as big as they could in the off season. And then they just raised a diet off. It would become and for guys to lose 40 pounds in 12 weeks, which today I don't think a lot of us do that anymore. Would you guys agree? Totally on the percent. I am. This question was for you. I'm just planning on getting up anyway. No. It's your own trend in the beginning of a cycle. Think of it, not that it's going to cause you to burn fat. But it's kind of like a cleanup phase in a sense for me where we're going to lose some fat, hopefully some fat quickly. Get rid of all the blow. I don't want anything that's going to romanticize heavily. And we're going to increase nitrogen retention very quickly and we're going to improve your insulin sensitivity quickly. So it's kind of like get the ball rolling. And it's also, when people can see some visual stuff in the early weeks, it kind of really gets a motivated, gets the ball rolling a little faster. The eyes get crossed. The eyes get dotted. Tees get crossed a little bit faster than that kind of stuff. People are like really in prep when trend enters the chat. And it's not like we're going to leave it in there for longer than four weeks. It's literally four weeks and it's a very low dose. It's almost not much to write home. We're talking 20 to 40 milligrams. 20 to 40 milligrams. Yeah. That's like that. That's like that. To get to the second part of the question, could you use NPP early on in a prep? Absolutely. You can use any drug you want at any phase. I do. Yeah. I mean, there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. I don't do that. I think people think when they come to coaches, that they have their one protocol and they just give it out to everybody, which is the nice thing in the world because you could just go on to one of the forums or one of the Reddit links and probably find some of the cycles that any one of us had Britain and think it applies to you. I think people sometimes maybe get annoyed with me when I ask about compounds because it's like, I really want to know what you have experience with, what is work for you, what hasn't worked for you in terms of side effects, whether it's mental, physical, whatever. And I like to take it from there. So especially if you're a guy who's been who's done, let's see you've done three or four shows at this point. Like you should have a pretty good repertoire of drugs or knowledge in terms of drugs that work for you and drugs that don't. Because how many times you guys, it's not common, but I would say one out of every five guys now, there's like, I don't want to use trend this prep. And it's like cool. I make a big note, no trend. I might write it four or five times just so I don't mess up and throw it in at some point. Right. Right. You know what I mean? I'm not going to say it's completely collaborative, but it's like, you know, as a client, you come to us with the body of your own experience and we be stupid to just say, no, it's my way of the highway. So I'll leave it at that and let you guys take over. What do you got? Yeah. I put my courage game. I would be a crimmy fan. That's how that is playing. Okay. So I really don't have much to add other than there are some trainers and people might not know this. There are some trainers that really don't put a lot of focus or attention on the gear. And their clients may be considered more advanced in the sense that those trainers accept that the people who are coming to them as competitors already have a very good understanding of the compounds that they use and how they respond to them and kind of leave the cycle a bit up to them. They want to know what they want to use, but they're not necessarily reprogramming cycles. It's not everybody. Here's what it comes down to. The reason I bring it up is this. There are a lot of different methods from coach to coach where most people probably think that we all kind of have the same methodology or do things the same way. And I'm learning that right now. Because of finally, you know, working with us, I've never worked with somebody before. So did you assume then that like, let me ask you this. So working with Justin now. Did you assume that he was going to do things differently than he is with gear? No, I think there's there's still a lot of parallels. Yeah. Of course. Part of the reason that I went with him. But there are some things that where I go, I wouldn't have done that. But then I laugh about it and I go, well, that's why I'm working with it. So there are a bunch of different avenues. And I've always said to get to the top of the hill or whatever else, there's just all these different roads. And it's the destination is the same. There's just different ways and different methodology to get there. He hasn't done for the record. He hasn't done anything where I went. Yeah, that's not done. And of course, obviously, you know, that's not so it's cool. Even my wife has said, well, gosh, he wanted you to do, he wants you to do this. You know, you're going to do that, right? What I not do it for. What are you talking about? I'm not questioning. It's really nice to not have to make those decisions. I'm telling you, this is a stress, read, ride right here. I'm riding for free. I love that. Can I do that for a second? Huh? Because it how annoying is it when you get, like I say, a new client? And they're like, well, I wanted to go with you because I knew you'd think the exact same way I do. And you do the same things I would do. And it's like, okay, thank you, I guess. But like, save your money? Yeah, like, why don't you put yourself that? You don't say hit exactly. Like, like to me, like, I would just like you said skip, I would go to a coach, knowing or expecting to hopefully learn something. And not like them sitting your ticket notes that I want to use to my own clients. But more like, hopefully the coach is going to see things that I can't see internally. Because they have an outside look, outside in viewpoint. And they're going to see some things a little differently than I would. And hopefully get me to where I want to go a little faster and a little quicker. Yeah. And I still say number one on the list when people ask me, it's easy. It's trust. Yeah. And that is just so vitally. I've always preached it. But I've never been on the other end of it and had to literally go. Now, there are times where I go, I'm usually a lot leaner and sunk in right now. I'm also the type that drives myself into the ground. Yep. And dig such a hole that the ladder isn't big enough to get out of. So it's easy for me to justify that and go, oh, there's something I was doing. Ron, he's pulling me back and he's got his pace and it's just there. I love that man. It's reassuring. And knowing you for so long, having seen you die it before, like this to me is like, this is the first time that it's different. Let me put it that way. This is the first time that it's different. And I think it's going to be at your advantage. Also, this about the, you know, adding compounds earlier on, the, if I were to say, is there anything that I'm against? Like, I would prefer not to. I generally don't like using Orals at 16 weeks out, you know? I, I feel like there's nothing in Oral is going to do that I can't also achieve with an injectable. And I thought it was like, I want to try to keep stress lower. So I probably, I mean, if you really twisted my arm and you're like, man, I respond so good to Anna draw. And you know, maybe the first four weeks of like, maybe we're 20 weeks out. Let's see, 20 weeks out. And we went and run some Anna draw for the first four weeks. Let's go for it. I don't think it's going to be a problem. But in general, I would, I would never come to somebody and say, like, this is what I want you to do. We need to get on Anna draw at 16 weeks out, you know what I'm saying? But I do something similar to that. Well, Andrew was talking about that front, that trend, which honestly I never thought about. And I mean, I, when you've said that the first time I thought Anna, and I'm never even considered that. And it's a good idea. But I do something similar with like, the Scottish ain't every now and then, I don't throw in four or five weeks of Anna draw. People will call it a jump start. Yeah. Yeah, you know, it's a ball rolling type of type of thing. What do you know? What do you guys agree that the time to do that would be, let's say you're starting to prepare up at 20 weeks out, like weeks 20 to say 16 or something like that. Versus weeks like 14 to like 10 or 18. And I think, and I think, and I thought you guys would agree. And the reason why is, you know, what we're doing is already stressful enough, especially to deliver. And we don't want to stress to deliver out and decrease our ability to recycle estrogen and burn fat and convert T4 to T3 that early in a prep when we know we still have 10 12, 14 weeks to go. So like I, like I don't think what you said, skip four weeks of Anna draw or so 20 weeks in. Yeah, that's a great. You know, that's a John Middlestick. You know, he was big on that. Always that right. Yeah, that was a big pocket. We always did that with me. I feel like for majority of props. And I feel like, you know, something I mentioned in the last couple episodes was that idea of the psychological get up and go, you know what I mean? Like if you can really get somebody plugged in, I think that there's a benefit to maybe doing a little bit more than nothing, you know, at 16 20 weeks out. Maybe we don't really need to be hitting the hammer hard yet. But man, if it gets you feeling like I'm in the zone now. Like I'm in my groove, then I think that's only going to benefit us for being able to make progress and all of that. And overall having a good experience. And I think part of what we're talking about here is weighing out the risk to benefit. Like is there a risk like using an oral at 20 weeks out or 16 weeks? Is there a risk? Sure. There's risk to taking an oral any time or taking any steroid any time, right? But we're weighing that out and in our experience, it's not something that I think we, you know, it's not going to be detrimental. So, right. How about the second part of that question about adding a tremble on to NPP? I don't. And I have no problem with it. I don't know that I, you know, I don't make it a point typically I switch them out. No. I will run the NPP early and then I, which is exactly what I'm doing. I don't give away anything with my gear usually. But yeah, I'll pull the, I'll pull the trend. And I usually, I, I'm sorry, I'll pull the NPP. I usually pull it about a week prior to starting trend because acetate kicks a lot quicker than the NPP, the NPP, the NPP, kind of, and I call it a self-tape or call it what you want. And that's the label that I use. So that I don't kind of overlap the two anymore than I have to. So I'll leave the NPP out for a week when I bring the, trying to acetate in. And I've said before, I'll say again, I'm not a fan of any other trend other than acetate. I think personally, I could do just fine with myself and my clients. If there was never any, like the supply of trend, hex and, and I am, they just all of a sudden disappeared tomorrow. Yeah. I have no problem with it. I agree. I agree. I agree. And yeah, I, I don't know what, I'm not really a fan of mixing them either. Because that's, and I'm not saying that that's a hard rule. But I've generally used one or the other. And I can say that when we talked about our best cycle, you know, that we, you know, it was like test EQ and P.P. My take on it is 16 weeks or maybe longer. The first half of it, NPP, the second half of it wouldn't be a bad idea to get some trend in there. Maybe eight weeks of tests, six weeks, eight weeks of trend after that. I'm a fan. And it's nice to have something to go to. You know what I mean? I mean, I think in everything already, then what are you going to go to later, you know, an interview? And he did have a common asking about, would it be more detrimental to his lipids? And you know, having some experience, I can say yes, it was vastly more detrimental to my lipids. When I did something like this, maybe 10 or 12 years ago, it was an NPP. It was actually Deca. So I should be clear about that. But it was Deca. And I did throw trend in and I could not remember the doses to save my life. But you know, it was off season and I was 10 or 12 years younger. So it was probably a fair amount of each. And I thought he would I did my labs six weeks in. And it was enough to make me quit the cycle completely. So I was young. And you were young. And you quit the cycle. That's the same. I was young today. Yeah. I was younger than I was. Right. No, no, no. That's probably 30. You know. But when we're younger, we tend to take those risks a little more. So if you pulled the plug, then versus now, that says something. Well, they can back about Deca and I actually did X. I wanted to see. You know, what I did in my labs running test and P.P. Trend and there might have been probably key in there too if I'm being honest. And let's say it probably topped out around. I would guess 2.5 grams a week. I would imagine with no worlds. OK. And I remember my HDL. I got these labs somewhere. Because I did a whole, I did a whole paper on it for Mount Dog Day showing this stuff. And it was like, I feel like my HDD. It sunk to like, I think it was like subteens. It was like 9 or 10 like you said. And before this like, I was like 50. OK. So yeah, it was a drastic drop. And then the cool thing is with the cholesterol program that I ran afterwards, I got my HDL backup to like 52 within another six weeks. So nice. Yeah. The main point of the art was like throwing the kitchen sink of, you know, lipid supplements at it and fixing it and it worked. So can I add something? But I think, you know, to us would be quite obvious, may not be to the viewers. Maybe I'm not giving them enough credit. There might be some. But we're not doing stupid. OK, fair enough. But there are some people who may not understand this. I am, and I'll just speak for myself. I'm far more concerned about a tank HDL than I am running high LDL. I think so many people isolate. They pull those numbers out and look at them, you know, separately. And that ratio. And also time period. Yeah. If you're only tanked for a short amount of time, OK, you know what? You were smoking for a short amount of time. You were drinking a lot for a short amount of time. That stress on the body really isn't good. And essentially, these things are cumulative. So you don't want that, if you tanked, you don't want your HDL tanked for a long period of time. Because that's just a really bad situation. But understand if you don't know as a viewer, that I think you should pay more attention to that ratio. So if you are running high, and I've had even just average people who aren't even in, you know, bodybuilding, you'll be like, oh, yeah. My doctor said, my LDL's too high. It's got to come down. I'm like, your ratio is fine. Your HDL is off the chart. Like, why are they even concerned about this? I don't even understand why. But I think a lot of doctors do that way too. And probably not the doctors we go to because we tend to look for more advanced. More of advanced knowledge or understanding. Try to get a knowledge based from a doctor that is a little bit geared toward what we're doing geared. I said geared toward what we're doing versus the average person who's going to, you know, get that. Oh, LDL's doing. Yeah. It's the ratio. All right. Let's move on. We got a bunch of stuff. And you guys left us a bunch of great questions. If you want to have questions on the next show, then definitely comment below. And for all the Patreon people, of course, comment on Patreon. So I didn't even really read this completely. It came off DM. I happened to see it like right as we're getting ready to pull the show together. So this will be the first time I'm reading it. Hey Scott, please keep my name anonymous along with my coach. I know that you know him. First time caller, long time listener. I've been working with Skip Hill for a long time. No. I'm just a little bit. Well played. Oh, played. A question for the next show. Profibly blood sweat and gear. My favorite trio from Think Big Body Building. What is the average rate for a coach for the NPC level and the IFB level is there a difference in your opinions? I seem to be going through a divorce from my former coach. It wasn't personal. I competed my show. My was satisfied with what we accomplished, winning an overall at my first competition. I came in peeled, polished, and walked away with the hardware. We were planning to do, we were planning to do nationals. But life happened, things changed, and my body wasn't responding well enough to justify a possible poor showing. We decided to pull it. Body Building being a passion of mine. It isn't something that I can put too many resources into. At the same time, I needed to focus more on other aspects of my life. After just over two years together, I decided that I wanted to do an offseason by myself to save the money. I needed to save my coach. I wasn't happy with this decision. Talking to other athletes from this former coach's roster, I found that I was being charged to rate almost double of what most athletes were paying. Some of them I have to be pros. $400 a month was what I was paying my coach, which I thought was standard practice in the industry. I know good coaches are valuable, but knowing other athletes under his name were being charged at various rates made me feel cheated. I only caught half of that because Rachel's doing this. I'm just waiting for that. I'm just waiting. I'm basically waiting. No, I'm kidding. There's a few things in there. Okay. From a coach's perspective, it could be, as I want to touch on this first. It could be that he was disappointed that, I can't wait to see it. We nailed it. You won. You took the overall. And was already kind of anticipating. Expecting okay, we're going to build from here. It was a great start. You know, I have to understand that as a coach, that first crap is vitally important because there's so much to take away. Not only for the client, but for the coach. The trainer, for the future. It's harder to get, and this is where good coaches are, you know, end up being good coaches. It's harder though to get it, get it right and nail it the first time versus all the shows that come after that because we gain so much knowledge of the peaking process, how you respond to things as those shows, as the show gets closer. So it was probably like, oh crap, like we got it all figured out. Let's move forward. It may not be just because you were going somewhere else because of money. I would like to think. But then there's other things in there that you're saying that, you know, he was saying he was, you know, the fees are kind of, I don't want to say negotiable, but they change from client to client. That. And I want to be careful with this because I don't know who it is or anything. But I'm going to say this because I feel this way. I think that's unethical. That's just my, I don't think it's very good business. And if you guys have, like if you have something that you say, okay, what about this, then I might be able to see it a different way. But I'm the surface of things is unethical because it does show and can show kind of a favor to them or something like what do you mean? Like what I make more money. So you charge me more money. You know, that type of thing. Yeah, let me read about that one. Yeah. Okay, fair enough. And I got a couple thoughts too because what if your coach rewards loyalty? Like let's say you have someone that's been with you for six or seven years. And they started out at, let's take two or a box a month. And you have grain, you've gained acumen as a coach and want to write you and your client load has gone up. And now you're charging people current rates because and you want to continue to reward loyalty of those clients that have stuck with you for five, six, seven years. And yeah, you're doing yourself at a service by not increasing those rates as much as you possibly could have. But I think it shows loyalty both ways, I guess, in a sense. That. And I'm not saying that that's going to say. I'm not saying that that's necessarily what's going on here because maybe it's not. But I just know like I do have, I'll be honest, I have some people to pay less than others because they've been with me for seven years, you know? Yeah, I generally haven't raised when I raised prices and which, you know, doing this for a decade full time, I've raised prices over the years. And probably not as much as I should, honestly. But all of us. I, the people who are already working with me at a price, I've left their pricing as it is and I figured, hey, they're a long-term person and I'm not going to raise the prices on them. The new people though, it's still, you know, the way I see it is, it's still a very fair deal. So I guess if you were to talk to somebody I worked with from, I'm working with for the last five years, you might hear a different price from them. Now, I don't know. I don't know. I know that some coaches will, and I've heard this, will be like, you know, oh, I want this guy to come work with me. So I'm not going to try. I make it like a real sweet deal. In fact, I've even heard some coaches giving gear and stuff to really good clients. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's that I've heard too? Yeah. So I've heard of that kind of thing too. So I'm wondering if maybe it's a high level person like that, you know, where they're getting a free ride out of it or something. There's some coaches out there that pay their athletes to work with them. And we're talking top level Olympia people that, because they know the trade-off is they're going to get hundreds of inquiries because they have that person. They pay their pay. Yeah, I wouldn't do that. Hey, skip, you might spin off. He didn't hear me, I guess. Skip, we can't hear you. Just watch him. Let's just watch him. Just keep watching him. For the audio listeners who are watching skip talk, but we can't hear him. He's like, he's full on. Trying to start to get out. He's figuring it out now. Now, he looks very confused. He's got a button to hit or something. You know, there we go. That's my mic drop down on my boom. And that's odd. Of all the things that could hit him, he hit me at my mic. Awesome. Okay. Where's the point? My point was, number one, I agree with you guys, because I grandfather clients as well, if they stay with me, their rates don't change. To me, I don't think that's fair. New clients different. As you go in price, then obviously. So I agree with you there. I'm glad you guys made that point. As far as the, and I'll say this, traders can do whatever they want to. It's their business. It's their time. You can do whatever you want. But you have to be okay with other people thinking that it might be questionable. Like a client. Like this guy is doing now. And he's questioning, yeah, I don't know if that's fair. I guess I would question. When a tie in the chat is one of my clients, he says, I'd like my coach to pay me to get coached by him. We can talk about these sales later. Thanks coach. Are you a perennial Olympian? Olympian tie? He's close. He's close. OK, we're good there. I mean, there's a lot of factors. I mean, all right, let's say this. You got a client that says, hey, I'm going to pay you for a full year cash upfront. Are they paying the same monthly rate than someone who's paying monthly? True. Good point. You know what I'm saying? That's true. So if someone were to talk to some of those people that we all have, they'd be like, oh, I'm only paying X amount. Or I'm paying X amount. And they're like, wait a minute. I'm paying 20% more. It's like, this person delivers cash in hand on the first of the year. And it's covered them for the next 12 months. So yeah, I mean, it's like any business, right? I mean, I went and dropped a lot more off to this guy today. And he's like, hey, I only take cash. If you want to pay card, I can do it. But I'm going to charge 20% more. I'm like, cash is it? Right. Not good points. But I would ask this guy, were you happy with the service? Because $400 isn't ridiculous amount. That's pretty standard for the industry right now. But I would ask, do you feel like you got your money's worth? And it sounds like you want your show, you want your overall. You have some prospects on an national level. And I guess the real issue is maybe the coach kind of started to get a little upset. The fact that you're leaving them because the skip pointed out when we have a really great season with someone, we're thinking about the future. Like, okay, we're going to get you into great off season. We're going to make these improvements. And then we're going to go to the national level and we're going to go get a pro card. And then we're going to go to the pro stage. So they're thinking like long term. So maybe it just ruins a conversation with the coach like, hey, you know, money's tight. Right now, I really want to stay with you. Maybe, you know, because I do this for some people. Maybe every other week check-ins, instead of weekly, you know, because off season isn't off season. You could get away with that. You could totally get away with that. And you could maintain a great relationship and everybody would be happy, you know. So I would just have a conversation with your coach. And the thing is, is like, a lot of times people go into every single situation. Like, it's got to be confrontational and like, they got to win something out of it. And I think you got to look at the big picture is like, okay, this coach seemingly served you well. And they probably have been making good moves for you. You guys work well together, good dialogue, good communication, all that stuff. So bring all that stuff up and paint that picture to him too. And I think you guys can come up with something that's going to be mutually beneficial and agreeable for both of you. Yeah. I think you can agree that that fee is kind of, I consider that a pretty average, but I'm not surprised by that fee. I don't consider it too low. I don't consider ridiculous. I mean, I just realize I need to raise my plurices like double basically. More. That's what I got to do here today. You're going to get a lot of injuries right now. They're like, I got to hit him before you raise the thing. You like, guys. What I find in is it's a lot of the younger newer coaches that are charged in some sort of around around. I think 600 bucks a month, 650 a month. Yeah. I'm hearing some of these numbers. And I'm like, the person's got four people on their roster. And they've never brought us someone into a pro show, into a national level show. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I think a lot of the thing, a lot of the big part of that is these coaches, all the coaches now are spending a lot of money on education and they're taking courses from Kevin Coaches, which great, you know. But I think there's like, it's a double-edged sword, right? Because sometimes like people lose sight of like the actual coaching. And they're always trying to fix a protocol or they're always trying to like, like a gut protocol or a functional health this or whatever it might be. And those things are necessary. You don't get me wrong. But looking at clients is always needing to fix something or always needing some type of protocol. Yeah. And the real experience you're going to get is the in the trenches checking people and making the changes week after week, doing the actual work of coaching. Right. You're going to get a lot more out of that, I think. I completely agree. All right. I know we had a bunch of stuff from Patreon. Let me see what we had in there if I can scroll over here. Yeah, so here's some Patreon. What are you guys seeing on EGF? Rachel's cooking. She's in prep. So she's got it. We can't say anything in GF. She's in prep. One of the common questions we get asked by you guys is, what would you do differently with your body building if you could go back in time? I've been all the experience and education I have today. There's a number of things that I would have done differently. One of them is that I would have started using college and sooner. College is one of the few supplements that will actually rebuild connective tissue. It took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program. I use true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef collagen. I get the unflavery version. I pay for it myself. Just like you guys do, I use 20 grams a day. Makes it into my coffee. It's totally unflavery. You don't even taste it. Plus, I use 10 grams of their micro-nized creatin. Creatin has been shown to improve brain health, especially for the aging brain. I need that. Of course, we've always known about the muscle building effects. This is my morning routine every day and I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. Use our code, thank for savings. Plus, it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard. Otherwise, they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app. And I'm doing what the dude is. EGFR skip. Do you see EGFR change on a blast? We're talking about blasting gear, not blasting. Not just blasting, as far as... What are the kind of blasts is there? Training? I just don't know if you meant, if you were going to... I don't know. If it's our audience skip, you can assume it's gear. It's true. It's true. It's flooding sweat, too. If they're talking about the crews, they're not going out of boat. I think I think it's like a lot of bites. Sometimes, I will assume that it's one thing when I talk to a client. Then we have a back and forth three times before I figure out. We're talking about two different things. Anywhere. Yeah, here's what I'll say. Maybe you guys have seen this too. I'll see the basic EGFR go down. It's more formulated off the button and the creatine. But not the CIS-Net and CIS. Ultimately, if you have problems with that, I call it the very basic EGFR. It runs a little low, then you've got to get the other test. Really kind of see where it's at. Typically with the rudimentary EGFR, the basic EGFR, it'll come down sometimes. But again, blast is relative. Some people tolerate things better than it just depends. It can. It certainly can. The more you may take a hit, the more that it's all that much more important to be hydrated and nutrition is on and everything. There's a lot of factors. Hydration of blood pressure. Certainly, make sure your blood pressure is always under control when you're blasting. And there's always, are you training much harder when you're blasting the cycle? I'm sorry guys. I feel like every freaking possible sound has come in through. We've got the helicopter flying over my head. There's my cup too. I think we turned your mic up and that's probably what I get here today. It's like all sorts of extra noise. Maybe try turning it back down. I'll edit the rest though. We'll be good. We'll be good. Okay. Sorry about that. That's all right. Let me see what else we have here. I know we had a bunch of stuff. All right. So still from Patreon, George says four weeks. And this is, you actually posted this two weeks ago. So six weeks into my first cycle coming from a 200-millimeter per week test base, running 350 tests in 300 pre-mo in E2 was around 45 to 117. It's like, it's like, yeah, we can E2. Big window. Oh, I'm sorry. I maybe I should blow this up. It's like, it went from 42 to 117. That makes more sense. Is it even possible to have this type of Astra-Trin rise with real pre-mo? And once again, that's 350 tests 300 pre-mo. Sure. Absolutely. It's possible. Well, first off, I would make sure it is real pre-mo. Like, have you seen like a Janishic report? Have you? But not every single person is going to have clear cut, you know, estrogen, suppressing effects with pre-moble or, you know, it's the same reason or the same reason. Reasoning why like some people might need, say, 25 milligrams of aromasin versus some guys need six and a quarter with very similar drug levels as the base of their cycle. You know, some people will convert more. They were almost identified. I agree with that. But would we all three of us not see those numbers and go? That's a little bad. You know, it makes stand out and it gets go. I know I would. What I would do is I'd say, hey, call this guy pick up the, get this pre-mo and then let's retest it and make sure it's, it's you reacting to pre-mo or make sure that the, you, the pre-mo you were using is, is real basically. Yeah. He said the order, so there's another part to, he said, ordered and waiting on a test kit from Roy test are these test reliable. I'm personally going to say that I've seen flaws with you. Yeah, I'm a two. I would save money off the Roy kit and I would actually just pay the 120 and send it into Janishic and get it tested. I'm, I'm emailing him. See if he'll come on drugs and stuff podcast. Get him one with us. Well, I, we had a thing going already. I'm drugs and stuff. So I gave money. I paid for a paper. Well, that's true. That's true. But yeah, we had a thing going there and yeah, it's interesting. Anyway, though, there's a lot of side conversation there with some, some listeners that don't believe that there's any fake gear out there at all anymore. So by that standard, 95% of gear is real and less he got the five, that's what I heard online today. 95% of all UGL gear is 100% legit. 95% of the time it's 100%. I wouldn't say 80. I would say 85. Yeah, because everyone realizes they can just test this stuff. Like if you go on the Janishic slay, there's nows and like people are sending stuff in every day. That guy must be making a fortune right now with his test business because this was not even a thing 10 years ago. We just prayed and hoped that we were getting a real. We knew the test was real, but we just hoped that the trend was real because the color of the bottle. But we hoped that the pre-mo, we hoped that the test prop was real. EQ, we could probably usually trust. Anavar was a big one that was fake quite often. What are the other ones? Yeah, it's a different landscape today. It's funny. Excuse me. I explained, the world we live in today is so fast moving. People can DM a guy, put an order in, pay with some electronic means and have their stuff two to three days later. If it's not there, two to three days later, their text and their coach, like, you have the guy you sent me, I think he burned me and it's like, bro, this isn't Amazon Prime. You're buying legal substances off the internet. The fact that you're even getting it is amazing. I mean, skip now is when we first started, you hope that the guy you sent money to cash, by the way, the cash for the mail to was honest and had morals and would actually send you what you ordered. And I was not checking. And you waited literally sometimes two months. Two months. Two months. You were just for it. But sometimes Western Union to call you an issue, why are you sending money? That too. And one out of every five years. You lost your money. I wanted every five turn out to be a long deal. So we should all be very appreciative of the world that we have to. We've got a million providers now. And I would say I talked to, I was talking to Lats about kind of the climate today. And he said, oh, yeah, there's still plenty of fake stuff out there. And he said sometimes it's not even the fault of the source. He said a lot of these guys. You know, some of the lot of people are testing, but there's a lot of companies that aren't testing too. There's over on PM. There's sources that Lats would trust sources that he says, hey, we don't see testing on them. Guy say, yeah, I got swollen off of it. But what does that really mean? And he said that recently there was some big shutdowns that happened over in China. They basically closed up a lot of the mom pops. There was basically they went over there. And they couldn't do their checks and balances because they didn't even know where like a lot of these companies were operating from. So they just went down to town to all these little mom and pop, peptide and hormone producers and shut them down. And even some of that, like I don't want to mention the names. I could tell you guys off the air, some big companies ended up getting burned in this process. Companies that did test their stuff and they found out companies that are super respectable, like no hormone present, no hormone present. And they caught it. But there's going to be other people that get that stuff that don't catch it. Yeah. Anyway, what was the question? E2 is what, yeah, 117 skip. You were saying you're not really that concerned anyway. So I mean, it depends what the ratio is test estrogen. But I'm going to be concerned if that estrogen level goes up when someone starts premores, especially if it's roughly 50, 50. Oh, yeah, that's what they're saying. 50 tests to, oh, I think it's what he said. I'm sorry. Yeah. What was he using before? Did he mention that he was on 200 tests like as a base. It was a T or T. Okay. And then he went to 300 tests, 300 tests and 300 pre-mo. Oh, you're just taking more tests. I mean, a kind of sound. You're taking 650 micks of tests. Yeah. I totally didn't miss the part that he was running 200 and had it in test at 45. Yeah, I blew over my head. So I'm sorry. I would say you're possible. You're running tests and tests probably. Yeah, I can see that. And, and what that being said, premable on was the main compound that people are having hard time getting right now. That was the reason. Everything I've been hearing from sources was no pre-mo for a while. So if you have a good source by all their bottles and tell your client, talk to somebody about that overseas. And I guess they were having issues with pre-mo and they were issues with testing that they too. They had this stuff that was causing major issues. And so they basically shut down the production is what this company told them. So basically they've been pumping out a lot of shit, premable. It's in a point where it's pointing people in our school. Oh, like bad pre-mo. Yeah, yeah. Massive information, massive swellings. A couple of people that were suspected with sepsis. It came to like with one lab. They've pulled everything. I think a few of us are trying to trace through it. They just seem to be difficult to get in pre-mo, but it just seemed to be still available. I know one lab that's gone to an Indian supplier. Until they get that sorted out. And some places just like stopped altogether. Yeah. Here's an irony for you. You guys know I'm not a big fan of pre-mo. Got a bunch of it. Yeah, you know. You know, you use it. So yeah, there's a shortage. I got a bunch of it. Don't like it. Yeah, I'm just going to get hit out. Get it in three. It's a bottle. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. What about this one? Thoughts on donating plasma and impacting your recovery and your gains. I mean. All right. I don't like it. Yeah, I don't like it. For people who, you know, may not know. Again, I don't know what people know. So beat me up, viewers. But, you know, the plasma is where everything's carried. Are you gear? Can you give plasma? Give them all your gear. At least not all of it. You're not giving them all of it. You're not giving them all of it. You get my point. Yeah, people say, oh, it's in the blood. Yeah, it's in the plasma. So I always laughed when I did double red. Because I'm like, you give me back my same plasma. Is it somebody else's business? Because if you take the blood out, can you give me back my plasma? I don't lose any gear that way. Obviously, don't tell them that because that would just qualify me from that. Right. Yeah, you don't mention that part. Right. No, I screwed myself with bond fees back in Colorado. That was years ago. Where they blacklisted me. Oh, really? Because I could dumb ass. I got to talking too much. Yeah, dad. Imagine that while I'm sitting there squeezing the ball. I'm like, oh, yeah, you know, I just, yeah, I give blood because my doctor really wanted me to bring my numbers down. It's like, what? So she went and talked to somebody else and they went and talked to somebody else. They came back and stopped the blood donation. They put it back to the bread. They put it back to your arm. Yeah, yeah. You ain't the right answer. You need a script for that. And we can't. And then literally put me on the list. And the only blood donation in all of Colorado was bond fees at that time. So I couldn't give blood. I had to hang my arm. I remember that was a joke about hanging my arm over the deck. Oh, yeah, I remember that. Black lighting into the coffee can on the lower deck. I mean, obviously I didn't do that, but it made for a really good story that apparently stuck with people for a while. I never forgot about that. The coffee can. Yeah. He's letting it just blow. Just blow it into the wind and try to hit the cost of the can. You know what? I never once donated blood. Never once have I donated it. But I did a lot of therapeutic for a lot of me. So I mean, same difference. Although I will say that they had the vacuum bags for a long time. And then they got these vacuum bottles in the nurse knew I was kind of crazy about IV needles. I didn't do I am shots all day. IV needles. I'm not a big fan of. And so she thought maybe like I don't want to see the blood. And one time she like tried to put it behind her back. So it looked like I didn't look at it and she dropped it. And I literally, oh my god, you know, you don't know what like. Like an unaliving scene smells like until you've been in a room with a pint of blood. Just blow the iron and just hit everybody in the room, you know. Girl got me when I went to the hospital one time for something and they hooked me up. And I'm talking sprayed like everywhere. Like the floor was like somebody had had a knife wound. And it was deep. Yeah, all over the flank. They had to bring it in my pocket and like yeah. And like they were like, are you okay? Are you okay to watch this? You want to say I'm like, I don't care if like it's fine. And they're busy. It's a street 500 mills just. It looked like 500 mills. In my case, it was like already kind of like starting to coagulate in the bottle. So there's like a big clump in the it was so gross. It was my story isn't as good. I prick my finger the other day checking my blood sugar. Yeah, squeeze it and hit me in the face. Did it really? And I didn't know that's what it was. And I was like, I felt that I'm a nose. So I checked my nose. I thought I had a nose. So I go to the bathroom and I'm like, oh, I know it's like running down my finger. I'm like running down my finger. I'm like, I don't have a nose bleep. It's shot out of my finger. Oh, I can hit me. I'm a nose right below my nose. Check that B.B. I know kidding, right? We kind of covered this already because we talked about energy all the kick start a cut. But what about thoughts on anodural just during a cut period? It's the only oral I have and just want the experience. I mean, how could you do anodural if I don't know what else he's got, but let's just say it's like, I don't know what to do tonight. I don't know what to do tonight. For the audio listener, skip just. Oh, yeah. What was he doing? What did skip do? I won't say, if you're going to do it. If you're going to do it, make sure you're a head in terms of conditioning. So that you don't get freaked out when the scale jumps five pounds. Yeah, or your coach. Yeah, you know, yeah, yeah, don't make sure you tell your coach that you're doing it. And you're on the same page for one thing. But yeah, no, because you will see, you know, weight'll obviously be stagnant or increase several pounds. And you'll have a great week of training for sure. No, yeah. And that's why you would want to do it. Appetite control. Yeah, I mean, that's why you would want to do it. You know, is, is A, appetite control would be just having another great training, where you can kind of reinvigorate a little bit. But it's not something I would always do. It's not something I would. It's not the oral I'm going to when we're six weeks out. But that way. Yeah. And our name of the key was doing a show. I think it's just like non-competitors. Yeah, all day. Yeah, that's the best scenario. Then if you're, if you're, if you're, yeah, each lean and you throw an anadrol for two weeks, you're going to feel like a million bucks and you're going to look stacked. So I would absolutely do it in that scenario. I'm going to come back to this one in some way. One of her stuff on said, I love the episode guys. Can you do another contest special episode? Please. It's been a minute since the last one. I don't know a contest prep special. So we do that soon. Maybe next episode. Yeah, we do contest prep special. Do you guys see any muscle loss with a red attrute? No. I have not personally run it, but I have had plenty of clients on it. And none of them have lost muscle. I would say this. I felt like I saw a little bit of muscle loss, at least a flattening effect with thuseppotide. And I don't, I think you ran a two-scadot. You might have something to say about that. But, uh, red up. No, no one. No one's looking flat. No one's. If anything, it's really just like, you know, I don't have an appetite. I don't have this undying hunger, you know. I'm fine. I told skip about my plan, which my plan worked, man. So I, I did, I don't know if you'd call it a skip load or a crap load. But, basically, I, uh, I couldn't get enough food in Andrew. And I, I, talked about this on my ask me anything. I had this French toast for a cheat meal. I had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. Friends toast dress for a cheat meal. I was involved in some of those famous. And that never happened to me. And that kind of stuff to me because she knows So she says, scha find stuff. I had my luck. So she definitely fought at lunch before an� why. No one was doing something. So these free-training footsteps. sweet and there's all these carbs I felt sick and like I couldn't handle it. I thought I was going to barf so this week I ended up having a what was it Culver's double burger with a fries and then I let just let it chill for a little while. Then a little while later it was hungry again and I got this thin crust frozen pizza that a one that I like and it's like 110 carbs and over the next hour or so I ate that pizza and I had three donuts and I had a half a chocolate bar. I ate like 300 carbs basically and I was able to get it in and I was up like a half a pound the next day and I've been feeling good this week and training is going great now versus before I just felt like I didn't even really want to train because I was so depleted feeling so I would say that if how hard I was dieting if I were taking more right a true title like if I didn't have it if you didn't do it right then I could see you losing muscle. I think that you don't have to stand up. Yeah yeah yeah but the way we're talking about using it smaller doses in a cycle we're also eating a bodybuilder diet you know let me also just add another point because skip it kind of mentioned one of the main reasons why you hire Justin was to egg give the reins over to someone else and do not worry about his own prep and do not drive himself into the ground and I do think that coaches that work with other athletes again I'm into great condition we kind of like beat ourselves up even worse and I'm not trying to say like over these tough guys or anything but like I know for me whenever I prep myself it was always just keep pushing harder keep getting depleted keep getting depleted all hold off another two days for a refeed hold off and I think it's just our mindset of so where I'm going with that is you would probably begin that way even without the reddit is what I'm saying. Oh with the my way with the hot with how you're walking right now because you're locked in right now you're like traditional where everything I'm getting peeled this summer so yeah well this is our business how we look and how we respond to getting lean that's the people are paying attention it's not going to look very good if skip isn't in condition when he stands on stage you know I mean or if it's mediocre so there's that and you know I've said before I have mediocre genetics but I have to be in condition is there's a benchmark there there's an expectation even if there weren't for other people or my clients there are most certainly is for me sure I have to be able to come off the stage and go okay I might have gotten beaten but my conditioning was still crazy yeah I like that alright advice I am tapering off of clan T3 and letrasal in between some shows each show is six weeks apart how would you advise tapering down to reset recover receptors before starting up again and any other damage control tactics can I just say off the bat real quick and then you guys can take over if you want six weeks between shows rough. Like so give me give me a couple give me three once you get past four or five week mark I don't like the four to five to like seven or eight. At least if you get past eight you can kind of reset you can pull back a little bit on the diet you can pull back on the gear without really having to I don't want to say micro manage but you know six weeks is not a lot of time to come down too much before going back up depending on you know what it is clan no big deal T3 probably not a big but you know you're getting into morals you're getting into yeah the other things that you just you know you can pull back obviously we're gonna pull back on the morals but I would rather and I try to get my clients to do two to three weeks apart if I can or more than eight maybe you stick in rule maybe it's a qualifier and then national so you know which is a bit quite typical you know because you know I think three times I had an experience of twelve weeks in between a qualifier and then or a national show and then another national show and let me add that it's important if you have to peek for them versus you know if you're using natives an example if you had to qualify he's probably gonna come away with that qualification you know if I 90% without breaking you know yeah a lot of guys like that can just run through and they can kind of I would actually argue the other way the other way that with their say 10 to 12 weeks in between shows you can absolutely peek for both of them knowing that you have a good amount of time you know what I'm saying you know I was based in that my time frame out was actually peeking you know between the couple weeks you know you can peek you know like just a little bit or just kind of ride it for those few weeks but to peek at 100% or want to peek at 100% and then peek at 100% again yeah give me give me more than six weeks get the ice the water has and even changed a lot do you know what I mean yeah like yeah a lot of times you look so much better in the second show a couple weeks later you could almost kind of hold that and then just do minor changes going in but yeah like six weeks you can't you go away perfect start two weeks is perfect for qualifier yeah yeah but yeah but the answer is question I mean just pull the client out completely don't need to taper off it just stop taking sure if you're in shape you probably don't even need it anymore maybe add it back in two to three weeks out from the next show with really well in my opinion all you're really going to taper is probably your orals you're going to pull probably like halo tests and if you're using it out you might pull the wind straw out and in for talking six weeks what I would do in this situation is I would quit the orals cold turkey for two weeks and probably start adding back in it four weeks out maybe three and yeah I think like we're all agreeing that it's easier to hold a look even when you pull the orals out than it is to like get the look when you're on the come up so yeah you could probably push it to three weeks out add all your orals back in then you're going to be completely fine in terms of like um letters all which I don't I don't really use letters all but in terms of roomitates and inhibition I don't know if I would change anything because you're probably not going to change your base drug you're probably not changing your testosterone you're probably not changing your if you're using master on or cream a bone or some of the other compounds you're probably not changing those much maybe you're going to run off the trend for two weeks give yourself a little bit of break it's a nice good sleep for a couple weeks and then the last one T3 I probably wouldn't change T3 at all unless you're kind of treating it like you're reversing into into into this next show and you're finding that your metabolism just taken off you can start pulling the T3 you're feeding up calories and your body's just kind of like riding the snow momento yeah like the best scenario really you know I wonder with that letters all if he's running lethero like he's really crushing estrogen I'm guessing you know is he is that his game plan is he thinking like I need to crush my estrogen into the show and then I need to do it again in six weeks because I don't think any of the three of us would be like hey we got to add lethero in you know commonly I think going into it I don't really crush estrogen like I use too I guess it's funny I hear more female bikini coaching crushing estrogen than males and bodybuilding really I'm talking there's a very very well known coach one of the topic kini coaches, for cards you know three or four every national show yeah people only Olympia whatever runs aromas and a dex and letters all all three together yeah and I know this first hand from a girl who when we're at universe one year I wasn't coaching her obviously I don't remember name we're just she's happened to be in my room sitting on the couch and that sounded weird but anyway yes they did yeah you know you go to show as a meet people and you go into someone's room to watch and pose and he's got a girl friend or someone that he's kind of seen whatever and this girl could even get off the couch to go check in for her show she skipped that because her estrogen was so zapped she just couldn't she was like mummified she was like I can't move right now I'm like do you think you need medical attention she's like no I just I just want to rest I don't think I'm gonna do the show I don't feel bad I will say that um excuse me base on some information that I got last year from a top not directly from him from a top prep guy who crushes estrogen and is known to crush estrogen I thought you know what I'm gonna play let's just see I've never just killed an ant with a grenade before okay so I'm gonna do this higher arimidux than I've ever run and then for about two and a half weeks put letters on top of it oh yeah and I gotta tell you I didn't feel very good how did you tell you this yeah the look I was like oh this is why he does it like it was markedly really I've seen there to be benefit but to a degree so I'm surprised you hadn't done it in the past because that's how I can I did it was crushed but not to this literally killing an ant with a grenade I mean it was so overkill I want to give just just an idea I want to say it was 1.5 meg a day okay and about two or 2.5 I'd have to check the dose of the letters all of a day and understand yeah that the testosterone dose you know I'm typically in the 1200 I might have been at 1400 probably for 1400 because I'm a little bit lower this year so probably 1400 I mean clearly crushing you know and you have your mass strands and I didn't have pre-moans like that but clearly it was just crushing I mean joints didn't heal great they they honestly I thought they'd feel horrible like I would notice this oh my gosh like I'm just creaky it wasn't horrible but they just didn't feel very good sex I mean sex drive I'm in West Palm my sex drive was like in Seattle yeah yeah just not even it's good way to put it I feel like it was my net alone way away from us even the thought of my skin being touched I'm like that much AI just like me when I look up I get away from you know what I imagine I mean if I had to pull bloods I'd have probably been you know HDL of negative 30 right I don't even know you know I wouldn't have wanted to see my bloods at that time if I'm being honest now it wasn't for a very long time yeah because it was toward and I'm gonna I'm gonna put this out there it was as I was digging my biggest hole so I don't know if it contributed to it or if it you know whether it was correlative or causative but even pulling it back it didn't fix the situation so I think it was just correlative I don't I don't think it caused it but nonetheless it was during that time period but I tell you the look alone was like and it was part of the right might just keep grinding just keep grinding because this look is damn well it's hope that you can save that again about your look coming up here without killing an accurate with a grenade or if you do you know it is what it is but tell us about it then if you did I'm just gonna do what you gotta do yeah I think it goes well always mash it I think it goes yeah you know not like skin but like it goes both ways we did say you were wrong just say it no but in all seriousness I've seen like when people do crush our estrogen when it comes to filling out it just doesn't happen because you do need to have some good for collection since they's activity oh and also like when people do this like earlier on and up rep and they really crush it it's like fat loss kind of just comes to a stall like a standstill so like they're hard and like a dry skin look but like they're just not making improvements on those little areas that just need to get thinner and thinner thinner but I have seen great cases too so to like what's kept talking about so I think it's one of those things it's worth experimenting once and if you're someone that can deal with two to three weeks of feeling like absolute death then you know go for it so okay so back to this guy back to this guy then so let's say that that is what he's doing he's leveling his estrogen going into this show and he had what six weeks before the next one obviously doesn't want to ride that out for six weeks but what are we gonna do to let that come back up and then drop it again pull the let's you're on go to something like a romance and for you know maybe a 25 makes every other day for the next three to four weeks and then add the let's go back in is what I would do yeah I go with that it is one of those things too though it's like once you see yourself look a certain way take it certain things it's hard to tell someone or for someone to be like yeah I want to stop looking like this you know what I mean you have to question any type of rebound too like how batter you're gonna rebound you know come yeah it could be not great well then I mean I think it's got to be a mature client in terms of you know food and someone who isn't doing their first or second show someone who's been through the process to wear food is just fuel to you know to make it an out of it but you know what I'm saying like as you guys you know got later on your careers did you even really think about the post show meals or the food after the show it was like I just want water and maybe a little bit of food yeah I want to sleep and then I want to get back to some good training sessions again like a week or so and I want to wake up tomorrow I want to wake up tomorrow and have sex yeah I want to want to want to want to you want to want to right exactly I don't know if skip's gonna want to answer this question but we will throw it out to him because it was asked by Jason Frost on YouTube he says skip what show are you doing not sure what this when this was filmed but I'm doing St. Pete Masters National St. Pete and Masters Nationals currently 12 and 15 weeks out with love to meet you yeah I message him I told him I'd seen him put the word okay saw me to say hi okay Masters Nationals in it and if for some reason you know things are going great and it looks oh maybe you should come back in five weeks I might have a hotel reservation at the exact same venue and flights back to Pittsburgh five weeks later I also our friend might have Pittsburgh pirates seats right before the for the for the first show but not for the second I don't I don't want to make too many plans for the second yeah yeah you maybe you're not going to be there you know they may have no the plan is to not be there right that's what I'm saying don't buy tickets you know um okay what do you guys think about using EQ and contest prep 100 milligrams of test with 750 EQ okay 100 milligrams of that we're going there I've never heard of that first I have never heard of this test loss your own level so low and an an an EQ level not that it's so high but I guess the ratio of testosterone yeah um I can't really speak on it I've never had anyone do it I've never I here's what I think I think you might look a little flat not just what I'm thinking yeah I mean well okay let's go another way do you guys are you guys a do you pull testosterone typically going into shows first yourself and for others or are you a ride your testosterone maybe lower to a little bit going into the last couple weeks generally keep the test in if if everything's looking good I don't want to change that personally you know okay if anything I might not take the EQ because it's such a long yesterday it was just kind of ride for those last couple weeks and yeah last volume well like are you gonna are you gonna pull the EQ like two weeks out or three weeks out I guess I don't know yeah I would pull that before before I would pull the test loss yeah I've often pulled EQ as I'm getting into like more volume of oil it's just because I'm like yeah is this really giving me what I need or am I better off with the mast in the trend you know right the only thing is is EQ these days I mean is anybody getting it less than 300 and it's usually 400 makes it's it's not very voluminous but I get it and you know it depends on how you respond and you know I'm an old-hand skit I'm an old-hand that was back my day well and you know depends on the compound because like as an example I do prefer more probe as it gets closer because I get inflammation from it remember as born-over very narrow shoulder clavicles so the more localized inflammation I get from those shots in my shoulders they benefit me greatly so more probe more irritation going into my delts delts around out quite quite quite a bit better then you know putting things in there that don't inflame guys we appreciate you tuning in thanks for being here with us leave us questions for the next show we've got more blood sweat and gear coming your way so definitely we'd love to hear what you guys have to say and share with your it's your thoughts on estrogen have you crushed estrogen and was it a good thing for you I bet you that if you're a bodybuilder and you're like over 40 and you're like a competitor over 40 you've done it at least a handful of times so tell us whether you guys like to crush us should or not and of course reach out to skip over at team skip that calm and Andrew over at bodybari.com hit me up at McNally diets at gmail.com and of course thank you to true nutrition.com for supporting our programming the first advertiser that it ever worked with us for all the crazy titles that we put out on this show sometimes I'm grateful that there's still around use our code think over there and thank you to supplement source.ca for Canadians next episode we've got your insane set of the week guys in another episode of Blood's Wet and Gear will see you soon.