What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill, Andrew Barry, myself, Scott McNeilly, and we are joined by our special co-host back again, Nate Spear. What's going on, man? What's up guys? How you doing today? Good to have you. All of our programming is brought to you by you guys, the people at Patreon. Thank you for all your support. We've got a few Patreon questions here today. By the way, anybody who wants to take part in the show comment below because we can use questions for all the shows you guys help to make us do this thing. So, they put it all together. We're also brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Use our code, think for additional savings over there, and supplement source.ca for our Canadians diving right in. What was our topic, Andrew? Was something along the lines of when to add in oral space at least to your plan? Being a cod or an off-season? I mean, I think, obviously there's lots of applications, there's different types of the world. We could all maybe pick our favorite times that orals in, or what I had started talking about before we turned on the microphones, who was maybe educating people on how to layer in orals towards the end of a cut or towards the end of a prep. It doesn't have to be a prep, but more so to listen, a cosmetic look out of it versus just an organic benefit in the gym. I'm like an I prefer windstrawl personally, and I know Skips can account for me with his favorite being Annabar. But I like windstrawl personally because of the dryness that you get out of it. In terms of like wind to add it in, I think four to five weeks before you're ready to either hit the stage or before, let's say, you got a vacation plan of some sort. I like to do about five weeks out, starting with something like 50 milligrams a day. I'm not afraid to bump it up to 100 milligrams a day, but I think most people would be fine somewhere in that 25 50, maybe even 40 milligrams a day in terms of application. Before we got it. I don't know if I'm an encountering. I had to find a catch up here. This Andrew's acting extra wide today. Did you see that skim? He's got the, you know, it's funny because when someone mentioned about Nate, I first noticed that I'm right underneath him in the contrast sucks. Then, I look over to my right and I'm like, I think Andrew looks slightly broader here than Nate, I'm sorry, no shot at Nate there. But I'm like, I don't know if I'm going to go put on a flannel and put some balloons in my delt. I even see that I don't know. Nate might be matching you on tan actually, just at least in this lighting. Yeah. He's kind of, he's kind of the bust an into your space there. You know what I mean? He's blown up your spot. I'm not going to show. And I'm not going to show. Sorry to interrupt you though, I apologize. If I have a bad connection and I can't stay on the show today. I'm going to, I'm going to say, look, everybody knows because I'm very, you know, vocal about it. I have a big, big fan of Annabelle. I typically put it in first. And a lot of times I'll start it sooner. But I always get wind straw in there. I'm a fan of wind straw too. Just not as much of a fan as the end of it. And I have this one minor side effect when I take wind straw that my hands get real tight. I don't know if you guys have had that. And when I say tight, it's not, it's not horrible. It's not, but it's enough for me to notice. And you know, you sit there and you just, you just do like this sometimes five times a day or like, oh, yeah, my hands are a little tight with the usual. But outside of that, I put in the Annabelle maybe ten weeks out. And then I'll wait until six or sometimes eight weeks with the wind straw. I think I run orals. I might run orals typically longer than you do, Andrew. Like when you say five weeks, I'm like, no, I've got orals in my five weeks. But that's just, that's just me. And it's probably more because I'm a big, big fan of the Annabelle. I mean, I'll put the wind straw in there. Yeah, I'm about a six eight week with the wind straw. Some of, if I had to say nine percent time, I'm probably ten weeks out Annabelle. And it can be out whether it's a show or a cut, but six eight weeks of wind straw. Can I also offer the reason why five weeks out seems like a good time frame for me is because typically I will always have clients who multiple shows. So like, there's your move. Yeah, if they're doing a qualifier in October and Nationals or whatever is in November first, it's going to end up being a longer run. But I'm saying from the first show, I think, and honestly, if you can't qualify for nationals without a longer use of some of those orals, you probably shouldn't be doing nationalals or show of that caliber. I'm saying, so it's not to say that I run it shorter duration. You, I would just give an a time frame of wind to add it in as well as for people that, you know, let's say they're not competitors. They're like, hey, I'm going on a cruise for a week and I want to be the most jack diesel guy out of my group. I would probably say, you know, five weeks for hand is probably a good time frame. That's another tip, just in that situation, too, is if you're going on a cruise, you want to look like the most jack guy going a carnival cruise because of all obese. They have no chance and you could go in like mediocre shape and you're going to be the best in shape dude there on the road. I might take it even shorter for for windstroll personally. I might do even like four weeks for number one, that reason you mentioned Andrew, I think that's smart because you get people that are planning for, you know, eight, ten weeks out from that first show and newer guys might not be thinking of like, I know you wouldn't do that either, skip. You're not going to have somebody do that for the first show, eight weeks, ten weeks for that first show and then go another, you know, six weeks, you know, racking up to like, you know, sixteen weeks on an or a, of course. But I've even found though like for me, I think that one of the limiting factors with windstroll is I have seen people get joint issues after an extended period of time with a higher dose. And I'm one of those people. I found that for me, like anything after six to eight weeks is going to be, it's going to be potentially an issue. So I found I've relied more on the other DHT, something like master on and obviously we're getting somebody absolutely peeled. So if you've got them, absolutely peeled, you've got the master on in there. I probably already have the trend in there. Then I feel like for me that or was going to be like an icing on the cake and like 50 windstroll for, you know, a light heavyweight is probably going to be where I would go for just that last four weeks and you know, something along those lines is probably what I do. But hey, I might add some halo in for the last two and top of that who knows. Per sure. Yeah, when you guys, well, because I for me personally, I just noticed the effects much greater and more like the hardness and like sort of like dry like white guy look, you know, you know, the great to earn look. But yeah, I will say I would agree with you guys, because for me, honestly, I would say seven days in like I see the effects pretty much fully rocking and rolling, you know, and I mean, I can tell visually like, okay, we're everything's good to go. So like why would I need much longer time than that? But I will say too, like I mean, sometimes like I don't mind doing a little bit of anover early like later in the prep and then switching over to windstroll, you know, I mean, depending on the person, but to help with like fullness and dieting hard, those like there's like 12 weeks to like eight, seven weeks and then switch over to windstroll. I might do that too with some people, you know, how about you, the both? Yeah, I've seen that too. I mean, I haven't done it. I did a few people. I'll go ahead. I was going to say I the first time I did it was with a client who had a prescription for 25 var and 25 windstroll. And I think it was even like in the same capsule, you know, of course it was a, you know, compounding pharmacy that put this together for him. But we ended up doing just that and I figured, okay, well, 25 and 25 that gives us a 50 total. Let's just run that. I can't remember how long we ran it for, but it probably wouldn't have been longer than like six weeks. He was a men's physique guy at that. Really good shape, but it's like we already, you know, we didn't need to run a lot more on top of it. It worked great for him. It was the first time I had ever done it. I've done it a couple times since and it's not something I would say I would go out of my way to be like, hey, let's do this combo. But sometimes it just comes up and it makes sense. Maybe it's just that's what the guy has. He's got, you know, 50 of these and 50 of these and we're like, okay, well, let's do this, you know. Yeah. What do you guys think of this? And I want to ask Nate this first, but I want to hear you know what you guys think. No, we haven't mentioned an adro. And here's the thing, I'm wondering what your guys' thoughts are on an adro, at any point, not just in a couple, let's just say like a prep, prep, yeah. Yeah. I'm just going to say I didn't use to like it and I do like it a lot more. But I wondered if you guys didn't, if you did, where do you see that in the prep phase? Honestly, I actually, I've used it with a couple people in the beginning because you saw that strength and your appetite's going down. So it's actually, I think, almost a better time to run, especially if they're coming off like a cruise phase, like into the prep. You know what I mean? And like, only like short bursts, maybe like three or four weeks and then pull it out. But to help, to help grow some new muscle during that beginning phase of prep, in my opinion, I think it's really beneficial. Okay. I just, the reason I asked is because I have put it in for myself the last three to four weeks when I'm really lean, I didn't end up getting on stage and it was twice. But I really liked it. It was, I knew it at that point it was more of an experiment. So I could see it if I didn't like it, then I didn't have to worry about getting on stage. But, for basically screwing it up and getting on stage. But I've done it more days. Not weeks. Oh, yeah. And that was a thing, you know, last day or two, you know, prior. I never really saw much out of that with the handful of clients that I tried out. I didn't really think. I found like maybe five days, depending on the person. But we've added it in as a test, you know, when they're super lean and you've got like, you know, four weeks ago or whatever, we've added it in as a test and, and I can't remember who said it to me, but they felt like they felt like at a certain point it almost got to be too much and to kind of know where that point was. And I've kind of looked at that as being my roadmap. And so I've run it maybe, you know, we see how they look on day four, day five, day six. And they say, okay, it doesn't look like it's getting any better than this from there. And then I figure like, okay, let's run it, say the show is Saturday. Maybe we end up figuring that like, okay, we started on Monday, you know, something like that. And then I did that for a few years and then this last year, maybe it was a year before, I started experimenting with super draw in place of it. So I'll, I'll kind of take the question further. I know Andrew, I want to get, we want to get your opinion on this, but I also want to ask you guys about super draw for the same thing. Let's talk about super draw first. I agree with you guys generally on the, on the A-bombs. I, I, I, I, I, I'm more of a, you know, 10 to 15 days per on the, on the, on the, on the end of draw honestly because I just, even if, okay, so if you're like 15 weeks out from your show, you're still in the middle of the year. You're still eating a fair amount of food. I find that most people like, by the get, they get to the like the 10th, 12th day of anadrol and their appetite starts to like really favor you. And they start saying, man, hey, I missed my last meal the last three days, but the scale keeps going up. So yeah, I want to point out that that's the wonderful thing about anadrol is that like, it's somehow you just magically continue to grow and get heavier out of thin air with while consuming less. But it does have that effect on your appetite where it just like mentally like I can't even eat another meal like it's just not happening. Yeah, with the super draw, though, you know, I go back and forth because I've seen, I can think of two cases of people that worked with where it worked really well. And I can think of a big case where someone where like we've tried it twice and it's the two worst looks he ever had. And like we're like trying to run through all these scenarios of like, you know, why, why, why didn't you look the way we wanted you to look or why? And yeah, obviously there's prep fatigue and there's all that stuff. But like, then we're like, wait a minute, we used super draw for both of those contests. And it's like, you know what, we're just putting that one on the shelf for you. At least in terms of pre-concredits application. I mean, Nate, what do you want to say about it? Yeah, that's actually me. So. But also like going off of like obviously person experience who double that, I think for me, it was the more like digestion, not being able to keep my stomach in control. And I find sometimes that can happen with antro as well. When you're like those final phases, like, because honestly, where I was at was like, man, I could pull my stomach in like so much better than all of a sudden. It was like not, it was like such a task. And it was like seemed very much harder than normal, you know what I mean? So in that, in both cases, you know what I mean? We did it twice and it's happened both times. And they were like three years apart, four years apart. So yeah, definitely for me, I think that's another thing a lot of guys tend to maybe miss four or not necessarily be aware of, but a lot of people run to digestion issues, deep into prep. And sometimes it can be the drugs and a lot of people looking at the food. But I got guys like, I had to pull it a wind straw because they were just having like constant like digestion issues and really couldn't even like get meals down and then like pulling it and then like things coming together. But I've also it sucks because I could see the visual difference. Yeah, I did that. You know what I mean? I was like, oh, damn, I really want to. You know, I said, I know what. So yeah, definitely I've run into some issues there myself. Yeah. And I could be that individual component too, where everybody does respond a little bit different, or differently to these, you know, these different compounds. So when we talk about these things, you know, as a listener, we're kind of answering them for the majority of people versus making these very black and white blanket statements. Yeah. Yeah. I've read that I believe it's Mike Arnold prefers super draw for women over the last, like as they're mean, oral in the last couple of weeks before contest. Really. And we're talking, you know, your upper muscular classes like your women's physique, bodybuilding and even some figure. Yeah. You know, we're talking like 10 milligrams a day. I think two, two, five milligrams, two, five milligrams doses per day, that kind of thing. Just, you know, something of note. Yeah. I haven't heard about that. Nothing I ever experimented with. I think you is interesting Nate, you mentioned, and a draw earlier on. I haven't really done many orals earlier on. I, I, I had stayed away from things earlier. It's funny the way our coaching works in it. And I'm sure you guys can all attest to this, but over the years, your perspectives change, like early on, I would definitely want to get like a good strong antibiotic in at the beginning of the prep to make sure we can get a good chance. And Nate is much muscle as possible. And then for a long time, I was just like, well, we really only need tests. We're, you know, we're just trying to get you lean at this point. And now I'm starting to shift back to that. Like, let's get some NPP in there out the gate, you know, for that first six weeks, something like that. Well, say my justification on that is because most guys that I haven't off season, I don't really use orals anymore. So I'm like, yeah, I don't use that. I haven't used any orals in the off season. So sort of gives me a wiggle room to use that in the beginning of prep. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So where do you guys, like, I would say honestly nine times out of ten, it seems like that everyone runs into those appetite issues. You know what I mean? So there is like, I was saying, like, maybe even not like, we'll say 14, 13 weeks out because they're appetite, they're getting hungry again. So it's like, you don't see that affect, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Where do you guys put the toxicity? Like, if you were to compare Superdrawal to Anadrawal, I kind of, as bad as Anadrawal is, I still think Superdrawal is like, it's like, Pac-Man eating dots like liver cells. That's the way my brain processes it. You know the feeling of the heartburn slash, just, I don't know, a better word other than just pressure kind of up through the whole digestive system. I feel like Superdrawal exhibits that more than any other compound personally. I could last long on it for that reason. I never really got a good run on it. I tried multiple times and that happened every time. I ended up giving it away to somebody else. One and only time I bought it. Yeah. But in the off season, if I've used it in the off season, I end up tapping out like you were saying, Scott, like, I'll make it like two weeks and I'll be like, and up this, like, and also I get very, very large. Yeah, me too. Yeah, both like do nothing. So yeah, this is mental. Is that's the worst feeling too because you're like, I know why should be doing something. I know I should be like, at least go for a walk because I'll feel better if I go to a walk. But you don't even have the mental energy to go for a walk or to, you know, you're like, what if you had to build something else like, you know, I'll do that when I'm done all this stuff after this prep or after this off season. It does make you both physically and mentally with our chicken that sense. It was Jordan Peters when he was on muscle mines years back now, like 2016, 17 era. It's when he got me start to start thinking differently because you know, he'll use orals like a power lift or mic, you know, more relationship to strength. And that's where I started seeing, hey, maybe, maybe anodural could be a benefit for me or people I work with and same with super draw in those instances where we're at your all-time strongest and let's take just a little, or let's just run it on your like push polo legs. Let's use it on just your your leg day or just your whole day, something like that. And I do think there is a pre-workout benefit to it, even if you're only using it, you know, once a week or twice a week and we can avoid some of those, the issues that we're talking about to that way, you know. Hey, what's off, guys? I have a lot of people who reach out to Maddorek, other basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein. And there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day, but we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers. The nutrition has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate. If you don't tolerate lactose, then you can use their beef isolate or you can use their pea protein isolate if you don't eat animal products. They literally have everything to think of. I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us. And they never went out of their way to say like, hey, we want to promote our stuff through you. I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in and at the end of the day, I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible. So if you use our code, thank you to Trinutrition, you'll get some savings, you'll help to support our programming and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster. My past experience, yes, which was awesome was some test go after 100mg of anodrol and 20mg of halo about 2.5 and 2.5 hours before with the TNE and then two hours before with the Orals and you'll put up some pretty awesome numbers for yourself. I loved TNE personally, but I don't think everybody's had the same experience. I remember there was this source that was on ProMosal and the vials came in these 60 milliliter vials and you had to basically take it out of the bottle it was in and put it into other vials. So I'd always filter it and everything and I went in on an order with a good friend of mine and we got a 60 milliliter vial of TNE. He took half of it, I took the other half. So that and I say that because it's not like it was two different vials from two different batches possibly. We had what came from the same bottle. I absolutely loved it. Had the greatest workouts. He said he didn't notice anything from it. I've heard that was from some recent with TNE. Some people. Can't fool people that have been like it, nothing. I feel like that was sort of like a pop of their thing like maybe five or ten years ago was the what test suspension and like the test no ester and I don't really see that anymore. People using that, what do you guys agree? Yeah, I don't. I don't even know that. I think you like the injectables. We're talking about like injectable worlds in general, like in that category and I apologize. It is like absolutely pouring right now. Oh, that was. Yeah, yeah. Is it better if I turn the mic off in between? It's not. It stopped. I don't hear it. Yeah, I don't hear it either. Oh, I gently hear it in the background, but that's all right. People can use it as ambience. It's all like in here honestly, but it's supposed to be raining your house too, right? Yeah. Yeah. Bailey, my thunderboat is running over me. My wife is right now. What I was going to say though was like the, I think what you're saying is like that whole group of like TNA test suspension injectable devol. What else? Injectable and withdrawal. Like all these different compounds. They were kind of like a big hit maybe five, six years ago and now guys are kind of falling off and maybe just doing more standard injectables. I love them. Some tells me Scott was about this one. What do you love? What do you want all about pigs blood Scott? Pigs blood. What are you talking about? You know what's that one of the ones that was like a mix of like no suspension a bunch of like different stuff and like one thing like that powerletters were using. No. Like, like, trend, no reverse. Then and then like test suspension mixed together. So I'm making. Yeah, I never used a trend no Esther, but a test no Esther. I had a test no Esther debol combo and I liked that. And I may have had a bottle that lasted up until very recently. So I'd been off everything, you know, like literally I have no reason to really cycle. But then but I love debol. Debol to me was like, it made me feel good in the gym makes me, you know, a good mood too. In fact, the wife even commented on that. She was like, you know, like you can see the positive benefits of this stuff, you know. And anyway, and I did feel good and got more consistent and everything was running smoothly there. And I found that just a low dose, just a low dose, TNT nothing else. And I'm talking like 15 to 20, maybe 25 milligrams of debol specifically is my jam. But yeah, any of that stuff, it's different too. It's different than the oral version because you don't get those same stomach issues. I don't get the same bloat from it. And like, I didn't get the same digestive bloat, you know. But the the antidrawling ever tried the injectable and drill version. So I can't comment on that one. I do got a question for you, stop. I'm the injectable debol. Do you have to inject every day? Yeah. Yeah. And back when I used to use it during like actual, you know, real body building, I would layer that in on training days and then on non-training. Actually, there was a point that I would time it up so I would take oral in the morning and then injectable pre-workout in the afternoon. And then on non-training days, I just took oral in the oral. So yeah. I tried it. I am, excuse me, sub Q. Because I when I did, there's just so many shots, plus your, you know, on a gramat, test plus and, you know, close to that much EQ and then a little bit of NPP in there. And then the, the injectable debol on top of that, I tried to do it sub Q, but it was just left too many, you know, warm lumps. Yeah. Offseason stuff. What do you guys think of orals for offseason? Where would you place them? I definitely agree more with Nathan, the sense that like, they should be used a little more sparingly because, you know, you're already eating so much. And like the last thing you want to do in the offseason is like bring digestion and eating to a halt, right? Because like, once you do that, it's hard to get it going again. Like the best thing to be is 20 weeks in your offseason and still like fairly hungry. So you almost want to try to avoid doing anything that would. But I do, I think you brought this up. It's got like doing more of like a body part, specific split in terms of, okay, you know, my, my chest and shoulders are super weak. It's my push day. Maybe, you know, adding in just one day of 100 milligrams a week in that sense. I think, I think that's probably the best way to do it in the offseason. Unless like you're just kickstarting in an offseason and your food is very low to start off with and you know, you want to run like a 10 15 day run of it before pulling it out. That's my day. Yeah. How about you guys? I'm not big. I'm just not big at all. Not at all. I don't want to say it all because I don't want to be that black and white, but it's incredibly uncommon. Now, I'm speaking for myself when it comes to clients, they're can and I am open to, because you just have some clients who just do want to run them. And you know, depending on your philosophy with, you know, as a trainer, I, this is just me. I'm not saying right or wrong. I tend to concede to the client, because ultimately I want the client happy in the end as an example. If, you know, I'm not on board with something that they want to do and I don't feel like it's egregious and it's putting their, you know, health and in jeopardy and I'm putting myself on the line. I'm going to have a back and forth with them. A discussion. I'm going to give my opinions, but ultimately in the end, I always tell them that if you want to run this, you know, if you want to do this or if you want to run these compounds, I'll support that. If it goes to Oros in the off season, I am pretty black and white with a four week on four week off. And I've talked about this before because I've seen the blood work over a lot of time and a lot of people. And to me, it's the best combination of getting the benefit from the Oros, but not nailing your, you know, liver values or your HDL. So much so that if I, you know, push to, you know, I'd seen six weeks, six weeks on, six weeks off or six weeks on, four weeks off, things like that. And even at that six week mark, those numbers would start to hit, but at the four week mark, there just has never been, there's the odd exception. You know, there's always an, you know, an outlier tube. But the vast majority of people don't get hit very hard with a four week run and then four weeks off. So that's just kind of what I had settled settled into after seeing that. So frequently for so long. Yeah. Well, actually, Scott, I actually is funny because actually this, I'm not a big oral guy, like I said in the off season, but there was a couple of people I actually used to be involved with this off season because I think it doesn't quite hit the appetite quite as hard and like you were saying, I do, I do feel like there's not much, not as much with the energy, whether it's, so I do find it's a little bit more of an easier to balance per se, like maybe not as much bang for your buck, but you can sort of get away with it, a little bit, you're with some people. So I did use a couple of, a couple of people this off season and usually those are the people that can like eat without any issues, you know what I mean? So my big leaders that are like, you know, they're unfazed, like, you know what I mean? You could get a couple of those guys in your roster, they're like, okay, I know this guy can sort of handle it. So try it out. I think deep-wise, we're like way out of popularity now. I think it's probably like one of the, I do know, popular compounds 100%. I would say back in like the early 2000s, skip, it would have been like the, the thing am I right? Like that. Yeah, you go back even further back into the 90s and the late age. I mean, everybody were choosing those little blue battles and of deep-wise. It's almost like if you weren't using deep-wise, you just like, what do you do? Yeah. I feel like even more. There's more of an accessibility issue. Like I could ask, I mean, I could get a bunch of pink tie, deep-alls, but then like, you know, I don't even think in 2003 or whatever 2002 when I got trouble, I even knew what anodrol was or, I mean, I knew what windstraw was, but I just couldn't get my hands on it from anywhere. I knew what anodrol was, but I'd never seen it on any, any priceless of anything, you know, in terms of being able to procure it for myself. It was really like, deep-all, more deep-all and a lot more deep-all. What about that guy? What's that? What about DACA? In the deck of the bulls, yeah, in the deck of the bulls, yeah. I mean, like, do you remember the two, two, what were they, two mill? Yep. I was where you had to get like a case of them. I can't remember who, what organan? Organan. Yeah. Well, that's organan, I'll be damned. You guys remember the, I think they called them satchets. They were, to get past, like, imports. They were putting them in these, like, these sheets that were like, trying to think of a way to put it. There's a catch of packages basically. Like, you know what I was? Yeah. Exactly. They were just like catch up packets and they would overfill them one and a half a mills to make sure that you were getting right amount or you spilled some when you're drawn it out. Kind of on sanitary to organan. Yeah. But like, you're thinking about that. I'm trying to get there closet and it looked like panscom. It's okay. Exactly. Well, I consider in the, you know, you couldn't get, uh, tremble on anywhere. So you, we all had to make it, right? It was all, we were all doing chemistry and, and we were doing the conversion kits. Remember the, and he was like, bascular kits and the, um, uh, what are some, there's a couple of guys that I remember. I still have their website. He was the big, they're not in the wrong spot. Bascular was like the big one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, past. Yeah. Yeah. Saw the couple people mentioned that. It was like two weeks ago, right? Yeah. And I thought, well, a couple of weeks, two, three weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right. Anyway, I guess that probably covers things. Anything else we should cover with this topic? We definitely hit contest prep. I think we covered some good thoughts on off season and how we've done it in the past, how we do it now. I think everybody used to front load, you know what I mean? That was the thing back in the early 2000s you started with the test and the debaul, and then you know, whatever, cut it off after six weeks and then ran it in another six weeks and needed your PCT, like a good bodybuilder did. Two things. Um, someone here asked about table. I'm going to go on and say that the team all was probably the most overrated, um, oral that ever hit the market in my opinion. What do you guys say? I would say I have never used it once. Here's why back in the day, when everybody was talking about it, they said, oh, it's a drier version of debaul. You won't gain as much muscle from it, but it works good. And when I heard you don't gain as much muscle for, I just stopped listening. Yeah. I didn't care anymore. What happened to skip? I don't know. It's probably storming on his side too, so maybe lost power or something. Which I heard he was playing with something. He's always fed a one with that thing. I just wanted to add for the listeners that the take on message for orals and offseason is like, your appetite should be the number one thing. So just make sure that's not disrupted. If you get a disruptor, and it's sort of like pointless, you know what I mean? So yeah. Well, that brings up the other topic I wanted to see if you guys had any thoughts on, are there any, is there anything you should be doing different supplement wise when running oral compounds? Well, I know, guys have used Oxpile in the past to help with stomach acidity. You know what I mean? Because I think that's, I can't remember the science. You'll obviously, you know, but as far as like what happens in the stomach for morals? There's more, the Oxpile War for the gallbladder, but yeah, that's definitely a supplement that guys could be adding in. I mean, other liver supplements in general, you know? I'm a big fan of live 52DS, and you know, it's one of the only supplements that actually has clinical research behind it in studies for lower in like your ASCALT and your, um, which I'm not call it, uh, Bill of Ruben. But, um, other things, do you guys do anything in terms of like any special drinks or, um, yeah, anything in terms of supplementation changes? Drinks? Like I'm just saying like you do do anything different supplement wise in terms of like like health supplements to address the oncoming potential digestive issues when putting all right digestive. Okay, I miss that. Yeah, I had a little audio problem. I thought we all did. I very clearly figured out it was only me. I think one thing I'll say is that it's not a bad idea. That's one place where I would definitely consider getting labs before we are going to enter into any type of morals. I'm definitely going to consider doing labs before that. Even in that's one place when we've talked about Andrew, you said like you'd like to see where you're at and the thick of it. I don't really care to see like right as I'm coming into the show, you know, but, but before I say added in some halo, I definitely want to know like, okay, is this a, and the, as funny, I was just talking to somebody about this the other day. I was lucky enough that my doctor at the time when I was competing was a former competitor herself. So she talked to me off the record and she'd asked me what my game plan was and she'd say, oh yeah, okay, we'll come in, you know, three weeks out then before you plan to start that halo and let's do some more lab work and see where you're at. I just think that's a smart move and then here's one thought and I'm not, I'm not going to discredit supplements, but going in with a plan, remembering that dose in duration are going to be the two real big factors with orals, making sure that your as healthy as possible going into it. That, that my only fear was supplements is sometimes I think and I, it's not that I don't use them or suggest them. I think sometimes like back in the day, we used to think like, well, if you're taking milk this, all your liver's going to be totally fine, you know what I mean? And we, I think we have a lot better health supplementation today like glutathione even NAC, we didn't talk about NAC in 2005, at least not many people were, but it's still, it's not like an insurance policy that's going to make sure that nothing happens wrong. You know what I mean? Yep, it's a good point. Let me ask you something though, if you're getting your labs done through weeks out before you're going to add like the final stages of compounds, are you going to change anything when you get those results back? Well, because like, you know what it says HDL is like, too. Yeah. I mean, then anything. Well, if my liver was like already real taxed, and my doctor, and she never did, if she were to say like, hey, you're already under a lot of stress right now, because I did see increased stress just from like the fast acting injectables that that was more stressful on my liver to self. But it, there was never a point that I didn't, there's that. But yeah, I honestly would have, if she told me like, hey, this is a big risk that I wouldn't do it, you know. And I hate to bathe me the guy that'll say it, and I always get backlash from this, but so I'm just going to preface this with, I just don't give a shit with anybody's status. And when I say that, I'm not talking about as much you guys are talking about anybody listening. We all have those lines. We have those things. I won't take super draw. I will not take halo. And I take a lot of shit. I am not. I have no aversion to performance enhancing compounds. No, those two, I don't want to take. But I'm not doing my blood work. Not during an oral or before an oral run, especially if it's a few weeks for a show. You know what? I don't want to know. I'm not saying I want to die. I've said this a many times. My health is important to me. But it's going to take a hit. I'm not going to be in a good spot. And I don't want to know if my age deal, because I anticipate that it's going to be pretty freaking low. And it's going to be low until after the show. And then it's going to recover. So I would do that blood work prior to the prep. I might do it slightly into the prep. But I'm not going to do it as it gets into those last six or eight weeks. And then I'm going to do it. I might do it the day after the show. A couple days after the show. Yeah. But do you have a better way to fix it? Not fix it. But I know the worst case scenario. And I know what I need to come out of. And the truth is sometimes. I mean, I went to the hospital that time for a torn, blooted five weeks out and told them matter. And then I said, I don't want to know if it was numbers on. He told me at the end because I know you didn't want to know because I was shocked that you're blood. That your blood markers weren't horrible. And I'm like, oh, no kid, okay. And then he told me they knew me from your channel and stuff like that. So we had this ad. I didn't recognize him. But the point is, I did not want to know. He only told me because he knew that I thought that it was going to be egregious. Yeah. You're like, I can take more now. Okay. Yeah. It's actually a moment. And I talk about this all the time, guys. There's so many different layers to genetics. And one of the genetic layers is your ability to process the drugs and the loss of negative side effects. Some people just have that extra level of detoxification, I guess if you want to call it. I've got three hundred pounds and he's muscular. He's getting ready for a show in 26 weeks. And he is on more drugs than I'd taken in my life at one time right now. And he got his labs done recently. And I was shocked to see that there wasn't red all over the place. You know what I mean? So it just goes to show you that, you know. And this isn't like a advice to okay up your dose or to throw caution to the wind. It's just saying that there is a genetic component to all this stuff. Heck, there's things we can't talk about publicly, but we all know we've talked to people who have seen the lab work of good pros. And we know some of the pros that, I mean, some of the guys who are even talking about like being really health conscious and stuff that their lab work takes some serious serious hits when they're in that in that place. You know, even people that have a lot of muscle, I'm saying, even people that look really good, they can still be a lot of stress on them. That's a good question. Yeah. There may be a Mr. Olympian there who won several Olympias and didn't take much and have seen that blood work. And then you just go, wow, you have been at that level. Yeah. Walk away from the sport, not going. Well, by just shaved, did I shave 10 years off of my life? Did I shave 15 years off? Get to walk away, probably in better health than 90% of us when we put down the smange on the weights. It's like holy shit. I didn't mean to derail us though about health supplements, Andrew. Yeah. I kind of did. I didn't mean to, but I was just saying, you know, well, I said, I think I was going to add the good of the iron. I was going to add supplements of that nature. But honestly, I like to use that kind of stuff around. So yeah. And I do advice, coins, so you stuff like that you're around. I think people are really turned on to things like Lutathione now. I think that they're even like, like I said, any see these are like, all that stuff, these are things that people didn't talk about in the past, you know, 15 years ago. I'd love to get into NAD+. If I could, like the actual IV injectable NAD+. I'd love to get into that. But it's really, really expensive. What do you guys see is, I mean, I kind of put the glutathione injections at, if not at the top of the list, pretty damn close to the top of the list, as far as if you have a situation and you want to just see, it's almost like if that isn't going to do something, I don't know. You're, I don't know what else to tell you. You need to get out of the sport or you need to just accept your fate one in the other. Where do you guys stay with Tudka? Yeah, definitely up there. I've actually been for when we're talking about running the orals. I mean, I've noticed that it helps a little bit of the appetite, running the Tudka with it. That's where I was kind of getting out. Like, are there things we can use solvent wise not only do you protect our health, but to keep that appetite, keep that digestion going better because I find that it's very rare unless you're using mountains of trend in the offseason and eating a lot of food that you're having digestive issues from testosterone or digestive issues from testosterone and EQ or, you know, even decay usually. So I do think you had a question about that Scott about. Is someone posted about decacosing? Something to throw up? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like you did suck. Wait. That sounds good to me. It was actually a guy who mastered me and I wanted to get your opinions. At the end of the day, listen, you know, I've had at this point a lot of experience seeing not only myself change with bodybuilding, but then others, you know, as a coach, you get to see a lot of people and then coming to this forum here with you guys, let's, you know, quadruple that plus we've got skip. So even more, you know, um, so I want to ask you guys if you've heard anything about this because it was something that kind of puzzled me. He said he was using a five test, five decka and 200, uh, a mast per week and he has five weeks in and he said I'm getting some weird side effects. Oh, what kind of side effects are you getting? And I'm expecting like, you know, ED stuff like that. He says no, he says after I administer these compounds for the next two days, I feel really sick and I've even thrown up at the gym. I think it could be a, uh, Brent the oil. It the, that's why I wanted to go, Nate. Thank you very much. Yeah, I was on the same, I was thinking the same thing. I was hoping that's what you'd say. I could see that before the compound, right? I mean, especially if it's so instantaneous. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 40, or whatever. Sure. Yeah. The other thing is too possibly, is he not injected before and it's, I don't know, anxiety or something like that. But I'd go with the carrier before I would go. That's what I would go to first. That's what I told him to. All right, that's what I said is the either carrier solvents. We don't know what kind of solvents he's using. Yeah. Um, and uh, I, and I told him to, I was like, hey, if you think it, he said, I've never taken Ducca. Is it that he's using that much more oil now? Even if it's the same brand he's always used. Now he's using instead of one point, you know, five milliliters or whatever. Now he's using three or two and a half. So I, my suggestion or thought was I'd try just pulling the Ducca first and see if it all clears up. And if it, if it does, then, you know, maybe you're good, but maybe get another brand too. We would, why, why would you say that using more oil in general? If, if there was some sort of cost-ex solvent in this oil, okay, okay, so somebody can tolerate like one and a half CCs with that amount of solvent. But three, yeah, I got you. Okay. But I said if it is the Ducca for some reason, because I don't know, you know, there, I've never heard of it before, but if it was the Ducca, pull the Ducca out, take it for your Duc shot and see if you still get it. And if you did, then, you know, there's that. But I also kind of thought too that, you know, I mentioned this to him is that if, like, don't, if you pull the Ducca out and it goes away, don't try to take less. You know what I mean? Because I've had this, you guys ever have people that are like, well, if I eat too much lactose, I end up getting diarrhea. So I try to, I still like to keep, you know, they still keep it in, but they're trying to use less of it. My thought is, is that if it's causing an issue and you get enough of it, it causes a real big issue. Like, it could still be causing issues that we're not seeing, just because you're not having diarrhea, doesn't mean it's not still an eartit. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, definitely. Definitely. I don't know. I guess that was an easy one. We had some other stuff here, though. Let me see what we had here. Jason, Jason from Patreon, said thoughts on alternative cardio, such as farmers, walks or weighted vest as opposed to using a stationary bike or treadmill. Thanks. I'm not doing that. I like that. I'm actually thinking, why do people not use sex for cardio? Number one. Number one, you can use it as an excuse with your spouse or your partner. Be like, you know, my trailer told me. Yeah. And I told people that I'm close to because I don't want to be creepy. You don't have a good par with, but listen, I don't give it what you do for cardio. Just keep your heart rate elevated for a sustained period of time. I don't have a hard time with that word. So same period of time, and that's your cardio. I don't care what you do. If you would have a 30 minute cardio session, you better be working. Because you got to work the entire time pretty consistently for 30 minutes. The point is, if you guys want to have a lot of people want alternative. Okay, cool. Farmers want to shit like that. I don't know about you guys. Do you guys classify that more as like a? Yes, I know what you're going to say. Okay, I do too. I can classify it as hit. And it's weight training. I, you're burning more calories. Okay, because you're sustaining it. But it's like circuit training and stuff like that. You're, I try to separate the training and the stimulus for growth and recovery. Over here on the left, I try to keep them separate from the cardio. I don't want the two overlapping. I don't want one getting in the way of the other. I'm not a huge fan of, and I did this. I'm stepping at a high intensity either. I don't know how that doesn't get in the way of like training. I've done real steps. 26 floors here. I did this last year. Round the real real quick. This is a great point. 26 stories. Start the bottom. And what I did, they're very, very short steps, which helps because they get more steps. And it's not like these double stepping type. But in this short later, my knee problem. I would plant my foot, hold foot, drive from my heel, and just slowly, just methodically, just do steps for 26 floors. Get any elevator. And by the time I got to the top of the thigh, I was going to freaking die. Yeah, the cacacardia and my heart was going to blow up. Get on the elevator, go down, and then do it again, and I would do it five or six times. It probably, I could go to that, obviously. But I would do that only one day of the week for cardio. I justified that because I'm like, you know, this would be like kind of, you know, it's hit, but yeah, I get a little bit of work. I get to help my knee a little bit because I, you know, how you fade after an injury, your favorite one side. So it was given me that focus of making sure that my mechanics and my gate was the same, you know, the entire time, repetitiously great, right? Until I get, and you guys are going to laugh at this. But I get about seven or eight weeks in and I notice that my, my, my leg training poundage is a really falling off about two years later, two or three years later, I'm squatting 185 in the Smith machine. I get to seven, and I can't come out of the, my glutes felt like they were going to rip. So what I had done is it wasn't even overtraining my legs or a specifically it was in my glutes up. So then I had to pull back and I had to rest. I had pretty much just buried myself now. I understand that that can be individual. I understand I can be different and I don't have great recovery compared to the last majority of people. Anyway, but how do these, how do you recover from that, especially when you're in deficit, when your cardio is that intense and how do you keep it from getting in the way? So that comes back to the farmers' walks and things like that. Those, those are, that's pretty strangeness even hit with pushing a sled or something like that. I'm not saying it's bad. You're going to burn more calories. But I don't like the, the high intensity component of it, and I like to separate the two weight training and the cardio. I, I want to keep them separate. And I got worked up. I got excited to sit back and everything. I can't get this degree of gym. Yeah. What do you think, Nate overall? Do you ever do anything like that for your cardio? Well, I think, you know, steady state is tried and true for reason is because we're trying to preserve as much muscle as possible. We're trying to use as much glycogen as possible for our training. So stuff like that is going to interfere with, you know, our training like Skip does said. And obviously our nutrition in my opinion, um, it's for me, I want to get away with the type of cardio where I expend the least amount of energy because I want to save that energy for training and recovery. So let's sort of my whole like take on it. Um, and also a lot of guys what happens is two, these are the type of people that they push themselves in the cardio and has the weakest get closer. They want to do more or they want to do higher intensity. And like Skip just said that creates a whole recovery whole that you then can't get out of or you need to like rest and recover and lose time in a preparation. Um, so I mean, obviously for a lifestyle client, obviously, you know, that can go to it obviously wiggle room, but I'm just going off of competing and sort of trying to get the best results as a coach. Um, so I think that's going to interfere with getting your best results as far as getting on a body bone stage. Yeah. Can I get, can I give Matt props, posturimously? Matt Porter. Um, he started to get into, I don't know that he was the first one, but he was one of the ones that was more vocal about me and and and just like working at your desk standing up even though and at the time I admit, I'm like, bro, you're standing up. It's just not that big of a deal. We're talking about like a percent of a percent of a percent. But over time, I find it funny and a little ironic. That that's where we have started to go and I know I have two because I've replaced a lot of my cardio with what I consider to be neat. Yes, I'm doing all the neat in one specific time frame. But my point is this, I think that doing lower intensity, moving, more moving throughout the day is better than cramming that cardio in and I understand it's a practicality issue too. I understand that too. I also understand that some people recover very, very well and they can do, you know, an hour work up to an hour, two hours of cardio consistently and it doesn't hit them all that hard. That's great. I think the vast majority of people that's not the case. So I'm happy to see that the trend is not replacing cardio with neat, but that it's getting a lot more attention because I've seen it myself and I don't have a gifted metabolism. So if I've seen it and I have mediocre recovery and mediocre genetics, I would consider or I would assume that the vast majority of people would benefit from that too and I've seen it with my clients. So I would rather my clients if time allows and it's practical for them to do longer walks, brisk walks than I would to cram in a 30 minute cardio session at 130. Yeah, as a 130 heart rate or something like that. And you guys know the leaner you get and the more efficient your system becomes, that 130 when you start versus when you're getting leaner and your oxygen uptake is so much better. You're killing 130 to try to maintain that. So I had to pull back on that and bring that heart rate, tired of the target heart rate down and of course it's different for you know, it can be different for different people. But the point is, I like the trend how long has it been? Four or five years. I'm thinking it's about the last four or five years where we're attending to go with a little bit longer duration, spending more time moving and you say, well, for walk after a meal, things like that, I think are very beneficial. They're underrated. Listen, I'm with you that it is fantastic. And five years ago, I was doing videos saying, like, hey, look at I'm walking my dog. You don't have to do your cardio in the gym. Like you can take your dog for a walk in a super beneficial for your dog, too. I'm beyond that now. Now I'm over it because I think it's gone too far. I think that people are thinking that their knee cardio is going to completely replace any need for an actual cardio. I can tell you out of my own personal experience. I did it for everyone in my contest, perhaps I would start by walking outside, walking my dog. But there would come a point where I actually needed to get my heart rate up. I needed to get that real alcoholic real cardio in. And I could tell you, I could see a world of difference between the two when I actually made that shift. I like the knee, I like the knee cardio. Don't get me wrong. I think it has its place. I don't know how to measure it. I don't know how to measure it to say what's equivalent to what you're going to get from that 30 minute cardio session. You know what I mean? How do I equate that? Well, you just still have a heart rate. Most people still have a heart rate tracker. So as an example, I started off when I started my knee a few years ago and I'm like, oh, just do it for a specific time period. But then I noticed, okay, I do want to keep my heart rate right around say 100, 105, something like that because it's not, then maybe I'm not doing it too hard. There is a little bit of a black and white measure, but you just said yourself, even though and I agree with you, there are everyone's going to be different. It is individually. But you were still able to not start regular cardio right away. And that kept you arguably recovering better while you didn't need it. And you put it in when you needed it. So I'm not saying that, you know, everybody can just do need. They're going to get shredded. That's not what I don't want to do. And I know you're not, but I'm afraid that's what chiral have changed. And I'm glad to. Yeah, I'm glad to be there. I'm glad to be there. That's not at all what I mean. But I am saying, milk it and do those longer sessions and less intensity until or, well, basically, until or if you need to switch those gears, I got a certainly lean in 2020 before my injury. And I was roughly five. It was like five to six weeks out. I don't know that I would ahead to end. And now I was doing walks of like an hour. Well, it was an hour in the morning and an hour at night. So I mean, it is two hours. So from a time perspective, it was the same amount of time. But it was nowhere near the intensity. Again, we're talking like 105 heart rate. And yeah, glad and glad, you're, you might just sit in the casting. How many, you know, 75 or 70. So there's that. Yeah. I was going to say something else about that. I've got Stevenson. I'll tell you, he would work on his last prep. He was like working on an RV in his garage. That was his neat cardio. He'd put in a few hours into that. I did have one other thought on that. But then it's, it's slipped to my mind. So I'll let you guys say something. Here's the other thought. And maybe you were going with, I think, I think this was on the all right. It's just sitting around that way. It's waiting to be expressed. Let's all think back to our lives 15 years ago. Oh, all of us. Maybe not. But maybe maybe skip going back 25 years or 30 years. Well, no, no, no, I only say this because I know you've been coaching along us, meaning you've been sitting at a desk. There's where to go. And yes, that's where I was going with. You read my advice at some point in our lives had much more active jobs. We didn't think of it as neat. We didn't think of it as movement. It was just their jobs. You, you, you were working on the pop route, right? Scott, I had so much neat from that. I could eat that on a food and still couldn't get fat. I was personal training 10 to 15 hours a day on my feet the whole time. Nate, you were running restaurants, you know, skip. I forget what you said you did before. I was working with kids in residential and juvenile detention. So I had a lot of physical restraining and chasing kids. So even just being there's no way you're sitting on your asshole day. You were on your feet because you're like, well, one of these kids might pop off at any minute and I had to be ready to go. So you were alert and you were physically like ready, right? Whereas now we sit at a desk. What we sit on the couch and like just click away all day. So we actually have to think about putting our neat together. We make these step goals for ourselves or whatever you want to call it. These amount of times, you know, that we're going for five walks for five minutes a day. That kind of stuff. So I think it's just more of a conscious effort to get the neat that we used to get that was built into our lives in a different different point time. That ties into what I was thinking Andrew was that it depends on the individual. If a guy wants to work with me and he needs to lose fat so he's going to do a contest and he's say a postal worker. You know, he's like, I'm delivering mail walking the neighborhoods for him adding more neat doesn't make sense. Then we're probably going to go to some sort of more intense cardio out the gate. But yeah, for me, if I hired myself, I'd be like, dude, you're lazy. You literally sit at a desk all day long. You know, be ashamed to see if you saw my steps on me. Think about it. Do you ever look at your steps when like you've had a completely sedentary day that you didn't do cardio or you didn't do any program walking. It's like 2100 steps 11. Yeah, right? I went nowhere. 11. I like that. That's right. Hey, then that's the point of why I know I do you guys tried to say the thing, but it's important when you onboard with a client that you find out what they're doing. What is your active? What is your job? I'm working there. Work 12 hours a day. You're a chance to come in your feet and your stress. No, are you doing what's skip and donate and start do and we're just sitting, you know, and the worst thing we have is I think. I think my wrist hurt like maybe I'm going to write, you know, I mean, we're not going to pull anything. You know, we're not going to have, we might have lower back issues. Right. Let's put your, and if you send it a desk, all day, I'll give you a little piece of advice. Get it? Get what is essentially an Ottoman to put your feet up high and so that at least your hamstrings are stretched to vast majority of types. If you think you're not going to battle with some at least lower back tightness, I can't it. Like stability issues, you are dead wrong. Give a time. Eventually it's going to be, it's going to get up there. So do you have an Ottoman under there right now? Some sort of foot rest? I have a white trash Ottoman. It's actually an up-scribed-down laundry basket. And that white hates it. But the Ottoman is too low. This is a top of my school. So I turned it over and I put a pillow on top of it. And I 90% of time I have my feet out in front of me and so that they're up and my hamstrings are in a more stretched position because when they're under you for a long period of time daily, yes, and years asking for trouble. Reminder by Ottoman later. By white trash. All right. Let's see. Do we have time for one more? We've got a topic here. It's actually written on a piece of paper. I thought that we all thought this would be a fun one. We'll make this kind of our big closing topic. Can anyone be a pro? And further, can you tell if somebody is cut out to be pro just by looking at them? No one just. That covers it. I'm not trying to sound like Mr. Noodah. But look, I've been doing what I've been doing for a long time. And I approach bodybuilding so methodically to the point of almost OCD for a very long time. If it was, if it was all about what I knew and time, I would have been a pro in the, it'll be 40 years in April that I've been training. It, I just, I think I would have, I would at least threaten. Let's put it that way. It's just not that easy. I know people want to keep their dreams alive. I always did too. When I was 15, it was a formality. I was going to get to the Olympia stage. It just, it was just a matter of how long it was going to take me. And I touched on that. We talked to, you know, to Nick. He, Nick Walker, you know, he said, he knew it was going to happen. I mean, Nick, I knew it was going to happen too, but it didn't happen. It didn't come close. Like, I just didn't get there. So that's a, that's a big now. And what was the other one? Can you tell if somebody's going to be pro just by looking at him? Like, say, that's a how I'm going to wait on that for you guys, because that one's a big, that's a rabbit hole. And I'm just going to, I'll say, that you can't tell. You can see structural and genetic gifts, but a lot of being a pro is under the surface too. Not just psychologically, but digest. Yeah, I was going to say this. Or among things like that. So I'll, I'll leave that because I don't want to talk for like, you know, 10 minutes. Is the question, do you know if they could be a pro? Or do you know that they're going to be a pro? If, if somebody could, it will be like if somebody's cut out for it. Say, I, I think what we're getting at here is new guy comes to you. He's only been trained for a short period of time. He watches the blood sweat and gear podcast. He's like, I'm going to hire Andrew, because I want to fast-track this. Andrew could I be pro. He's 19 years old. He's been lifted for six months. Yeah, I mean, like, well, Skips started to touch on it. Like, you can obviously see the structure. You can see very early on with working together. Like, how does their body respond, right? Like, you make a change. Oh, shoot. He's putting on two muscles this week and he doesn't look like he's a crew in any fat. And then, you know, 20 weeks into a pret or an off season together. He's up 15, 16 quality pounds of muscle without having put on any fat. You're like, okay, this guy's got the structure. He's got the ability to put on muscle. We're staying healthy. So, check all those boxes. But I think Scott, you started to lude to the mental aspect of it. How does he react when things get hard? Like, what during the prep or during when we hit our first, you know, snag in the fat loss phase. Or when you ask him, hey, man, like, we need to push these last four weeks. I need you to do, you know, 45 minutes cardio in the morning, 45 minutes in night. Is his response will, oh, man, I don't have time or it's kind of making me tired or it's making my legs kind of sore. Like, does he come up with a lot of excuses? Because those excuses are going to hold him back. Because as a good coach, you wouldn't ask someone to do stuff like that unless you knew it was going to make them look better, right? In terms of getting them to where they need to be on the on the day of the show. So, yeah, I think, you know, structure, other body response to programming, how their body response, the drugs obviously is a big thing. But then, like, that last facet is the mental aspect. Like, do they have it? Because we've seen a lot of guys, you know, I can think of two or three over the years where like, oh, man, that guy's going to be nasty when he gets to a pro stage. But he barely makes it to nationals because he keeps pulling out of preps. You know, there's a guy who three times he was doing national shows. And I remember me, and Nate would talk like, all this guy's going to win you overall. Like, it's already a foregone conclusion. If he comes in and he's in 90% shape compared to the other guys, his structure and his muscle belly, he's going to win the show. But he did the thing is this guy three times never made it to the actual show. That's such a show. If we look at Nate and Nate, Nate's darkest days, I'm sure nobody would be like, oh, yeah, this guy's going to turn pro and bodybuilding one day. You know, I mean, it was not where you were at. I don't think you can really tell just by looking at somebody. What do you think? Nate, when you were younger, you know, let's let's even say, let's go back to teenager years. Were you one of those guys that had that look like, did you have like the cap delts, like the 16 year old kid in the locker room that's got the abs and the cap delts and doesn't even do anything? I mean, I hate to say it, but I always had good delts and abs and like a small waste. So I definitely had like something going on for me. So I mean, if I told people like from high school that I am a pro bodybuilder, they might not be surprised. But yeah, I will say though at the same time, I've seen some people where they have like honestly a good example of SESHAU. So I don't know if you remember how he looked when he started out in Andrew. Yeah, he looked strong. He's tall, long like he like he did not look like he could put on muscle and he'd be under to becoming a really nasty amateur and then turn pro. I mean, he stopped, but I guess some guys come up to you and they're like, they have any really good like you said, been training that long or not at all. I thought guys that had one really been in the gym that long and they're like, hey, do you think I can turn pro and I'm like, well, my response to you is like, you got to give it at least a year or two to really start to see your genetic potential come to fruition. Whereas a lot of guys, you know, it takes that like, okay, like we got to see what sort of like, you know, under the lights, like playing the game here for a couple of years to really see what you're working with and what your potential is. But I will add on what Andrew said as a lot of guys, it's that response, right? So, you know, most of the guys that are going to good or turn pro, you don't really have to change their program a lot or they respond very well, right? So, then you have wise words like a fighting battle like back and forth like checking to check in, like I got to play with stuff constantly. I sort of, you got to do constant manipulations and it's like, man, I don't even know, you know what I mean? You start questioning. But I didn't want to say another thing as far as like, where mine's for, I wanted to touch on this actually, it was a good, good topic, where part of the topic was, I like using Brett Wilken, even though he has obviously the genetics to make it because I don't think everyone can turn pro. But he's the type of guy he sort of forced it by eating, he eats like 6,7,000 calories a day, not a meal. He's trained his like, dude, he's one of the hardest trainers I've seen and like when did do what he's done in that time frame? Is amazing. I guess I use that for an example because I don't think everyone has that mental aspect that he has, you know what I mean? So, without him having that, he wouldn't be as far as he's at today, you know what I mean in my opinion. Yeah, yeah, how to grab it that? There's the mental component as you, I think there's a lot of really good, arguably, professional bodybuilders in gyms all over the country, maybe the world, who just mentally they don't have it, they don't want it. They are already a big fish and a small pond, it comes relative, what easy to them. So, you know, I always say there's a lot of dairy geaters out there, that for whatever reason they mean out of, they mean a lot, but they didn't get seen, they weren't in the right place at the right time. I think that that psychological component those huge, Phil Heath is a good example. I saw him in 2002 when he competed and he was a talker, a Colorado by 2003, it was very clear, crystal clear, that he was going to turn pro very quickly, but no, no one could obviously predict that he would go on to, you know, have as many, you know, wins it do as well as he did, but it was crystal clear that he was, he was in a league that was just, he was on a different planet. The life issue, Andrew, what you were saying with being able to deal with the direction from trainers and questions, life is a big deal too. Not only how do you handle and respond to adversity when you're training and nutrition and things like that, but how do you handle life? I was watching crime show the other night and I'm like, that looks like Victor Martinez. It was about his sister being, so, and I was just blown up like that. It is. They came back to him, they interviewed him and just he got. Oh, and I just stopped to myself. He did not do, he did not make much progress for quite a while at that time without, at some point being able to compartmentalize and adapt to this horrendously horrible situation as light. So it doesn't even necessarily be bad. What about financial situation? What about relationships status? What about you've got a bunch of kids and your careers on the, there's a lot of life stuff that can get in the way. That right, right in my last point. We've talked about this a lot behind the scenes. Being, I'm going to say this now. I'm pretty sure you guys are back now. The guys who do the best, the training people online for exclusively for over 20 years, you guys have been doing this a long time too. I think you'll great. The guys who go the furthest and especially the ones who are gifted, but the guys who go the furthest and I'm not dogging anybody. I'm just saying they don't ask 2,000 questions about the Manusha. They do what you tell them to do and they continue to get better. Doesn't mean they don't want to learn and they don't ask the occasional question. But those check-ins are about that long. Yep. They do. They basically say, and I'm paraphrasing, okay, it'll get done and there might be another question in there. It's not this deep dive into the Manusha of the house and why it's there's nothing wrong with that. Wanting to learn, there's nothing wrong with that. I'm just saying that my observation over so many clients over so many years, 2 decades. I've seen it, it's matter of fact and it's just so crystal clear that the people and the Mexi, or the people who just do the plan, I think Andrew you call them soldiers. Those clients who are sold out of ones that go, they progress so much better than the ones who are digging into the details in the Manusha. They arguably sometimes doesn't matter. 100% let me take a one step further, because there's a lot to be learned as a good soldier without asking the questions. Without coming up all that Manusha that you're talking about, skip, like if you're like, okay, so this is where I'm at. And this is the move coach made. There's a lot you can glean from that without even having that discussion, right? Without even having all these, you watch it in full. You watch it in full. If you're receptive person and you also reinforce the fact like by not asking all these Manusha questions, all these things that really are 1% difference makers out there. This is what the bread and butter, this is what the meat and potatoes is of the plan. This is what I got to focus on. If you're not going to respond to the bread and butter, are you going to respond to the Manusha? Well, I'll tell you. On the soldiers part, because when we talk about it, it's almost like there's every level of genetics. So like, I'll use my good at buddy, our good buddy James Kelly for example. He's a soldier, but he's a guy that's in the turn of pro because he was a soldier. You know what I mean? He can't get by on just his genetics. Yes, to check every box. And there's guys that will turn pro, but they have to do everything in order to the team years after years up years. So I think sometimes you'll be in years when we talk about like, guys are just going to turn pro because they have such amazing genetics, but there's layers of genetics. So you might be in the middle of the road and you can turn pro, but you got to be that soldier. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Man, you guys all said it very well. This is very well stated. We get questions like that all the time, the questions that relate to like, how can I be a good client? You know, I think that that answers it that really does right there. All right. Let's wrap this thing up. Nate, are you liking not before I get my word? You said to remind you, I'm not. That's right. I did. I was like, skip if I forget. Tell me. We're going to the day. So we've got it for anybody who didn't know, though, we're skip. It's got a word of the day. This is to educate us beyond just bodybuilding or trying to get what's what we're trying to become wordsmiths like, like, skip is. Yeah. But anyway, I toned it down a little bit because I have to be careful that I want to provide words that can be used. Not words because if you can use it, then you'll remember it. If you're not going to use it and it doesn't pertain to it, then it doesn't really matter a lot. So I'm going to go with apoplectic. We're going to use that. Yeah, I think it's a good one. And like I said, it's not that it's like, oh my goodness, that's I knew that where some people may know that word. That's fine. But it's a word that will come up in conversation that can be used. Appoplectic is just basically you just be on mad. You're like, if you really get somebody upset on Facebook and you're going back and they're going back and forth with you and they're just getting nasty, then they're being out of a plucked it. So they're just so mad. That's necessarily the product control, but it's it's just, they're blood is boiling. They can't shut up. They're being apple-plcked. They use that message. Wow. Yeah, quick, quick, quick. Come down. I don't like dealing with apoplectic people. On Facebook. How about what about something like, what was that topic? You got really excited about today's skip? Was it the, you said you had to, you're like, oh, I got to sit back because you got all excited on one of our topics. Skip got quite apoplectic about that topic. I mean, I was emotional about it. I was, but I wasn't angry. You're mad. Right, right. Exactly. Yeah, my blood wasn't boiling or anything like that. So, would I say, like, you became apoplectic? Something like that? I would have had to go to another level. I would have had to be, it would have had to be. But that's what I mean. No, that's the way it's phrase it. Not like, yeah. It's almost like, you know, the stain and you're just, you're so worked up that you just can't, you can't let it go. You're just, you're seeping, you're losing your shit. You know, that sort of thing. Yeah. I like that word. I could see using that in a way that would really irritate people. Like, hey, don't get all that apoplectic on me. Just relax. Hey, whoa, whoa, that's it. It's not, so apoplectic. Yeah. Oh, that's a good one. This, I don't know what to come on, fucker, just say. I don't even know. Yeah. You know, I have to Google words all the time with like some of the new, like someone responded to me bet like BET. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That. Oh, no kid. When I gave you directions and they're like, bet, and I'm like, bet what? Like, what are we betting? But I guess it's like a slang word. I guess for like, you bet or something like I got it or word or, you know, yes, yes, yeah, I agree. You know, that's because we're all right now. Yeah, I got you. It's man. I got you. Sometimes else things, I'm two of them like, you know, word I had to look up or or the the initials was NPC. Oh, really? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I know what the national physique committee is. I have to check out you. NPC and like there's NPCs, you know, you guys know what that is? Yeah. Skip, you know what an NPC is? Well, no, not if it's national physique or maybe I'm like, how could you possibly not know that? Non-putable character. Like the guys in the video game that like they're the characters on the side of the road. Yeah, I didn't know that either. It's like a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're the main character and everybody else is just NPCs. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're like saying like you're a beta or you're like, um, um, something that's no fake. Something of that nature. Yeah. Guys, we appreciate your tune in for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear. Nate, are you taking new clients right now? How do they reach out to you? What's the best way? Uh, so I Instagram just one word Nate Adnate Spear or are you gonna email me at Nathan Spear25 at live.com? How is the YouTube going? Uh, do it as hard to be this and honestly, but um, is that? Now, nasty Nate Spear on YouTube. I do have like, look at him on a videos, but I am trying to fire it up now that we're so we're coming up on 10 weeks out from Toronto this weekend. Okay. So trying to fire that back up. Uh, probably I'll probably have a video and like a couple of weeks. I would guess so nice. Hey, can we get you back on the show when you start closing in and talk about the prep with Andrew and stuff? Of course, you know that. All right. All right. It's a fanjero's up for it. I don't know. All those secrets here. That's right. Guys, you can also go to bodybarry.com to reach out to Andrew for coaching and you can go to team skip.com to reach out to skip to learn all about uh, melanin 2 and coaching from skip. Magnetic diets at gmail.com for myself. Thank you true nutrition for uh, advertising with her programming. Guys, you can use code think to get additional savings over there. Supplement source.ca for Canadians. They've got really good deals on label changes and short data products and thank you to everybody from Patreon. Think I got a couple more Patreon questions. We'll get to on the next show and uh, yeah. Like I already said, the blood's wanting to hear stuff. Guys, we'll see you soon. Thank you.