How about uh, windstorm? I just I think you could possibly get away with slightly lower. I go with 10 again probably. Yeah, I would say 10, but I think you might be able to squeeze it a little bit lower, but I don't suppose windstorm comes in 2.5 so. Yeah. Now let me ask you this. Let's see you ran, go back up to the end of our ore of the windstorm, 10 milligrams of this. How long do you think you could do that before lab work would start to get screwy, either liver values, which you might not really see much from it. I don't think I actually think you'd probably get away with it all. Quite an extended time. Yeah. I think it could be token several months to be honest. Yeah. I mean, I want to check labs during that, you know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, like anything, money, so you know, I mean, don't just take it for red. What's up, guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I've Scott McNaley and Oliver programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, we are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition for those in the UK. And now in the US, there's that famous young you guys were waiting for right there. We are brought to you by supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. And of course, true nutrition dot com, use our code. Think to get 10% off all your basic body building supplements like protein powder, creatin, intro workout and more. Dave, the last show did pretty good. People enjoyed hearing about TRT plus. I know what's your favorite topic. And I thought to myself, Dave loves TRT plus so much. Why don't we do it again? Why don't we do more TRT plus? You get one. You want to, you can fuck around. We actually had a, Do you want to catch a French Pino? What is that? It's a French Pino. Is it something different? It's not salted, which I've never had. Oh, unsalted peanuts. Do not sound pleasant to me. Okay. Anyway, here's a comment that we got on the show last week. Because we're saying like, guys, you know, orals, they just don't make sense for TRT plus, you know, and we just moved on. That's always said we just moved on. And so husky king, great name, by the way. He says, you can't add an oral in as it turns it into a cycle. But you can add growth hormone, insulin, a little bit of red in the background, plus on top of that, add your test and all of that is fine. Such nonsense. Yeah, he has a valid point. Yeah, he has a point there. Does that? What was he called again? Something king, husky king. Husky king. Yeah. It's all nonsense, mate. I was told that to behave. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, you know what it is, Dave, is, I think here's what I thought immediately, because I was like, Oh, you can get a lot out of an oral. But I mean, realistically, you can get a performance benefit out of a low dose oral, right? You're not going to get massive gains out of it. You're not going to grow a bunch of muscle, but you can't get a performance benefit out of that, right? Yeah, is it going to cycle? No. My standpoint is always being TOT's, TOT. And if you're in both TOTs, he's not TOTs as simple as that. I appreciate that it's not a belief that's held by a large number of people, which is why we did the thing last week, because at the end of the day, you know, people do different shifts. I, if you're talking oral, that effective muscle building doses, then you've got a very limited exposure to them. You can't have them for long, so they wouldn't run along at side at here, TOT. He does have a valid point though, that all the other stuff doesn't make it cycle. It might happen in yes it does, but I was told I had to behave, so I did. But yeah, you could potentially do something like a low dose or all. I just don't really see there being a great deal of benefit. It sort of ends up being a bit for the sake of it, but you could peer on it, but you could probably bring an oral in, that's definitely something on that point. You know, if you had special occasion, so to speak. Yeah, yeah, you know, I mean, it really comes down to like, what are you going to get? I think that one thing that people have disconnected from lately has been, they're not good. No, yeah. Let's go with regular old fashioned salted peanuts. I think one of the things people have disconnected from is the fact that yes, there is definitely a dose to affect ratio. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, you may get, and we've said this before, can you take five to 10 milligrams of anovar and get an increased pump in the gym, increase performance, you know, you get, yeah, you get something out of it. I've used that kind of dosing with athletes for the last 15 years. People that are performing in athletic sport, and you will get an enhanced athletic performance, but are you going to gain bodybuilder like mass from that? No, absolutely not, man. Scott, are you in coaching interviews enough for these that compete in tested sports? That's terrible. I would never have said such a thing. First of all, and actually, no, I don't think I really work with many people that were in tested sports. More so, like, guys that are not on the professional level of mixed martial arts and stuff like that. Guys that need heavy endurance, you know, and they are still interested in using PEDs. What? Guys, I haven't had a hard time holding this show together. First day of sick. Now we got this. Who has that ringtone? You left a buckle, make it too close to the gate, so we're open. I'm sorry, when my near-death state. I forgot to turn my phone off, and then someone stood up with the gate. Alright, well listen, let's real quick, four performance enhancement, meaning like improving athleticism, increasing your pump. Let's run through a general list of the common orals. What would be the lowest dose to get a performance boost from number one, Annavar? Male, oh, female. Let's go with male. 10, 15. Okay. You probably got more experience on this than made it for that. I thought something really messed with it. I'd say 10 is a great dose for enhanced performance. How about windstrong? I'd say I think it could possibly get away with slightly lower. I'd go with 10 again, probably. I would say 10, but I think you might be able to squeeze it a little bit lower. But I don't suppose windstrong comes in 2.5, so. Yeah. Now let me ask you this. Let's say you ran, go back up to the end of our or the windstrong. 10 milligrams of this. How long do you think you could do that before lab work would start to get screwy, either liver values, which you might not really see much from it. I actually think you probably can play the role. Quite an extended time. Yeah. I think it could be talking several months to be honest. Yeah. I mean, I'd want to check labs during that, you know, in any way. Yeah. I mean, like anything, money, so you don't know. Just to get the red. But yeah. I think it probably got away with quite extended period of time. All right. Next. How about an adrole aka oxa aka green giants aka draw. I actually going to know why would it said possibly a little bit higher. Yeah. But yeah. We're going to be 10 to 20. I feel like okay. I would say 10 just for performance benefits. Like I'm getting a little bit better pump. Maybe my recovery is a little bit improved. I can quote unquote feel it in the gym. You know, I feel like I'm going to. You gotta take 100. Yeah. Yeah. Get anything out of it. Okay. 10 to 20 and you're and of course guys, we're having fun with this. This is just our opinions, right? It's not like we're trying to write something in stone here. And then debol. Where would you go with debol? 10. I wouldn't go any higher actually. The debol was actually the one I've been tended to go lower without. I wouldn't go any higher would debol. I could even see five with debol. Yeah. I could as well. Yeah. I could say I'd definitely be leaning on the lowest out of a debol. Okay. This one's going to get a little tricky for you. Halo testin. I mean, I mean, dude, because like I've worked with guys that take literally just 10 milligrams a day leading into a show for the last two weeks. That so so is 2.5. I always want to say I'd go as low as 2.5. Halo, yeah. Yes. I wonder, guys, do we have any listeners that have taken 2.5 milligrams of halo pre-workout? And did you get an effect from it? I'd be curious. Superdraw is kind of dosed similar to Halo. Slightly higher. I'd go five. Okay. 5 superdraw. Yeah. Huh. And what else are we missing? Oh, t-ball. Oral Terinnable. 10. 10. So okay. So we're kind of across the board with a round and average of 10 milligrams with any of these orals for Husky King who called us out. Yeah. We got your number bro. Actually he had our number. No, he was wrong. He really was. He really was. I did an oral cause it's like a bad G. That's what it does. Yeah, no. It was a really good point, man. All right. That was one of the ladies. Oh, well, for the ladies, I mean, gosh, man, it's a tough one because I think with females. Uh, all these things are really going to be dependent on how they respond. I've worked with some girls that can't touch anivard. Like, that just the way they're set up. They do terribly with it. In fact, that work with some girls that just orals don't work for them very well at all, that they need to get to an injectable in order to be able to break things down and process it. They just don't have, you know, I've seen issues with like liver, gallbladder, like long-term stuff, maybe from using birth controls since they were, you know, basically a kid. You know, so I've seen a lot of variability. But let's say, I mean, gosh, could we say two milligrams of anivard? As just a performance enhancer? Mm-hmm. No, okay. There was two, two, two, five. Yeah. Okay. Would you say the same with anidro? You see, this is going to sound weird. Now, there's no secret, I like, oxies. Well, I actually do think they're not super good at really super low doses. So I would probably be 2.5 to 5. And you did go higher for men, too. And listen, let's look at this. So traditionally, of course, like everything's been turned on, it's had in the last few years, as far as what a dose means, you know. But we can flash back from five years ago on common thought on debol would be 50 milligrams. Common thought on anivard would be 50 milligrams. But anidro on the other hand, common thought would be 100. You know? I do think it does need to be that. I don't think it's one of those drugs that performs particularly well at super low doses. Yeah, meaning like overall, it is generally ghost higher, you know what I mean? More milligrams. Well, I mean, you know, we always looked at debol's. They always came in five or 10s, you know? Right. The team team always came in 10s. And then you start again, a shoe loves doing 20s for obvious reasons. Whereas oxa, it's always been 50s. Yeah. It's always been 50s. Yeah, you're right. All right. All right. Yeah. Excuse me. Oh, yeah, guys. I forgot to tell you two, Dave Sick. He's being a baby today. I've got two days left. Don't say that. You got to stay be positive. You got to get your cardio in. Yeah, take, did you take your vitamin C today? Yeah, did I start? Good man. Good man. I died. No, we don't say that I need to be either. You two doesn't like that. Okay, I'm, I want to live in very slowly. We didn't get a bunch of stuff. And you guys are definitely welcome to comment. Leave us questions for the next show. And thank you to everybody who's joining us today. We're happy to have you. If you're new to our show, welcome. And we'd love to have you along for all of them. We have several shows at Cmonnie Tweak. Study show creatin doesn't just fuel your muscles. It fuels your brain. Research links create into improved memory, focused and mental clarity, especially while under stress. It helps reduce mental fatigue, supports learning and may even protect long-term brain health. I order my creatinine from true nutrition. Use code think it. Check out to get 10% off and support this podcast. Call out to your body and your mind with true nutrition creatinine. By the way, this is my actual morning routine mixing 15 grams of creatinine into my oats. No flavor, no texture. And hey, since I got married, we stored in this fancy jar so it doesn't look like my wife lives with a bro. But hey, if you're single, just leave it in the bag on the counter. It's totally fine. Hey, listen, what do you think of this comment? I wanted to kind of ponder this. I think the guy has a point. He commented this on a couple episodes ago, but I saved it to bring it to you. He says, it had something to do. We were talking about aqua poise. He says, I want to remember, okay, here it is. I think it's really worth mentioning that boulder non-conversed converts to E1 astrome, as well, which is far weaker than astridile. And I think that probably plays into binding up the aromatise enzyme and lowering E2 conversion rates, because of the competition on the enzyme. Yeah, that's been theory. That and very converts to a very strong antisugeum metabolic, but the only converts at very, very small doses. So yeah, the E1 theory's been around for a while. It has some solid weight to it. There's definitely definitely not something that I would poobar. It has some solid weight to it. I don't think anyone's actually looked at it clinically to confirm what's actually going on. And I still say, I don't see it in every person either, so there's definitely some individuality to it too. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I don't see it with everybody either, but when it does have an effect, sometimes it can have a really strong effect. We can absolutely slam the yeastage and probably more than anything else to be honest when it does work. It works like a sledgehammer. Yeah, I ran a fair amount of aqua poise for my body building, and I did really well with it. We've talked about that. Like EQ was my thing, but I also ran much higher tests too. It's like a high high end cycles being like 800 EQ with a thousand tests, something like that, or at my absolute highest, I tried 1.25 grams of tests. It didn't equal out to quite that, because it was taken every other day, so it was like 1.25 over eight days kind of thing. Yeah, yeah. But I did really well with it. When I was light heavy weight kind of in the two 30s, still in good shape, you know, competed at around a little bit under 200. So yeah, but I mean, I wonder now looking back at that, because I wasn't checking like, well, where's my S-stroke, you know, back in 2013? To be honest, I've written a UK useful Google guy tested. Still to this day, huh? I'd be curious, anybody who is watching the show, if you're on EQ right now, I'd be curious to know what are your estrogen levels, what is your E2? And hey, if you get some astrointestate, I'd love to see what that was as well. How about this, Dave? Got a bunch of stuff. Like I said, oh, yeah, just a comment here. J. Gambler said, Dave's looking great, and they put one of those fist bumps in there. One of those emojis. I'm, well, I don't feel it, but one step. Yeah, but that was last week. All right, so I look like shit this week, he's what you say. Hey, Jacob asks us, is it true that test probe aromatizes less than test sip? Once he's cleared the Astro, he's test. That was tested. Yeah, that is. So, I think, what, where do you think his confusion is coming from? I think I get worries, worries that with this, because there's going to be a lot of times like we say, oh, yeah, I've less Astrojana and test probe. Yeah, I thought there's a fast clearance for one. So that's one thing. P, P, plus the levels are going to potentially be lower. Yeah. Because of, you don't get to compound in effect with the show, Esther. So, there are going to be the main factors involved in it for me. Yeah, yeah, that's, that's where I go with it too. You're not getting the same level of buildup. And a lot of times too, I don't think that people tend to run probe as high as they're going to run a long acting compound because it's just, it's literally twice the milligrams per mill liter if not more, you know? Yeah, you get an either huge amount of probe to equivalently. When you start factoring the overlap on the injection probe, so you get that kind of pounding effect. You know, to match peak end levels at six weeks, which is where most people will peak. That's going to be a shitload of probe. Yeah. Hmm. Hey, for someone that's a lower-romatizer, how would you manage this? I'm on one gram of test. 350 EQ, my E2, was at 24. So I'm guessing that's a US range. 24 is going to be good. It's like, you know, what it's 15 to 40 is a completely different. It's a bit about the, it says a little bit on the low side, didn't it? Yeah, yeah, for one gram of test. Would I be best just running test only and trying to push this up to 1.5 grams, or would swapping the EQ out for DACA be a better option? I feel like with test only, I wouldn't have to worry about the, I wouldn't have to worry about Prolactin and the mood sides, et cetera. Right. Are you first thing is are you basing that you think you're a lower-romatizer on these results? Right. Because you're not factor in the anti-eachin effect of EQ, which is very apparent in those results. So there's a strong chance you pull that EQ and your research is going to go through that F in the roof. I don't have a problem with estrogen at 24. I don't think that's an emergency. I would like it to be higher. But I'd like it a bit, I have a, I think the issue, it's where you get in this decision that you're a lower-romatizer from, is it just from these results? Yeah. If you're not factor in the effect of EQ, if you want to know how much of an aromatize your Runtest only and then measure the response to that. And I think you'll find your issue is going to be substantially higher. Yeah, I wonder if you want to little bit higher, because like you don't need estrogen through the roof, you know? Oh, and if you want to be a little bit higher, you can tweak the testos you could. Right. You can drop the EQ slightly, throw a bit of debol in there, even if you want it to, but there's a few approaches. I like the way you're thinking. Yeah, I just could you love debol. Yeah, any excuse to bring debol into the plan, I think. Okay, Mr. Yates. Yeah, did, did, did, did, Dorian like, deep up? Was he a big fan? Yeah, it was. Good man, that's one thing I actually like about him then. Oh, man, man, man, man, man. Great physique. Yeah, I was a person, I think. Shall we say he didn't match the caliber of his physique. Yeah, so how are you guys? This is just personal opinion. I thought Dave, as somebody from England, you were supposed to, like, absolutely idolize him. I have the greatest respect for Dorian for the physique he built. I had the greatest respect for Dorian for the intensity that man could generate in a gym. Jesus Christ, there's not many people could train like he could. And I don't care, you know, and I'm on about everybody. Plats, men's at a lot. There's not many could do what Dorian could do. The intensity that man could generate day in day out was incredible. My experiences with him and they're not speaking from personal. And also from people I know who I've had to work with him on various projects. I have found him somewhat difficult. Really? Just, yeah. I mean, I know he's agreed to do talks and things that expose and then just on the day, decided he can't be asked. Okay. Things like that. He's never done me any wrong. But yeah, but then I have from a few people who's opinion I write told me that Mr. Swordsnager could be a little bit of a asshole as well. Oh, I could totally see that. Yeah, he's reputation as a person is not the greatest from what I've been told, but I've not experienced anything personally, sir. Yeah. I've met him. I've met him. I've never talked to him. I saw him at leaving golds one time. It was pretty early in the morning. And then after that, we went and dropped my friend off and then I was leaving. And then like, so she lived in Sanamanaca. And he had already left golds. We left. We dropped her off. Circleed around the block and then I came to a stop sign. And there goes Arnold right past this on his bike. And he had like his he had his crew. This was like 2017. He had his crew with him. He had like a bunch of other guys on bikes. I think they're like some of them were there to like protect him and stuff. I think Arnold has got very, very good at playing the game in the sense of the public persona and all the things. But I mean, well, he's a very driven individual. And that's why he's been so successful. And I suppose in order to be a very successful and very driven individual that has to an element to a degree be an element of comfortness. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look at Dorian too then. Like he harnessed some incredible intensity. The likes of which really hadn't been seen. The way he did it. He had his own brand of it. But where does that come from? You know what I mean? I remember Kai Greene's kind of green saying that like, hey, if you take somebody. Who can squat 800 pounds for reps, they might be a nice guy. They might have a smile in their face, but there's something inside of them that's a monster that allowed them to do that. You know what I mean? You got very, very point. Actually, slightly slight direction, but I'd like to take a if you indulge me. Okay. Who do you regard in the history of bodybuilding to be the most intense ball to the wall? Trains. Trainers. Trainers. So like more than one. Yeah. Well, this could have been, I mean, you know, we've already got Dorian. Yeah. I would say before him would be Menser. You know, Menser, Menser kind of like coined that high intensity thing. Just guys at train, ropa balls to the wall. It might still be volume, but they, you know, they still trained out. Yeah. I would say he'd be right up there. Now, I've got somebody more, now he's not quite a bodybuilder, but he did do what like one or two bodybuilding shows. Power lifter, Dave Tate. Okay. Because some absolute screws loose, man. Like that's like in a way, I can totally relate to, you know. And he's had this thing where he said he'd do like dead lifts on his birthday. And he had to do like as many reps as he was old. And he had this story of being at the gym by himself at the compound by himself. Which do the compound is crazy, man. If you ever get a chance to come to the US Dave and go to Ohio, it's a private facility. So you can't just like walk in with a day pass, but it's, it's had like the strongest human beings on earth have lifted it weights have moved weights there. And he did these dead lifts though into the point that he like passed out and maybe almost crapped himself. Or maybe he did. I can't remember that part of the story, but like they came and found him on the ground. And he came too and he was like, oh my god, they had a spiritual experience. You know, and this is as an older older man now, you know what I mean? Like he's still, he still has that in. But I've seen him do some sets on his page. Like he had done some sets with John Meadows. We're like, it just, there's another level man of like wrap after wrap after wrap to like five minutes in. Oh my god, I can't believe he's still going. It looked more like a torture scene than it did weightlifting anymore. You know, there's chains rattling and it's black and white and screaming and it's like, it was dark man. So I'd put him up there. You throw one at me. Who's one you want to throw lots of. Plats. Yeah. He's like different though. You play a different thing, you know. And a different thing, but there was still an intensity and plots had almost a religious thing. Yeah, it was like a spiritual thing. Very emotional thing, but yeah, I mean, the man would just wrap after wrap after wrap with heavy weights. So the plots is one burlt fox. I didn't know he was a real intense trainer, huh? Mm-hmm. The heavy as well. What happened to him? He murdered his wife, I believe. Yeah. On a live, Dave. Sorry. He on a live this wife in Jamaica, I believe, or one of the islands. I think he's, he's out. Yeah, I think he's out now and everything. I think he's out now and everything. I think he's just an innocent, all the rest of it. In fact, he might have been his wife and his mother-in-law. He's a fantasy of a lot of married jokes. But yeah, so he was one. I once trained with a guy, a little guy, not particularly strong in any way, but under Jesus, he would not stop. He wouldn't not know. He'd go until he passed out or died, there was that little wager. He trained hard. Very hard. Who's this that Ryan's mentioning on the screen there? Rackenhausename, don't know him though. How do you say that name? Chuck. Chuck Vogor. I can't say it, right? Vogor Paul. Vogor Paul. I would say. Vogor Paul? That sounds right. I'm trying to think you else. How is small train pretty hard to be fair? He was a volume train. He was a volume train with weight. And though it was a very different style to me, the shift all you just killed me off. I got to tell you, man, I feel like in today's age, we have to mention Jordan Peters. Oh, yes, yes. Love of intensity. Yes. You know, like modern. It's interesting because I feel like, you know, Yates spawned a lot of people to do what he did. And we've witnessed Jordan do the same thing. Well, Jordan was a very DC influenced as well. Oh, yeah. You know, you don't have Scott Stevenson and Scott helped. They worked together on DC. And that's when he really, I think, blew up. And it's evolved since like he those were his roots in the high intensity, you know. Jordan. Jordan. He's almost machine-like in. In, in, in that his precision. Both in how he lives his lifestyle. You know, Jordan has to get up at five minutes past three o'clock in the morning to do a G.A. You shot Jordan's getting up at five minutes past three o'clock in the morning to do a G.A. You shot, there's just that set of questions. Yeah. And he's training, I've never trained with Jordan. I've never actually even seen him train to be fair. I know, and I've known Jordan a lot, he knows. He's only so big. I know he's just one of those things, but yeah, he trains hard. Very hard. Um, two point where I don't think people actually realize how much intensity he puts into sets. Josh said, uh, Chuck was a power lifter with Dave T. at Westside Barrel. Dave, they did some crazy stuff at Westside. Like they were exploring the outer limits of strength. Not bodybuilding stuff, right? But like learning how to become literally the strongest human beings in the world. But yeah, there's, there's, um, I just wanted to do what your thoughts were on there. I mean, it's a fun topic. I'd be interested in what our view is, thing. It's interesting because now things are shifting, you know, it's not how do you destroy yourself to the, like, Tom Plats was the definition of like, just squeeze every ounce of water out of that stone, right? But now we've got guys that are like, you know, Nick Walker is like, hey, I leave a couple reps in the tank. And yeah, sure I could have gotten them, but I can just do another set, you know, leaving a couple reps in the tank. And oh my god dude, he is like, looking so freaky right now, you know? Yeah, it's, I think, I think the best source, I need someone is the train is a, they enjoy, um, to a degree, because there's so many different ways to approach this. Yeah. And you've got to do some of that you want to do. You know, I used to look forward to going to train because of the challenge of training, whereas, and other people much prefer volume with, you get me a volume worker, I'd be like, you're bored. Yeah, yeah, I want to go on halfway through, but you know, so I think you've got to do what you enjoy, and if you do it well with good control and a decent amount of effort, then you're going to be just fine. I don't think you can just lift weights and grow. I think there needs to be more to it than that, but you know, any starlight training apply correctly with decent efforts going to yield good results. Yeah. I would have seen that. I would have seen that. Would it surge, was it surge new bra that you still set the 25 reps? I don't know. Oh, show what it was. I think it was surge. I mean, I could see that working. Why not, right? I think you'll see you for guy. Go on, go on. I think he was in a really super high rep guy as well. Yeah. All right, listen, let's move on. We've got a bunch more listener questions, and I'll encourage our listeners. You know, we obviously didn't mention everybody who trains intent. So you guys comment below and tell us who's the, the intense trainer that inspired you, because there are those guys, man, that like, I think back to some of those sets that I'm like, I go in the gym with that picture in my head, or I used to, you know, anyway, how about this one? So, question for the next episode, any tips on how to be more productive outside of the gym during a bulk? I began to feel super lazy and unproductive when my food gets above 6000 calories. Steaks, keeps on conditioning working. Keep some cardio in, but some, some, some headwork, some proper conditioning work. That's going to keep your fitness up. Allow you to carry the weight better. And then you shouldn't feel the sluggish. You're always going to have an element of it, because especially if you're pushing into new poundages, you've not been before. Growing's hard work. It takes a lot out of money. You're going to be tired if you're growing each. It comes with a territory, but if you can keep your cardio in activity at decent level, you shouldn't navigate it a little bit better. But yeah, it's, well, we get scared of doing cardio when we're walking, because we think it's going to take away from what we're doing, but actually, it's only going to act with it. There's a balanced situation, obviously. You don't want to be doing that. It's literally hours of it, but some conditioning work, some proper conditioning work, is really going to help both in your training and in your everyday life. Did it now? So for any of our listeners who are newer, because we are getting new subscribers all the time, which is freaking awesome. Thank you guys for being here. They may not know your whole story, Dave, that Dave, you are the star of the documentaries, under construction in the film, and under construction too. You pushed up to some pretty massive body waves. Did you follow this advice then? Or just to the point. Two of my way probably about 300 and 70 bound. Okay. And you're like, I just went a hold still to put all this into the muscles. I did. Yeah. And then the decline at that point when, I didn't do a huge amount of conditioning work, but I was a very not fast trainer in reps, but fast trainer in rep time, in rest time. Yeah. So I would literally stand behind, but say if we were squatting, I would walk into the rack behind my training partner. He would step forward out of the rack, and I would step onto the bar and go. You guys would just, there's an in and out of the window. That's the sort of turnover speed we used. Okay. So as a result of that, I kept relatively well conditioned because it was very on off on off. Yeah. As I went over three, 70 and as it happened, I did stop training with Don Fruir as well. No, no reason. Just our life happens. But then I got slower. And the knock on effect of that was quite dramatic. But yeah, I mean, I'm sorry, you six foot one and four and a pound. You're not moving anyway, quick. Yeah. All right. How about this one? It's gotten day of love the show, especially while at work driving about. Question. What is a proper pre-workout and a draw protocol? I've seen four times a week for six weeks, but when I, but when do I take it? Pre-workout? Is it 30 minutes before you train or after your pre-workout meal? And by the way, I love Uncle Dave's wisdom. I always timed it around 40 minutes. That seemed to work for me. I think there's going to be a little of individuality in that. You know, and also it depends on where you want it to really hit in the workout as well. Do you want it to really be sort of kicking in towards the back end? Or do you want it in at the early end depending on what you're doing? So there's an aspect to that as well. Is it that surgical though? No, no real in it. No, really. It's nothing like I'm not getting it now, but at the end of the workout it's going to kick in. What if you, if you took it sort of literally ten minutes before you train and you're training for an hour and a half, which is, hopefully, what my sessions were an hour and a half to two hours long. Then I'm going to really see that pick up with that sort of 80 minute mark. I mean, I'm going to see it at the back end of the workout where if I wanted it more mid, I'd take it for you 45 minutes before. But I wasn't that clinical with it. I mean, some days it was half an hour, some days it was 20 minutes. I just rode with it. You know, I'm actually going to remember some kick kick in when it kicked in. I used to take it every training day and then I'd take it PM on rest days. So I never specifically used Oxie as a pre workout. Yeah. I used it as part of the plan cycle. But if I was taken on a training day, I would take it as a pre workout. I was taken to rest day at a ticket PM. And that was it with it. I've never really had anything particularly stringent protocol wise, but you're going to get a peak release. And you're just going to have to play around to see what that is. But also, stomach contents, food pre, all these things are going to affect it. So, you know, I found as much as I could, which was difficult when you'd push in high volumes of food, that I always prefer to be training on as close to an empty stomach as possible. Yeah. So I would ideally, you know, for a couple hours prior to training, but it wasn't always possible unfortunately. And sometimes you were training with food, starting the system. Yeah. I think you know, two days of like, try it out. And this is one of those things where you're going to be able to actually see the, feel the results, right? Like, I don't really notice a difference taking it 30 minutes before I train. Try an hour before you train. Try an hour and a half. And so, you know what, I didn't really notice. I personally, I feel like once it kicks in, it's in. So I want to try to cover as much of that workout as possible. I would say in hour on average, but maybe it ends up being an hour and a half. Maybe it ends up being 45 minutes. But I'd say anything shorter than 30, 45 minutes is not really going to get in your system as effectively as it could with a little bit more time. In my experience. I can't really do that. It's completely the fact that I can. I never really wanted it to be kicking in at the beginning of a session. Yeah. No, because I used to be. I'd get pumped so early on so quick with oxies. It would then start up and they get it the right. Okay. And I think that maybe is more of a thing too when you're using it every day. You know what I mean? Versus if you don't have, if you're taking it three times a week, I think you're going to get more of the strength, but not as much of the water that you know, you can get it with a high. With a high volume diet or whatever. All right. Let me see what else we have here because we didn't have a bunch of them here. All right. Great show is always, unfortunately, I can't watch live, which I can't watch live from Australia given the time differences just wondering if there are any updates on the raw situation out of China. I'm getting mixed reports. My understanding of things are recovering and it's getting better. There was a period of time when, in fact, I believe it was affecting all raws. I was actually speaking to a perveyor of such items two days ago. All right. Okay. And he was just saying that each found supply chains to be a little bit more of a still not great, but better than they were. And they too seem to be steadily improving. I'd be curious, anybody who is getting these compounds specifically pre-mo and mass, are you sending them out to get them tested? And if so, what have the results looked like have we been seeing more fakes than we did before or, or, you know, underdosen? Well, that was funny. You mentioned that because the main testing facility, this side of the water is genocide. Right. Somewhere in Europe. I can't remember where. And this gentleman actually said to me, he must have made a fortune because everybody he knows that's importing the ingredients is sending them to get them checked before they use it. Oh yeah. Because they were not concerned about pumping it out. I mean, obviously there's always going to be laps of donkeys. But that's where a lot of our testing is going to. But yeah, I think that guy must be close to retirement there. Yeah. Also he's in Australia. So that's like a 14 hour difference. It's only like 10, 11, 12. Lock it that occasion. It's only two weeks. Two weeks. Two weeks. Lock it that occasion. It's terrible. You just people just aren't dedicated anymore. I know. He needs to be a little more dedicated to this show. Dave, I'm booked in with Eval soon, six weeks into my cycle. And would you like to talk about my bloods on the podcast that we'd be very interesting for all the amateurs to see Bloods for an average 41 year old dude during his cycle of one gram up and two grams over 30 weeks. I'm planning three blood works during the cycle. Starting dose is 300 grams of testosterone, deck in bold and on 300 each. And then they go up every two weeks by a hundred. Mid cycle switching deck at the NPP bold to mass. So you basically say, and though, in his name is Daniel. So Daniel, Paul, Paul, and Plansky. Daniel, you try to get you so that you get your cycle supervised. Ha ha ha. Hey, I think it's a great idea, you know. What about Narynjan? Do you know how effective Narynjan is at lowering hematocrit? It's one of the compounds found in grapefruit. I don't know, but I didn't know. Okay, if anybody does have any insight on hematocrit from Narynjan, I haven't seen that. I know it isn't anti-inflammant. So there's something promising there. Right. I know that it's a lower scavenger. If it's going to lower a HCT, then it needs to lower hematocrit. Okay. Because, but the only other way you're going to lower HCT is increasing. So, touched on this a few times, HCT is a reflection of hematocrit in relation to plasma and of lot. It's not itself a thing. So you don't lower HCT. You could, HCT markers could improve, but you do that by lowering hematocrit or increasing fluid levels within the blood. If it's the dehydration drive. So HCT will elevate with the hydration, you see. So it won't just elevate with thick blood. So, what you, but I'm not aware of it having an effect on hematocrit, but it's not something I've looked at. Yeah, I'm just looking it up real quick. In the gestion of grapefruit, lower hematocrit and human subjects. I don't know. I would say let us know. No, try it. Yeah, yeah, I would be curious. I think it's a different pathway that grapefruit will affect drugs from getting broken down. I think that's a different thing. I don't think there's anything to do with their engine. But maybe research that too to make sure there's no, you know what I'm saying, negative side effects. It could be beneficial. I generally, what we go to IP6 and Nato kinase, Serapeptase. I take my thrombomax from Strom Sports Nutrition to help control my thick blood. Oh, you could just not take drugs. Ah, that's foolish. Dave, it's crazy talk. That's crazy talk. All right, how about the next one here? Just a comment here from X American, like this guy says. So we're talking about TRT plus. How did you become an X American? I'm just staying in true TRT doses. 300 test, 300 decka, two I use a growth, so almost nothing. Ha ha ha ha. Good man. Oh, also two, another comment. Another TRT plus guy. He says as someone who deals with extreme joint pain, decka has been a life changer. And I said, hey, tell us more, what's the lowest dose that you found good benefits from decka. And he said, he's 50 with severe spinal injuries and joint issues. Currently using 200 with 200 tests for 10 weeks on 10 weeks off. The effects of my joints have increased my mobility significantly and reduced the pain very substantially. So the quality of life improvements have been profound. I'm now able to be more active with family and friends at that dosage interration. I have zero negative sides and I get my blood worked on every few weeks. So hey, good for him. I wonder if you can do less though, and you know what I'm saying? Get your cardiovascular system check, get a get a necko. Yeah. Just a lot of saying is going to be a problem. I'm touched with the won't be, but get a necko. Yeah. Because that ain't showing on blots. And if you're going to have this as a long term treatment, which obviously you are and I understand why I'm great. The area you need to check is your heart. Okay. So Ryan, who's with us in Chado Tari and you've been on the live stream in the past couple shows. He says, so it's very, so Norwegian, very sub par like five to 10% reduction of hematocrit on paper in rat studies. Norwegian slash grapefruit is more known for its interaction with the drugs due to side of cromes that was you have here. CYP, the sip, three, a three, four, whatever. And that's where you reduce the breakdown of medication. So hey, if you, but listen, if you could get a reduction of 5% 10% plus run some other stuff like, yeah, I mean, sometimes it's, like you say it's a combined thing of a little bit of everything rather than too much of one thing. Isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Somebody just said, I love this duo. Now, I found this channel last month. There's a more important question that Ryan has just put up in the feed. What's that? What's the update on day's pro charger? I haven't got one because you lot of tight cheap kids. I had a little bit of the problem this evening. So I've just done the final log for the final map. We hit the rev limiter, which scared the gearbox transmission. So it went into Lim mode. So we've reset all that now and I just need to put the final map on. Which I won't say. I won't say it. I don't think you're laughing. You don't think that well, you should get some rest. No, but the pro charger is quite a way off at the moment. I've got a lot of other things I need to fix on it first. Okay. TNE or a test suspension as a pre workout is something that I'd love to try. I'm just worried about these specifically that you're going down a slippery slope of taking things more for a recreational type effect, rather than optimizing just bodybuilding muscle. Very, very, very point. And I do think there's an element of that without doubt. I only use things like test suspension really with strength athletes. As a performance tool, I don't tend to use it with people who bodybuild. I don't think it's necessary, but you know, each to the drone, I get a plateau busting thing side of it. I've but I think it's just down to a personal thing. Yeah. All right. How about this one running 14 and we got some other off-topic stuff. We'll try to get to it at the end there from Ryan. And running 14 IU, HGH pre workout on a heavy hyperplasia cycle or phase. I started getting Carpal Tunnel really bad around week eight. Should I just back off the dose a little? It's hard to grip a dumbbell on heavy days like this. Yes, very much. Back off. Yeah. Growth isn't doing what you think it's doing for you. You're not going to get a load of new muscle tissue muscles, muscle cell development from GH. I have to play as year is not sustained with GH use. See, I would back off. Yeah. I'm with you. I'm with you. Which is what the thing. Which is why I've been in Scotland always said we grow. If it's not really a muscle building compound, it's a recovery compound lifestyle benefits. That's all the stuff. You know, though, then you see these guys that do really well in do make, like, I mean, I'm working with a guy who we found that he did really, like I think there are people that respond better than others. I'm working with a guy who, you know, lower like 200 pounds and he started pushing really high doses. What we found first that like for you really volumeized him and he looked crazy with it. So we pushed it up to 10 units, 15 units. And he was able to get the over 300 pounds with it. And now dieting down, he's pretty lean, it like 250 to 60. So it's like, I think there's a growth is a growth out now. Yeah, we pulled it back down. Okay. So I just want to see how much he holds. But I still view it. Well, look from my experience, I view it more as a cosmetic drug when it comes to fullness from a point of view of muscle advancement and recovery drug personally. Yeah. All right. Well, try to get through a couple more. But guys, Dave doesn't feel well today. He's really doing a good job. In fact, I would like everybody at home right now. Let's all give Dave a nice little round of applause for doing such a good job even though he doesn't feel good today. That's sarcastic shit back in the mouth. It's the British humor that I, that sarcasm that you enjoy. That's how we connect, Dave. No, it's my mutual hatred for you. Your mutual hatred for me. Well, you hate yourself, obviously. Oh, you look, well, you do. Oh, oh. All right. We'll just try to get through a couple more. We won't be able to get through them all guys. I'm sorry about that. But we try. All right, 26 years old, I'm on cycle for more than a year. I've done two crore cruises and in November, I plan to make a bodybuilding show. Make a bodybuilding show after my coach tells me to do a PCT for like three months. Now, my question is, it better to do a PCT or to TRT because I'm afraid if the PCT and after three months hoping on again means hopping on again. Let's see, the cycle is going to crush my natural test. Anyway. If he's committed long term cycle in which it sounds like he is, then yeah, and the amount of time is already spent on then the PCT might not be viable and all depends on what he's planning to do post PCT. If he's going to spend some time off, yeah, fine. If you're just going to jump straight back on, then it seems to be a little bit of a pointless exercise. As long as he's willing to accept the downstream potential problems with possible facility and stuff like that, as long as you got your head around that stuff then crack on. We're getting some rounds of applause in the stream for Dave by the way. Thank you. There we go. All right, question for the next episode, running T-ball at 40 milligrams, YK 11 at 10 milligrams, starting to feel some blow digestive strain and lower back pumps in training, but feels like I'm definitely growing. Do I keep pushing through if so? What do I do to ease the lower back pumps? Thanks. I wouldn't have thought you'd be getting lower back pumps from T-Poll and YK. So I would look at stretching, make sure you haven't started tying up in your lower posterior chain. Because with that increase in strength and size, you might find things there are tiny, nope. So I'd definitely introduce some stretch in, make sure your hydration is on point. You could add some touring, but a bit surprised that that being an issue with what you're doing. Yeah. What's this square thing after the clubs? So it's just the way it's showing up that's sort of defined what color the hands are supposed to be. So watch on the stream. See, it looks like that. It's just like a little bit of a flaw. Yeah. That's the way it. Best way to come off T-RT plus. Stop it. Just stop. Yeah. You're not able to say, but I'll just type probably some office own natural half-life, so just stop it. We don't really get into this kind of thing. We've never done a show like this. For the next episode, what do you guys think are the fake natties cycles that are trending? Didn't know anybody was trending. Is there people trending? Yeah, I don't know about fake natties cycles. Man, that's like a topic that we've never been like, guys, today we're going to expose some fake natties. On the next episode of drugs and stuff, we're going to expose fake natties. He's the biggest fake nattie in the industry. He's been lying. You thought that he was natural. He's been on all this gear. Dave, when I look at him, I can tell that he is definitely using a hundred trend every other day. Five units of growth. There's no question judging off his vast clarity. Here's a picture of him six months ago. Here's a picture of him not. Did I do a good job? Does that what it kind of sounds like? How long have you been wanting to do that? That was really natural, wasn't it? We should be. I found my calling, Dave. I see to be a pent up release, that young man. And the worst thing is he's been lying to all of us the whole time. What you telling me that something on social media is not true. And you know what man, that the scam of body building to the public has been in existence since forever. Go back to like, do it. It's hold on. I've got some old Iron Man magazines here. We could scroll back in these. Let's turn to the back pages. Oh, you see like what kind of ab trainers we can find. You don't go last massive arms in six weeks and I bought my book. Oh, actually there's muscle videos here of like Arnold and Franco 30 minutes long, $59 full color. If I were to send a check to Wayne Goulash, Wayne Goulash, okay. If I were to send a check to him right now, do you think he would send me back that, I don't even know what's a VHS. Oh, no, these are just photos. No, that's a video. Yeah, but you know what I'm saying, you're like, you go back in time, man, and it's always been there. There've been, you know, even like Jack Lillane had like, you know, like, if you want to, here's an ab cruncher, or you know, here's a, here's a, you know, a cruncher that's going to build your packs and like, I didn't use that stuff. I'm going to say a word. What's that? Sybeginetics. Sybeginetics. Sybeginetics, sorry. Do you remember them? Oh, yeah. Do you remember the apps? Yeah, we did a whole show on it once. Me and I run into us. They went as so much money for that program too, didn't they? Our program was mental. Train it three, a clock in a morning, having not eaten for 74 days. Ha ha ha. And take all these different vitamins. Oh, yeah, it was mad. This is what the pros are really doing guys. And then you have these pictures of a guy that was like, fat, middle-aged, and next one was a guy that was 27 years old and light. Right. Two hundred eighty pounds shredded. Yeah. Yeah. I'd always been there, you know, it's always been there. All right. I think that's got to be as good a place as ever to end this thing. Um, do you have any Uncle Dave's wisdom for us? Dave? I'd co-act. You didn't you mention him earlier today? Yeah. I don't even have a coherent sentence to the. So, by the way, shout out to Matt Marshall. He sent me these for my birthday one year. I was very sweet of him. Did you know by the way, Dave, my birthdays coming up. I told you last week, you told me you were going to send me an autograph picture of you going like this. I've been checking my mail every day. It's my birthday Saturday. So, I'll be back with the official. Thank you. I'll be waiting for my picture. Do you have pensions like state pensions in America? Pensions? Yeah. You mean like when you get older and you retire kind of thing? Yeah, so we have a state pension age, which means after certain age you can claim a pension from the state. Yeah. You must be too for that now. I got a couple years left. We got a couple years before I can start collecting a pension. Yeah. I'll be 48. No, 49. I'll be 49. I'm getting up there, Dave. Did you know that? Did you know how old I was? Yeah, 58. 57. No, 58. And you're going to be 59 on Saturday. Oh, everybody has said 57. Now you want to know something really terrible that my wife did to me. She, I had my numbers wrong, Dave. You know you're at a certain point. You start forgetting. How old you are? The long time ago, mate. So when I turned 46, she was like, no, when I turned 46 and I turned 47, she was like, no, you're 48. And I was like, no, I'm 47. She was like, no, you know, 76. You know, the math. She was like, you're 48. And I was like, oh God, I'm 48. And I didn't bother actually figuring it out. And so for the whole year, I was like, God, man, I feel like I don't even remember being like the last year, just blew by. How did I get, you know what I mean? It's like, I'm going to be 49 next year. This is crazy. Like, I just, I was losing time. And then my birthday rolled around and I counted it back. And I was like, wait a minute. I've been 47 this whole time. But now I really am 48. And I am going to be 49, man. It feels old Dave. Not long, man. Yeah, I know man. No, no. Yeah. Anyway, you got a big five of it. Goes down, Ale. Oh, it already went downhill, man. When I got the bug, like, that was my, you know, and I had a midlife crisis when I was like 23. So I'm already, you know, Hey, listen, what would be your Uncle Dave's wisdom for me? As a guy who, I'm no longer a strapping young man. I'm getting to be an old man, Dave. Okay. But I'm not, I'm not out of the game yet. Give up. Okay. That's your advice. Give up. Give up. And do what? What would you do? Just give up. And he's not with me. You're just, just give up. Well, I appreciate you. Stop trying. It really isn't with it anymore. I'm glad that you could make it to the show, even though you're here today. Oh, today. Age is butto number and I did have dreams of retirement and all sorts of things. And I've come to realize that actually if I do that, it will mean an early, unaliving. Yeah. And being productive is probably more valuable. And I don't think you have to work, but being productive is I think a core value is a human being that we need. Yeah. And I think when we're not productive, our mental health and our physical health declines very very rapidly. And when you look at some of the oldies, sort of, living people and, and there's certain towns of Italy to try out the world, there's a couple in Japan and there's so many other countries as well. They have a community spirit where even though they don't work in a sense of go to a paid job, they're productive. They're productive with community projects, they're productive would be an active and doing things. And yeah, I think as a human as one of the basic needs, as our species has, is that you need to be productive if you need to create. Yeah. You need to have to be a purpose. Yeah, you do, but I think it also needs to have a sense of purpose that is visually measurable. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, I'm not saying you have to make an item, but I do think it needs to be something that needs to be visually measurable that you can see progress. With, I think when you don't see progress, the things he gets so destroyed. Yeah, I got to make an item. I have a neighbor. We walk the dog every day. Someone's, you try to do twice a day. We got away from him a little bit when it was really hot out, but we're back to getting to normal with it. There's a guy who lives to block over and he just, like, does his yard picks the weeds all day long. Like, he just got the most perfect yard. Like, I think that that's his purpose. Now, he's very old. You know, he's quite old, right? But his yard, he's got not a single weed in it. I doubt he uses, like, any kind of chemicals on it or an, you know what I mean? He's just like, just, no, I think, as you get older, your ability, your limitations become greater. Yeah. But if you stay productive in some way, no matter what it is, that you will have a much more fulfilling, unhappy life. I do think productivity is a key to happiness. Well, I'm happy with my life. I'm happy with what I get to do. Honestly, man, like, this is fun to me. Getting to hang out with you and do this show. I enjoy doing this plus we get to help other people and hopefully, like, give them a lift. We have laughs and we try to make it entertaining, but hopefully, we do help people stay safer, you know, at the end of the day. And reach their goals more effectively. There's a lot of BS out there, you know? Oh, loads. But BS is popular. True, it's not always there. It never has been never will be. The truth is always much less fun, even you want it to be. Much less basic than you want to be. And we always have that core value of hard work. Yeah. And that's the bit that people almost sometimes spend the lifestyle trying to avoid. And it's like, don't just give into it, get your adult, get it done. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in. If you're new here, we'd love to have you along for all of our stuff. Hit the subscribe button, hit the bell. And if you've made it this far, what should they tell us, Dave? Tell them to tell us, tell us a word, commoner word in the comments. Cooper, super car, a fraudulently stink ex-be-allidosis. You can see if you can get that right. And of course, we talked to Dave for coaching. You can hit me up at Big Naly, Dyes at gmail.com. I've got Dave's Instagram link below. You can hit him up over there. Of course, Strom Sports Nutrition. I've got links to both the US and the UK and the description. We've got True Nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there, get 10% off on all your basic body building house supplements or body building supplements and Supplements or stats EA. We'll make sure that we tackle Patreon questions on the next show. And Dave, for another episode of the podcast, I'll see you soon. Thank you for joining us. I might have survived until next week. I'm not long left now.