wonder he's getting shredded like crazy and he's dropping weight so fast. Where we have to be careful is the evidence is quite strong that if you already have a metabolic dysfunction or you're overweight. Basically saying if you're dead, he's warning is you personally. This is what works for you. If you have an already been in a diet at stake. And at least now he's making some. It's okay. Basically what is the actual metabolic is what I have said in in defense of skip loading for a long time. What's that? The average diet of the average person when they eat process carbs they get fat because they're not insulin sensitive. They are not putting demands on the body that require the use of those carbohydrates as fuel. Yeah. We are. And because we are, that's why post workout serial is so beneficial. But if you're not training and you're just the average person and you eat serial once a day, a large bowl of serial, you're not going to get leaner and it's not going to help you recover from a workout and build muscles. So ultimately, he's not saying anything. He's he's right. Yeah. But he's not saying anything. There are no profundities there. Okay. He's explaining, I don't know that he's trying to be profound. That's not what I'm saying. Oh, yeah. This is just, I think he's explaining it. He's been said for a long time. To the mainstream audience of four millions of subscribers. You know? Yep. Actually get the beneficial part. What's up guys? And back with skip, we're going to do a little bit of a reaction here. This is just for fun. Somebody commented in the Facebook group, skip, saying like, there's this new sugar loading. Have you heard of this? It's like sugar, sugar loading or sugar diet? You hear anything about this? Okay. What we're going to find out. It's basically we're doing a reaction to a reaction to Mark Bell doing this sugar load. Okay. And I think this is actually better than us actually watching the Mark Bell video. Because this guy's giving us insight into Mark Bell and what he's doing versus just, you'll see it. I'm saying, I watched like the first two minutes. And then I thought, you know, skip is the creator of skip loading. Which, I mean, it's not just clean food, right? So I want to see how different is this. So that's not really not enough. Well, we'll see you, man. I mean, I don't think you do a little sugar, do you? It just depends on what it looks. I mean, it's like table sugar, can you? We'll see. We'll see. All right, you ready for this? Mm-hmm. All right. Sugar a day. This is my breakfast. We had some sour patch kids, starburst, jelly beans, eight ounces of apple juice, literal sugar, like sour patch kids from breakfast, has Mark Bell lost his mind. Like, what is going on? Now, if you were to look at him even a year ago, the guy is a very low-carb high-fat approach type of guy. And he's drop and followers like mad because he's doing this sugar fasting and the sugar diet. Another guy, Cole Robinson, who was kind of doing a snake diet before. The snake guy. He's been talking about doing this sugar diet. This sounds good. Cole Robinson. And it is a little crazy. But there's a couple really, really, really important caveats to know with what's going on here with Mark. And before anyone just jumps in and does, like, he's doing, or before anybody jumps in and completely discounts what he's doing, should probably understand that there is a logical reason and an actual, like, real scientific reason behind why he's doing, what he's doing. There is a messenger molecule in the body that's called FGF21. And that's what he's leveraging. And that's what the whole sugar fasting thing can leverage. But a couple quick things to note, you have to be in a deficit. Fat has to be tremendously low. And you have to be able to consume enough to keep on elevating and sort of revving up this messenger molecule FGF21. So we'll break it down a little bit more. In case people actually do want to do this, I want to make sure it's the right people doing it and people doing it right. And this isn't mean necessarily condoning it. I just know that this exists. And it's a real thing. And he's not just completely lost as mine and gone office rocker. Marks a Kuku guy. He's my buddy. He's one of my best friends. So I haven't heard, I haven't figured this out yet. Is he just, it sounds like he's doing it. Am I right? Skip, it sounds like it's just one day, like a one day load thing. It sounds like in the music. I mean, what do you guess here? He's doing low carbs otherwise. I'm sure he's going to tell us. Yeah. I mean, the fact that he's in a deficit and everything else. I mean, it sounds like he's loading to some degree. But I don't think that he's been clear yet. OK. I didn't know if it was just me missing it or something. All right. And he's totally low-co. But I respect his ability to experiment with different things. Especially when you see how shredded he's getting with us. It's actually working. So what's the reason behind it? There's something very important to note here. Mark has done a low carb high fat diet for an immense amount of time, which means that his cellular machinery is very primed to dietary fat coming in. So what that means is that he's been feeding himself so much dietary fat. His cells are used to that. The moment that he drops that dietary fat down very low, his body is going to still be looking for it. He's going to be looking for fat. So what's he going to do? It's going to pull from what fat source he does have. And it's going to allow him to get very lean. Now, you can do this a couple of different ways. You can do this by just dropping your fats down and dropping your carbs down and doing what's called protein-sparing modified fasting or rabbit starvation, where you keep your protein high, or you can drop your fat very, very low, put yourself into a deficit and actually rev up a different part of the metabolism that leverages this FGF21. So FGF21 is a messenger molecule. And what happens is when you consume pure sucrose, not starches, but pure sucrose, like literal sugar, it activates this molecule and it actually revs up the metabolism significantly. There are multiple studies that demonstrate that when FGF21 is elevated, it ramps up energy expenditure. So it's kind of like, you ever see those people that just have them. Yeah, I'm kind of getting DNP fruit diet vibes here. I think there's probably a little bit of a connection. The guy's born the hell out of me, they know if he says messenger one more time. Or if he says leveraging one more time. I mean, basically what I see so far, and I'm not saying in any way that this is, you know, apricot ripping off the concept of skip look. When skip loading started, the traditional skip load was high carb, processed carbs because they're so fast and low fat. And the fact that it's candy, I mean, we have top trainers now saying the same thing. Top trainers who are putting Olympia, caliber guys, on stage, turning people pro. It's not uncommon. What is odd or different is that Mark has been so low carb high fat for so long. Yeah. That when this guy explains what he's doing, of course he's incredibly insulin sensitive. Yeah. So he's going to, you know, he's going to benefit to some degree from from these carbohydrates, but it's not going to be specifically to just sucrose. Yeah. You know, by the time the body gets it, it's converted to glucose anyway. No matter if it starts as a start or it starts as, you know, anything. And he just essentially going to hit the bloodstream as glucose and it's going to be stored and use where it needs to be. So you have someone who's been high fat low carb, arguably not very full from a glycogen standpoint and they switch their diet and he probably goes look better because all of a sudden he's going to be fuller. It's going to amp up the metabolism, but no more so than any other. Any other carbohydrate it could be rice. It could be candy. It would probably be a good easier to eat 1,000 grams of sugar than it would be like 1,000 grams of carbs from, you know, rice. It would be from a volume standpoint, but I got to tell you that a lot of people would not be able to stomach. Well, like if you just said, hey, you need to eat 1,000 grams of carbs from candy. Yeah. I know myself. I just switched to trying to get some crappy carbs in for my cheat meal. And I couldn't get through two cookies. Two decent sized cookies a lot of feeling like I was going to throw up and had to go back to toast with, you know, a little bit of butter and peanut butter, a cashew butter on it because it was just too much for my system because I wasn't used to it. And I wasn't no carb. Yeah. And I certainly wasn't high fat, no carb. I'm taking in plenty of carbs. So it, or I tell you what it is. Yeah. In my opinion, it's just, it's, it's no one's reinventing the wheel here. I didn't either with skip loading. I had a method that I had kind of, I don't want to say, repackaged, but packaged in the skip loading box and changed some things and came up with a protocol that people could follow and, and it would work. And, and it sounds like it's essentially the same type of protocol that Mark is using, but it's more specific to sugar. Because the other thing at the end of the day, yeah, okay. Some people argue, all candies not that healthy and there's a bunch of crap in there. But the body really only knows that that is carbohydrate. Let me see what else you said. I want to hear more of this. Okay. Tons and tons and tons of sugar and they say skinny. Well, sometimes you have a genetic predisposition to actually increase FGF 21 even more. As a matter of fact, one, you are fast. FF 21. Can we get the way into a longer fast? It's a big start. Increasing FGF 21. And all of a sudden, your energy expenditure can go up a little bit during a fast. Now, what happens is you not only get an increase in energy expenditure, but you get an increase in uncoupling. So, energy will actually just dissipate out of the mitochondria as heat. Now, this is not the old school like eat more to rev it in metabolism. This is a completely different system. A you are basically turning a whole different flywheel here. Your ear is turning it. When you condoning it, how to amp up the metabolism and carbohydrate, it is very, very important piece that we need to know here. Journal of obesity and diabetes metabolism, published a paper that found that when people were overweight, obese or type 2 diabetic, their FGF 21 levels were very high. And the higher their VMI, the higher their FGF 21, what they were finding is that it was actually an indicator of metabolic distress. And the reason is is because when there is more out of host tissue or insulin resistance, the FGF 21 doesn't actually bind at the tissue level. So, you can produce it, but it's just gonna be producing on top of each other and stacking and stacking, stacking never actually get to the end result. Where Mark is different, is Mark is already lean and metabolically healthy. So, he can do this FGF 21 sugar diet thing. And it's actually gonna kick him into another gear. He didn't know he even had. So, no wonder he's getting shredded like crazy and he's dropping weight so fast, where we have to be careful is the evidence is quite strong that if you already have a metabolic dysfunction, or you're overweight. Basically saying if your fat is not really he's wearing his beard. And the reason is because you're going to be stacking energy into what I never actually have. He gets an result making you so if you can get a grass we want to be actually metabolic. Is what I have said in defensive skip loading for a long time. What's that? The average diet of the average person when they eat processed carbs, they get fat because they're not insulin sensitive. They are not putting demands on the body that require the use of those carbohydrates as fuel. Yeah. And because we are, that's why post workout cereal is so beneficial. But if you're not training and you're just the average person and you eat cereal once a day, a large bowl cereal, you're not gonna get leaner and it's not gonna help you recover from a workout and build muscles. So, ultimately, he's not saying anything. He's right, but he's not saying anything. There are no profundities there. Okay. He's explaining, I don't know that he's trying to be profound. That's not what I'm saying. Oh, yeah. This is just, I think he's explaining it. He's saying it for a long time. To the mainstream audience. He's mainstream audience. So four million subscribers, you know? Yeah. Actually get the beneficial part. So what you would want to do is you'd want to do a period of fasting for maybe a few weeks first, like every other day or something before you would ride this approach, right? Right. I mean, doing it every day is a time where you are glycogen depleted. Okay. He doesn't mean that you have to be zero or zero carb. And I've said this, there are guys who can take in three or 400 grams carbs a day and be glycogen depleted and benefit from this type of dieting or skip load. Yeah. You don't have to, and that's where the misconception for skip loading always seems to come back to the service. It has to be keto or it has to be zero carb. No. I mean, those things would be good to get you their faster if you needed it, right? But absolutely, they can be used, but it's not a prerequisite. If you're going, which means they're going to preserve muscle, the problem is they also are pro fat storage. So in the case of Mark, what he's doing, he needs to keep sugar super super, super high. He needs to keep fat ridiculously low. And he can also keep protein ridiculously low. So that he gets the main benefit of pure sugar. But he is consuming so much throughout the day that he's having an anti-cathabolic effect. Sure. It's the most glorious way to really preserve muscle is just by using carbs, because you have to consistently feed them. But again, this is what Mark does. He just experiments on himself and tries these things, which is what I explain when people are type two diabetic or obese, also increases with age. So for a number of reasons, the tissue becomes less receptive to FGF21. And it's one of the reasons why when you're young, it has less to do with your metabolism being fast. And more to be with the fact that you can be more receptive to FGF21. You can eat more sugar and it's going to have more of an effect on actually giving you energy. Whereas, when you consume sugar when you're older, yeah, I would ask you about that. That's a good assumption. It's just a misconception. It has to do with this after you've seen one thing. So as you get older, you're taking in a lot of carbohydrates and that increases your insulin levels. That if there's fat in there, that fat will be stored as fat that's silly. It's just a, it's not silly. It's just a, it's just a misconception. It's just, it's not true. You would have to be in a surplus at that point because the muscle will still store triglyceride. Now, it won't store it anywhere near the capacity that it will glycogen. Sure. But it will still store it. So it's, it's misunderstood in the sense that that's where we have come across the industry. Has gotten this idea that if you're using insulin or you're taking in high carb meals to replenish glycogen and if there's any fat in there that it's going to be stored as body fat and that is just not true unless there's a surplus. And I give in example. I mean, I go right now in prep progressing crazy right now. Yeah. Five meals, five or six meals, it's straight high carb moderate protein, very low fat and my last meal is arguably moderate carb and relatively high fat. Okay. Like butter on toast, then cover the butter with cashew butter. It's things like cheat foods like a gourmet cookie. Yeah. Those aren't, you know, and the guy was showing, he's talking about high sugar low fat foods that aren't choosing but he's, she's picking up candy bars. So you have to be more specific, skittles and things like that. Yeah, those are just basically, you know, sour patch kids, though, or sour patch candies, whatever they're held, how they're called. Those are just high sugar low fat. Yeah, candy bars. That's some of the junk that he's showing is counter to what he's saying because it's also high fat. It's a high-dissom guy or he doesn't edit his own videos. He's got a guy doing that, I'm sure. You know, it four million subscribers. So that guy didn't know. And the other thing, too, is like you said, you're to do it. And I've done this last week, you from a condition standpoint and from a response standpoint, it can be garbage food. It can be unhealthy food. Yeah. But at the end of the day, one of the things that I changed over the years was I thought to myself, well, okay, I was young. I could get away with it. I didn't really care about the fact that it was on how that just cared about whether I was leaner or bigger. Yeah. As I've aged, then I thought, wait a minute, we can do this same thing by taking in healthier foods without all the added chemicals and dyes and crap that goes into this food. True. Even if it's as silly as getting or as simple as getting a cookie from, you know, Mamma New York that is organic and no preservatives and things like that. And is incredibly decadent and awesome cookie as an example. But, or you can shove your face full of orials that just has a bunch of garbage and the response from a condition standpoint will be the same. You were with me until you started trashing orials. That's where you were. That's where you were. Let's hear this last thing he has to say here. He said one more point he said. I think that's important to note is that Mark has shifted his training to a little more lifting and more sprinting. And part of it is a demand driven process because he's consuming so much in the way of the sugar. It's driving him to want to do that. Keep in mind, if this is his job, right? So for him to consume sugar and be like, I'm going to go and sprint and I'm going to have a longer, more intense anaerobic workout today. He can do that. So where I want people to be cautious is if you're someone that's metabolically on the fence, you're your kind of healthy kind of not, you work a desk job. This might not be the approach for you. You might be a better off just doing more of a traditional water fast than this sugar fast kind of thing. But it's very important that I put this information out there because I don't think that Mark is doing any kind of dangerous. Mark is doing something that we work very well. He's actually putting a solid point. And a lot of it is that he's like he's doing this community service for everybody. It's so selfless. And again, he just is touching on the fact that Mark has switched to more of an anaerobic type training. Yeah. No kidding. Because now he has glycogenes as main fuel source. He can do it. Of course. So you're going to be, you're going to want to replenish the glycogen, then you're going to want to deplete it with the training, then you're going to want to replenish the glycogen with the carbs, the candy, the crap. Yeah. And just it's a constant cycle. So is he right? Yes, he's right. Is he repackaging or say him? Is this guy explaining how Mark is repackaging essentially what we have been doing, not just with skip loading, but with other methods in prep for the last 15 plus years? Yes, it's all the same. Yeah. Yeah, I could see that. I just thought it'd be fun. Like I said, one of our listeners pointing that out. He was like, hey, is this any, how was this different? This sugar loading? And so from there, I saw this video and then I saw a trend, not trend, a trend with a D of there being other videos about sugar loading. So I think that it might be a new topic that's happening right now. Yeah, a trend that makes sense, man. And at the end of the day, I think it sounds like it would work really well on the main stream, because who doesn't want to hear that they can do a diet where the eat skills, or Starburst all day long, right? And the average person can. He is wrong about that. The desk guy, if he wants to go out and start weight training and doing anaerobic exercise, the depletes glycogen, then he can do that type of sugar. Well, or skip low. Not tomorrow. He can't just much tomorrow. But he can relatively quickly. How long would you say? And I know that that's a, you know, not a bit of a week. OK. Yeah. Depending on obviously the level of commitment and whether it's going to continue to be consistent and structured, it is those two weeks. I have guys and if had guys start prep, it's not common, but it still will happen. Yeah. I think a one client in particular, because he stands out, he would always come to me, it'll roughly a hundred pounds overstage weight. And we knew it within 10 days to two weeks' top. So he could start his skip lowening. OK. And people would argue, oh, no, he's too fat. He's going to be, he's not insensitive enough. He's not going to benefit from that. And yet he would. And he did. And he would hit the stage and look insane. Hell. Yeah. Listen, I wasn't sure how this topic was going to go on, honestly. I was like, because I only saw the first couple minutes. And I got the premise for it. And then when we started watching it, like, you didn't have anything to say for it. And we had like that long block of nobody talking. And I was like, oh, shit. Is this going to bomb? But I just turned out really good, man. With that messenger thing. And yeah. And of course, as soon as you label it, it was something that's like, ooh, that's, I didn't know anything about, I mean, I still don't. I don't know exactly what that messenger hormone is. But I'll tell you this. He just explained why 20 years ago, I could and explain what the mechanism was that caused skip loading to have that impact, the high car. Because if you do the math, it doesn't math. If you do the coloric math, and you say, oh, you took in this amount of calories on this day, and you average off those calories over a week, you can't lose body fat. That's why it's not a mathematical coloric issue, black and white, at the end of the day. It's not. It's the impact of the timing of those calories over time and that cyclical change. Even my 15, what, 14, 1500 grams of carbs every six days now. And I'm losing sometimes two, two and a half pounds. It's coming off arguably, I don't wanna say too fast, but close. Yeah. And I'm not on people would think, oh yeah, your carbs must be in the basement and your calories must be low. No, and that's not counting the fat in my last cheat meal. Where I'm loading up butter, I'm toast with cash you butter. Yeah. Well, there's a lot of calories. I mean, there are times where I guarantee, I would bet that my last cheat meal on my last low day, plus the cheat meal, I mean, it was probably seven thousand calories. And if the scale is going down. Do the math. It's not there. It doesn't math. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in, go to teamskip.com, reach out to skip for coaching, hit me up McNallydites at jmail.com. And of course, trinutrition.com user could think over there, supplementsourst.ca for Canadian security, for which from Patreon and hey, if you're new to our content, and you like what we do, maybe you just saw this as the first time you saw us, if you wanna see more, we do podcast, come out each week. Skip and I do blood sweat and gear that comes out every Friday. So be sure to tune into that and subscribe and hit the bell. For a lot of long time people that haven't hit the bell, guys, it need to hit the bell. You know what, it's the only way you'll know that we put new stuff out, guys. For another episode here of Blood Sweat and Gear reactions, I don't know what do we call this. We'll see you soon. Sounds good. Yeah, we'll take it. All right, and we appreciate you guys in the livestream. We had a bunch of stuff here that we were trying to power through. Interesting, I didn't get a chance to get to some questions we had in the stream, but just to mention you guys, Rob says, have you seen the latest research on BPC-57 drastically helping heart failure issues? Very interesting. I have not, but I had heard about TB 500 and had a friend who had a major heart issue after catching a virus on a cruise ship a few years ago. TB 500 was a huge benefit to him. So I'm not surprised at school. All right, we appreciate you guys. Thanks for tuning in. We'll see you soon. More I think about it. 7,000 is generous because five meals, 200 grams and protein, those are 1,000 apes.