his way of presenting his ideas is going to peel with someone who has an affinity for that type of a mindset. Who would like to know that they've got the answer? Because it's a very clarifying thing to have. I mean, anybody, especially now, who's just starting out and trying to figure out which way is up, how should I train? Who should I pay attention to, Charles Pollock-Winter or Mike Menser? The way that he's, even the way he says that and he's sort of, you know, what's Paulic and down, it's like, there's a cult of personality that some people are attracted to behind that way of behaving presenting your ideas. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. I've scouted McNeil and all of our programming is brought to you by be your own body building coach. Go to Scott's book, you can get it at Amazon, be your own body building coach, the hard cover, or you can go to be whyobccoach.com. You can get the ebook there. We are also brought to you by trunetrition.com. You can use our code, think, high quality through party test and supplements. I just picked up their creatin. I feel like it's a lost supplement that we all forgot about. I'm getting back on it. We're brought to you by Stromsports Nutrition for those of you in the UK and supplement source.ca for our Canadian followers. We've got some fun today, guys. I guess this is going to be like a reaction video, isn't it, Scott? Yeah, it is. We've got some Mike. That's maybe. Yes, well, kind of. But this is kind of like our opportunity to hang out with Scott Stevenson and listen to Mike Menser talk and get Scott's reflections on what Mike has to say. What are the things that you agree with? What are the things that you possibly think could be improved upon? Because nobody's perfect. Nobody's thoughts are perfect, but Mike Menser came up with a slew of great ideas and I think from there they've been evolved down. So I don't know, man. Should we start this video right from the beginning? Do you think or I think we could just probably dive into the middle of it or so? I don't think there's any specifics about what we need. So what was this was a speechy game at a university somewhere or something? Yeah, back right on this. I don't have any lecture. Yeah, just as full lecture. I don't have any background on what it actually is. So, especially to stimulate an adaptive response in the form of a muscle mass increase. Repeating tests that are well within your existing capacity do nothing to stimulate growth. If you can curl 100 pounds for 10 reps and all you ever try is 10, body has no reason to grow. You have to attempt tasks that are beyond your existing capacity. That's what stimulates growth. And of course, how does the body building orthodoxy and exercise science have you trained? Not to fail, you're oh no, there's something apocalyptic, right in your diet. Don't train to failure. You might throw a third eyeball or hair on your body. So, you're not there. Don't train to fail. So, there's an interesting notion here. And I agree with what he's saying, but the context that's important because he's kind of getting into a volume training, where you wouldn't go to failure versus training to failure. And attempting to do something that you're incapable of doing. It's almost paradoxical, really. You're trying to do something you've never done before, but if you do it, you're capable of doing it. So maybe you're shooting for 13 reps. You've only done 10 and you only get 11 or 12. That makes sense. Psychologically, for some people, depending on how well they do with setting up goals. Because if you set in your mind's eye that you're going to get 14 reps and you do that repeatedly, then you're never actually achieving what you set out to. You don't have victories. The Jordan pops into my head because I just saw a couple of videos that he's been popping up and I liked them, of course, where he's setting PRs, he's got numbers and he gets his numbers and powerletters this all the time to get their numbers. That's the whole point. So the other thing that you can counter, like, of course, Mike's out here to engage in conversation with which would be awesome, is that also you can, if you do repeated efforts, each of which is within your capability. And of course, if you do them, then it's within your capability. That the stress constitutes an overload. It's just in that little clip that I saw and I'm tossing in because it's the point of this reaction of the impossing in my thoughts as I listen, thinking like, what's you going to get to next is if you provide a stimulus that could then be a volume overload so to speak. So if you've only ever done five sets with what we'll use the reps and reserve terminology, do you not go into failure? And now you increase the volume, the summary of that can also constitute an overload of sorts because it's a stimulus that your body is not or your muscle or the muscle your training has not been created to expose to. So that he hasn't said that maybe he's going to get to that. I don't think that that's where he's going to this, probably just not having an idea of what we're administered as what his perspective is. And I agree with that in large part, but you have a sliding ceiling terms of number of sets. And then you have a sliding scale in terms of effort level. And for some people, one rep shy of failure or zero reps in reserve could be plenty of not set to go to failure. And those things are inversely related to one another as to how you can combine those in the context of creating your training stimulus. Yeah, yeah, that's what your F-Shive failure versus five sets of failure. What works best for one person might work better for another less well for another person, vice versa. And I've noticed in my own training, you know, before I had gotten sick a couple of years ago and that kind of changed everything for me, my ability to get closer to failure and get a lot out of that was completely different than it is today. So today, I'm leaning more into volume in order to make up for the fact that I can't. My sliding scale is shifted whereas it was very, very low volume, very high intensity. Now it's kind of gone the opposite direction in order to still be able to do what I love. You know, it's what it comes down to. Yeah. Yeah. There's quality of effort and quantity of effort and you can provide overload to certain green in both of those ways. Hmm. So, and there's more to that in your wants, but let's let Mike talk for a bit. Yeah. Brandt will grow up. Well, you're a dangerous well, Brian Johnson and I in a bunch of 10, at least 10s of thousands of others in the world have been training to failure for 20 years and never bothered me. There's nothing wrong with training to failure. You have to train to failure to stimulate a strength and sizing freeze. Again, this is the point repeating tasks. Pause pause there. T a a a a. Yeah. So we can, I mean, now it's like I can't pick on Mike time, but a lot of a lot of the best, the strongest people in the world power lifters who soul purpose is strength, avoid failure intentionally. And don't try it. So you like that statement in of itself that you have to train to failure for strength gains is like there's there's plenty of evidence against that. So that's that's not a completely true statement. Okay. Do think though that the further along you get in terms of your training, if you're effort levels, what are the things that happens with training, one of the adaptations you have is that you're able to train harder. Yeah. There are things that happen, there are physiological adaptations, there must go adaptations, there's also psychological adaptations. So if at some point in time you're not pushing yourself psychologically and training harder to harder, which means you're going to come closer to an actual failure rep would be, I think your gains are going to come to a halt unless you continue to push in that dimension as well. So if we're size, some way of training hard or some degree of effort is going to have to increase according to the law of diminishing terms, your diminishing returns over time. Yeah. So coming closer to failure is one way that that can happen. Or if you take up or it's a great example, people go and this happen to fill teeth when I think he trained with him for the first time ever back in the day. And so his guy named, who was, kind of, Cynthia, who's a German guy who has done some videos now with with Jay and Jay still training his out in Vegas. He's trained at the Dragon Slayer, at least he was there this one day. And it was like, I'm God, I just keeping up with Jay is tough. So and this is like right before he's got it from her show, but that was an overload because Jay trains with surely sure restorinals. So effort level is that other thing, closer to failure is one way you can sort of quantify objectively to effort level. So anyway before we get too far into it, I'll throw this question up that Scottie Devon port had. I said, what you guys say that volume is more improving neurological ability or skill in the movement perhaps the mind muscle connection than breaking down the muscle and building muscle. The way I see it is maximum intensity equals muscle growth and volume equals skill. So there's purpose for both and they aren't the same thing. To leave that up don't don't. Yeah, with it. There's going to be a neurological or psychological component. To adapt into any type of training to some degree. Being able to handle more volume is going to be without it out is going to be a function of some degree. It depends on what kind of exercise you're doing. What you're doing like large muscle mass stuff, there's going to be some cardiovascular component. And there's going to be a very important physiological component in terms of muscle endurance capacity. So adaptations in the muscle cells themselves shifts in myociniciforms, increases in buffering capacity, increases in mitochondrial content. So you see this if you look across some of the studies where they examine muscle hypertrophy. Sometimes you see a delusion of the mitochondrial content. So the muscles got bigger in the mitochondrial content and change. Sometimes you see high mitochondrial content. In the individual's who tend to train with higher volume, there was a kind of a classic study that will cram or did many, many moons ago and they took power lifters and bodybuilders and they ran them through a high volume training regime. And this is like a kind of a classic piece of information that kind of gets it what Scotty's saying there. And those power lifters got destroyed because they weren't used to that. They're lactic acid levels or higher. They're performance dropped off, rep by rep. They just weren't able to hang with the type of training the bodybuilders had already been doing. But what you see in power lifters is they don't tend some of them do because they've just got that genetic facility. But they're not trying to get as big as bodybuilders. Bodybuilders are trying to gain muscle size. Power lifters are just trying to be as strong as possible. So you don't see a lot of power lifters who have definitely a muscle hypertrophy. But their strength is tremendously better than that of some bodybuilders. With obviously exceptions, staying after being Johnny Jackson, that's sort of a funny home. But you look at like there was the classic Fred Hatfield versus Tom Platt squat off. Yeah. Right. Remember that? And Hat felt he was pretty, a thousand pounds squat and I think he's squatting. Like 800 something pounds maybe at that particular thing. And then they, and I think Tom swatted like a couple hundred less than that. I can't remember even what his max was. But then they dropped down to that 500 pounds squat. You won the clattiness that video that is just never gets old watching. And Tom is bangs out 23 reps with 495 or 500. And like I think Hatfield got like 10 something like that. We got destroyed. So he had tremendous neurological adaptations to strength. But he didn't have the muscular endurance. So if you're looking, if you're thinking terms of muscle mass, obviously Tom's legs were much bigger. Yeah. He had more muscle mass to engage in a squat. But Hatfield was, had, had, had a much stronger squat. That's because he was able neurologically to do that lift, activate that muscle, coordinate the contraction. He also was probably squatting with a low bar so he had a biomechanic advantage and that sort of thing. But he had trained neurologically that skill to, to squat really, really heavy. And then when he went down and weight, he still would have that skill ability, right? He still is, is literally still would have that improved efficiency in terms of doing the concentric work with limit amount of muscle mass. Just trying to do more reps with a lighter weight and he got destroyed by Tom. And that was, and the argument I think could be made and substantiated. That's probably because Tom plaques, what you see in many bodybuilders, especially in the older studies, probably had a lot of type one fibers. Yeah. That maybe, maybe, or smaller in size, that had a good deal of mitochondria. See, and Tom was known for incredible muscle endurance, right? So that's, he had muscle, high-perchity, that was associated with that adaptation in the muscle that included the muscle endurance. So that was not a neurological thing. The Tom, Hatfield had the neurological adaptation. But he, he didn't have the, he had, but he had more of a muscle and Hatfield, I know this from, it hurt at various places, but I know this from a guy, Rock Gullix and was named as a strength coach, he was the Texas when I was there. And he competed a couple times with Hatfield and Hatfield, he was just smoke backstage, like behind behind the curtain or he got out to spot because he was totally addicted to cigarettes. Wow. Right? No kidding. Yeah, he was literally smoke. But it doesn't matter. You're just doing, like, he's under the, you know, 10 seconds. You get up, get set up, do the thing. It's not like he's going to run out of oxygen in those 10 seconds. Yeah. But that was probably one of the things that limited to for that squad. He probably got to wear like, holy shit. You gasped out, you know, after six reps. Yeah. Yeah. Right? So there's neurological and you can't really separate them out, but I would, I would think that volume is going to be a matter more. Some of it's psychological, which is persevering to that, but more a matter of, especially if you do that, the adaptation that you're going to see, especially in someone who's got a really strong mindset anyway, is as they get better if they've never trained that way, that's going to be a physiological, not really a neurological adaptation. There can be some neurological shifts in activation patterns and synchronization, etc, etc. But I would, I would wager more kind of in the opposite of what's, what's got he saying there, but there's truth to what he says too, because it's not one of the other. It's not black or white. Like most of the most things about he building, that makes sense. Yes, K.S. Repeating tests that are well within your existing capacity, do nothing to stimulate, because you can already do it. Your body already has the capacity to curl a hundred pounds for ten reps. It's only when you try that impossible 11th rep that you stress the existing capacity, you stress or endanger the existing reserve, and the body seeks to protect the reserve by enlarging upon its existing capacity so that no longer will that 11th rep seem like a threat. Did you follow that? Okay, thank you. I could leave right now, I feel some filled. Carrying a set to the point where you are forward. Can you use a lot of time to do it myself? Yeah, yes. Sorry. I was, I've muted accidentally. Um, yeah, so I wonder, I would be interesting to see, it's rather than just digging in and kind of dissecting his come. You'd be interested to see what he would think about some of the higher rep studies that we now have substantial evidence for, you know, like the current state of the research. I know that I forgot the sense that he was more of, um, you know, more of a logical thinker on, on, on Rand and because how you say your name, and Rand, and Rand, um, he used to quote for her very things. I don't think he actually read the exercise science. It was available at that time. Okay. He just sort of thought through these things logically. Yeah. But I mean, should I see what he thought of the studies? And there are flaws there, of course, or issues, and that most of them are with newbies, not with trained individuals. Hmm. Of the higher reps, you know, 30, 40, 50% of one ret max versus 80% of the one ret max training, and you get equal growth. Hmm. So there's, there's something there. Um, and if he would, what he would say to the fact that what happens if he trained light and then take things to failure. Yeah. Guessing he would probably say it's, it's bringing things close to failure, at least with that volume. I'm doing, um, I'm only some, this one get out in time, but probably about when you're, we probably just after, um, you get this or just before you get this, this video out on YouTube. I'm doing a talk up in Tampa. Um, the, uh, excellence cartel. It's the PEC 7. Wow. What they call it's P.C. Something excellent cartel. Yeah. And my talk is on unraveling the mystery of volume sets, wraps or something like that. Okay. Exactly what I titled it. But it's about sort of trying to figure out what the heck is going on here in terms of muscle growth and hypertrophy, um, because you've got these studies, which is, we think of this. You've got these studies like shown field studies, there's also other studies that are short term studies, where there's massive amounts of volume that the subjects were able to undergo. One of them was, um, twice a week, um, eight sets of, in the highest volume group. And there was no sign at this volume, um, level or this, this condition. There was, there was still greater hypertrophy than at the, at the lower volume level and the, and the, even lowest level volume level. And that, and that the higher volume level training, the training was twice a week, eight sets of knee extensions to failure and eight sets of squats to failure. Okay. Imagine, like, regardless, at any time, that's your peak whenever you are the healthiest and strongest and most able to recover going in on mundane doing 12 sets and eight sets of knee extension to failure. And then eight sets of squats are feeling coming back and doing that again on a Thursday and doing that for 12 weeks. That's a lot. Yeah, that's a lot. And what did you say? Did you think of that? It was that they found a grocery response that that wasn't inverted you. So I came up and rejected the numbers, but, um, that was the highest volume and the other, the, the, the next, that was 16 sets for the for the quads and I think the next lowest was maybe 12 and then six. I think like that. Yeah. Or maybe it was maybe it was 10 and I can't remember, but that was the highest volume and they saw basically a graded degree of muscle growth from the lowest to the medium to the highest level of volume. So I'm a, so you see that there's no log diminishing returns there that was evidenced by that particular study. Yeah, lower volume, they got X amount of growth, more volume, they got more growth, highest volume, eight, that eight sets and eight sets, 16 sets. Yeah. Um, it was 32 sets a week. Sorry, I take that back, right? 16 sets twice a week. Right, right. Just crazy amount of volume. Like that's, that's, that's not possible for someone who really trains the failure. Yeah. Um, the way it might have someone trained. Yeah. Yeah. Just, so it's interesting. He probably would just say, well, that research is bullshit. Well, I don't think they made up those numbers. Yeah. I think what, what happens, what happens there. And this is why one way in which volume training can work is that in those situations, there has to be some, a caught sandbag and there has to see the, just some degree. And some of them maybe some individuals who could somehow recover from that, right? Yeah. But there has to be some recognition that holy shit, I've got to, I've got to endure all these sets. Yeah. So they're leading some, they're leaving some reps in these are, yeah. They have to be after the third set of going to like absolute failure. There's no way you're going to do five more on the squad, you know? Yeah. It's just like that's just impossible possibility. So, um, but that's the interesting thing if people are not willing to train a failure. Mm-hmm. And I'm just, they did the according to the study, they trained a failure. But if people engage in a higher volume training regime, maybe because they like that, like to be in the gym, they like to get the bumper, what have you? Yeah. More can be better because some degree. Yeah. Or maybe not even if they, it's maybe what if they can't, you know? What if you're in a position where you can't train to failure? Like if your essential nervousist had gotten completely wrecked from having gotten the bug, and you still want to be able to train and being able to, like for me, taking it to absolute failure would then wreck my entire week after that, trying to like, recover from that, you know, it's just like all sorts of brain fog and all of that. But I can not go to failure and do more reps. So, you know, there, there, I think there's a lot of reasons, or say somebody with like a back issue. Maybe they can't squat to the point where they almost take it off the tracks, you know what I mean? But they can go with a lighter weight, reps in reserve, and still do more sets to make up for that. Does it, yeah? And it's still stimulus. Yeah. Obviously, it still produces more growth and does she spawns fashion? So, the thing that I sort of drive at just to kind of finish off the important part of this really is that what I think and this, where I would agree with, Menser, I think, don't know for sure, is that from the evidence I'm able to find and they don't, they don't, the evidence is the data are there. It just doesn't get published and I've asked a couple times for folks to bring this out, is that my thought is that we've got an adaptive response, right? There's some adaptation to this overload. And if you're doing high reps, which is enduring, sorry, and if you're going to have some adaptation, which is not going to necessarily manifest as strength, you don't see strength gains in those high reps studies. You know, maybe some, but it's minimal. You see the strength gains with people training with heavier weights. You see the best strength gains from power lifters train, and they're trying to improve their strength. So the adaptation is specific. And my thought is that if the adaptation of high hypertrophy is meaningful for the overall adaptation to the type of train that you're doing, you're going to see the best hypertrophic gains, the best muscle mass gains, and those individuals whose performance in that mode of training let's call it. In the high volume lower rest interval, if you're doing it that way, you're going to see the best performance gains go alongside the best growth gains. And if you're training like a Mike Menceerian person, if you double your, with the course of a year, you double your squat, and you double your bench, or what have you, or at 50% versus someone who has half those gains in strength, you're going to tend to see lesser gains in size with the lesser gains in strength. Because strength is more specific, or at least look at your eight to ten rate max. So I think form follows function to some degree. And the thing I think that Mike's take on it was always that the function that produces the best gains in form is the function of training to failure with heavy heavy weights, as opposed to not trained to failure with a higher volume approach, which I suspect also, I'm waiting for, you know, the thing is with these studies, they're doing progressive overload. It's in the methodology, they're tracking the loads that are used, and they're incrementally upping those every week, every two weeks, to ensure a progressive overload. So the data are there. Yeah. All you got to do is take those data that you've written down and used to construct the training program and say, okay, how much growth do we get in these subjects, versus how much do they improve in their weights from beginning to end, or rates, times, or apps, or apps, or whatever you want to do to quantify. They're not publishing that. And that is like, oh my god, come on, come on, this needs to happen, right? Yeah. It's so vital. Like, if we're to know what we can, like, the thing that is so important that I think it gets missed and a lot of these studies is like, what, what, what do you tell in the real world someone who's wanting to put on muscle size? Or let's say you want to have more muscle size that would hopefully carry over in a situation like with an older person so that they have a less likely hit of fracturing your hip when they fall, or that they can use that size when they're out hiking. Anytime we need more muscle mass, right? Just in general, that you can gauge in other activities. What do you tell them, like, what are we shooting for? Well, you're shooting exactly what Mike is saying. You don't do things that are that are easily within your remote abilities. You do things that that are that stress you that that that leads you to getting better at whatever type of training you're doing heavy to failure or higher volume with lower loads and more sets. And we see that there's there there are there is evidence like long term like there's a two-year study with rugby players where you see this nice correlation between strength gains and lean body mass gains. But there's some people who make lean body mass gains without any strength gains. There's like the individual gain of there. And there are some people who make great strength gains and don't have any lean body mass gains. And some of that's probably nutrition. Obviously, yeah that could be a big connector. You can get stronger, but if you don't eat enough, you're not you're not supplying the nutrients in the hormonal stimulus with insulin, what had you to make them make the gains in muscle size. Anyway, all right, there's a little die tribe. 100% of your momentary muscular ability audience is the single most important factor in increasing strength and size. Working to a point of momentary muscular failure, where another rep is impossible despite your greatest effort, ensures that you pass through the break over point or that point in the set below which you go and growth will not be stimulated and above which you grow and growth will be stimulated. Interesting to know here, even the detractors of high intensity training force theory have to admit that the last rep of a set is the most productive. Think about it, the all these people, many of them knuckleheads, who claim high intensity training theory is now what's the first principle of the theory of high intensity training, the principle of intensity? When they say high intensity doesn't work, there's no validity, that's why saying the first rep is better than the last. So if you can current 100 pounds for 10 reps, just do one rep, forget the last line because intensity doesn't matter. Come on, Paul. Pause there. Yeah, so there's actually, I think that Togo is the name of the first author. It's a Japanese study. I mentioned my four-inch rate for a two-training book where they just clearly kind of did this. They took it. It was something like this. This is an exact format, but they basically took them. I think they had two groups. Maybe they did a one-sided training. But anyway, the comparison was something like three sets of 10 to failure versus six sets of five. Okay. Same load, right? Didn't get any muscle growth in six sets of five. Really? The workload was the same. Yeah. No, because of the same load. So you took the three sets of 10. Yeah, let's say, whatever you're doing an incline press and you're doing a quarter and two-of-five and one-eighty-five, you know, you're getting sets of 10 roughly as your fatigue. So then they took those same loads and you have to be like, I think it was maybe as a one-art. I came over to maybe one leg at study. So you take take those same loads and then you just instead of doing trying to take sets of failure, you just do sets of five with a rest interval in there. So you can never get close to failure. So you tall you up the reps, but he's calling intensity effort here, right? So you never have any effortful reps because you take that set. You take that 200 pound load that you could do for 10 and you just do five. Yeah. And then they rested like a minute and they did five more, right? So they were always like like little like five reps in reserve in the example I'm coming up. It was similar design. Interesting. Of course. Yeah. And then makes total sense, right? There's not a stress. There's not a stimulus there. So this is like that's an old study too. It's been around for a while, but it supports exactly what he's getting at the first rep and the rep previous the failure. It's simpler and not the same in terms of the same with that's a idea of effective reps. And there's a nice study out there that did that. That's great. Yeah. I had a client of mine. He's now like good guy for client. I was selling Brian this earlier. He called me several months ago. He was in a quandary. He said, Mike, I don't know. I'm awfully confused. I don't know if I should sign up with you or Charles Pollock and his name is Mac. I said, Mac, if you if you're that confused and you can't see on the face of a difference between Charles Pollock and I, I really don't want you to sign up for him. You deserve each other. Anybody, you can not. This is the point. All the. I'll say about that. Yeah. If you believe that the first rep of a set to failure is better than the last rep of a set, you're either so stupid that you don't deserve my presence as our friend down here's this. Or you just got something very wrong with it. Obviously the last rep of the set to failure is the most productive. Now there have been a few individuals not necessarily high intensity. I because who have raised the intelligent question. I'm not saying everybody who's, again, it's high intensity has no intelligence. They're just on their developmental way to finally embracing this. My mean, that's there. Yeah. Yeah. So it's interesting. And this is just sort of my orange or psychology perspective on this. Is that the accolites of HIT. There is a certain camp of people who are like, this is it. Like there's it's black and white. This is the sort of, at least it's the reputation. I've seen, I haven't read the boards or literally interacted with anyone. I know of some post things, but there's a kind of a camp. Let's say. Yeah. And their reputation at least. And I saw that at this, but it's been a while since I witnessed it any of it for a while. So maybe it's not as bad as it seemed like it once was. It's literally like, our way or the highway. Yeah. And it was, in that sense, it was very, you can say, a leadist like, oh, we know, but you don't, effing no because you're a dumb ass. Yeah. Yeah. This sort of thing. And my, like the way he presents himself there, the thing that's interesting, I think, listen, the voices my thought on this is that his way of presenting his ideas is going to peel with someone who has an affinity for that type of a mindset. Yes. Who would like, like to know that they've got the answer, because it's a very clarifying thing to have. Like, it's, I mean, anybody, especially now, who's just starting out and trying to figure out which way is up, right? Like, how should I train? Who should, like, who should I pay attention to Charles Pollock-Linter or Mike Menser? Like, the way that he's, even the way he says that, and he's sort of, you know, puts Pollock in down, it's like, there's a cult of personality that some people are attracted to behind that way of behaving presenting your ideas. So he could, he could very easily, you know, like, take, let's say you took the idea that the everyday events that were accustomed to are things that don't require repeated continuous persistent effort at a very high level. There's almost nothing that you do, even if you look at construction workers who are out, they take breaks, they avoid fatigue. And that's why you don't see heavily, many heavily muscle construction workers like you do, the most heavily muscle body builders in the world. Almost all of them train with high volume. I'm taking like a minceering way of approaching this, you know, sort of like, and so it's, that repeated exposure to high effortless of a volume that, amount of fun and that produces an overload to which the body is not accustomed that leaves the body to produce this high pre-trophic adaptation. And if you can't understand that notion, then you don't deserve to be in my presence or as Arthur Jones used to say, or as Ronnie Coleman used to say, or whatever, yeah, Ronnie would never say that, of course. So, but the his way of presenting things appeals to sort of your gut instinct to certain degree, it appeals to certain people, desire to see things in a black and white fashion because he says it with such an authoritative and strong tone. Yeah, it does it so it's not. It's sort of out. It's being simplified and that's, I think one of the, that's what we talked about in the last episode with the rat studies that rat studies are all bunk that they're completely gross, right? Because yeah, it's a lot more complicated to think of things in a series of gray tones versus just black and white. I was shocked to hear the opposite a couple of years ago when you and I started talking a lot about high intensity training. And I was so happy to put a video out about that and share some stuff that I discovered about training. And we were met by people who were anti-hit, people who came on the channel and said, it doesn't do anything, it doesn't work, it doesn't work, it doesn't work, it doesn't work, it doesn't work, period. And it was interesting to see the the camps on both sides, you know, and I loved, you said at the beginning of this, there's, there's the lovers, you know, and I think that those lovers are constantly in need of adjustment. What worked really great for me two years ago isn't what works really great for me now, you know? Mm-hmm. Yeah. And then just to support minister, I don't, I don't, I don't think he's a shicester, I don't think, no, I mean, the way he's doing this now, I mean, I think he sort of thinks trans-ronger the course of time. And this is older. This is his 90s older. Yeah, it would have been my tour of the end, I think, you know, later on. I think he truly, honestly, sort of, he does believe what he's saying and he's saying it because he's got a true and honest conviction, not like he's trying to like present himself in a way that let's say, maybe a dishonest, cult leader would in order to attract people who would have a national affinity to follow people who are sort of absolute, it's like that. The other thing that you may be, maybe, um, that's interesting too that, maybe think of was, is that hit, it changed over the course of time. And from what I, right, what I remember, because I've been around for a hot minute to, remember reading when minister was still alive is that he had, like, kind of gone off the deep end people were saying because he was talking about like one set every two or three or four weeks, like once had a month and it got to be too extreme and that wasn't what he was always. So there's, so he, what, what hit means may vary. That has to be sort of defined. If you're going to say that hit, you know, high-intensity training, minister doesn't work. It's like, well, that can't, like, like, like, what are you talking about first of all? And of course, there's all sorts of people. He looked pretty damn good. Yeah. You know, he was, he arguably could have won an Olympia with his physique. So, and I just looked it up. So he died in June 10th, 2001. So this is like three years before that. This is right at the end. You know, okay. All right. All right. Let's hear what I'll see us to say. A few individuals have raised the intelligent question as to whether it is actually necessary to train to failure. They say, Mike, how do you know for sure that a hundred percent intensity of effort is absolutely required to stimulate growth. Maybe it's only 60 cents or 82 or 91. So good question. How do we know? Well, the problem here audience would be in want the one in measuring intensity. There are in fact only two perfectly accurate measures of intensity. Zero percent when you're totally at rest. And a hundred percent intensity when you're exerting yourself with maximum effort. That's kind of a good point that you know what zero is and you know what a hundred is. Those are very definitive. Yes answers. You know what I'm saying? Right. So he from as I understand it, the traditional and this is sort of morphed to over the last few years, which I think is unfortunate because it didn't need to be so. But until maybe the last five ten years intensity and the exercise science literature meant a relative percentage of a one repetition maximum. Okay. Or percentage of a maximal voluntary contraction. So intensity was relative to a maximal effort, a given load, a given percentage of that load at maximal effort. A one-ret max dynamic or an isometric contract could even be an eccentric if you wanted to. So you could quantify that, particularly one-ret maximum density. And then intensity in the lay bodybuilding term is effort, effort level. And if I recall what he said, he's only two ways to accurately measure intensity, meaning effort. Yeah. Is that I think that's how we said it? That's what I'm getting from it. Yeah. Yeah. So accuracy of a psychological phenomenon is a very interesting, calm measurement to make. It's very interesting concepts. Okay. Right? Because what he's talking about doing is using an external performage measurement as an indicator of 100% effort. So failure means that you're subjective effort level is 100%. Right? Right. And I would agree that if someone is truly at 100% effort, there's some issues there too. And then they fail, then you've got a two concepts or two measurements percent effort, which someone would validate as saying or respond as saying to 100% and failure, because they couldn't get him to do anymore. But you can of course measure RPE. And that would have been done long before, you know, this talk was made. And you can estimate reps and reserve. And those don't correspond and actually the cool thing is that we know what we can we can back up what he's saying there, especially with newbies when they are asked to estimate their reps and reserve when they say three or four. And then you push in the failure, they're way off. So they have a very inaccurate psychological perception of the true performance reserve that they have. Yeah. But here's the thing. And this is the side that new ones this. And I'm not a psychologist, both you I can if I can make sense of my understanding of this. Express my express it in the way that makes sense at least is a psychological perception is a psychological perception. It's like saying, out that hurts and you're saying, well, no, it doesn't. It's like, it's my mind, it's my perception. And when someone says, you know, how much has that hurt on scale from one to 10? And you say, and they say seven, you can't say what you're wrong, that's their perception in that moment. Yeah. So that's just their psychological perception. It is a subjective measurement. It all is a matter of how they subjectively proceed that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So yeah, in terms of terms of having a hundred percent effort and that lining up with failure, that certainly makes sense. Yeah. Because there's like a difference between your psychological perception and the mechanical ability of your body. Right. And what of course changes over time is what you've received to be a hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. How does. Yeah. And, you know, in one sense too, I mean, just to this just to kind of invalidate the the association that needs making the equivalency that he's drawing between a hundred percent effort and muscular failure is that you can there's all sorts of beyond failure techniques. You start doing, you know, four straps. Let's say you do four straps and control the negatives and then you do, you know, four straps and even and then add assistance. So someone can still do a controlled negative. Like you can go many reps beyond failure. And your effort levels are going to be higher than it was when you met that reset failure point. And two and you probably know, it looks failure for the biceps or the triceps or what have you a small muscle group in terms of percent effort on an absolute sense is not going to be as much as it is on a squat. Right. We can take a and you're and and then it's also going to differ depending on the load because you're in and I'm talking about intensity now. I'm using the word effort because to differentiate that from intensity as per set one at max. So when I say effort, I mean what mentor means is intensity. So the effort it takes to do a widow maker with squats so the intensity at the end of that is going to be different than if you did a straight set with continuous reps with a unilateral biceps. Right. Being it out also like I can't get any more with good forms. Okay. That was is that 100% intensity? Well, relative to the exercise. Yes, relative what your capable will have known. So I get what he's getting at. But this is this is the thing just speaking from from a scientific perspective and I've done subjective measurements in terms of pain and RPEs and those sorts of things exercise psychology is a really a really tricky area in terms of measuring RPE and reps are reserved and those sorts of things because effort level it's not as if what 100% is going to actually have to correspond exactly when you reach failure. Because it's a subjective measurement and if I reached failure, if I did like a set of biceps, it throws and took it to failure and you say what was your RPE? And I would say in 10 is like maximal effort that you can possibly imagine doing the hardest exercise you've ever done in your entire life. Right. That's your 10. You know, instead of biceps, it throws your failure. It's like that's a six maybe. Yeah, I couldn't get any more reps. I reached failure. That was an RPE 10. I'm close. So yeah, like speaking as a from a scientist of what he's saying, it totally makes sense for the lay person. The concept is valid and it's it's very helpful from an instructive standpoint. But from a scientific standpoint, I think there's some holes in trying to make that equivalency between intensity or effort and failure because it doesn't necessarily match up for the way they just mentioned. Here's the point. So long as you are exerting yourself with 100% intensity of effort, you will have passed through every possible break over point 62% 79 84 93. As long as you go to 100, you pass through every possible gross stimulation point. You see that's why we keep stressing trades and failures. It's not going to hurt you. It's not. Those that's interesting. I'm trying to like, I don't know his philosophy in depth. I haven't, I have one of the videos and I think I maybe started reading one of the books once. He sends this up. There's growth. What do you call them? Growth stimulation points. Like you mentioned those three by those percentages. That seemed like he was suggesting that there are points in the set that actually are stimulating for growth. Just not to the same extent as if you go to failure. I think he was saying that you're going to cover all your bases. If you get to that 61% if you go to 100, then you're going to cover 61 in 75 and 83. I think that's what he was saying. But those are those are break over points. Like so at 83, there's a break over point for stimulate. If you can scroll back. Yeah, let's go back just a little bit here. Hold on a second. I don't know how far I needed to go. Through every possible break over point. Totally at rest. And 100% intensity when you're exerting yourself with maximum effort. So long. Here's the point. So long as you are exerting yourself with 100% intensity of effort, you will have passed through every possible break over point 62%. 79, 84, 93. As long as you go to 100, you pass through every possible growth stimulation point. You see. Yeah, that's what I'm getting from him is that I think he's, I tell me if I'm wrong or if you think it's different. But I'm gathering that let's say that somebody were to think that you were to make great growth at 80%. Well, if you get to 100, then you did do 80. You covered that. You covered all your bases by getting to 100. I think that's what he was saying. Is that's on right? Yeah, that's kind of like that's a valet interpreter. What I understood, he called those growth stimulation points. Yeah. That was the last term that he used. As if there's a break over point or growth stimulation point that occurs at 91% or whatever number he used. I think he okay. So let me develop this. Maybe, I mean, who knows? Because I don't understand exactly that. But that seems to suggest, I wouldn't have called those growth stimulation points. If the idea is that you don't get growth stimulation unless you reach failure, that would suggest that if you go to 91% which is a repertoire shy, there is some growth stimulation to come through that. Right? Well, I told a growth stimulation point. Yeah. I'll tell you do three sets and go to 100%. Yeah. And right, you like what you said, like that's, and you got three sets, it's more efficient. Right? You got all everything you got from 53 and 87 or whatever. Yeah. And you got all in three sets. But let's say in your, like in your situation now compared to two years ago, there's a growth stimulation point that happens at 91 or 93, then you just have to do five sets to cover those bases. Right? Because you're just, you're, you're, it's like, it's like you're getting Easter eggs, you know, along the same. Yeah. You're going to start your growth stimulation points, right? And you can get all five of them, right? All five effect irreps. We're not going to use that. Yeah. Sure. There it is. If you take a set to failure or you can just gather three by doing a few extra sets, three per set and then you just have to do a couple extra sets. You want to get 15, you do three sets of two sets to failure or you can do five sets where you just get three Easter eggs, you know, by going to whatever. Right? Over point. It's a stimulation point. Right? But he kind of contradicts himself a little bit. And with those sound like those are cool terminate, it's cool terminology, you know? Like, and you see there's like in, you'll see, in, when you look at plots, like regression lines and those sorts of things, there's something called it, you can look for inflection points, okay? Where the curvature of the line changes from in a way that's, you can statistically know to you, you can clearly just see these things. Yeah. So he's calling it like a breakover point. Like, like something goes up, like, and then there's a breakover. Don't know quite what that means, but that suggests that there's something to be had at that 91% whatever it might be. Yeah. I think he called it a gross stimulation point. Yeah. He did use that term. I don't know if maybe he was just trying to sound bigger, something, but he said what was it? It was just a little bit before that. I think if I went back a little bit further. I didn't question. And as to whether it is actually necessary to train to failure, they say, Mike, how do you know for sure that a hundred percent intensity of effort is absolutely required to stimulate growth. Maybe it's only 60%, or 82, or 91. And I think he's saying, well, guess what, if you go to a hundred, you covered 60 in 91, and all that. I think that's that's where he's going to make sense. But he does say if you let it play, you does say 91 is a gross stimulation point. So good question. How do we know? Well, the problem here audience would be in what the one in measuring intensity. There are in fact only two, perfectly accurate measures of intensity. Zero percent when you're totally at rest and a hundred percent intensity when you're exerting yourself with maximum effort. I see where you're going with this now. I see what you're saying. So here's the point. So long as you are exerting yourself with 100% intensity of effort, you will have passed through every possible break over point 62%, 79, 84, 93. As long as you go to a hundred, you pass through every possible gross stimulation. I see what you're saying now. I see what you're saying now. Right. It's just getting those like, maybe we'll get them all in one fell swoop, right? Yes. But it's kind of suggest that you get some along the way, you know? So I wish that would be a great one if you were in the audience, you could raise your hand. So I can ask him about that, you know? I mean, that's what I might say. I think he said 93% in that. Yeah. He may say 91, previous. So Mike, you know, what is the for someone who, you know, for safety reasons or, you know, let's say have a respiratory limitation. They just simply can't go to a hundred percent intensity. Can they gather together gross stimulation points? Easter eggs. I've been doing by doing more sets and not going to failure. I mean, because he's literally like he's he's like literally he's really in that last clip and that could be just like he just sort of made a mispoke because I'm agree, but he's talking about what we now commonly for two as the effective reps paradigm. Yeah. You know, it's not like 60, 61% and I'm thinking like, you know, the six rep of a 10 reps set or when your RP is six, like that's not going to be effective necessarily, but in the 80s and 90s where your RP would be 8 or 9, yeah. He's talking about break over points and that's, that's his own terminology. I don't, I've never heard that. I don't really know what exactly what he means, means by that. Yeah. But anyway, yeah, interesting. All right. This is the epic A4. Point, you see it. That's why we keep stressing trades and failure. It's not going to hurt you. It's not only as a desirable, if absolutely necessary so that you know you stimulate it, grow. Does that help anybody? I see where you're going with that. No, it's good. Most of you know this all the way. No, it's new material. Some of this. So this is an interesting thing. I mean, there's another thought there. I could, I could, like every sentence I can like have something to say. The thing that's inching in the context of this in 2001 is that there was, I mean, this is 2001, right? 98, he passed away. 98. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So this is 98. Is that the year running one of this first Olympia? 98. Yeah. Look at that up. It was a 99. It was right around there. Anyway, we had during the eights. He's just so he's on the tail end of during the eights career. Yeah. But then we had Ronnie Coleman, you know. And Ronnie trained hard. But you don't, you don't see this, you know, and Ronnie was, he used a little body. But you don't see like these these grinding reps for Ronnie is going to failure. 98. 98. That's what I was thinking. So this may have been for after one. But, but training failure is not the only way you know you stimulate growth, aside from all that. First of all, there's all these other body builders who've done really, really well, stimulating growth without training failure like Jay Cutler. And then, you know, you can also, you can also track, let's say if you are consistent in your intensity, leading one at your reps in reserve or what have you. And you're tracking your progress in the gym. And you're watching your, you're, you're, you're, you're tracking your body composition and you're using the mirror. Yeah. And the scale. Those are other ways to know if you're making progress. Absolutely. So it's, but in the, you know, micro scopically in training. And this is why I include failure sets in four to two training. If you're looking, looking to be, ensure that you've got some form of progressive overload, pick the exercises that lend themselves best to taking, you know, six to 12 reps sets those loading sets in four to two training to a failure point. And or look at the loading sets themselves and see where they're progressing. They're just like DC training. Yeah. It's very much progressive overload. So, so you know, you're going the right direction. Yes, right? But it's not the only way. It's not the only metric. There's many, many others. But this is, this is where I think people, people want to, you know, dig in and sort of nail, message to the cross because he was so unidimensional in this failure, notion of failure, you know. Yeah. He was, you know, this was his way, the highway there. And he doesn't step in and see, you know, the other ways, other ways that you can like just in that, in the statement itself, it's very black and white. And the evidence is against it. There's plenty of body loaders who don't train failure. We're pretty damn big. Yeah. I think though, you know what, part of that might have been if we looked at like the, if we looked at the social climate of when he came into the picture, that the, the, the opposite was the only way, you know, the weir, the weir principles, you know, that we're sitting here. Yeah. And that he was highly speaking out against that. So it kind of, I think for him, became a crusade and probably the because of that social context had to dig his heels in even deeper, you know, because he's, he's arguing for the fact that, you know, I, I think what, what do you think the problem is Scott? Do you think it, and with our society, and I guess this is our community bodybuilding, what is the bigger problem? And this is, I guess, an opinion question is that people are doing too much volume and not going to failure or that they're not doing enough volume and, and, and just going to failure. I think that, you know, a lot of times we, we aren't giving enough intensity. The intensity is that we often have too much intensity or often have not enough. So I think that he's maybe trying to swing that pendulum to award intensity, any, he's taking a really extreme stance to do that, you know? Yeah. I mean, the thing that is going to support his efforts and support the results of the people that do take his take his tack on, can they take, take an HIT approach? Because if you truly believe in it, you know, you're not just like, oh, shit, I'm going to give this, or give this an eight week world, but I don't really expect it to do much. Yeah. You can't have that mentality and go into the gym and training this way and really go to failure. You have to like put your will in motion that I am going to get, I mean, I'm thinking of DC training now, particularly, but I'm going to failure and I'm going to do more than I've ever done before. Yeah. Talking about that. I don't know how much he was being on logbooking and those sorts of things and, you know, quantifying the progressive overload, terms, and performance of the gym, but you can't just, you know, say, I'm just going here and, you know, just kind of, you know, get a good pump and then you do a bunch of sets and get out of the gym and get my workout in. Yeah. Not with this way of training. So you have to, there has to be some conviction and a true inner belief. And if that's the case, I think if you take someone who just come hell or high water, they're going to go to failure and they're going to, they're going to just decimate themselves. Every workout with appropriate volume of course, and they, they need to believe in that. And then they'll make it happen. I mean, it's, it's simply will. If you've said someone to task for five years and hypnotize them and said, hey, you got five years. You know, triple all your major lifts in terms of the weight you're using from beginner to, to that intermediate advanced level. And they got there that would happen. They would do everything else perfectly. Yeah. So it's got to be kind of a belief in it. Speak of the devil, Kubachelans were this. He probably, he probably really is to that. You know, a guy who is yeah, used a lot of high intensity to be able to get this physically out there it is. Yeah. So I think, I think the thing people just kind of get back to your question is, I think program hopping is still an issue. Yeah. And I think behind that is looking for, to a lot of, the certain degrees looking for an easier way. Yeah. Right. There's a, there's a, there's a, intelligent, intelligent approaches, finding the right kind of volume and the right way of training that works for you. Absolutely. It's human nature to seek out the easiest way to get from point A to point B. And a lot of times, I mean, I would say if I had, if I had that you just wanted the other, not that I like, you know, black or white decisions necessarily because that doesn't necessarily but to illustrate this point, I think it makes sense to frame it in this way. Yeah. It is, if I had to pick, um, do I look for the hardest way or do I look for the easiest way? Yeah. I'm going to pick the hardest way, um, because you're in, in the general sense, you're trying to evoke an adaptation, um, that's, is something that is, is your body is going to receive as an absolute ultimatum for producing an adaptation. And that could be training like J. Cutler, that could be training, um, and I even say this in one of my, one of my talks, one of the kind of the bottom lines, um, a lot of times for many people in finding solutions to bring up weak muscle groups or to prove growth when they've, they've seen like run up against the wall is like, what haven't you done? Yeah. That's hard, you know, or that's substantially different, but that you know, at least for some people is a hyper-trophic response. It doesn't say like, you know, take up marathon running. Well, that's going to be hard, but it's not necessarily going to be a good adaptation. Right. Um, but, you know, figure out like, okay, I haven't tried to do like, FST7, let's say. Like, I think, I think that's totally fufu. I'm not saying this per se, but so once I think that's fufu because it never worked. What's gotten me here is DC training, during the eight-style training, HIT, et cetera, et cetera. But if now you're at, if you're a treachery endpoint, you're not going to wear to something else, but outside of your wheelhouse, you know, that's, but it would have to be hard. Generally, I mean, I'm not trying to pick on Mike, but like an example that falls into my head was, was Jordan Peters, where he did a podcast, Steve Hall's Revive Stronger Podcast with Mike Isretel. Okay. And Mike's take on things. Generally is a higher volume thing. Um, and you can train with Reps Rezerv and his thought, you know, is that that might be a solution for Jordan. And Jordan, very smartly, Jordan's not afraid of hard work if the table was not afraid of hard work, right? He's thrized on that shit. Like, that's, that's food for his, that's nourishment for his soul, right? Yeah. But he took that on board and said, but he also wants progress. He's going to do whatever takes. So if you're saying, I, I need to stop walking on the hot coals and get over here, too, you know, like the hot sidewalk, which isn't quite as difficult, but out, but it could'll mean that I'll make progress. I'll do it. He tried it. It didn't work for him, right? Wasn't as, so he's just, that's just one example, not that that switch might not work for other people. Right. But for Jordan, that his very advanced level. And this is, this is what my general thought. Yeah, given his current spot. Maybe at another time. Yeah, right? Is, is, yeah. So there's, I think it's validity and shifting from maybe a lower, a lower rep, lower set to maybe a higher higher rep, higher set, or maybe a, a higher volume approach. But there's still going to have to be some amount of just efforts and difficulty and stress in a way that challenges the individual. So it might be, okay, now we're going to German German volume training for legs. And persons used to not doing anything like that, used to like doing the, maybe they do one Widowmaker for DC training, right? And that's her highest rep thing. Otherwise, just lower volume, plenty of rest, beat every set, destroy the logbook, and now they try to do a volume training that can produce growth in people. And that's beastly difficult. Yeah. Right. So that's the thing, the sort of the metric that is a good, not always the case. So some people just need to reload, right? Some people need to pull back a little bit, maybe they're training too far because they're, they're in excess of the dose that they can recover from. But the effective change in training perspective from, you know, from a mentor to more of an arm, there still has to be some difficulty there. It can't just become, oh, well, this is easy training unless the D-load is necessary and expect that you're going to make progress. So yeah, sub-lacrwi, sorry, we should, but, Cuba said something similar. He said, we just love to train balls to the wall. Man, Scott just nailed it on the program hopping as a massive issue because nobody wants to do the hard, I'll say, stuff. Yeah, the fire gets hot and they just, oh, this is, I'm getting out of here and they try to jump over to the another pan, Pete. Dr. Scott versus Mike Menser. There's a lovely beat title around and it'll be so much fun interacting with them, you know? Oh, yeah. He did, I think, share so much good stuff to help and swing that pendulum to that other direction, you know, to say, hey, you know, at the same time though, I think you still have to take it with just as much of a grain of salt as you do volume, you know, or anything, yeah, and recognize like you said it's, and that's, we keep coming back to that same thing over and over and over and over Scott, the gray area said it's just not black and white. Yeah, he's a bookmark on sort of the end of the spectrum. He's like one extreme. Yeah. And it does work for people. Yeah. You know, there are people that train that way. Obviously, there's still, you know, if, if eventually his way of doing things just was just complete hogwash, then there wouldn't be people we would be talking about it, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, we continue to evolve and who knows if like DC training would have been there, you know, if everybody was just doing volume and all the spinoffs that happened because of it, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. You can't underestimate to what extent in your unconscious mind, you know, the things you've read, you've come across is influencing your ideas. You know, so obviously Dante was highly aware of Mike Menser, especially because people would always like that was one of the, this is just HIT and Dante's like, no, it's not, yeah. I'm trying to like, you know, copycat Mike Menser. Right. So it's good to have those, have those bookmarks as a reflection because that's the contrast that we need to know anything, right? You don't know top from bottom unless you have top, you don't know bottom, you know, my bottom and my top, right? Yeah. Black, white, hot, cold. You need the contrast. So he's sort of one end against which we can compare things. All right. Well, let's wrap this thing up, man. This is fun. This is, this is a blast actually. I had a fun time doing this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. I like to just unleash my consciousness. That's cool. All right, guys. Well, if you want to get more from Scott, go over to b-y-o-b-cote.com. You can get his book there, be your own bodybuilding coach or you can go to Amazon, get the hard cover there, all of links to both of those things in the description. Of course, check out our awesome sponsors. We mentioned Dante just now, true nutrition is company. Go to trunutrition.com, use our code, think for additional savings. Hit me up if you have any questions about any of their supplements, supplements, source.ca for our Canadian folk. Got great deals that change week to week. Strong sports nutrition. If you're in the, if you're in the UK, lots of great health supplements there. And of course, thank you to everybody on Patreon. You guys are freaking awesome. Step it up to the plate and Victoria and I are going to do a live stream on Patreon soon. So stay tuned for that. Check out Patreon. We'll have details for more of that stuff. Scott, as a pleasure. It's a pleasure. As always, man, thanks for doing this with me. Like what? Great idea, dude. Thanks for that, man. Cool. Thank you.