Yeah, I think there's also, if you're going to suppress and shoot your system down, there's an element of right. If I'm taking that risk, then I want a reasonable reward for that risk. So I think there's a difference between where I would be on a first cycle for maximizing progress against the risks that you're taking, whip, shut down, and everything else. Against what would be the lowest dose, I think you could run in that first cycle, that would actually gain you some decent results. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast. With Dave Crosslin, I'm Scott McNally, and all of our programming is brought to you by evalblotanellysis.com. If you're in the UK and you're on gear, you're going to need to get your labs done, and you can get your labs done by Dave. So go to evalblotanellysis.com to get your labs done today. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition for those of you in the UK. They have great health stacks, including some serious cycle support that you're going to need if you're on cycle. They may be coming to the US soon too, it sounds like we're also brought to you by trainutrition.com. Use our code think over there. I just bought some cookie butter protein. I bought a pound of it to try. I think it's going to be my new favorite flavor. Use our code think over it. True nutrition to get additional savings and all your supplements that all your basic sups that you need, your protein powder, creatin, your intra everything else. And we are brought to you by supplementsource.ca. Guys, they have great deals for Canadians that change week to week. So if you're in Canada, shop with supplement source, save a couple bucks because Lord knows bodybuilding is expensive, Dave, nice flannel shirt first of all. You just gave me crap every episode I wear a flannel shirt every episode. You'll go this is shit. Oh, but see, you can wear a flannel shirt whenever you want. It's what you're telling me. In the minute I do, it's like, oh, it's got to learn a flannel. Yeah, I'm going to bet you'll flannel shirt is 7 shades of shit. But it's every color of brown. Yeah. Yeah, and I have another one that's like blue and gray. Yeah, but this is a little fashionable. Oh, okay, fashion and advice with Dave. That's the episode today. Great. Great. Oh, that's really great with the barrel. We're trying to get a lot of views on this one. Freight. We've got it. We actually, we have a great topic today and this kind of comes to us from our last episode. So last week we were talking about like, hey, cheap cycles, basically. And what it came down to is that if you're taking a really strong compound, you don't need a lot of it. So if you wanted to run a low dose cycle and get the best effects that you possibly can, then yeah, like a little bit of a Chinese is going to go a long way compared to like the amount of pre-mil you would have to buy to get the same effect from it. Now here's a topic that came up though. So one of our listeners said, yeah, but there's also a minimal effective dose. That sometimes it's just not even worth the time the energy, the money to get involved with a compound if you're not going to take enough of it to actually grow. And he does have a valuable point. So we're going to today. We're going to talk about the minimal effective doses of all your standard main compounds. And I'm here. I'm curious to hear what you guys think too. I know a lot of you guys have experiment with lower doses. So tell us what are the minimal effective doses that have been good for you. But before we get into it, I have to, I think we should define when we say minimal effective, what do we mean by effective? Are we talking about like, because I think there's a big difference between taking enough to get a pump in the gym and feeling a little bit stronger and actually feeling in your system versus actually growing new muscle tissue. Those are two different things you know what I mean? Yes, I agree. I completely. So I guess effective doses actually making new muscle gains, you know, or for those of you out there who are easily triggered new tissue for those of you who want to grow new tissue. For some reason that's a hot button word right now, people don't like the word tissue. I don't know why don't ask me. I don't know dude. I think because maybe muscle is very little of it is tissue. How are we like 90% water? I think that it's like 87% fluid is there's all that goes into muscle. There's not only the tissue of the muscle itself. There's the the vast majority that goes along with it. There's a lot you know what I mean? Yeah. So anyway. I think I'm 95% water. Yeah, oh yeah, dude if we, you know, it's just slimmed you down. We did a little cut. You would be right like stage ready, I think. Yeah, the bit now left him. Got a water out, bit enough enough to. So anyway, so I guess that's how we're defining it is enough enough of a compound to actually grow new tissue. Let's start with where do we want to start? Trend the big boy. I was 100, 100. Yeah, I'm with you on that. I think 100 face. Yeah, female. I think you could burn me be as low as 10, 15. Yeah. I, um, I may or may not be starting in experiment in my own with a low dose trend because it might be all I have that's actually worth taking. I had, I thought I had. I love your cycle planning. Let's open the box and see what we've got. So I thought I had enough of you. It was a foolish mistake. I only had one bottle that I purchased and I don't plan on getting anymore. I'm like, but I got to, I got a violent. I have to trend that'll ask me a long time at 150. It's like some weird cook show where you know, they get a box of ingredients and I have to try and make something at it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's kind of it. Yeah, here's like some free dose and, you know, some marmalade. Go. So anyway, I'm with you. I think 150 maybe somewhere in there on Trends. All right. So if we're going from Trend, then let's go to its counter part as I'll call it. The other 19-northed is so popular in Antrolone. I've got a number in my head. I'm curious to see if Dave agrees. I'm going to say. I'm bouncing between two and three. So I'm switching to some of that. So when did that bulb off? I think I'd get. I was going to say like 250 maybe. You know? So yeah, two to three. Do 300 on deck. Now, would that be the same on Neutralone Final Proponate versus Long Acting Ducca? So now, so if we say, let's go with 250, then we'll go down the middle. So 250 decker. The difference is going to be that obviously over the first four, five, six weeks, that level, that circular level is going to increase until we apply to those. So the sum of pass is going to be greater than individual dosing. Yeah. With the MPP, I think you're going to be around the 50 mark. But you're not going to probably see the same extent of blood, plasma peak with the MPP. I think it will be lower. But it's going to be higher initially. So whereas the standard deck is going to go up, sort of like that, the MPP is going to start a little bit higher, but it's not going to grow as much. But I think 50 is probably where you're going to be with the MPP. Wait, 50? Yeah, 50, 50, 75. You're thinking that you could grow from 50 milligrams a week of MPP? No, sorry. Pidosin, three doses a week. I apologize, what 50? Also 150. Yeah. I'm talking as a dad. Sorry. So I got you three times a week. So three times a week, 50 milligrams. Okay. So 150 MPP versus DACA at 200 250. I would stick with the 200 maybe personally. But I mean, this is not scientific. I mean, if you guys tuned in to have us break out the charts and graphs, you turned into the wrong show, that said if you do enjoy our show, then we would definitely appreciate hitting the like button. It really does make a difference. And leave us comments and leave us questions for the next show. And if you aren't subscribed, then you definitely should subscribe and hit the bell. What's next? Where do you want to go to next from here? We covered kind of the Nangelones. To maybe we should have started with TAS. You know, the foundational compound, right? The parent of all of these drugs. I think with with with with circuit decker maybe a little bit higher. So if we're going to say 200 on decker, I think we're going to say 250, 300 on test. Yeah. I'm with you 100%. I mean, I guess this kind of does matter to where are you coming from. Yeah. I think there's there's there's also it. If you're going to suppress and show your system down, there's an element of right. If I'm taking that risk, yeah, then I want a reasonable reward for that risk. And so I mean, we normally sort of say first cycle three, four, five, 100, test a week, test a week. Just so we don't get any complications with interactions and different side effects. But you know, so there's I think there's a difference between where I would be on a test cycle for maximizing progress against the risks that you're taking, we've shot down and everything else against what would be the lowest dose. I think you could run in that first cycle that would actually gain you some decent results. So for me, I think we're 250, 300 for the minimum we can run and get some reasonable results. But if I would advise in on that cycle, I'd be saying, well, I would aim for 400 as a risk to reward ratio in what you're doing, showing yourself down and what you're going to get in results. But this is a slightly different conversation because this is about how low can you go and still get something. Yeah. Yeah, I'm with you. I would prefer 400 over say 300 for growth. I think the risk to reward is pretty similar. You know what I mean? The risk of 400 versus 300. Heck man, I'd even go to say the risk of 300 to 500 isn't really that much different. You'll be more likely to have to do something to control estrogen that higher that dose gets. But as far as looking at your lab work goes after the cycle, the amount of shutdown that you get from 300 and damage to your body, I don't think it's going to be that much different 300 to 500. I don't know. What do you think? Erm... Again, this then comes, I think the nuances there are on the individual and where they are with their training in a diet and stuff like that. Someone who, let's say someone's trained for ten years, been a natural, very invested in their diet and training. Then I think that 200 milligrams difference can be quite significant and the results they get. But your average gym rat who saw a follows this diet and make a couple of decent sessions in a week, the rest are just okay. There's probably not going to be a significant change between those dosens. Yeah, okay. I could see that I think most of my experiences based off of people that I've worked with and generally if they're hiring me, they're pretty, you know, they're plugged in. They want to follow a good diet. They've hired, they've gone out to hire somebody to do that. You know what I mean? So, yeah. I do know there are guys out there that are just kind of like banging gear and still parting on the weekends and I know those guys exist. I, but I don't see their results, you know what I mean? Because they're not working with me. The biggest problem I see with most people, the biggest single factor that impacts their progress is their training. Yeah. And it's not that you could easily get a lead test around training and it's not that some people just don't have the physical and mental capacity to train at a certain level of intensity, where others do. Sure. You know, you take someone like Dorian and there's very few people on the planet can replicate that level of intensity. Yeah. He was unique in that factor. And so for me, the biggest stumble in block at the biggest differential between people's progress is usually down to their training around genetics. And not just their muscle response, but their mental fortitude around that training around genetics or just around training shows like. So, you know, I think there can be a variance if the training is really dialed open. That's usually the area that people struggle with because everybody perceives them as training themselves as training out. Yeah. And it's not only training hard, but it's doing it, workout after workout repeatedly for years. And thinking of this reminds me. I remember a long time ago when Fuad first started podcasting. He did a, he mentioned this in a video where he said, you know, like, if you want to come in training with me and you know, like you come out to work out with me, I'm a pro. And let's say that you, you know, get all hyped up for it. You take a bunch of pre-workout. You make sure that all your nutrition was nailed because you're going to train with this pro bodybuilder. Then yeah, you can probably keep up with me. But the challenge is not just that one workout and keeping up with me then. It's doing it the next day and the next day. And for the next 10 years, every time you train, I agree with you. It is a lot, not everybody is capable of that. Well, especially out the gate. You know, the longer we do it, the better we get at it. The other problem is it's not very quantifiable. It's like you follow a dial, you don't. You know, you eat the foods or you don't. There's a yes and no element to it. Even with the cycle, you take the dose or you don't. But with training, it's very subjective. You know, you do the, you do the breps, you do the sets. Yeah, but did you do it to your greatest capability? Did you give everything you had at that point? And even if you were given maximum effort, were you directing that effort into the muscle rather than just into effort of moving away? So it's subjective. It becomes very difficult to quantify, whereas, and it's, I mean, this is the one area where we coach in, I get frustrated and I struggle because it's like trying to convey the level of effort you're trying to get out of a client without physically being able to go hands on with them, can sometimes be incredibly difficult for a straight. And it's nobody's fault in, it's not like it's the clients fault. It's just that perception of heart training is based on that experience of heart training. Yeah, I work with a guy. So a lot of times what I do is I have people send me video and we, we can build that intensity up through that. But sometimes it's like, man, I just think it would be better to train with somebody in the gym and I was lucky enough that one of my guys that I've worked with, I'd worked through them all through his years of competing and now he's a little bit older and retired from that, but still a young guy moved to down to, I think it's self-created. Carolina and turns out he trains at the same gym as Dusty and he needed to, just he was just kind of like pumping these red. It was like a pump workout is what it looked like where like everything like doing a dumbbell row up, down, up, down, down, down, down, down, down, then do the other side. You know, I don't even look like you're sweating, man. But he's getting a good pump anyway. I had him train with Dusty and that light bulb turned on after that and it's changed everything. But yeah, you make a good point. So I guess back on topic, so we covered test, we covered trend, we covered DACA, how about aqua poise? Now, historically, they used to be the old, if you're not doing 600 milligrams, don't bother with it. Yep. But I think now, I actually think we're in a similar bulb part where we've sort of decarant testing, it's sort of 253 on, I would probably lean more towards 300 with EQ. Yeah, a little bit more for me than DACA. If you, yeah, well, like I could even see 200 with DACA with that 300 test, of course, you know, I can, all these compounds. I'm assuming we have a test base. I would say EQ's going to be slightly on the higher side in comparison. Yeah, I think 300. I think a nice start spot for EQ for a lot of people who's around for, but I think if we're looking at minimum doses where we can see any real progress, I would say 300. Yeah, 300. I'd go with that. We probably, I mean, do we want to get into the more exotics or let's just go to maybe like the most popular compounds out there now? Well, it's not the first one. That's the pre-mo. That's what I was going to go to. That's what any difference between mass and pre-mo first, that would be a one question or would you say it would be a pre-mo higher? Okay. If you're looking at on the ballic progression, by woodrun higher, the obviously, the only, the only caveat with that is how low pre-mo's going to push your Easter jump. Okay, yeah, for sure. So I would say probably about 100 milligrams, more on the pre-mo's most to the, I think, I think, must can be effective around 250 waste bream. I've been looking at three. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, when I see mass at 250, I see a cosmetic hardness out of it versus it being a mass builder so much. You know, if we take somebody who say is on TRT at 150 tests and then we're, we go to 250 tests 250 pre-mo. They're going to retain if not grow in that cycle. But mainly what we're going to see is a compositional shift to be more, you know, grainy and hard if we're dieting and getting leaner, you know. Yeah. But I would definitely, I would definitely say mass can be run low than pre-mo, pre-mo needs to be run high. Okay. So keeping it to just our basics, then I think that covers the basic injectables that people use. We're not getting into the meant or your DHB. But what about the orals, then? Uh, ox hair. All the least to at least 200 today. 200 today. Yeah. 25 25 25. Yeah. 25. 25 25 25. Yeah. Yep. I'm wish you on that 25 a day of anadraw and I think that you're 25 anadraw per day might even do more than these, some of these low dose injectables. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's a deceptive drug is anadraw. Um, it definitely works. Um, I mean, it has some some unfortunate size, particularly on the appetite for true. Um, and that's probably a big East downfall. Um, as far as I'm concerned, is the fact there's no point being anadrogs to be coy. Now, once again, to us, we see the object. Yeah. And as we get into these orals, I want to remind everybody we're not just talking about getting a better pump in the gym, you know, or getting an enhanced performance benefit. Because I bet you're, yeah, I bet you that you could even get an enhanced performance benefit from like 10 anadraw. You know what I mean? You probably noticed that. Um, but I don't know if that's going to necessarily grow new tissue. How about, uh, debal? I wouldn't normally say 20 to 30 probably leaning towards the 30th modern day, but I do know that the originally, the original, so our farthest off, you could get away with less particular if it was your first exposure to it. Yeah. And I know you personally have very good results with very low dosens. Uh, 20. What would you say though? I'd say 20 to 30. No, I'd say probably a little bit more. Okay. I feel like 30 is, um, 30. To me, we're getting up into like quote unquote real doses. In fact, I'd even say 25 a day for eight weeks as part of your cycle would be, you, you, you, you'd notice some major stuff out of that, you know. Yeah, agree. Who are you talking to, Dave? Sorry, I'm having a deal with an emergency in a booking. Don't forget booking for your, yeah, for labs. Yeah, just pop to. No, but yeah, I, the other thing is that we, I'll be using D-ball as a secondary compound. We're using it as a standalone. We do an older loan. I'll go point. I'm going to assume we have a test base for all of these cycles. We'll say, you know, whatever we need to, what do we say? Two, fifty, three hundred on tests. So we've got 300 tests in there. Okay. I'll go with 20 personally. You say 25, 30. I think that either of them are going to be reasonable. Um, and so we've got those two. And then let's just go to the last ones. Let's say, let's make the last two wind straw and anover. We're not doing table. Oh, we can do table. I didn't think anybody really used it. No, no, no, no, I didn't know why people hang on table. I think you're actually a compound. I think it's not as available right now. Like, I know that I say that in guys are going to comment and be like, my source, I think it's not available. But I don't see it on a lot of lists now. No, I agree. I don't think it's, I think it's not available because it's not popular, but I don't understand why it's not, there's not a drive for it to be more popular because I really like it as a portal. Anyway. Yeah. And of, I think, we know, to be honest, we're, I think we're fairly similar across the border. We're going to be taught a 2030 milligrams for under, uh, wind straw, the say, ever a withdrawal 25? Yeah. Um, and table again, I mean, the, these German stuff, some of that dosing was, was actually quite low, like 5 and 10 milligrams of table a day and they were seen significant performance. This is performance improvements, grounded, not muscle mass, but they were seen significant performance improvements from it. Yeah. Yeah. And I could see that because I could see the same from anover, you know, 510 milligrams of anover to enhance your performance, especially for a guy who's like, ah, nothing. Let's say you take nothing. And then we put 5 or 10 anover in there. I think that you would notice that in the gym, how is that going to translate the eight weeks down the road? Like how much real muscle did you gain out of it? I, I, I, I think that you would be a hard press to have a huge transformation. But yeah, there is the better, you know, the, the, the better you train like you said, better the diet, maybe you're going to get a little. That there is a, there is a difference from a dosing from a point of view of you'll get a performance increases on much lower doses than you will a muscular growth. You do need a little bit more for the muscular growth without that. Yeah. And the, the research that Scott Stevenson was looking at, it was like for anover, for instance, it was the, the optimal, like peak high end dosing was at 40 to 60 milligrams. Okay, that's where they saw the, like the most anabolic growth from it, you know. I'm just, usually when I, I stick, stick it to be honest somewhere between 40 and 60. Yeah. I've done high at personally, but we clients tend to stick around that mark. Would you go to 100? 100. But I did 100 anover and a 100 oxy combined. Your liver was probably angry at you for a little while. I tell you what, the fucking pumps were insane. Yeah. To the point where I can train properly, insane. I can see doing that. And you know what, man, what about this? What if you combined like 25 are with 25 oxy? I feel like even that would be, you know, and you're getting 50 milligrams total, right? Mm-hmm. Of, or I, it was one of my many experiments, but I run to 100 of each, I lasted 10 14 days and it wasn't for any side effects. It was, I just literally, I started training at pump up so much. I could hardly bloody move. Yeah. And it was just, it was particularly arms, arms were terrible. The, the bicep range. I mean, I was capping out like, you know, 90 degree bend. And I couldn't go any further up because the pumps were just so massive. It was like, this is pointless. Yeah. I'm not doing anything, yeah. So I just knocked it on the head. Yeah. Well, it's harder to get a good pump when you have all that scint oil in your arms, too, you know. Yeah. We had somebody who commented on the stream or on the stream, excuse me, on the show last episode and they said, uh, uh, scint oil. That guy's got scint oil in his arms. And Dave commented back, he said, it's not scint oil. It's photoshop. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, you know, I doesn't bother me. I, if people think I put scint for the me arms, I took it as a compliment because what they're saying is like, when I achieve that size without doing that, so yeah, it doesn't bother me. You do. I used to get wound up by the, but these did you just find it, yeah, I used to, yeah, do you ever like attack people on the internet, like go after people publicly and stuff? A long time ago, I was all right, Dick. Yeah. I can pick up. I can pick up. I'm in. I can't fucking trigger all time. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's the, it's the, and it, you, I, I just, uh, I, I just, uh, I know my being called out on things that I've done that are wrong, if I've done them wrong. You know what I mean? I'm, yeah, fine. I did. I right, forever. I used to get really wound up when, when I hadn't actually done it and it was like, no, I haven't fucking done this. Yeah. Yeah. And then people, I probably like, oh, he's getting all defensive because he knows he's right. Yeah. Yeah. But people, I mean, people, even if they didn't sell to be a troll, they'd become a troll when they know you're reacting. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. That's. So I, I, I walked away from that long time ago. I even now, I, I, I, I, I, I, I'll make the, odd, I don't comment much on post anymore, but I'll make the odd comment. And, night has that, I tell you, it blows back in with face and I'm just thinking, why have I bothered? Yeah. Yeah. This is some reason I just trigger people and say, it's like, you know what, I mean, probably me in the way I put things, but it's like, you know what, I'm just not saying anything anymore. Yeah. It's really the safer bet. But we're happy to have you Dave whenever you comment. Dave went through and commented on the show last episode. We all know that creatin is great for muscle building, but were you aware of its benefits for brain health? Uh, I think it's problems. Creatine? No, it's definitely pronounced creatin. No, it's definitely creatine. I'm positive. Yeah. That's pretty much what I said, creatin. Creatine? Well, regardless of what you want to call it, creatin plays an important role in brain health. The administration, your brain means a significant amount of ATP to perform difficult tasks. Supplementing with creatin will improve phosphocreatin stores, helping your brain produce more ATP. So if you're not on creatin now, give it a try. Check out truenutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. They got all your basic health supplements like creatin, protein powder. Everything else you can think of. Use our code, think to help support our programming, get some additional savings and get a great supplement. Yeah. That's definitely creatin. Um, all right. So we do have a bunch of listener questions. And as always, guys, you guys do a freaking great job loading us up with questions and topics. And all that stuff helps to boost our programming and the algorithm. So thank you for that. And uh, load us up with questions again for the next show. Uh, so we have some stuff from Patreon. We have some stuff from YouTube. Um, all right. Here we go. How about this one from Nick? He says, would love to see an AI went to start. Uh, because we did a topic on a previous episode of when you come off cycle, when do you stop your AI? So he said, I'd love to see a topic of AI's went to start, uh, the flip side of the question that was asked today. Uh, there seems to be an overwhelming amount of guys ready to toss in an AI when E2 is high, but no symptoms are present. Hmm. I think I, the only each engine symptom I generally get concerned about is guy know, because it's the only one that's difficult to deal with. Yeah, what retention? You drop your eastern wall attention is going to come down. Yeah. Uh, sexual dysfunction though not particularly pleasant when it occurs at the end of the day, your ring your eastern town is going to get back to normal. That you know, the only one that's going to have a lasting effect is guy know, so as a result, I tend to run over decks in the early days. So off the back. Yeah. And then I'd like to test East Virginia about week five. We're not going to be at peak eastern levels, but we're going to be closing off to no sort of where we need to be. Uh, and an only if I know someone has a history of problems with East Virginia, or we're really in quite a decent set up from an aromatized drug. Well, I saw a plan East Virginia management earlier on. Generally you're looking at two free weeks before you sort of see East Virginia starts to really increase in my opinion. And then it's going to peak about a week 10 days behind your aromatized drug peak. So do you need to run an AI if you're non symptomatic? No, not particularly as long as you're covering all symptom bases. I am put pressure is okay and everything else. Then no, I don't see any issue why you would need to run an AI if you're not experiencing negative from the East Virginia. I believe it well alone. If you want, I mean, Eastern has its positives. It's a poor healthy lipids. You know, so it's not all doom and gloom isn't East Virginia. It's just we want to manage those effects that we don't want from it, which is the war retention increased blood pressure. He rectal issues and obviously the real big one, which is the guy. Yeah, I had a guy reach out to me Dave and you know, I'll mention this to if it's going to depend on the cycle as well, right? Like if you're going to start a gram a test, then there's going to be a much more highly likely hood that you're going to have issues or something that is going to be high aromatizing like debolfe for instance. Oh, oh, man. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, yeah. You're going to, you know, versus, you know, if you're doing one of these low dose cycles like we introed the show with, the likelihood of you needing an AI is going to be a lot lower than more tests, the more conversion, the more potential issues. I had a guy that I've worked with on and off reach out to me over the weekend Dave and he's been on TRT. He needed TRT and he's doing it himself. OK. He's off doing his own thing, not working with me and he had talked to some a clinic and I think that maybe it being getting stuff from a clinic for a while clinic told him, hey, we don't do AI's at all for anything under 250 tests. And you're, you know, there's no need. And we've heard that before like you're not going to have enough estrogen to have a problem. Yet he says, I'm so I'm getting this itchiness in this sensitivity, which turned into pain and I got a lump in my nipple, but they told me not to take, you know, you didn't need an AI at anything under 250. I think he's taken 200 and needless to say now, now he has this permanent lump because of the dogma of anti-AI. I think there's a middle ground. You know what I'm saying? There's a middle ground in there that AI's aren't all bad, you know? I think there's a combination of three indices, of three indices, terms, I'm three in the numbers and people tend to go away or the other. I know people, particularly with higher levels of body fat, they're even on correct T.R.T. doses half high estrogen. Now we might look at lesser estrogen management with things like dim or provider on rather than going down the ADX or a row of syndrome, but we're still going to look at some form of estrogen management. Particularly if it's creating problems. But yeah, it's... I think it's important that you check physically check, so you get the numbers. And it's also important that you listen to how you feel. And over time you'll start to get an idea of when I feel like this, this is where my numbers are. So you then start to, you know, that, okay, I'll start to feel that. Usually means estrogen somewhere around here. So I know if I take the XI said, I should sort of come down to where I need to be because this is why I've experienced in the past. So testing becomes less crucial than more you learn to relate to what's going on in your blood work, to what's going on in what your experience in birth. I think sometimes people treat the blood work when it's not necessary. Yeah. I've got an elevation level, but I feel brand new. And advice of people sometimes ignore things when they should be looking at it as well. I agree with you. 100%. Um, looking at this thing here, let's see. Can you talk about ways to lower pro-lactin? There's a few ways. A lot of it depends on how the pro-lactin's been driven up. So, prolatin elevates with stress and you'll get a milder, or you can get a mild elevation in pro-lactin, just from being on anabolic. No of the reason whatsoever. Yeah, because you're going to go slightly increase the stress. So if you're seeing pro-lactin just above range, chances are that's purely just down to anabolic. That isn't going to be significantly impacting on you in a way you feel or the way you perform. So generally, I wouldn't give you shit about it. The other thing that will drive pro-lactin, please elevate it, Eastern gin and elevate it, is subsequently drops. And one of the reasons for that is our, the mechanism within our hormones are very female driven. We, you know, when we, we first are in the womb, we are effectively females to be getting our testosterone here at week six eight or whatever it is. Um, so we're hence why males have nipples. So, um, if you get out elevation in Eastern and then a subsequent drop, so effectively you start a cycle, you get high usage and size of foth nations really high, you're slamming some aid, the excretion comes right down. That's going to trigger a rise in pro-lactin. Oh, really? Okay. Because it's part of the process of what happens within females and childbirth. Again, in Eastern blue, that all of a sudden drops off triggers the rise in pro-lactin and the start in the lactation. So, it's not a significant in a male, but that mechanism still has some play. So, there's also been a way of what preceded where your levels are, but again, that pro-lactin is not going to be significantly impacting. Now, with pro-lactin is confirmation, you're going to come from stress, P5P, generally will be very effective. And what it does, P5P increases the dopamine transport proteins. As a result, you carry more dopamine across the synapsis to the receptor, as a result, engagement of the dopamine receptor is increased, and that pushes pro-lactin down. Ciber works in the same effective way, but what Ciber does is plug into the receptor and make the brain thing, there's more dopamine there than there really is. When you get elevated pro-lactin from a nandre-lone, so train or decar, that's because it actually lowers the number of dopamine transport proteins. So, you're still producing the same amount of dopamine, but it can't get carried to the receptor. So, effectively, the brain thing's dopamine is low, and as a result, pro-lactin elevates. That's going to be significantly more impacting on you from a point of view of side effects. So, that's the one that causes the lactation, that's the one that causes the erectile issues and all those sort of lovely things that come with it. Now, what I have found is that if you know you're going on a cycle with an underlone, if you start P5P for a couple of weeks before, you elevate the number of transport proteins, the underlone comes on and reduces that number of transport proteins. But because you've elevated them in the first place, the offset is that general there's enough transport, what it means to carry the dopamine across, and the prolactin issues are nowhere near, it's severe. But if you try and lower prolactin issues with P5P, that have been induced by an underlone in the first place, the transport proteins are already low and the P5P just can't bring it up enough, and generally in that scenario, you're going to have to use GABA. Yeah. And that's what I sort of seen. I think that's a great explanation, man. We had a question or a topic, I guess. I'll just read this. Good show is always, many still say that Masteron lowers estrogen. And I know I've heard Dave say that it acts as a surm, because of what he's seen on blood tests with clients. By half in stance, I came across an article from a European journal on cancer from 1965. It states that Masteron probe was found to compete with the antigen binding sites, but not estrogen receptors from the studies. My question is, has either of you heard or seen of the study, and what are your thoughts on it? Thanks. There's a strong possibility that seen is that there's a study from 1965, the research is, well, I know it has progressed onwards. Now, Masteron, Droston Aron, was used in the treatment for breast cancer for several reasons. One of the reasons was that it engages with the estrogen receptor in breast tissue. Therefore, reducing the effect of estrogen at the ER and breast tissue and reducing the proliferation of breast cancer cells. The other thing it does is the ER and ER are both contained within the same cell. When the ER is engaged by Masteron, the downstream pathways are common to both. If one's occupied by ER production, the ER can't work as effectively, so that's the other mechanism. But there is also a metabolite from Masteron, the Byzantium estrogenic. Now, Steve covered this with a guy that was doing research and they started the whole. Yes. I tried to find a video of some reason I couldn't find it, but I have watched the video. The Steve was saying how he saw when he used Masteron is Eastern levels lower. And the guy who was doing the research was a doctor and he was like, what we've seen is the sometalite that acts like a firm. So, there is quite a lot of studies in fact, a dig digs them up, showing Masteron acting as a firm at breast tissue. So, there was one, 2024, which showed that Masteron was very equivalent to to Moxifene. Really? In ER blocking in the breast. Now, Masteron was supplemented in breast cancer treatment by to Moxifene and cloned. So, Masteron was used prior to the development of to Moxifene. And now, Masteron's fem came once slightly more efficient and they switched over to that. So, that was 2024. There was another trial in 2024 using CR1447, which is a Masteron derivative. It's a topic called used to rub on breast. It's showing that it reduced the iron engagement in breast tissue. Most of these are cancer stuff, but they're all showing the same ER. There was stereo receptor and drug response and breast cancer models from 2025. Again, showed that Dr. Stone-Alon analogs had an inhibitory effect compatible to Moxifene. Okay, interesting. In both, now this is the interest in both ER and PR. So, that was showing that Dr. Stone-Alon has an impact on processed front receptors as well. Interesting. Okay. And I could go on because it's quite a few, but the basic issue is there is a lot of cancer research showing that Dr. Stone-Alon has an ER blocking effect at the breast. Some are showing a bit of a PR blocking and like I said, now, if I don't find that video, I'm sure that Steve said he listed the studies in the bio that we're looking at this metabolite. I had this anti-eastern journey confection. I'll tell you what, guys, if you find that video posted in the comments and that way everybody else can go over and see Steve's videos. It was someone from the show that put me onto it. It was someone I wrote a link of in the show in a previous episode that put me onto it. Okay, yeah, so there's a clip. There's quite a bit there. So I did me homework for you for that one. There's good. That was really good, Dave. We have a bunch more. How about this one? This is from the stream again. Steve and he said I started trying the last night at 30 milligrams. Walk up in the middle of the night and had a panic attack. I've run trend previously, no problems. Am I overthinking? Am I overthinking? Which in turn caused my panic? Could easily be both. Or a combination of both. It could be... With anxiety and overthinking, the nature of that happening can be very much self-manifesting. So you go on trend, you expect trend to do certain things, make you overthinking. So you end up overthinking about trend because you're you know, that it could be psychosomatic to an extent. Yeah, very, very possibly. Depending on these only just started, I would be surprised if the trend had such a significant impact early on, but it's not impossible. Especially at that dose, 30 milligrams. I can tell you that when I had been in contest prep, I did find that while already on trend, while already having it in my system, if I were to take a shot at night before bed, that it did seem to keep me more like up, you know what I mean? And I guess, though, you know, you look at it and that Androgens are going to be like central nervous system stimulators. So there is that effect, you know? There's that effect. You'll get some immediate cleave in from the injection as well. So you're going to get some pure hormone entering the bloodstream. So yeah, I mean, obviously, once it's in the bloodstream, it's around the body in literally seconds. David Graham's common. He said, please to have had a hand in connecting David and his wife with putting glad to see that he's doing well with them. Okay. Yeah, you can have him buck. He's a pain in the ass. And another nice comment here from Northern. He says, Dave has had so much juice over the years. We should call him the man from Del Monte. I lie that's all I got. I'm not going to be a master of that. They'd be really chit-co. There's a good lunch from Del Monte. He said, yes. Good show is always, oh, here was the master and question. Question for you both. If I wanted to use Testsip, Daca and EQ for a strength in Balkan cycle, how much of each would you use weekly? And what would be a great way to get the best gains out of this cycle? Thank you both. I guess it depends too. Like what's his experience? Is this guy like just a tier T guy all his life? Because I'm not going to tell him to run a gram of Tests and, you know, a 600-deca and 400 EQ. Now you go there's your cycle, Mike Crack on. Yeah. Training would be a good idea. That will get the most out of the cycle. Yeah. Yeah. Surprise. Yeah. I give a people Dave that reach out to me, like, quote, then I'm coaching and they say, hey, is there anything more that I can do? You know, and what the, like any supplement, I should be taking or anything I can change around. And I'm telling, always, like, once we have things in a good groove, the number one thing you can do is getting the most out of your training, you know. I think it's a natural process. I think we, I've gone through it. I'm sure you've gone through it where you start, what else can I take? Sure. And, you know, in, it's got cases. He opens these shoe boxes as I look and see what is he got. What kind of play? We got about 14 mills of trend. All right. Well, this was a lot of this, but yeah, it is recipe box. But yeah, I'm going to take the old, we all go through that, you know, more is better, sort of phase of of approach and look for, excuse me, what else can I do, what can I add to this to make it better? And unfortunately, look about to cake making because the recipe sometimes you are too much and you're ruined the cake. Yeah. And it's the same with gear. You know, more is not always going to be better. If it makes you more toxic, overstresses you, you're going to find you in a negative position rather than a positive. So going back to the cycle. You know, I'm tempted to go 40440. Yeah. Dependent experience. If I was to go higher, I would go higher on the deck of all the tests. I wouldn't go higher on the EQ. First. Okay. I think for me, it depends on maybe the experience we've had. So I work with a guy who has had really good experience with DACA. So we know that DACA is a good compound for him. We didn't experiment previous off season. We were a he ran. I believe it was around might have been 900 tests. The guys had advanced lifter to the guys of the IPB Pro. 900 tests. I believe it was 600 or 700 DACA along with 300 EQ. And that worked great for him. We were actually doing that. We did that cycle again a second time. Worked great again. For myself, I'm more of an EQ guy. I found that my best ever cycle was test. And this is when I was Dosen stuff higher. It was like 1.25 grams of test. 800 EQ. And then the NPP. I didn't use DACA. I used NPP. Still Nanger alone. I did that at 200 to 300 per week. And I loved that cycle. Great for me. But I learned what worked for me first by having experimented with all these compounds individually. You know what I mean? Yeah, but I've had clients push tested 300 and decorate 900 and had amazing cycles. I've had clients that have put 300 decorating and gone turned into an a depressive emotional wreck. So you know there is a tolerance thing. There is well definitely. Yeah. So I guess it depends on the individual. But I would say what you're saying. Would you say 400 of each? Going blind with no background knowledge. I'd say that that's not a bad stop. And I know today is 1.2. So I'll switch to the Deseon crack for most people. True. True. All right. What else do we have here? All right. And once again just to remind you guys if you haven't hit the like button please do. Let's see, I compete in a little less than five weeks and then I'm coming off everything and just going back to TRT levels of 125 per week and perhaps completely off. If I cycle back on after eight weeks of what would be my would my receptors be fresh or should I go a little longer? You recepts is a dead after a day. But you get new ones. Right? You do get it. You do get new. So I think we've done this but very quick drug lesson testosterone and you will stream and it's the cell. Well I need any undergimps to be there and it's the cell connects to the AR creates the complete package travels down to the new clears tells it to do all the wonderful things increases contractual proteins increases nitrogen anti-catter-bolic all the rest of it and then it comes out of the nucleus. It leaves the undergim receptor and entry enters the bloodstream and it will continue to do things until it dies off. When it separates and the undergimps at the undergimps it divides into two. So you do not desensitize hydrogen receptors because they are constantly increasing and dying off etc etc. And undergimps is basically it's a constant cycle of new ones being produced all one stion off but the engagement of the the hydrogen receptor causes them to duplicate and then that that molecule of hydrogen might then get attached to a rematase and convert to each of the independent of what compound it is or it might attach to 5 AR and become a THT. If it's not already a THT or it might bind to a THBG and go from your arse to your shoulder or albumen and go from your shoulder to your toe and then convert or then engage with another AR and it will continue doing this silly days. So the blistery miss is melting plot of undergins engaging with various things be it receptors or transport proteins or 8 5 AR or aromasin. So I rubber days and then each region engaging with receptors or transport proteins and being moved around the body. So it's this constant melting pot of things going on all the time things dying off things being renewed. 100 receptors do not desensitize, they do not regulate in that sense. They will down regulate once hundreds of less the system because as they die off they're not going to be replaced on a duplication but that takes a little bit of time and it's downstream where you start to get elevated stress levels that can be counterproductive. So though you don't need any time for your undergenreceptors to recover you do need time for your downstream effects to recover. Generally speaking when you stop the cycle you want a period of no drugs to allow circulating home on levels to drop then you stay at the if you're going to t-arty straight away and we've covered this a few times but I'll go through it again. Let's say we're at a hundred emmall and every week in colline with a half life of drugs you use it drops by 20 emmall but you start your t-arty straight away so you go a hundred down to 80 reenject back up to 90 down to 70 reenject back up to 80 that extends your decline. Yeah quite significantly and even six seven weeks down the line you can still be above levels which means you're still driving him a globing up you're still pushing hates the L down and he's still creating downstream stress so stop who'll drop venti-arty that allows the body to recover the healthy you are going to the next cycle the better you'll respond and the better you're tolerated drugs so that's an individual thing but how I would say as long as you've got levels down quick enough 8 10 weeks bridge time is usually enough for most people but you know long there's not going to be a negative thing it's only means you're going to be fresh to go into the next cycle. Yeah generally all you know in a ideally we're doing a rebound to post contest so we don't need to add a bunch of gear in to make the most out of that you know you're in a great super-insulin sensitive place you can also get real fat real easily too but we're building that diet out and you know also too you maybe need a little bit of a break post contest of training if you're you really hit it hard but I wouldn't take that until after a month you know but besides that yeah I'm working on rebounding you filling you back up and eventually we hit a point where you kind of top off and if we can make that extend like eight weeks even a little bit longer and then add the gear in we can just keep going back up maybe you were you know I work with a guy that we were 200 pounds before the contest by the time that we actually got back onto the next cycle he was already two 30s and now we've pushed up into the 250s you know so you know take advantage of that couple more here about this one David says a simple question so he's running a test-deck a cycle if you were to use anovar with that would you do 25 a day for for 12 weeks or 50 a day for six weeks personally I'd go 50 a day for six weeks last six weeks that would be my approach yeah I could go with that I go with that that worked for me that was Patreon question thanks David for your support and do you guys ever see deficiency in iodine do you do you use iodized salt or Himalayan sea salt it's not something I've had the same results from the weed test for or in our bloods anyway so it's not something I'm generally guinnessy but I've never used I've always used either sea salt or Himalayan then anything else I don't you have to be careful with too you know especially if you have any kind of thyroid stuff going on I was going to just better say you have thyroid these dodgy as well yeah I remember dude a guy who was selling research comes years ago there's like 2005 long time ago in research chem days and we they had people that were saying I think this T3 is bunk I'm not getting anything out of it and he said oh you got to take iodine with it take a lot of iodine into work that's you're not getting enough iodine in that was so he wanted you to mega dose iodine while you're taking his T3 and I don't know about that no I mean I know under actually thyroid sufferers have to be very careful around crucial vegetables for that same reason it's not good for your thyroid yeah we had a bunch of other comments here we just kind of skim through these really quick java use uh oh like the oral test the undecanoate capsules you ever take those no I haven't either nobody has seen them no never even seen them but you're a werewolf right oh yeah I know they exist I just never has eaten yeah can't bonees with us can boneilaw make it really quick full body split just harder is it is a full body split just harder unless effective doing most compounds three weeks seem three times week seems more challenging even if it's three to four extra sizes isn't it better for body count too I think personally that the problem with the full body work out is because you're repeating it several times a week you're quite limited on the volume you can do with each session which means the intensity has to be high and people struggle generate in that level of intensity where a bro split allows more volume which will compensate for the intensity not quite being there at the end of the day you can train intensely or you can train a longer you can't do both and the nature of brief workouts or effectively high intensity workouts means that the intensity has to be high to make them effective um overall doing compounds three days a week shouldn't be too taxing I mean CrossFit focus do it every bloody day they deadlift and squat every time they train so you know it's it's viable but yeah I would say the issue is round to how much intensity you can generate which is why full body workouts sometimes are not seen as being as productive as a blow split unless you can train very intensely but you can still grow off him I mean it's somewhat johnpy it does quite a bit of these body splits and sorry you know full body or half body splits like two days wins well look at four to two training is a full body workout so it's going to be like maybe you're going to hit upper really hard and then lower body is going to be more like a pump work out and then next time it's going to be you know lower is really hard and upper body is a pump workout so but you are getting that activation and you know full body it's a not that phasing to almost like the feed is set approach where you do an intense workout then you back you do it with a more volume blood flow workout to increase nutritional transit within the muscle and everything else so maybe if you're struggling with it try that approach where you do you know certain exercises intensely and then the following workout you do over exercises intensely and more volume or some on the exercises that you previously trained intensely yeah somebody said on the train don't take it at night either morning injections I'm with that you know I'm definitely a fan of doing an earlier injection of train versus right before bed Dave we had one more important segment for the show today that we always need to get to so most work by some people they might even say it's the most important segment of the show it's called you're going to want Uncle Dave's advice out you and I've got a not thin why because I'm very poorly prepared and I was doing my master on research and forgot about it but you this is like your life reflections though will you have your whole life prepared for this you know uh could it be something about how even if you're a best friend lives all the way across the ocean it doesn't mean that you care about him even any less even though he's not just a catarabond just keep swimming we have that an ages just like just like dore is that an yeah sorry okay what about no no I don't know if I've done this I don't know if it's it's probably out because you do run out of shit you know I mean but there is there is going to be points in your life where you're only going to get through it by repetition by just getting up doing what you've got to do and getting through the day you are not going to be positive you are not going to enjoy life you're not going to enjoy work and it is going to feel like a slog for remote to quote Tom Hanks eat his temperate but it won't be temporary if you don't get up get on with it and get through it because by not getting on get on you're going to create secondary problems they're going to bite you on the ask later down a line yeah so yeah life life sometime can be shit you're at a town I'm pushing just like it was I sort of didn't even say in the he had and he what he said was basically good times sorry bad times they won't last yep good times they won't last yeah you know it will change and you just go roll it and sometimes routine and repetition is all you've got to get you through you just get up you do the shit you carry on doing the shit because it's what needs to be done when you start lacking in your responsibilities because you don't feel like it that's you know create an ongoing problem later on down a line yeah yeah I could see that I remember my dad hadn't given me like a lot of wisdom advice kid but I remember dealing with this situation as a teenager and him telling me you know Scott he gave me that kind of like you know dad advice that you would expect to dad give you a deep advice you said you know Scott you realize after a while that things aren't really ever as bad as you think they are but they're not as good as you think they are either yeah I mean you know if you're reflective there will be times in your life I suspect for pretty much everybody where you've sat there and gone how the fuck am I going to get through this yeah and yet you're through it yeah well you wouldn't be sat in now so you obviously got through you might be in that position now where it's just like how the shit am I going to get through this crap and we all literally all of us have definitely been there where we can't understand how it's going to get you know how I feel like I you know I remember going to prison saying in that sale in that first week and one just thinking how is my life come to this but two also just thinking how am I going to say I think how am I ever getting to get anywhere you know my life's over I've ruined it I've destroyed it ironically prison was the best thing that could happen to me because it gave me time to sort of really reflect and and sort my shit out I mean all right I meant restarting life in my 40s which probably wasn't ideal but at the same time you know I mean anything's achievable within a feather yeah and you know sometimes the worst scenarios because you just keep lot in fruit can create the best aftermath ever possible but yeah you know we've all been through shit where we've just fought oh I can't cope with this I can't deal with this and yet we do and it's just having faith in yourself just believe it all keeps with it yeah yeah I like that that's good man yeah I can imagine how that would have felt you didn't I can imagine how that would have felt sitting there like a weekend being like holy crap how did I get here you know it's yeah it's the thing is it's prison actually in certain ways isn't that bad because your meals are there your beds there yeah you know I've only you know I've already the any stressing your day to day life but then the issues are outside you have no control so if there is a problem at home you can't fix it you can't do anything about it and when you're locked in a room for 23 hours a day your brain will start twisting actually it very very quickly were you literally locked in in a room in a cell for 23 hours or I mean to start with the s and then as you get into the routine you end up even going to education or going to work and you start to get your gym time but your initial incarceration you get an hours exercise and you the prison I was initially in was every third day you got an hours free time as well where you could go out on the wing and make phone calls and other shower and stuff or rest of that one hours exercise go out and get your meals go back to yourself and that's all you ever did you got a shower every three days that was it yeah and you got to go out for one hour every three days plus no one hour a day you go one hour one hour yeah okay wow probably the worst prison I was in was Toronto I was one that Toronto that in the US before they kind of yeah I mean I'm sorry that's what I meant before they figured back out so that's when they that's when they first snagged you I imagine you went to like a county first or something right they I went to the agro detention center first okay in what's that that's actually that sounds like a prison or a jail it's sort of is yes so there's two levels to it because I was at that point in immigration's case then you'd go into sort of the general pot which is basically a dormitory environment so you're dealing with other guys and that's everybody yeah when I went to Toronto prior to deportation I was in a cell with three guys on a wing with a think it was six cells so it's triangular shaped yeah the long side has the showers and toilets which I completely opened there's no doors or anything and then you've got I think it was three or four cells three or four cells entry door in this corner entry door in that corner that was we would get exercise daily uh however there was an excuse every day to bring us in early so we'd be 10 minutes 50 every bloody day and excuse me something would go down wrong or yeah there would be something one of the guys oh he's done this wrong or he's he's looking at that window in the wrong way or he's walked it correctly you know there was always bullshit just to let's use to get us back it and then you you sell dog at the gym on it and it was a bar door so it was open to the wing you could see through it and you got that wing space which wasn't large all day and then you got locked up again and that was as narrow when it went to the UK system initially was too to a cell and then as I progressed I ended up with my own cell okay but yeah there was there was definitely dark times where I thought you know life as I know it was over sort of thing why was Toronto so bad kills because of the thing was that the officers were particularly antagonistic oh yeah I could see that so I was in as so with I was in a cell with a fat guy from Australia New Zealand who was caught in some technicality effectively um a Russian that like killing coppers and a young guy that committed his first murder it was definitely not all there so I thought it's like we're one eye on you're like hey I'm just here for taxes can I get a different can I get a well I mean any sort of attempt at communication of trying to get any sort of thing saw I was just pointless um the English system was a little bit more responsive but not much you know I mean you're trying to sort this out yeah okay three weeks later you still ask and same bloody questions oh yeah but once you get into what they call your sentence prison which is the prison you're going to spend the bulk of your sentence out then you started you're able to get enrolled in programs or or get a job or do something that least makes a day a little bit more productive and you got to do some painting and some drawing here I did and when I was in shots shots is a max security in Scotland yes guys in case you didn't know we haven't talked about this in a while it's on the floor it's not even hung up I don't mean this now it's a respect I have it in my office I have a bunch of pictures that I just kind of I put I put up against my wall like this and I just did you know the Dave drew this I mean not this actual one but this is a print of Dave's drawings I mean it's really incredible man technically that's one of my better ones I must admit I really like it yeah that's cool do you still ever do a prince for people yeah I do prince I haven't drawn in a very long time yeah probably I haven't drawn in two years but I still do this is number five of a series of 500 prints Dave signed it right there you guys I don't know if you can yeah you can see that Dave signed it how would they reach out to you if they wanted to get to get your prints or if they wanted to reach out to you for coaching social media usual all right I have that link down below and you got anything else coming up oh you're new app better better better you yeah better you dot online has launched basically it works out a pound a day and it's especially a coaching app does your diet does your training plans there's no anabolic section to it so you're not going to cycles but for someone who wants you know each issue for it does things like you can put in what restaurant you're going to and it will scoundrel menus and fit a menu choice around a diet plan is best it can okay if you shop in race so instead of having to go to the shop you just get a shopping list of all right I need to buy this this and this is the amount I need for the week yeah I like that that's cool yeah yeah I powered but work works really well actually yeah so yeah definitely son of for that everybody how you doing your cardio but nice weather we've been having you know I've been keeping up on my cardio Dave I'm doing a lot of cardio now and I lost a lot of fat yeah I want you to get my diet's being good but my cardio is being I have had a lot of football but to be honest that's the last four five days it's gone so I've had no excuses but no but my diet's being good good well I'm glad you're feeling better too guys and we appreciate everybody tuning in if you haven't subscribed then please do you know we have a lot of podcasts coming out we'd love to have you along for all of them and hit the bell leave us questions for the next episode you guys are freaking awesome with all your comments and everything and reach out to Dave on social media I'll have the links to Dave down below as well as reach out to me me me gdallydieds at gmail.com you can follow me on social media too I'll drop that in there and guys for another episode of the podcast uh brought to you by strong sports nutrition trunutrition.com user code think supplement source.ca for Canadians and of course evalbloodanelysis.com we got to your patreon questions today leave us more patreon questions from the next episode and Dave um sorry that I'm uh what was that word that guy called me? what do you call me? oh okay see you next Tuesday yeah I'm kind of a see you next Tuesday is what somebody said about me okay I guess I am I was for me yeah it's great I obviously I agreed with him oh god guys we'll see you next week thanks for tuning in