Hey everybody, welcome to episode 74 of It's Just Body Building. My friend Dusty Han-chan, myself, big round part, low. Welcome fitness Olympia Champion, Missy Truscott to the episode on It's Just Body Building. Dusty, I'm what's good word. I'm doing pretty good. We got another Olympiac Shamp on today. Yeah, I had to beg, send money, there was a lot of things that went on. I heard it went differently than that. So, valid. She was actually, she listens to the show as part of her prep, which basically means we won an Olympia. That's how I look at it. It freaks me out and I find it hard to believe, but it's nice to be able to say. Yeah, I asked her three questions just to make sure that she got them all right. Yeah, I was like, okay. You're trustworthy. Okay. So, yeah, now we got her on the board. We got a lot of questions for her, which is good to see. And we have more lady followers than I thought, because my DMs kind of lit up with the fact that we have a female on the show. So, good news. Yeah, there's some appreciation out there. So, before we get going, got to do the like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell, all that stuff. Early on in the episode. Make sure we get that out there, insert, fancy graphic. Yeah, except for episode. We got this shit ready now. It's amazing. You know, by the time we get to 100, it'll probably, well, possibly look like we're not what we're doing. We're at least it's got us tamed it in some way. Or it's got us hired someone to just do it for him. We'll see. We'll see. Okay. Okay. Let's bring Miss Yon with no further edu. Oh, that word. That's my French accent, Dusty. We're selling. There she is. So, congratulations. I mean, obviously, you know, dream come true. All the hard work, all the mental chats. You probably have it yourself for a long time. How does it feel now to sit back and just sort of be the champ for a couple of weeks? Thank you. Yeah. It's starting to really sink in now. It's been like a super long journey. It's funny because like Dusty is someone I actually watched on YouTube growing up in Canada. You know, back when you're with I-Force. I would watch like your YouTube video. So, it's super like, it's just kind of like a full circle. Like everything's kind of like coming back around and getting more like recognition from people and, you know, They're recognizing the hard work I've put in. But, yeah, you know, this is just kind of like the beginning now. You know, being Miss Fitness Olympia and winning the Arnold Classic, too. It's kind of like a new fire inside of me where it's like now I need to work harder. Like there's these younger girls kind of on my tail now. And it's like, it's freaking go time. Like, I'm ready. Yeah. Tell us how you got started in competing. I know you're from Canada. Yeah. But yeah, so how did you actually get on stage to begin with? So I started lifting when I was like 17ish. I was a competitive gymnast and cheerleader. And then from there I trained for probably a solid two years. And then I started competing at the, like, Now it's called CPA, but at the time it was a year in Ontario. So I competed like at the regional level. And then I went to provincials all within a summer. And then one of my pro card in 2012 in New Westminster. British Columbia. Out and out in my neck of the woods. Right. Right. Yeah. You got your pro card at the Nationals out here. So, so that was quite the. The metal ceremony. Yeah. I was a little rattled because, you know, you have to be a good. You got to be able to lose to right. Like in that moment, I knew in my heart I freaking dominated the physique ground. Like I knew, you know, that they would have to, like really execute their routines on Sana and Whitney to be in that first place. And I knew I brought it to. So the judges do have a hard job. I wouldn't want to be a judge. So in that moment on stage, one Bob called me for second. You know, I was just kind of like, well, it is what it is. Like I have a great support system. Like my husband loves me no matter what. It's not like the money is going to change my life. It is a lot of money, but we're fine, you know, like I do this because I love to compete. I don't do it for the money. So at the time, I was just kind of like, oh crap, I guess we'll get another second place medal. I'll have to try harder next year. Like, yeah. She beat me it is what it is. But when Bob called me back and took the medal back, I was like, okay. What's happening now is Whitney moving up and my moving down, like, something's happening. And I guess people in the audience started filming my husband because he, like, stood up. And he was like, pacing back and forth and Kenny gone. We're like doing the same thing. They were like all yelling in the audience. So yeah, it was pretty cool. You're talking about Kenny from the posing coach, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you work with him the whole time. He's he's awesome. He's the best. I mean, like, I, when I lived in Connecticut, I would go and see him at the, super training gym and the powerhouse. And yeah, he's just awesome. He's so passionate. And yeah, he's great. If you haven't posed with him or your listeners, I definitely recommend he does do like Skype calls and stuff. So, he's great. So you're standing there. They call you back. Didn't Dana say something to you? Didn't deal be say something to you? Um, her or say something. Yeah, she, um, she was like, I think you're okay. I think you're okay. And I'm like, all right. Don't know what that means. And then I can hear other girls on the stage. Like, you got Stephen Harvey, and all this. And I'm like, who's Stephen Harvey? Like, I can get. So I'm waiting for these memes to come out. Nothing has come out yet. But yeah, it was really funny. Yeah, we were watching at home and we, we immediately thought, you know, this has to be a first. There's no way they're going to like bump down. Right. So yeah, you know, everyone was really happy to see that win. Did you feel like, um, you feel like the crowd was really happy for you? I think so. Yeah. Cause like, when they call me second, I heard booze and like, what the heck? Like, yelling and stuff. And I'm like, okay, like, keeps my lean. It's okay. Like it's fine. Whatever you get it checked. You got a cool metal. Like it's all good. And then when they call me back, I heard more booze and I'm like, are they mad about Oksana? Like, what's happening? But as of right now, like, you know, we all work really hard to be that entertainment factor for the, like, whether it's the Mr. Olympia or the Arnold sports festival. So, you know, hats off to all the fitness girls who bring it because, you know, we fricking train hard just as hard as everyone else. And a lot of us have some crazy injuries that were working through. So it's just, that's always my argument with that is you guys have to have the same conditioning as the rest of us. But then also put on a routine like that. And I'm like, I'm just happy I can walk across the stage and kind of get it done exhausted. I can't imagine being like, oh, now, act like you feel as good as you've ever felt. And you've been eating and then put on this routine and just practice it for months on end. You know, I, I always say that by the time I get to the show, I would always be so banged up that I would like have to make a decision on whether I was going to do any kneeling twisting poses in my routine or not. And if I was healthy, I do like a kneeling shot and if I wasn't healthy, I wouldn't kneel. And then I see the fitness, the fitness competitor just come out and just, you know, and I just think, man, this is a different world. So John matters as my coach and Terrence, rough diesel on Instagram. He was up in our sweet doing some like posing and stuff like John. And like his body, like how you were saying, like, you're just kind of like completely dead. His body was like pop pop pop pop pop. As he would like start flexing like crack crack crack crack crack crack. Oh, damn, like, but he was peeled. He looked really good. But yeah, it's, you know, it's crazy because I do train like a bodybuilder under John, you know, we're doing like push pull legs. My off season because I had to bring up my back to be competitive with against socks on and Whitney. We did a like a phase where it was six weeks of back three times a week. It was just a couple of intense, so intense. And then the legs was like six weeks, three days a week of legs. My dream we weren't squatting every, every third day or whatever. It was like maybe once a week. But you know, it was hard. Like I freaking killed it. But I'm glad to be, I'm glad that you're all like paid off, you know, what, what was the first thing John Meadows said? When he talked to him. When I, when I won, yeah, he, he, he, I think he knew when his heart that I was going to win. Like even on all my training, like plans and everything he would put like a limp year when he, he believed in me a lot and same with my husband. It's just kind of like having that belief in yourself. And I think why I play second last year was because I knew, I think deep down in my heart that I really wasn't there mentally to be the champ. And I think we saw that too. Whereas now I have more like this confidence and I'm ready to be an ambassador of sport. And I think they really rewarded me with that. And I, you know, just brought a whole new level of myself. Yeah, I thought you're, you're just going to be a little bit more like, I mean, the physique was kind of, I hate to not not a sharpening else, but I knew before the show you would win those physique rounds. Was it a little bit, um, I don't know, exciting or little extra, um, not, not in a bad way, but in a positive way that oxana and you work together to bring up your routine and then that ends up being the reason that you're able to, to win. I mean, essentially you were winning the physique round in my opinion for a couple of years. So thank you. Um, so oxana and I work together for the Arnold, which is March. Um, she helped me with my intro of the routine, which was great. She's, you know, very artsy and we have very different styles. Yeah. So, um, as I, you know, started getting ready for the Olympia, um, I just knew that like I wasn't going to use her, obviously, because she's my competition. Right. That really worked. Right. Um, so yeah, I meant to me, I knew I wasn't going to use her and we just have different styles. I, uh, yeah, I just, uh, sorry. What was the question again? No, basically just how was it? I mean, having, because she had to essentially step away from the sport and then you did some work with her. And obviously, you know, she's an icon on the sport. And now here you are, you're fast forward. And it's like, you know, now you're, you're, it kind of you said it's a full circle. Now you're beating people who you used to look up to. And even, and even that helped you in some way along the way, even if it's not used now, is that just kind of extra, um, I don't know, like, there's something you look at in your man, like, I've arrived. I'm competing with and even beating people I've looked up to for years. I mean, they were around for a long time when you were, you know, shooting up the ranks like you said essentially you were to them what you're looking back at now is the, uh, the hungry ones coming up, you know. Right. For sure. Yeah. No, it's definitely like something that's, it's like a huge accomplishment for myself. I, I talked to Whitney Jones about it. Her and I kind of had like a little heart to heart. She was, uh, two-time in Colombia. Also someone I've, like, really looked up to in the sport. Um, we always stay in contact, but I said to her, like, do you know what I'm sorry? Like, I kind of, like, I feel like bad, you know, because she was the champ, you know? Um, like, no, this is your time. Like, I relish in this, like, enjoy every moment of it. And I'm like, yeah, okay, you're right. So, yeah, I think we, we're all, like, super tight. And we all really genuinely care about each other because we know what we can go through. Um, but it just, you know, matter of time before, you know, the younger people start coming up and, um, really perfect for the physics. It's, uh, it's another reminder, you know, OXNF, you know, working with her and, and getting better and then actually beating her. Um, it's, it's, it's another example of, I think, what, you know, body building, the physique culture has always had in it, which is, people help each other out. And, and it's at all levels. Like, you know, the legendary story of Kevin LeBron helping Ronnie in the hotel room, and then the next day Ronnie beat him for the first time. You know, or, or Phil, you know, Jay, Jay seeing Phil at that show and saying, you could be something special and then he winds up losing the sand out to him, you know, eight years later. And, and, and there's all these stories of like the best people in the world reaching down to help others. And then that turns out to be the next, you know, the next Jedi, you know, sort of thing. And, you know, is that, is that how you, you feel about everything in your sport with the fitness that everyone's like that? Absolutely. And I, I'm really proud for this, the BL alone because I, you probably have like a lot of body builder followers. But what people don't realize is this fitness, Olympia was like the biggest ever. It would be like say, Dorian and Ronnie, we enabled to come back and, like, hunter being able to step on stage with them. You know what I mean? Right. Right. He being able to compete against Oxana, four time, mislead like who can say that they were able to step on stage with Ronnie. Maybe they weren't out there, primary, like, the eighth, but I still got to do it, you know? Like she came out of the fireman. I got to stand next to her. So it's, it's a really, it's a really big deal for me. Yeah. It was, was she the champ when you started training? Yeah. Yeah. Her and a Delagracia were. They were always going back and forth. Amazing. Amazing. That's a full circle right there. You're, you're watching her win when you're getting started. Yeah. So one thing that we love about you, aside from the fact that you actually watch a show, which blew my mind. What's she watches a show? I'm going for my walks and like, listen, well, I listen. I'm like, yeah, listen. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, but the, the other thing that we love about you, well, I guess the Canadian thing I love about you too. So now there's a few things. So, so, uh, it's the training. We know how you train because you train with John. And we know you're doing incline barbell presses. And we know you're doing, like, all sorts of nasty bullshit on like day. And we know that you're lifting heavy weights. And you got, you know, I've seen photos of you with like chalk. And, you know, you're all like going to a bigger, like, uh, the big power bar on the, the big fat part in the middle. You're doing inclines with those one day. Yeah. And thank you. Show the bar. Yeah. And, uh, so, you know, we just love that you train like that. And, and, and, you know, how, how, how is your training evolved to get to that point? You know, you probably get a lot of people who think that it's, they're, they don't want to train like that, but they have to. So, I, I feel like I've always had that like body builder kind of mentality growing up, because I had people like dusty. I would follow on YouTube, um, you know, Jay Cutler, Ronnie. It was just something that I always wanted to do. And I do find like, I release a lot of just like built up anger or whatever kind of in the gym. It's like, I know it's like cliche, but it is kind of like a therapy, right? Um, but it's just something I love to do. I was super competitive with cheerleading and gymnastics. And it kind of rolled me over into this whole realm of like fitness. Um, so I hope that, you know, I can start bringing in younger girls who graduate college and don't have that outlet of gymnastics or cheer anymore. They'll come over into the fitness division. Um, I think a lot of people too, I mean, one thing I hope, and I think you do a pretty good job in it's, it's going to be magnified even more now, because I mean, you won everything, essentially, is that you have a very feminine physique and look top to bottom, but you train like a freak. And I think there's always that crossover where people don't understand that the training is the reason that you can have the muscle mass you have without delving into other things that you don't want to do. You know what I mean? And that's where I feel things get missed is I see girls and I get, you know, obviously clients that will send their training videos and I'm like, was that a warm up? Yes. Like you really want to make sure, like were you sending me a form video because I need to see you train and they're like, no, no, no, that was my sad. I'm like, no. So I mean, I would love to see you guys put out more content showing the training because I think people look at your physique and they don't realize that it's a same intensity of someone like Ron, myself, Kai, or all these guys that people know to be free to create a sculpted physique like yours. You know what I mean? I just feel like a lot of the females want to use a scalpel in the gym when sometimes just sledge hammers what they're looking for. Yeah, wow, that's a really good analogy. And I agree 100% with the energy and I agree 100% with that. You do have to, you have to like, something needs to like switch in your mind where you need to be able to like unleash. And I got that from John. Like there's a lot in the tank that you just need to kind of like empty out. But it is like an everyday, all day, type mentality. You have to make sure that you're eating enough, like if you are in your off season so that you can fuel that workout out and you know make sure that you're not getting injured when you're training but you are lifting heavy. That's one thing I really learned with this off season. Yeah, I had to get a little fluffier but I mean, it is what it is. You still have to like freaking go hard, right? I just love that you said that because it's as you know and I'm sure you get it's everyone wants to remain Instagram ready. But then they wonder why they are down a pound next season when they compete and they look the same or worse. Right. And it's like, but you just set it. You made the short term sacrifice for the long term goal. And that just you know, those are the things that I feel like we kind of try to drive through on the show is what are people not seeing. You know, the training, the eating. I'm sure you don't love you know, being heavier. You love walking on looking like you do now but you want to win. Right. Exactly. And that's the biggest thing. What are you going to like sacrifice to do to win? So, you know, it is hard sometimes mentally right now like putting on like a little bit of weight. And then posting on Instagram like you're not that rip self anymore. But it's like in that moment, yeah, okay, it kind of sucks whatever. But like six months down the road when you're miss fitness Olympia. Like it's all it's all worth it like who cares. You know. So the way you train, you know, I know you're probably doing cluster sets on the Pendulum Squad and all sorts of nasty stuff which is the toe I train too. So how do you manage like, you know, you mentioned injuries earlier. But like how much management of your joints and your wrists and your shoulders and stuff. Did you have to do pretty much all year? You know, what was your routine? So I haven't really talked about this on any like shows or podcast or anything. No one really knows this because that my husband and John, but I did have a shoulder injury, this entire crap. Both elbows are completely shot. Sports, sports shots and stuff. And so I am looking, tomorrow I actually have a doctor's appointment for my last elbow. So I'm hoping that everything's fine with it. But if it's not, this is the perfect time to get it looked at and get it all figured out. But it's the same thing. Like as I get older, like I just have to make sure I'm warming up that my form is good. If certain exercises are hurting it, then I have to kind of take the gas off a little on it and try something else. That's not going to irritate it. But yeah, Dusty, I got to say one thing. You posted a freaking video on YouTube about ham curls. Like maybe two months ago or something. No, maybe about a month ago. You talked about how you drive your pelvis into the pad. I literally had been doing hamstrings. I haven't felt my hamstrings in 17 years until I've got that video. I tell my husband every time I train hamstrings, you just kind of tilt your pelvis in and really squeeze it up and I swear to God, like hamstrings have never felt this good before. It's a wacky thing when you train with weight because when I was younger, I would do like a dumbbell leg curl, you know, with it in your feet. And I'd use like 120 pound dumbbell and I had no hamstrings. And then it clicks one day and also in the 70s kick in the shit out of you. You can barely get the reps because you're doing it right. And you're like, so I wasted how many years. Do you want to back glute curl movement? Right. And I have zero lower back pain now when I train legs. That's what I'm up with the hamstring. You know, it's freaking crazy. So it is awesome because there's one of those things where I think we all kind of steel gems here and there. And I tried to John actually train a lot of my training years ago. And I'll still to this day. I'll put something up like I've posted the rear delts wing so many times that that's now my movement. I'm like actually. Right. That was taught to me like a decade ago, but whatever. Because people will tag me and they're like, oh, and dusty movement. I've never invented a single movement in the gym in my life. Right. Right. How often would John actually train you in the gym? I mean, we see photos in the odd video. Yeah. So my husband and I we flew out four weeks before the Olympics, just to get a, like a good training session in and some content. And then we also went to the elite FDS headquarters. Yeah. Pretty awesome. Yeah. Did the new one? Yeah. Yep. So they actually, they're now sponsoring me as an athlete. So that's pretty awesome. They put an amazing equipment. So we probably have a 40 grand worth of their stuff down here. So now if we can get a bit of a discount, that would be pretty. So yeah. Okay. So how did you, how did you think about your training? After your sessions with John as opposed to before you ever trained with him. You know, you were following his program, but hadn't trained with him yet. You remember that point when that happened? Yeah. So I, the first time I trained with John was back in March. I actually had someone else doing my nutrition. He was just specifically doing my training program. And at the time, I just felt like John can really, he's very calm. He's very, like, calculated, but he can really pull stuff out of you. Like, in moments where you think you're at your complete failure, he's like, no, five more. Like, you can see a video where I'm like making these noises. That, like, I didn't even know I can make because I was like, dying. But he was like, come on, keep going. Keep going. And yeah, it was just, he really, yeah, he's able to pull something out of you. He's super motivating. He's really awesome to be around. Yeah. He's a very, fun guy to train with too. I've been fortunate to train with a couple of times. So we're both older and a little banged up. So we agree on exercises very easily. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's good. It was good. We look at each other. How are your hips? They're okay. Okay. Can you do this? I can do that. Let's go. And then you just try to wreck yourself on it. You know, you pick the worst possible format for the set and just make it brutal. Right. Make it painful on what you can do. We got it. We got to make sure we grab some of these questions. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can fire off a few. I put up a thing last night and I got just got hammered with questions for you, Missy. Okay. Here's a good one. How do you balance your life and your fitness career? Um, so everything is like about balance. Being able to, you know, put things into perspective where you're going to like put your time into. Um, so I think as I've gotten more deep in the fitness division and wanting to really climb the ranks, um, I was actually working at a hospital as a full bottomist. So drawing people's blood. Um, that was like two years ago. My husband was like, you know what? If you want to be like the next fitness Olympia, you need to just quit and focus on that. So balance that way. I had to give up that job there to just focus on this. Right. What about just like day to day? I mean, because that's something we get a lot of with people. I mean, obviously you're pretty fortunate that Matt's all about it. But I mean, you know, when you're in prep, there's probably not, I mean, what does a day look like for you? Because I know what a day looks like as a body but you got to add routine and everything else on it. I mean, your gym from the time you wake up to you got a bed. And what's it look like? So my sleep is really bad during prep. I'm probably up at like, I probably get up around 4 a.m. And then I'll do my foster cardio. And then I like to take the dogs for a walk. We do about a two mile walk in the morning. And then I start my day with like eating. Um, so I'll do like my meal one meal two, and then I'll train. And then eat again, fitness routine. And then I'm eating pretty much all day until bed. Um, so really, I mean, when I am in like hardcore prep mode, um, it's like just fitness. I'm just so submerged in it. It's kind of like obsessive, but I think you have to be that way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For so much, how much cardio, how much cardio how much cardio, how much cardio, I mean, I first of all, I'm laughing at how you said I get up and do my morning cardio. And then I take the dog for a two mile walk. So it's like, it makes me feel like you don't count the two mile walk, which has horrifies me. So. And then later, I do fitness routine, which also might be cardio vascular. Just a little bit. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. So give us an idea. How much cardio is your your actual cardio? Sure. So John, well, you guys know, he's he keeps the cardio really low because we don't want to fatigue the legs. So, um, but four weeks out, I was probably doing around 45 minutes of stairs. And then just the two mile walk with the dogs. But as you know, in Seattle, we have like a lot of hills. And yeah. The elevation is pretty crazy on some of those hills. So it's uh, it's definitely a burn. The walk with the dogs would absolutely be my cardio as the point run. That's that's like exactly what I was thinking. And what about the whole, what about the food situation now? What type of metabolism are you the type of person that's eating 300 grams of carbs a week out or are you like suffering down to nothing and what's going on? So this was honestly like I went to the dark side here. Like I was John had me on like the egg white diet ketchup and egg white. Oh, a sugar-free ketchup and egg whites. Yeah. That's the that's my ultimate way to get my glutes ripped. Yeah. Totally. I've never had straighted glutes before and I did this time around and it was freaking it was awesome. Um, but my so December 15th, I wrote it down. My carbs were at 200 grams on training days, non-training days. I was at 40 grams of carbs. So there were some days where like I didn't want to get up off the couch, but you know, you've got it. Yeah. There's house worth that needs to be done. You've got to cook food. Got to make sure my husband's got all those meals ready. So it's, you've got to try it. You've got to try to keep the charade of being a normal person somewhat in place for those last four weeks. This is minimum required amount of functionality to fulfill everyone else's needs. Right. The one good thing that was my husband, he actually like diets hard to. So like he understands what it's like to be like deathly depleted and like just not want to do anything. Yeah. So he gets it and he was like, no, I'm just like chill watching that like stay on the couch, whatever. Right. Right. No, but I have laundry to do and he's like, no, you have to sit down and you don't like. Is he the type of guy that cuts his carbs a little with you? Or is he like, now you're on your own? No, no, he like literally does his own thing. I'm a bad influence right now. Like hey, baby, you want to go get like five guys? He's like, no. Oh, can I make a box cake? He's like, no. Give me a box. Hey, just send it to me. That's fine. You got to, you got to yes from Arizona. We're good to go here. Here's a question. How long would it take you to teach dusty and eye your Olympia routine? Well, I should die day one. So I think we should be good to go. You could all the required surgeries as I hurt myself along the way. You got well, first we got to make sure you guys can jump off of the six foot cage and do a front touch. So yeah, you kind of came, you kind of came out of the starting gates with a big move there. How was that? What was the pressure on? I know you've done that move a million times by that point, but what do you think in? Yeah, so I actually worked my way up. I was starting on like a two foot play a box. So from like really low on the ground all the way up to six feet, like it was a long process, but how long? How long? I started a March, the end of March with the with the front touch. All of our gyms and Seattle got shut down. So I literally bought mats from a gymnastics club that went out of business and I was practicing in my driveway. So the neighbors think you're nuts. Crazy fitness. Check live in next to us. So yeah, I see your listeners go to my YouTube channel, Missy Truscott. You'll see I uploaded a video where it's just kind of like unseen footage of my Olympia prep. I see kind of like practicing on like a little box and then up on the big cage. So it was cool. I don't like you calling a two foot box, little number one, as a giant leap for some of us. I was even at myself and hold a bar of some sort to step down to feet for sure. So you know, you know, I actually get to say I literally, I was at a, I was at a place, getting some food delivered in large amounts and they had a, where the trucks back up and they guys like, oh, hop down here and I'm like, hop down. I don't hop shit. I like sit down on my butt and like scoot off the edge slow motion. Don't break anything. Don't break anything. Okay. We're safe. Yeah, it's, it's a lot. I started, I started to thought that leap off the box. That's like once you got that opening move out of the way, do you just feel like you're off at that point? Yeah, that move was the one I wanted to make sure that nothing bad was going to happen. Like, you know, anything can happen. Your knee could go, your killies, like anything, like just the thought of it. So it would kind of keep me up at night, but the stage was actually like kind of a plywood-ish. My, my fear was going through the stage, but you know, with the momentum going forward, you just kind of roll out of it. But yeah, I love it, Ron. Just roll out of it. Just tuck in roll. You know, you know, Ron tore a quad, just trying to roll out of it one time. Just say, yeah, I did. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, we will get into that. But what about, um, like, do you use massage? Are you getting, you know, cupping done or you're getting grass and done? Like, what sort of techniques would you say you, you like on the regular? So, um, I go to this herbal foot massage place in, uh, Kirkland. There's this guy named Andy. He's probably in his 80s, but he is so strong. Like, I would see him about four weeks out of his going twice a week. He would just do like, uh, like, your feet. And then he would do like a full body, like elbows, all that kind of stuff, like stretching. He was great. So I was doing that about twice a week. And then I have a chiropractor that I see. I was seeing him once a week just to get re-adjusted and, um, hips kind of like pulled out and everything. Right. Um, and then my doctor's obviously for like, uh, the shots and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You had cortisol in your elbows, you said. Both elbows and shoulder, like three times because it actually was my bicep tendon, but they, they, the first doctor I saw thought it was my rear delt. Um, so he hit me like twice back there and then I went to another guy and he was like, oh, no, what you buy a september and I'm like, so, the end of going in there. What, what, what would you do if just for some reason you couldn't do fitness? What would you do figure? Would you do what would you, yeah, like, you know, what would happen? Figure, I actually competed in figure 2018. I did up on shows. Um, I didn't really well actually place second at the Kentucky muscle. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Order states. I did, um, place second at the upper Midwest. So yeah. So when you said yes, you wanted to do some extra shows or you needed a break or bought his beat up or why did you play with that idea back then? Um, I back then I played with that idea because I, I felt like I wasn't really getting rewarded in fitness. I was getting a little discouraged, like I've been doing this for eight years, like, why am I not giving? Why am I not, like, moving up here? Like, so I thought, let me try a figure and see where I end up. Um, but yeah, and you did, um, I want to say God, I wish I could remember what was called, uh, was your breakthrough? What was the kind of the breakthrough show where you were kind of back in the mix with fitness? I mean, didn't you do, I went to a show in California. I can't think of where the hell I was, but I thought you either wanted to look second place at in fitness. These in. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was 2018. So that was like the stint where I was kind of like going between fitness and figure back and forth. Okay. Yeah. So does that, what kind of put you back and track of like maybe maybe they are seeing me now or what? Yeah. Um, it was like that kind of time. My husband and I would do like to travel. So at the same time, we were like, yeah, let's go to these different places and you can compete and we can do whatever. So it was just kind of just like a different like experience. But, you know, after I placed second at the Olympia in 2019, I was like, okay, I need to stick with fitness and just keep riding this out. Right. Now, your, the, the big question I have for the fans is, uh, are you going to be a just Olympia girl now or are you going to win the Arnold again this year? Oh, I'm definitely doing the Arnold. Every, I didn't, I didn't say doing you missed the wording. We missed the wording up there. I stood winning. Are you winning? No, no, no change my words. Yeah, I, I, I am going to bring my best try to win the Arnold. Um, nice. And I definitely, I want to do the Toronto Pro show as well because that's like my hometown and um, I did it back in like, 2016, I think, I placed like 8th. So I need, I need to like, redeem myself there. Right. I, I like that. No, that's one thing I wish, you know, in the late 90s, early 2000s, bodybuilders competed. Like, constantly. I think that's one thing I love about fitness and I'm not into bikini myself is, is watching but I do love that the girls that win the Olympia will do any show. Yeah. Yeah. I remember, you know, remember the Grand Prix Day's Dusty. Yeah, the, the, the, you know, in the magazine of like, they did like 13 shows in a month after the Olympia, you know, I'm just crazy stuff like that. Yeah. So, what, what did you miss the most? Um, so first of all, where are you located? Yeah, I don't Washington. Oh, it's Seattle, right. Yeah. So how was your, I mean, I'm looking back on the year now with like shut downs and gym closures and all that stuff. What was, what was your biggest challenge of 2020? Um, the biggest challenge for me would probably like in, like, in fitness, you mean, just in life generally. Yeah. Yeah. I think it would be like just not being able to see like my in laws. Um, okay. That's, you know, as difficult we go there every Christmas, um, they're down in California and we had plans after the Olympia to go and see them. Um, but for whatever reason, Sacramento shut down like their hotels for like non responders or unless you were a non-respir, first, yeah. Yeah. First responder. I'm sorry. Yeah. Unless you were a first responder, you couldn't stay in a hotel so, you know, it's just kind of sad because, you know, we love them. We want to see them. That's kind of like our routine seeing them by very Christmas. But, um, yeah, I guess just not seeing family. That, that, that, that was, I think a lot of people's challenges this year. Yeah. You know what I mean? What, um, what do you think you learned? What was your biggest lesson from that whole year? From, you know, starting your prep going through all the COVID non-sense all the way to win in the Olympia? What was the number one thing that you take away from that whole year? Um, I think it's going back to like the whole bodybuilding routes. Like, I have a really good home gym here, but it's, like, if you want to put on size, like that quality muscle, you got to go back to like the compound movements, like squatting and dead lifting and, you know, doing other types of, like reverse-banded squats, like just hitting the muscles in different ways. I think that really helped my physique, honestly, having to train here by myself, tapping into that, like, how bad do you want? I missy kind of mentality. Right. With no one, no, like external, like, motivation from the gym just just me down here, grinds it out. So you and you and Sean Clarita have a lot in common. Because he, he was, you know, he was stuck in a barbell dumbbell only basement dungeon, right? Oh, yeah, yeah. And, and yet you both made huge improvements and won titles. And, so like Dusty and I, we like to live in this fantasy world where our show uncovers the truth of hard training and the importance of high intensity basics and all that sort of stuff. So whenever I see a theme like that, I have to make sure we pointed out, you know, it, it, 2020 brought a lot of, like, how bad do you want it out of people? Great time. Yeah, for sure. What thing too, what we, well, we draw, like, I find it interesting that talking to Sean, talking to you ourselves, it doesn't matter what level you're at. You, you kind of drift away sometime to start playing with more machines or different things. And then when you're forced, I know for me, I used to travel around I have a free membership of pretty much every gym in town. So I've like, oh, two days I like going here because they have this and when COVID hit, it put me in one small gym that's literally a third of the size of all the ones I played in. And now that essentially here, everything's open again in COVID's here, but I'm allowed to do what I do. I stay in the small gym now. Like, I have no interest in playing on all the other stuff because the best improvements happen when you're forced back like you said. And it's like, we have a bar and a shit ton of weight. So do what you want to do. I mean, if you don't have any injuries and you can work like and bust your ass, like you're going to make improvements, then it's going to be good. And you know, it feels a lot better to like squat heavy or like, rackle or deadlift than doing like some machine, like chess row or something, you know, like, but the work in like you feel that like reward. So yeah, I agree 100 is fun to to get back to basics. How do you feel about, I mean, you must be getting a lot of messages now from from younger female competitors or girls that want to get into it or girls that idolize you, how do you feel that being a limpia champ has sort of altered your duty or responsibility to, you know, be that person for them. And how does that feel? Yeah, it's Instagram is definitely overwhelming, but it's overwhelming in like a good way. I try to get back to everyone as for like the young females, especially with the fitness division. Not a lot of people know this, but at the amateur level, there's no physique round. It's just routine. So as long as you're in like decent shape, you can do your two minute routine and compete and you know, you get scored and it is what it is. But when you get to the pro level, obviously, you have to do the physique round. So then you have to put some time in training and everything. So I just want to encourage like younger girls, you know, reach out to me if you want. And yeah, we gotta keep getting more eyes on the fitness division. Because I think it is really entertaining. And I know a lot of people enjoy it. Yeah, I have to huge. I think everybody like, I know from my early days, I only watched bodybuilding and fitness routines. Because it's fun. You know what I mean? It's like, well, you know, I mean, all kidding aside, when you watch a fitness routine, you know that it's, you can't do that. You know, I think we like things that are a little out of touch and then at the highest level, it's insane. So, you know, do you coach people with that? Do you do like online or do anything or? Yeah, online in person, choreography. Yeah, if any girls have any questions, just shoot me a message. Because I, I'd love to, you know, help them out. That's awesome. Any, any more questions for Missy Dusty? Well, I have a million, but here's the big one. Everyone, I have three of these. What is your favorite food that you get to eat as soon as the show is over? Sure, cheap food. I love carrot cake. Oh, good choice. Carrot cake is the best. You had one cheap meal a week, the whole diet, though, didn't you? That's what I heard. Is that, is that true? No. Up until like November. Oh, okay. Okay. Maybe October. About October. Some reason I heard you were having one piece of carrot cake a week. That's what I heard. Oh, that's nice. That's nice. She wishes. So you get in that shaping carrot cake every week. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Now, I just tested. Yeah, just tested. Yeah. Lock it in. So the final thing that I did, one of my clients asked, I want to make sure I get in there is how was your mindset different leading into this year versus any other year that you think separated you to be able to win? I kind of touched on it a little bit. But it was the whole 2018 or sorry, 2019, second place in Olympia. I just kind of thought in my heart like, yeah, maybe I'm not ready. But this year, I put the work in. I knew that I was going to bring a killer physique. I had that confidence on stage that like, I want this. It's my time. I'm ready. I just knew the sacrifice and training. I mean, sitting down, sitting down on a chair, it would hurt my butt. Like, I knew I was lean. I knew I was ready. I wanted it. So I was just, I was freaking ready. I was ready to go. Right. Now, I liked that. The reason I asked that question is, I think a lot of people believed you were able to win the Olympia before you did. Meaning there's a difference between people who I know this happened with Sean Schon, Roden, is a seat of told him for years he could win. And he kept telling him, you can win. You can win. Roden was kind of riding his acidos belief he could do it. And about four or three or four weeks out from the Olympia that he did win, I asked Chris. I said, what's going to happen? And he goes, so he's winning. I said, oh, well, you always said, he knows he's winning now. And he said that that was a big click was before he was kind of riding Chris's belief. But once he watched that flip, that switch flipped. That Sean Newt, Sean could win. Yeah. It was kind of game over. You know, it just puts you in another stratosphere. And I think that that's something I like to drive home with people is if you don't believe it, it really can't happen. Right. And when you do, I mean, granted, I would love to believe that I could win the Olympia, but that's a little crazy. So it doesn't quite work with lies. But if you actually believe it, it's pretty impressive what you can get done. It's like the fake intensity. You can't fake a champion mindset. You actually have to truly believe it. And not just believe it, but like work towards it too. Like it has to be almost like an obsession. Like everything revolves around it. And another reason why I have to like thank my husband so much for being so supportive with everything, like whether it's diet training, just my whole life revolves around fitness. And like he's a financial advisor. He has his career. But he also revolves his life around me. And we just make like a really good team. Right. Not huge. That's, it's enormous. I mean, it's, it's a regular question. It's terrible. And I think a lot of people disagree with my answer here. But I'll have people reach out and say, oh, my, my girlfriend's not really supportive of this. And I'll say, do you really want to do this? And they're like, yeah, it's like more than anything. I'm like, think it rid of her. Yeah. And it's like a frozen. And they literally, I mean, even when people say they freeze, it's like, I'm being serious. Because you need to choose. And if it's her, then choose and walk away. And that's great. But you know, you can't imagine if he was bitching every time he went to the gym or he wanted to eat donuts. And it's not going to work. Yeah. That's one good thing. When I, when I met my husband, he had already like established himself like in the gym. Like he works out he has his own schedule eating. Like even now, we don't even eat at the same time. But that's like our life, you know, like we don't eat here. And eight, ten into, you know, we have like our little schedule. And if we can make it work where we sit down at the table together and eat our separate meals, then we do it. But that's called date night. Usually doesn't work like that. But it, that's all, it's all good. You know, my girlfriend and I will actually make a joke. If we both actually sit down at the table with a meal together, we'll like make a joke. We go, hey, are you? I'll talk. I got, I got one. Hopefully, hopefully this is a fun question for you. You get a new program from John. And you look at it. And you see the worst leg day ever. What is it? He's got this like drop set of death lunges. That it's like like a five drop set of like dumbbells. And it's just like a eight eight eight and you're just dropping it and dropping it and are you talking about the Bulgarians or is your lunch, Bulgarians? Yeah. That's what I say. I write that one too. I know that one. Oh, I got to see that. Oh my god. I see that. Oh my god. If it's anywhere in there, you're like, oh, yeah. That's kind of like tapping and it's like, okay. It's aksana bitchen about this. Is Whitney bitchen about this? No, like let's do it. And then now I would get like a little crazy. But there'll be sometimes I'd be like downstairs here like training. And that's what I think like is aksana stopping like her death Bulgarian drops at no, she's still doing it. So I need to still do it. And yeah, I just that's how I kind of motivate myself being down here. They are one of the most deceivingly horrible experiences. I remember when John started posting that style of Bulgarian where he'd like hold on to something to stabilize. And everyone started doing it. And everyone's like, oh, I'm getting, you know, because it was like, oh, we can hold on to something. Oh, it's fuck this. Give this a try, right? And I remember all the body builders doing them. And then most people quickly abandon them. Yeah. And only certain people kept doing them. When you hold on to something, you're able to like really lean back and get that breath. Yeah. Blue. And it's like, it's freaking death. Like yourself has failure and everything. Yeah. That's when you know your messed up. You start adding ways to it. I remember John sent to me and then I like five or six weeks in, I go, hey, I found if I if I also did a four count negative before pausing on a two count of the bottom, he's like, that's disgusting. I love it. Yeah. Oh, you didn't let me down on that one. That was a solid answer. We all agree immediately on that one. Yeah. So I mean, thank you very much for wanting to come on the show and given us an hour of your time. You know, we, we feel very fortunate to be able to get the quality of gas like the Olympia champions and it's it's pretty awesome. You know, they, they, they went dusty and I started the show. We thought maybe 10 people would listen. So another work for 11, it's awesome. You guys put out great content. I mean, like I said, it kept me like super motivated when I had to do my outside walks in the rain. You know, I'd be listening to you guys last in, last night, dusty, like craft dinner stuff that's pure by the view. Have you fully bought into the square plate theory? I do use square plates and I wanted to show you this because I fell out of the sea one. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, what is this? Shaker. A craft dinner shaker. It's like the cheese. So in one table spoon, there's four grams of carbs. So if you didn't want to actually like get the craft dinner like noodles, you can get the shaker. This is $29 on Amazon. It's a little expensive. Worth every penny. That's cheap for heroin. Really, if you think about it. I love it. I'm going to buy that now because that'll suddenly be like added over top of rice when I'm dying. It's a little. Yeah, no. It's freaking great. Dusty's going to be like literally like putting his chicken breast in it. But then like you ever done this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All this food's going to be yellow now. Fair. That's the one that Limpi was square plates. And now you know that tells us how high brow our show is Dusty are guests bring on craft dinner powder to show you. Let me up one up. You're just a hair rookie. Yeah, that's done. That's pretty awesome. That's fantastic. Yeah, we appreciate that Missy. And like I said, I'm a big fan. I had to message her when you told me she was going to be on the show. I did message her and say, I'm a big fan. Thank you. You know, that's everything. And then I, of course, I like edited it a bunch of times because it sounded so pathetic. Retorted down. Well, one of the friends that only were still. I got to turn it down. I can't send that re-read. Oh, it's crazy fan. Okay. So thank you very much. Show us the the sandout before before we go. You got it behind you there. There we go. It's heavy. Oh, I'm kidding. So what if does that trophy have a name? I know we call the sandout the sandout. I'm just wondering if that's called we could we call that it needs a name. I know it needs a name. I don't think it's the sandout, but I mean, you should name her and then you should like carve the name in the bottom. That's a good. No, it's a good. I'll let you guys know what I name her. The missy. Oh, okay. Thank you very much for being on it's just body building. Thank you guys. Yeah, we appreciate you. See you, missy. Yeah. Hey, what's going on guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think big body building media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders just about every type. You could think of huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements. Check them out True Nutrition.com and hey, if you use our code advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks guys. Let's get back to the program. Boom. And now we have had two of this year's Olympic champions on the show. Yeah, and then Chad's almost like having rammy because rammy'd probably be a little hard for us to talk to him. Yeah, well, English is getting a lot better, but you know, we had Chad on. So it's almost three. I'm calling that two and three quarters. Well, that's like having a super bowl winning coach on. He still has a ring. Absolutely. I'd back that. So hey, maybe it's three. Yeah, you know, I'm good with that. We're calling it three. We've had three. And let's then in that case, if you had how many Chad has, then we've had like 20 something. Let's ask us this. This Chad count as having on the Limpia winner on. He's a Limpia winner. It's coach. Yeah, I'm a few running stories too. You're doing an NFL talk show and you have like Bill Parselson. Yeah, oh yeah, you've definitely have a super bowl champion. Yeah, yeah, there you go. Count where heads I go. Well, Ron, I hope you have a little bit of time because I got a lot of it questions. Yeah, I do. Thanks for getting Missy on the show. By the way, I have to give you full credit for breaking the good news to me. Yeah, that was exciting. And ladies, just so you know, we do have we're in the works with a couple more females to bring on the show out. I'm not going to say who yet, but we also have I'm hoping a very, very, very educated expert. To be coming on to talk about the chemical side of things because that's something that I keep running into. Yeah, yeah. In a not good way from from Joe Blow coaches that are not thinking about these females long-term health effects on their body things like that. So we're excited to bring that to light and hopefully help you guys make some at least educated decisions. I don't care what people do. I just want them to know why they're doing it. What did you think about when Missy's like, I'm like, how is the year? And she's like, oh, my elbows are shocked. I show their mask. Actually, she's exactly what you do. You know, but she sure looked like nothing's wrong. Like, never let them see you hurt. And I don't, I mean, truthfully, and you know, this like we're always dealing with something. Yeah. And I have I have seen Missy train and she trains like we do. I mean, literally like, oh, so it's like, yeah, to do that at that body fat level and do the routine. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I remember like, I guess it would have been right at the beginning of the year at some point. I think Meadows posted a picture. I can't remember. I saw a picture of Meadows with her. And I messaged him. And I was like, she's unbelievable. Right. And he was, she's going to win the Olympia. Oh, no, shit. Yeah. Oh, okay. And then, you know, like then, you know, obviously I followed her at some whatever point it was. And then, you know, she started popping up in my feet and that sort of thing. Yeah. And I would see her in Meadows feed. That's why I followed her. You know, it's funny. But man, she just crushed the physique part of it. And, you know, dominated. I mean, I thought she was such a clear winner. Yeah. No, I did too. And obviously, I don't know anything about the fitness routine round. Yeah. I think it's all of great to me. Yeah. But I do think that you can pick up on the energy, the delivery. And I did feel like back in the day, when Oxana was winning on the regular. I felt like she was kind of head and shoulders above. And Whitney, obviously, is phenomenal as well. But this year, I kind of felt like Missy won all of it. I think I didn't feel like, you know, when you're watching, I knew, I'm like, oh, you're a physique win, she wins for sure. Then I'm watching the routine. I'm like, I think you won that too. No, I've been my first Olympia 2002. Mm-hmm. It's a Kelly Ryan. Right. Do you ever routine? Yeah. And anyone who remembers kind of the history of fitness, Kelly Ryan was, she was like second place at the L of bunch of times because she would never win the physique round. Yeah, but it routine destroy whatever. She would destroy everyone in the routine round. So she would come out and do these routines that were like always, well, I remember them being always first or whatever. But she was like, fucking so high in the air and bouncing and flipping with that, the genastic background, it was just crazy. And so I remember seeing those like years ago and being like, holy shit, this is high impact. Yeah. Yeah. Well, like she said, it's also funny too. Like, so you practice all year and one space or whatever. And then you have to get to the stage and like, look at it and feel it. And it's not going to bounce the same and hit the same as what you've been practicing with. Like, that to me is just a little click where it's like, it's like, if you were, I don't know, a swimmer and you were swimming in 70 degree water. Like, oh, well, today we're doing 50. Right. Like, well, that fucking changes shit. I remember reading, I can't remember now if it was Frank Zane or Ed Corney or someone like that, like, it was something like legendary, you know, bodybuilding posing artist. Right. And they said the kind of the artsy bodybuilding version of that, they were like, don't just practice your routine in what you're posing in one spot and then go on stage and do it. It's going to fuck you up because you're looking out. There's, you know, there's no mirror. There's like, all these people in front of you, there's all these lights. They're like, try practicing your posing and doing your routine in like a whole bunch of wacky settings. Right. Up on the edge of a wall and the top of the stairs and like, put yourself in a bunch of weird, so that you get used to the surroundings, not mattering. Right. And not not thinking about them and posing a closet. Can you pose an closet? Like, can you pose like, I remember reading that and thinking, oh, it's kind of neat, you know? Right. But I could see how it would really apply to something that you're actually physically jumping and bouncing like the surfaces you'd want to be able to do that routine on a cement surface. You'd want to be able to do it on a wood floor. You'd want to be able to do it in a whole bunch of different, on a whole bunch of different surfaces, theoretically. Yeah. You know, surprises, right? That would be the ultimate way to prepare. Right. Exactly. It is not so. I mean, really think about that because until she said, well, that was worried about the stage. Is it going to hold them like, yeah, where would never cross my mind? I've never walked out of the station, man. I hope I don't fall through. I do that with chairs all the time, but that's different. I mean, I give them a good test and voice it down. Yeah. No, it's it's, I'm, I'm really happy for her. You know, that's Canadians doing really well right now. You guys are making your move like not so quietly. No, no, not so quietly. It's good stuff. I like it. So that technically means two Canadians won the Olympia. Yeah. There you go. So going to the next level here. But I'm not sure. Maybe she has dual citizenship now. She's pulling a bread haul. Oh, I bet she has to use it because that's what may be. She's happy. See now. Now I wish I were to ask her which passport she's traveling on. She have an American passport or a Canadian passport. Now I need to know we're going to find this out now. Now she's going to actually get a creepy message from me. Hey, uh, what passport are you using? I think the first one wasn't enough. Don't get blocked this time. Why does Rob Bartlow want to know what passport I'm using? It's very important. And why is he looking through my window in the backyard? This is really creepy. I mean, you do know she's like two hours from you now. So it's a really now. Well, you should have seen whether does he the eternal rain the apocalyptic rain, you know, endless sort of, I don't know, it's crazy. I'm looking out my window. It's just not so I haven't seen the sun in like two months, bro. I know it rained one time the other day here. It fucking was a mess. Yeah, you know, you love this. I'm dead serious. So I've had the truck for, I made three or four payments on it. And I'm driving to the gym the other day and it hits me. This is the first time my truck's been raining on. Look at it. I was like, well, it sucks. I don't really like rainwater hitting it. I don't watch my Jeep for like five months. Why would you? It's just fucking gets it's and not just raining, but like fucking pouring rain like all day, you know, like it's crazy. It's a free wash. See, my cheap ass goes, ah, truck got washed for free today. And if you were to wash your if you were to wash your vehicle here right now, it would just be to like get grime off. Yeah, because you're striving straight out into the rain. Like so it just be like, you know, I guess I would do a seasonal detail like so that they really get the wax on heavy. So I know my heart's safe to get rain not all time. Yeah, and that was just called a loss. Like, I cool. Now the vehicle is good. It's going to look great in April when we get those three days of beauty. Yeah. We just hit hit let's let's do some questions. That's how we're going to start with, uh, we're going to start serious here, okay? Super hot chick, but has a smelly vagina. Is that a deal breaker? This is bodybuilding questions I guess. Go ahead. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I, what do you get to do? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, it's a hard, it's a complete question. I mean, I mean, that's no different than saying it's just dirty like hair. It doesn't wash your hands. I mean, yes, it's a problem. Yeah. I might, I might take a something to do before I left, but I wouldn't come back. Well, that's why you could do that thing that you always wanted to try because I'm not going back anyways. I can't really go open with that, right? We start with that. We go if it was really at the top. We got like it was even by choice. So yeah, like a limpia champion. And then we're like, okay, listen to their questions. Big drop, big drop. We fell straight to the shallow into the pool. These are bad. Oh my gosh. Dude, I got a lot of these ones today. Okay. We're, oh, Ron, I'm sorry. I got to do this to you. Advice for getting ladies for the young guys out there. This is your department. Oh, God. Or it was. Sorry. I'm effective at vicer effective advice because it's effective. It's got to be effective. I don't want to leave this person. I'm not going to say his name. No, what? I'll say this. Funny guys get laid. You make girls laugh. How do you think some of these dudes pull it off? They're not. A lot of guys aren't got good. A lot of guys are rough looking. Right. There you go. That's raised my hand. That's weird. Yeah. Get a bit of make make a girl laugh. Don't don't be too serious. I actually saw a meme about that. And it was so fun. I literally laughed my ass off because it said, be careful with the funny guys. You're laughing your laugh and your naked. That was, that was, I used to love this bit. There's this guy named Christopher Hitchens. He was like an intellectual and a writer and he was pretty interesting guy. I read some of his books and I'm pretty interested in him. And he's dead now. But he did a funny comedic piece. He sort of had this like friendly debate going with like Sarah Silverman and a few other female comedians. And they had done some article about being funny or, you know, comedy's funniest women. And Christopher Hitchens kind of did this tongue and cheek rebuttal. You know, he was like half joking, but it was pretty funny and he's like, women aren't funny. And it's not your fault. It's, it's that you don't have to be funny. We're going to sleep with you anyways. He's like, but humor is evolutionarily built into men. We have to be funny or we don't get fucked. And he's like, he's like, not many guys are good looking. Not many guys have all the qualities that women dream of, but some of these guys get laid. And he's like, because they're funny. Men have to be funny to be competitive with other guys. Women don't have to be funny. So his joke was that evolution is on the man's side, matter funny or than women because of evolution. It's not just anyone's fault. They have to be to survive. Only when we're going to spread our DNA is if we make some girls laugh, that's really the fucking bottom line. So it was just really fun. It was actually his there. You know, it's kind of stuck with me, you know, and maybe it's a funny bit. It's on YouTube if you want to look it up. But I could just see them watching that for the first time and dying over because he put thought into it. Oh yeah. Like, no, this I'm not, it's not your fault. You didn't need to evolve. You don't need to be fine. It's not your smile. Yeah. How you're good. You were very good. Oh my gosh. Let's see here. Oh, okay. So I had put up a post today about systems. And you and I have actually talked about this with the gym as well. The importance of systems and business and to become successful. What I mean, so for example, at your gym, I'm sure that you have a very specific way that if someone comes in and they want to do a tour of the gym, how it's done. You know, basically beginning to end to close. So here's a question. How do you create systems for success in your personal life? Like, do you have things that you do every day a certain way? And I know the answers. Yes. So kind of drop some of yours that you think whether it's in the bodybuilding days or now that led you to your success. Yeah. So the things that come to mind was I remember reading, I can't remember what it was. I remember reading something at one point where the the focus was if you can learn to multitask certain things you become obviously more efficient. And I'm really big on efficient. And when I hear people talk about being efficient, it sort of triggers my old like when I started training and reading about Dorian being efficient. And you know, certain exercises being more efficient. You know, and I hate I was hated wasting time running stuff over over with, you know. So anytime there is something that was sort of geared to being more efficient, that means that you have more leisure time to lay around and do nothing. So which means grow. Yeah, grow. Well, at the time, right? That's how the bodybuilders think. And like why I need to sleep eight hours. So I can't do this whole sleep for hours thing. Right. So I'm not how I work. So you have to be more efficient. So, you know, like I still do it now. Like I'll come home. And I'll see that the dishwasher is full and there's some laundry full and I got to cook food. And this is a little thing like that. It's a scenario that everyone runs into. Put the food on. Then do the other two things while the food's cooking. I know it's something that you're like, but there's people out there that won't do that. They'll do one thing and then another thing. And then they'll cook their meal. And then they'll be mad at themselves because they haven't, you know, because of the fuck I can't believe I had so much stuff to do. Right. And it's just like a little thing like that. So and I know that that's like a super basic like who wouldn't think of that. But sometimes we forget because we get caught up in our day and we're like, fuck, I didn't start this. I could have been doing these two things at the same time or I could have done that on the way here. Why did I do a separate trip for this? So I try to think of my day so that I don't have to do separate trips for stuff. I can, you know, okay, when am I going to go to the gym while if I have anything to do, I'll do it on my way to the gym. Yep. Or on my way back from the gym. But I have to, I can't do a separate trip and I don't want to do this. And so that's how I sort of think. And I know it might sound like remedial. But it filters into everything else. Now I totally think it does. And it also those, I mean, those are like examples. But I could literally plug someone in to exactly how I would live their life to be efficient. Because you, you have your schedule. For example, so I always joke that if you want to kill me next week, just follow me this week. Yeah, you will know exactly where I'm going to be when I'm going to be there because I don't randomly buzz over the store. Right. I go at certain days, certain times. Like literally, as you know, like unless I absolutely have to, I don't train today because today is it's just bothering. It's this. It's, you know what I mean? It's a planned day. But that optimizes the rest of them. So cooking happens today. Shopping happens today to make sure that the next three training days, now it's just pop the top and eat, you know. And the big push that I had for that is with body building, it comes out of preparation. Like I always tell clients if they're leaving the house, say, your husband wants to, to go shopping and you know you're going to need a meal, bring to, always bring to. Just in case, it's not going to go bad. And you're going to have it just in case because we all know that if, if you're not me and actually have other people that want things, things that slow down, you know what I mean? It's not an exact science. And if not, you bring it home, it's already ready. It's possible. My equipment you're ready to go. You know, that kind of preparation is game-changing. I always say if you don't have your food, you're now at the mercy of what's around. And another thing is, you know, like I make a point to, you know, the last Monday of every month, I have it in my phone, the last Monday of every month, has a marker on it where I sit down and I type out any invoicing I have to do. Anybody, any double check, any payments on my square, check this, check that, make sure I do this, check this one email account where any bills that might come to the gym come in. You know what I mean? If there's any bills that need paying, that'll be in this one email folder because that's how we direct everything. And just, and it's like the last Monday of every month. And then I'm not checking all the time and paying bills randomly on, oh, I got a bill to help pay that today. And then like, you know what I mean? It sort of exists to my stuff like that. So, you know, that's something. We have to remember, too, I've been thinking about this a lot. There's all these studies now and experts saying that the amount of time we spend on our phones directly correlates with the amount of anxiety we have. Right. With a lot of people. Like that's why we're seeing all these crazy anxiety levels and especially young girls because they're on social media so much and all that stuff. But, you know, you think about that and you're like, huh, a screen time directly correlates to anxiety levels. Right. And maybe I should minimize my screen time. I know I work on my phone and it's emails and messages. But, you know, what about all the other garbage time I spend on my phone? I don't need to be surfing. Well, I'm looking at this person's Instagram for 10 minutes. It's not that interesting. Why did I go down this rabbit hole? Right. Why did I click these 10 YouTube videos? And I only watch 30 seconds of each one. Right. You know, I should have, I could have just watched an episode of a show that I enjoy. Right. And tuned out of the noise of the world. And because what, what causes more anxiety watching an episode of sunset anarchy or scrolling Instagram for 35, 45 minutes. Right. Yeah. You know what I mean? So if you're going to spend time tuning out of the world, don't waste it on nonsense that doesn't spend it doing something like, what do you think's better playing video games? Like James Hollings had does for two hours. And we are actually focused. You're not stressing about outside world or, you know, comparing yourself to other people at Instagram for two hours. Well, in the plus he's checking out. That would be a lot of us is checking out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Out of bodybuilding a little bit when it's all you do. I found too with coaching when I was first starting back up. My emails would Bing every time an email came in and I would check it. Right. And I would answer. And I started to realize how inefficient that was. And how not, I was never in the moment of anything I was doing because every time I fell into a ring or doing anything, I would react to it. It was like it told me what to do. Now I literally, and you know this, I don't have my ring or on ever. No. Because I don't, I'm not at this thing's mercy at all. And I actually don't allow myself to do client work until it's time to do client work. And I sit down and I knock it out. I don't do here and there all day long. And it's crazy. The amount of time I used to spend doing the same amount of work was double. What if they and the funny thing is, a lot of clients will mistake an instant response for a better response. Right. So that's what I like to I tell people, I'm like it might be 12 hours to hear back for me. It might be 24. But I mean, I'll get back to you for sure. But I guarantee I will have thought about what they said. Right. I will have read it. Made, you know, what do I need to say here? Maybe I only need to say something like, oh, this is awesome news. Continue. But at least I'll do it after having sat down, read the message, understood what's going on. And then I'll respond. And I think that when you get into habit of like instant responding to every message, you don't like you said, get into the moment with them. And actually think about what they're doing when you respond. You're just like snapping off these answers. And they might be right answers. But they're not over time. I don't think there's good equality. Right. No, I agree. Because I think you also what you're essentially doing is you're actually doing something else while answering my thing. And I fell into that because what happened was I used to open emails. And then it was a fucking seven paragraph thing. And I'm like, oh, shit, I don't know time for this right now. Right. I thought they were just telling me the other body weight. Yeah, like something simple. So I had to learn like, don't even open that. Because in a couple of occasions way earlier in my career, I opened it. And then I was still doing something else. And I wouldn't click on red, admit it. Right. Then the next day at three o'clock, I'm like, oh, shit. John sent me that fucking long email I never read. You know, whereas now I saw my clients I guarantee you I was smaller than 24 hours. Yeah. Yeah. And it also takes away their need of sending. Because I know I used to do that. I'd send it. I look at my phone. He has an answer to it. It has an answer to that. Right. Now they send it. They can forget about it. They'll be an answer. You know, obviously it does get bumped up when they're in prep. Like if I open 30 client things, I do go straight to the guys who are competing first. Yeah. Someone's two days out of obvious. Yeah. They get it quicker. Or I will switch somebody with a very, very end. I'm like, okay, we're doing text now. Because I am going to drop everything. Because you're sending me seven check-ins today. We don't have time for you to wait. You know what I mean? But yeah, so that's, I think that's stuff's key. I think a lot of people don't have systems. I know when I started doing business coaching, that's what I used to do. I'd come in and be like, okay, let me see your business. And then I would just see shit. I'm like, oh, this is a mess. You know, you want to create. I used to say, if I died at House of Fitness, uh, every on or one of my employees could literally just pick up my notebook and know exactly what to do. Like I didn't die. It would just keep moving. Because everything was the same. And it was all written out. Like I had a dummy guide for how to do everything I did. So all you had to do was grab the notebook, start at one. You can finish the week. Right, right, right, right. You know, so very key. My life could die any moment. True, true. Good stuff, man. You got time for a couple more? Oh yeah, yeah, hammer away. Okay. Mine were all for Missy. Because I didn't, I just put up one for her. Let's see here. It's a, oh, it's important. What kind of mattress do you have? Oh, I've got to, I can't remember the brand, but I've got a good one. A big king size bed. I remember I went to buy a king size bed. And I walked in and I was like, how much do I want to spend? And I can't remember the numbers. I think I was going to spend like $2,500 bucks on that. Right. I was like, yeah, I'll spend about that. I don't know. I remember the bed corner sewer. And they had a bed that was almost five grand and it was 50% off. I was like, and the guy, the guy looks at me and he's like, he's like, what's your price range? And I told him and he's like, well, kind of a good day to come in. Because this one's like, it's like, here's your bed. It's 50% off bed. We just got the new version of this bed. So we're just selling last year's bed, but it's a brand new king size, fucking beautiful, super like blah, blah, blah, you know, as a good bed. So I'm sure you, I'm sure there's $10,000 beds out there, but I think I got a pretty good one. Yeah, I think the key more than anything is actually knowing what kind of mattress you like, whether it's firm, whatever. So I definitely recommend people figure that out before they shop. I don't know what I don't know what I have, but I love it. Right. It's got one of those foam tops, but it's also, I think, pretty firm. Right. Yeah, that's, I mean, I find most people, this guy's 63290, I can pretty much tell you he needs a firm mattress. Yeah. Um, because that's the deal. I did the same. It's just, uh, I need to, I literally went in, learn the facts. And I actually have one of those, um, they're like the foam beds, the tough to needle kind of shit. Um, they have three options. And the cheapest one is the firm is the firmest, bought one of those. And I came off of what was like a 5,000 arm mattress before. I just didn't want to spend that kind of money against with that. They had one of those like six month guarantees. You literally just called it, I don't like this mattress. And, uh, I think it costs like a grand. I mean, it was so cheap. And, uh, literally now, I have four of them. Every room has that mattress now. And anytime somebody comes over, first comment, they're like, damn, how much does that mattress? I'm always laughing. That's probably cheaper than what you have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have very good news for you, Sarah. It's not as much as you think. Excellent. What is that? Oh, I agree this. This one is a three part, which I got to read up here. Oh, here we go. There's something about a woman who comes into the gym ready to fucking work versus the one who is looking for her best lighting in her next selfie, which one is more attractive? What's the key factor? There was actually three, like I had to read them across. Anyways, yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, they will be multi. They, I get yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, you know, I was like hardworking people. Like seeing, you know, I was like girls that were like working hard. And they didn't have to look like competitors or anything. It was all about hard work, you know. So they could have sweatpants on and a hoodie. Actually, like hoodies on chicks. So that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. So so yeah, it's not about at all about what they're wearing. It's like, you know, seriousness. I was like, you know, the girls that kind of had their hats low and their headphones in. I was like, okay, she's not actually here to like pick up guys. Right. Yeah. That's a good work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the only thing that I've talked to people who are in the industry about is understanding that, um, in our world, you're in. When you go to the gym, like, like, I can't go to the gym and be in dusty land. If I meet people who know me, I can't have the fuck you face on like you've got to right alter into that. So I do remind people that, like, especially women. It's like, you need to be here to train. But I don't think there's anything wrong with also looking good to do that. No, no, no, no. I mean, it's that line of he does, you know, sometimes I go as far as I wear like a red hat and red shoes at same time, which I love when you do that. You know, I've pride myself when you do that. I'm like, look at Ron, but I don't want people to think I'm like dressing for the gym. But I don't just say, now we're going to weigh up top of the window here. You got tagged in some converse posts the other day. And I was like, look at Ron, stand in his own little group of people that understand, yeah, shock. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. I like it. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. As a guy in my gym, that's got a pretty good collection. He's got why you had you had drifted away and brought your back. Yeah. I drifted away. Yeah. You were probably buying shoes that actually costed money and now you're back to Chuck's where you should be. No, no, I, I like the shocks. However, I can't ride in the trucks. I can't wear trucks on my bike. What do you wear in a bike? I wear Jordan's really. Yeah. That's an expensive shoe for a bicycle. And my, my Jordan's are all a little bit beat up. So I'm just going to take him fucking just to wear him right out. Ryan, I'm into the ground. Yeah. Yeah. You know, get some use out of him. I don't want them looking pretty when I'm done with them. But yeah, I need a really firm bottom for the pegs and the frame. Right. That Chuck's my feet actually hurt on the pegs. Yeah. I can see them bending over. I just too soft. But when I wear a Jordan, I feel like I have like a real flat foot on the pegs. My foot doesn't fold over the peg. You know, they don't have like a shoe that most people wear when riding. Most of those guys wear a lot of them were wearing Chuck's and vans and DC and that sort of stuff. I'm doing Seattle. I'm doing Seattle all the time. I was like, wait a minute. I see where this change a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Most of the guys I see are wearing like a very kind of minimal shoe. Right. Because they want it out of the way. They don't want a big shoe getting in the way. Right. You know. So I've got some size 14 Jordan's and some size 13 Jordan's. Right. And the 13's are better on the bike. The 14's are a little like actually a little too big like to get in the way. So I'm going to like kind of keep that in mind if I'm looking for a new pair of shoes to ride in right now. So I'm kind of on the sights kind of seeing what's out there. And I'm looking for like a minimalist like slim fitting sort of but thicker sold style shoe. You hear that viewers listeners? How come you out? Ronnie. So you know, it's funny because you know, I follow like all the skateboarding accounts not because I'm blown away. And now you've got I follow BMX dudes. People got on my Instagram and they're like, what the hell is going on here? This guy is confused. Is they look at me and they're like, he's definitely not sure. Oh, this shit. Okay. 13. You know what's funny that I did find like following foreign stars and skate videos. You're like 15. Yeah, but I only know the point stars. I don't actually know any of the skate. But actually what I was going to say it's funny is, you know bodybuilding when you're not yet a real bodybuilding. I hate to say it like that. But like you wear the bodybuilding clothes. You wear what you're supposed to wear. You wear the the atomic shoe. And then you got to have this and you got to have that. And when you're when I was a skater as a kid, it was very it was a uniform. Oh, yeah. They don't have uniforms anymore. Like the best dudes, just wear whatever the fuck they want. The shoes or whatever the fuck they want. And I'm always like, that's how I like to see because I had somebody asked me at the other day. He goes, man in your videos, you're always wearing these big baggy pants. You look better than you are because I were shorts one time and I go, yeah, I'm not even thinking. You know what I'm wearing? I got something and what is comfortable to train in today. What'll be out of my way? Yeah. So I can do what I, it was just so funny because I realized like, I, yeah, they're gray pants. You know what I mean? And I had something all you finally bought gas, like that half off sale. I'm not buying six-year-old fucking pants. Not half. No, no, no. I glad you follow some of those accounts. So I always, I had like a moment where I was like, yeah, this guy named Terry Adams who's like, he's like the best flatlander in the world right now. Technically, I guess he won the award this year. But he did a video where he talked about how he, you know, he's been riding his whole life. He's been on a bike for like 30 fucking years, right? And um, but he started like working out a lot in the last year. He got like a coach, like a fitness trainer. Right. And he started like working out and he's got, you know, all this. He does like, yeah, like he's he just changed his, you know, he was always kind of like yoga, eat healthy type of guy. But now he's like, you know, working out and doing all these exercises. And he's got this core routine he's doing. And and he said it was all spurred because like, I think he's probably almost 40, you know, if not 40, but he, um, he just like jumped off his bike one day when he kind of came off it. And this landed on his heel and hurt his back. And his therapist was like, if your core was stronger, this wouldn't happen. And he was like, fuck, I'm getting 12. I'm striking your core. Or you got 20 again. Yeah. So so yeah. So he like started working out and stuff. So I just like when, you know, the whole lift weights get strong, you know, that whole, you know, eat healthy, how much protein he eaten get, you know, like, I love when that stuff drips into other people. That's cool. Yeah. And that's the thing is like, and it always reminds me of how ahead of the curve body building has been and how we've been decades ahead of everyone for such a long time. And you know, I mean, we saw it happen in the 80s. I mean, hockey players weren't lifting weights. Yeah. Well, that's what that's what's crazy is when you look back. Don't say I will joke because there was a study maybe three or four months ago about stretching under a load. It was like new information. If you have. We were like new in 1997. The hell of you been. But it is cool because you're right. Like you follow. And these guys all understand they're elite athletes. And that's truthfully what I follow when I'm looking at most things is I like people that are excellent at anything. Yeah. I follow a frisbee golf pro. Like, because I'm like, how how does he get good at that reps golfer reps, basketball reps? Yeah. It's all the same. You know what I mean? And they there are squat or our dead left is their shot or their swing. You know what I mean? So it is cool to watch because it is just a never ending reminder that they're all doing what we're doing. And another another thing that it's a reminder of. And this, you know, we talked to Missy today. I mean, she talked. I mean, she's one of the Olympians. She's telling us, yeah, my shoulder was battle year. My elbows were battle year. It, it, it, it reminds us that, you know, us guys who lift that big heavy weights and train like animals and all that stuff. All the other high level athletes are getting hurt too. We're nothing special. They're living in pain. The whole fucking time just because you're 300 pounds and you're, you know, squat and five plates doesn't mean that you're suffering any sort of pain that other people don't understand, you know, like you got these guys, these high level flat land guys that have had like fucking carpal tunnel surgery and like literally. And they're wrists and elbows and, you know, three shoulder rotator cuff repairs and, you know, arthritis up their spine and one hips fucked and they've been riding their bike for 30 years and you're like, holy shit, like the body wears out no matter what you do, no matter what you choose to do, whether it be skateboarding or snow boarding or high level archery. Are you guys at fucking pull those bows back for 30 years? How fucked up shoulders and next? Of course. And, and we just have to realize that if you're going to do anything, it's like you said, reps make the champion and repetition makes the injury. You know, and that's the, that's that coin that reps coin reps is how you win and how you get fucking hurt. Like you wear stuff out and you will be doing it. That reps reps reps. Which is, which is why though, you know, I promote and I'm kind of the anti throwback body of other guy where people are like, just get a job where you can make sure you can eat your food and make sure and I'm always like, how fucking long to take it each of food? What are you talking about? I'm like, get a child that makes you money. Yeah, this is not cheap. I spent $150 a week on needleing a week. Think about that. But guess what? It's the reason that five years ago, I thought I was almost done and now I'm like, I'm going to be the biggest I've ever been this year. Yeah, yeah, I love it because because someone, but again, because you have the money to do those things and also understanding that all kidding aside, you don't need the new truck. You don't need the Jordan's and all these things. You need priorities to figure out if this is really something you want to do. But I just, I literally hit a soft spot, but I saw a coach put up a post that said that. Don't get a job that's going to distract from this. I'm like, what are you fucking talking about? The odds of you doing this as a career are almost none. You might do it. But come on, man, your advice to people is to don't live just do this for while living mom's basement. Yeah, not get off. Like, you know, I ran businesses and did a shit. I just found ways. I have clients that are surgeons and they're like, okay, so I drank a half of the shake and then three hours later, I had the other half and then 45 minutes later, I had the next meal. I was like, you got it and I don't give a shit. Yeah. You know, so I know, I know it gets a little off track, but when I hear those things, it's just a reminder. It's like, think about how much money she was talking about. In two visits to this guy, one visits to the carer character every week. Yeah, you know, so you have to be prepared to do those things and have the finances to do it. Yeah, and it's just bodybuilding can't be as all in as everyone pretends and I just don't think it's that hard. I'm at the gym for two hours a day, including cardio if I really need to be and I can eat meals in six minutes. Right. Like, we we're not that busy. It's not that hard. You know what I mean? So I don't know, it's funny. It does help to get this leap. You need to work on that. I'm working. I'm working. My goal for you is that by the time you retire, you will have actually had an eight-hour sleep. That could be it'd be interesting. Right now though, I'm chopping it up. I have a new system that literally works. I'll be probably been sleeping for real, a sleep for five to six hours a night. And the secret was this, I fall asleep for like three hours and then I wake up. I just get up and I do some stuff and then when I start to feel even remotely tired again, I eat a meal real quick and go back to sleep. So now I literally have been going to bed like one in the morning. I wake up at like three or four and then I'll eat my usual seven o'clock meal at five or six. And then just sleep as long as I can, which might put me right over that seven. I don't care. Then I'm up and good to go. I saw someone, I think I might have been on Rogan. Someone might remember. He was talking about how it's actually our actual most natural way to sleep is to get like 60% of our sleep at night and then have a long nap in the early afternoon. Right. Really? He said that's how he, that's what he recommends. If people can, you know, people who are able to, you know, maybe they only get four hours of sleep, but then they get like a two and a half hour nap. And then like super energized and work really well into the evening and all that sort of stuff. Yeah, it's interesting. I love it. Maybe my stumble was, yeah, somewhat silent. Because literally the only thing that happened was I got sick of maybe they'll scan your brain one day and then go, you know what you should be doing? You should be sleeping three hours twice and you're going to go, I do that. And they're going to go, there you go, that's what you should be doing. We're going to jump you. Yeah. Awesome. Well, solid. I think we've got, uh, I'm hoping I haven't finalized, but we should have another really solid guest for next week. Okay. So I'm not working on that. You're still on. Yes, at least one. At least one. Okay. I believe in you Dusty as you should. You know, so happy new year. I guess. Shit. I'm not about saying it. Yeah. We, well, because we don't really believe in so people like, what's your friend here? I'm like, we ordered pizza and watched a documentary. You know what's bad is, you'll laugh, but, uh, so new years obviously is the biggest time of year. Yeah. Yeah. And then on the second, I was like, I didn't pay the mortgage. Like literally the time that I have a giant worldwide warning to remember to do this. I was like, I mean, obviously you have time so it doesn't matter. I just laughed. I was like, this is the first time I've ever like not paid on the first. The day the hair is reminded me. So make a quick prediction. Yes. Do you think what month and do you think this year do we get past the, let's say capacity restrictions on businesses? Assuming things stay the way they look to be staying in the U.S. as far as our government. I don't know that we will get past them at all. If we do, it'll be third quarter at best. I just don't, I see them trying to haunt it down even further than it already is. My hopes quite honestly and I know a lot of you're going to be really mad at me for saying this is that people start to understand that, uh, in the U.S. our constitution was made to protect the people from the government and we're forgetting that. Right. So I feel like I've told people a million times because so many people bitch about the masks and this and that and like, oh, well then stop wearing it. Right. Because if it's one of you, people will probably, hey, but you fucking mask on. If it's 50% of the people who walk into the business, they're going to say we need to stay open and they will let you walk through and buy your shit and walk out. Yeah, you guys have, uh, have that that constitution you guys have is a beautiful thing. Yeah, you guys don't have that, but I do think that, I mean, I guess yours is voided when they decide they don't want to let you. Well, they've had a couple of people try to keep their businesses open here and the government is as far as the barbecue place, the government just sees this business. Yeah, let's take it. And that's I mean, you know, but I am hopeful and like we do, so here, the other thing that I have an issue with here is so the rules are changing and no one tells you. Right. So in our gym, we were told we had to wear masks. Well, you know, of course, hey, I don't keep the gym open. I'll wear a damn mask. Well, I wear one of those plastic ones that don't do shit that looks like a reverse hockey visor. Cool. That's within the rules. Well, then I find out actually during your heavy set, you could take that off. Oh, really. They changed the rule. Like during which before they were like, we don't even shit what you're doing. If you're in that building, you have a mask on. But you can find that out. I'm like, well, when did that happen? Right. But no gyms know that around town. So they will come yell at you. If you pull the down, not knowing well, that's now your policy, which is fine if you want to leave it. Right. But if you want to the legal policy, right, take it off. Yeah. So what's happening here in while where we live is you don't have to wear your mask while you're engaging in exercise. Exactly. We tell our members, God, have a mask on, but you can take it down when you're doing your sets. Then pull the back on and walk to your next machine. You're best to wear it for the rest of the time and we'll get around. But what a lot of other gyms are doing, especially the big chains, is what happens is you get someone who's a complainer and they'll see someone who has their mask down and maybe they reach for a plate and to put a plate on their machine. And so they're going to go up and go, that guy left his station with his mask down for a second. He didn't pull his mask up when he reached for that plate. Or he took his dumbbells to the rack back to the rack without putting his mask up. Because they'll like have the dumbbells of put him back on the rack and pull their mask up and walk away. Right. And spray the spray the handles and they'll go, well, that guy's not that guy was, you know, he bubbled the machine. Yeah. And it's just the complaints pouring at such a ridiculous level from these insane lunatics that they just go, fuck it, everyone has to wear the mask a whole time. Can't take it down. Right. Because they just, they can't put up with it. They can't manage all the complainers and all the fear, the people that are super afraid and they just can't handle it. However, with our gym, because we have a much smaller membership base, we're like, and plus we're like, no, we're only going to enforce the mandate. Yeah. You know, the mandate is you have to wear it unless you're exercising. So that's what we ask people to do. So the only thing that makes life difficult for us a little bit is some people take their mask off and put it in their pocket when they do their set. Yeah. And then someone sees them and goes, that guy doesn't have a mask on at all. And they complain. And so we've had, we have to deal with that sometimes. I'll tell people, Mike, listen, can you just keep it on your chin? Yeah. No, I do the same. You'll see in all my videos now. Yeah. I just like, I mean, I want to want to go on and off. But I do have the exact same reason because when I post a video, I don't want to be like, so you just don't give a fuck. And I actually don't. But I do because of the gym. You know, we have here that sucks that we've had to deal with is so you can be an anonymous complainer to the health department. And but zero proof required. Yeah. Yeah. Meaning I own dusty gym down the street from West Coast iron and you're kicking my ass. Yep. I just send it to a plank and I know that that has happened at Argym because we he got more more on people about wearing masks like here's like guys, we got to stay open. And I'm even telling people like, hey, put on your like, no, all of your sets pull it down whatever. And then we randomly got a complaint and I'm like, well, I know a gym right down the street. There's a 30% what they used to be and you signed up 11 members today. Yeah. But you sure I know who the anonymous complainers, it's not the people in here. Yep. Yeah. Oh, like guaranteed that's happening. Again, there's a lot of that happening. So up here, 100% of their inspections, while I was told that they told me the 100% of their inspections are complaint driven. Good. So we know we've had by-law a couple times. We've had works a couple times. We've had fire department a couple times. But they all came down and they're like, oh, man, you guys are like, you're kicking ass down here and like, what more can you do? Everyone's got a spray bottle, you know, you're well ventilated. Everyone's got their mass on. So they understand that they're chasing down a lot of bullshit complaints. And then even that it's funny too, because even the guys that come in like the by-law guys that came in, they're like, yeah, some of the stuff that we hear, I mean, some people just shouldn't be leaving their house. They're just not ready. Right. Yeah. They're just not ready to leave their house. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they're just too freaked out. Yeah. So yeah. I mean, I don't know, what do you do? Do you agree that I just, I don't see it's changing anytime soon as far as I think I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking third quarter too. I'm, I'm, I'm very, a positive thinker. I like to stay positive that, you know, things are going to get better. But I, I think they're probably going to, we're going to be, you know, under some sort of restriction until I think at least third quarter. Right. So, but hey, man, if, you know, as long as we, as long as we don't get shot, we're, we want to cruise through this next fucking third wave. Yeah, don't. I, that's how I feel. I think the part that's bad is the insulting part, like when it's so obvious, like, hey, you need to watch this, this, and this, and this, but, you know, we're filling every seat of a airplane. Yeah. Well, up here in Canada, we're having all these scandals, because, you know, they're the Canadian government said, um, it's highly recommended. You do not travel and all this stuff, and then all the politicians went to Mexico for New Year's. Yeah. And so, and, and took all these holidays and all the people are just like, like, fucking pissed. Yeah. Well, that's, and that's the norm, and that's what we have here. So, I think that that's going to be the explosion is because when it's ridiculous, like, I, I tell people, like, I understand it doesn't make sense. I'm taking my mask off during my set. It's when I'm breathing and doing the most actually. But on the flip, no one is ever within six feet of me while I'm doing that other than my training partner. So, I'm, I'm not concerned, but yeah, I think that as long as people have that attitude, I'm just happy, like, right now, man, every time I come to the gym and there's people in there, as much as I enjoyed it for self-ish reasons, that's good to come in and have to look for parking. That makes me happy. I do want to get my arms by. I love when I show up and I have to look for parking. Yeah, I bet you do. I don't make any money on the deal. I'm still happy. I hope you two one day. Okay, man. Thanks, Dusty. Thanks, everybody. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. Make sure you follow Missy Truscott and, you know, like all our photos and support her and cheer for her next year at the Arnold. Yes, I love her, she's doing it too. Thanks for her and once again for coming on the show. Thanks, Dusty. Yeah, don't let me tell it. You bet. Remember, remember, it's just bodybuilding.