Look at all this variation. So this person, I mean, I put a question mark there because the high dose is pretty good. This growth hormone is 350 on the high dose. It's 510. That's not okay. That's a 30% drop. Roughly. So yeah, I don't like that much. But look at this guy. 281 1128. Not with 25 milligrams a day with five. What? With five? What is that? That's a fourfold elevation. Yeah. With an it's a bit CT and CT dose. Yeah. But it's a but yeah. Then what's the 302 after it with the high dose? That's the same 281 to 302. Like high dose does nothing. Yeah, that's a zippo. I'm so confused by this man. I mean, I'm not confused. But it's a perplexed. A beautiful example. I'm going to kind of cover some ideas. It's a beautiful example of biological entry into the jolly. Hmm. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Muslimites with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McDaily and all the other programming is brought to you by Scott's book, BYOBBCoach.com. That's B-ROMBODY BLINKOCH. Right now you can get a hard cover. If you go through the link in the description that Scott will sign for you. So definitely check that out. And a portion of those proceeds are going to go to help with a dog rescue. We're also brought to you by of course, Trunutrition.com. Use our code, think over there for high quality through party test supplements. I just bought the cookie butter protein butter for the first time in my life. I got that. I'm getting back to it way isolate. And I absolutely freaking love that flavor. SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. And of course, Patreon. Scott already has the wheels turning on one of the Patreon questions. I have a feeling it's about the benefits of whole foods versus protein powders. But we might not be able to get to that today because I know that you have a freaking big one line. Well, you don't consider the big one. But I'm excited. And you can probably go into an hour on this. And basically it's all about MK677, which kind of was super popular back in what 2012ish. I used it back then. And now I'm out of hearing more people using it again. So I guess before we dive into it, can you first tell us for anybody that doesn't know what is MK677? Maybe we just start there. I've got it in the PowerPoint. That's in the PowerPoint. All right. Sometimes you just dive in. And then you know, what are we getting? It will intro. Okay. Okay. I shouldn't have doubted you for a second. No. Well, sometimes I just, I just go right to the data, right? I just send you a picture. Yeah, it's not. I figured. But I figured this one could be a little more formal because there's there's some things to tease apart and the PowerPoint will help keep the information organized. So, you know, you can share a presentation here. I'm going to just share a screen. All right. See. And we want to see what happens. This one. And I want to tell you guys that this is literally. So I've seen Scott do presentations before. You know, I got, I was lucky enough to go to some of the seminars you had done with John Meadows. And it's amazing stuff. This is literally basically like a presentation that you would have people come and pay to see you do. You know, I'm excited for this, man. Yeah. This isn't that, I mean, I just threw this together. I really didn't even have, there's going to be, I'll apologize. I've got my computer completely set up in German and it doesn't do a good job with spell checking. Okay. So there would be mistakes in here that I didn't see because normally they have a red underline on them. But so MK677 and people, this is an orally bio-available growth hormone is a creed a dog. It binds to the gray and reset period. I'll cover that a little bit in the next. And the next slide. But the idea is this keeps on coming up. And I dressed that in the very last slide. It's the, the, people have been studying this for more than 25 years. So one of the studies is, few of the studies are very actually old. So it'd been around for a while. But it really, I think you're right, 2012, 2010s. I don't know exactly. It's been a decade. It's been sort of floating around and used on and off again. And part of what I'm getting at is here in this, from a grand picture from the forest versus the trees view, is that there's a, probably, there's potentially a reason from that for that that we can glean from the research literature. There's some also other things that I went into previously when we had the other podcast that's floating around in the, in the fourth dimension of the internet ethers. Yeah, for any of you guys who want to check it out, look for advice as radio on iTunes. There are all audio podcasts. And you might even find some Easter eggs like the first 15 of them or 20 of them have Jordan Peters in it. I think I'm so 21. I met my wife, you know, literally met my wife on the show that was like up to so 19 or something, man. Yes, yes indeed. So this is a cursory inquiry. I did not do the deep dive that I would if I were writing a paper for this, an article for instance for like John Meadow side or for someone else. I just pulled out some studies that already had, I think I found some other ones. I did actually part of the reason. I'll show you, I wasted some time when we say, wasted. I spent a lot of time trying to find some pharmacological data, pharmacokinetic data. So there was a mistake right there. Buying's the Graylin receptor in the anterior pituitary. So this is what MK677 does causes growth home when release. The half life, I've seen between four and five or four to seven hours. I have not actually been able to find, I have numerous papers that cite a certain half life. You go to the paper. They cited, doesn't contain any half life data. One paper that was cited was testing other similar substances to MK677. Let me go back here. Are you guys, are you seeing just the slide or you seeing, I'm just seeing the presentation? Okay good, because I have another view here because I have dual monitor set up. So making sure. But you can see on the bottom right there there is here, I can oops. Oh, this is weird. Oh, we're here. I want to use my cursor. There it is. So this is another name for if someone wants to dig in, this is another name for MK677. It's called a buterum messulate as well. Good morning. People just notice a buterum, more and often. Zero in here, but there was a paper for instance, a half looking at half life data. And it looked at half life for all sorts of, it looked examined other substances with names similar to this. But not this one. So I looked everywhere and this happens unfortunately somewhat regularly when I try to find basic data. Someone just takes someone else's interpretation or someone else's value and they cite that. They don't cite the original research. The one, the one source that didn't get to look into was a book that I would have had to buy and go to the links to buy the book. It's possible that there's original data published in a book, but typically books would be citing other data. You're not publishing new research. It happens right now and again in books. But so what happens then when we get this GH releases is we have the Samada Meiden hypothesis, it's my hypothesis that play here. So the GH causes IGF one release and IGF one is this is a holder topic. We've got a long talk on that on John Meadows site. But this is something that is indicative of positive nitrogen balance of it has anabolic effects. And we have data for instance in Beagles, Beagles have been studied in particular. It's used a good bit with animal research work, but looking at growth increases in growth hormone peaks at using a very high dose. So for 100 kilogram bodybuilder, this would be 1 milligram per kilogram but you have to convert that to animal doses. Animal doses in the human doses. So it's still more than the 25 milligram dose you typically see. So there's a little bit of dose response data that I can show you, but it's very, very interesting because it doesn't show a dose response pattern. So I'm foreshadowing here. The interesting thing we see this in this is these animal data, let me get this out of the way here. Is that sorry, I can't see, can you see the bottom, I think you can, I've got my toolbar here at the bottom showing you. The lowest, under, the lowest I can see is under the word day, I see seven is the lowest one, the lowest number I can see, it goes day. You can see that I can't 1, 7, 14, 1, 7. That's this far as I can see down. Okay, let me do something real quick here. Oh man, let me try something here. Does I want to bring this up a little bit? Oh, there's a 14 under that I see. All right. Yeah, sorry about that. Beautiful. I see what you're doing now. Yeah, cool. I just want to see we can see that. So, um, oh, no, I have that problem. We'll bring that. We'll put this right here. All right, so, yeah, that works. That's just fine. I do that a lot with my move of the things around. So what we see here is that this tacky phal axis, this loss of sensitivity, or loss of effects over time. So here is um, oops. Day one, seven and 14 giving this pretty high dose, terms of the peak and the area under the curve. So this is sort of a cumulative value that tells you how much growth hormone is is elevated. In this case, on an hourly basis, or sorry, on a daily basis. And on the first day, we have, and here's our vehicle. So this is our control value. Three is the value for peak growth hormone, 19 for area under the curve. If we look at day one, this three becomes 70 and this 19 becomes one. And I says, the 10 fold increase right here. This is a 20 folding increase. This is again in vehicles. But this 70 a week later becomes 11. And then 14 is about the same. So we have an immediate loss of effectiveness, or a loss of effectiveness a week later. And the effectiveness pertain is sustained for the next seven days. So 11, 13 are still higher than three. In terms of of area of the curve, 43 is still higher than 19. So we still have a doubling of growth hormone elevation. Okay. So you're saying that that three and that 19 that's the normal bubbles. These are our vehicle levels. So this is where they take basic. It's not a placebo, but they actually inject the animals. I think this, no, this is an oral daily administration. Pre-sure this was oral. So they give them the call to vehicle. It's the placebo. It's the non-active inner ingredients. So this is yeah. And you can see if we look at this number stays pretty stable. It's three, four, five, I-19, 21, 25. I mean, these animals are probably growing. So sometimes you see I-GF1 will change over time. But this is pretty stable. But when we're giving the MK677, you've got double the area of the curve for growth hormone. We've got if we look at I-GF1 before it's given and then forward an 80 minutes later, you get some elevation here. Interestingly enough, we see something different with I-GF1. It has a very long half-life. So I-GF1 has binding proteins that extend its half-life. So if growth hormone is elevated and it is persistently, it's just that after that first day, the extent of the growth hormone elevation drops precipitously. It goes from 190 to 43. Right? So we're at like one fifth, basically a week later. What you got on the first day. But growth hormone is still elevated over the control condition. This is our vehicle condition. So we're talking in the 80s here initially because there's nothing being given. We stay in the 70s or the 80s. There's no elevation relative to giving the MK677. But again, it's pretty stable. We do have elevated I-GF1. And that's what you see persistently in these studies. I'm going to show in the next slides is you see a growth hormone elevation that's much greater with the first administration. It's still in elevation growth hormone, but there's a loss of sensitivity to it to the MK677. I-GF1 is on the rise after the first day. And it will continue to rise. Despite the fact that your growth hormone release is not as powerful over time, there's still an elevation when you're giving us the MK677 on daily basis. There's still an elevation of growth hormone. So you get this rise in I-GF1. This is pretty cool. So this is the serum growth hormone in terms of minutes after they give the MK677. These are the control animals. These lines here basically nothing's happening there. They're not even getting a pulse at all or release here for whatever reason. Or maybe there is some, but it's basically a flatline. But in these three animals, when they gave the MK677, there was an increase in growth hormone going out here to like six hours or so. So this represents the peak. So we're going from three in this case, that's interesting. These are averages, so maybe they took a peak and there's only goes to 30, whereas this goes to 70. So somewhere in here there was a higher number but they measure this at certain time point. So this is the same study. This may have been just those three animals and not all of them. So that's the discrepancy there. So we've got tacky, relaxes, loss of sensitivity, but IGF1 still will climb over the days when you take it on a daily basis. Here's another dog study. Same sort of deal. Here we see vehicle and then day one, so one after having given the MK677. Here, the individual dogs too, they all have their own numbers. They didn't name them phyto and etc. etc. But we see this area under the curve with growth hormone. Here it's 28. Here it goes to almost 10 times that eight times that maybe. But then by day four, we're back down to being just about double in terms of area of the curve. So the growth hormone is literally now within four days, not a week but within four days we're seeing this tacky flexus and loss of sensitivity. So we're going eight ninefold on the first day and then we're back to maybe twofold. So this is something I point out in that previous podcast that that I mentioned is there maybe there is a strategy I haven't seen this test that this is purely theoretical. But it maybe it takes one, two, we don't know how many days to reset that sensitivity. And given you're getting so much more area under the curve, let's say you could get this 243 or this high value that's eight times as high as if you had no MK 77. And you do that every other day. Yeah. Right. You might be able to then who knows. I don't know what the timeframe is for resensitizing. But it's possible that you could end up taking a lesser dose by doing toggling the dose on an every other day or every third day basis and get essentially the same amount of growth hormone released over those days. It's going to be sort of it's not pulsatile with the same timeframe as normal growth hormone is pulsatile. There actually another study that shows increased number of pulses with growth hormone with the MK 677 and that's kind of interesting. But so there's some this idea is coming coming forth that there's loss of sensitivity. Here's the IGF ones values here and we see about 47 or so becomes then at the foreign 80 minute post administration comes 85 and then it continues to rise. So even though between day one and day four we've lost growth hormone secretion sensitivity we still have higher growth hormone when they're using it every day so that MK so the IGF one continues to rise and then that eventually would black to off. Guys I gotta take a break to do the whole like share subscribe thing but I also want to say thank you to you. The internet's kind of a weird place in case you didn't know and I'm glad that we've put the community together that we have. I'm grateful to read your comments in fact. I know a lot of YouTubers that don't read comments. I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody. So if you comment I will see it and I'll try to get back to you. Also the like button is absolutely free of charge. You don't have to pay anything to hit it and it does help us out of ton. It's not gonna like push us into your algorithm but it will help other people to hopefully find the show. So if you like our stuff please try to help us out. So so I'm gonna this is another study from NOS at Al and I have all these references for someone who wants them. But we've got three studies coming up. This one is with older folks. Another one is with obese people and another one is with dieting subjects. So when people diet their IGF1 goes down for sure. Actually growth homeroom could potentially be elevated but IGF1 goes down for sure. In older, oh no, obese people they will tend to have lower GH and lower IGF1. The whole idea of growth hormone with an anti aging idea comes from the very very clear data that growth hormone release lowers. It becomes lower as we get older and you see this also with older folks. Or sorry obese people. Really. So this is this is with a study with men and women age 60 to 81, 25 milligrams a day. So this is our standard dose. I think the rest of the studies all use this and this is humans. These aren't dogs. And they were given that per day. Here are starting values for growth hormone. We got a placebo group and MK677 group. baseline values are the same. Basically there's a large minimum and maximum here in terms of mean growth hormone. But if we look at six months and just looking at the arithmetic mean change, they also do geometric mean and that's a kind of a whole other topic unto itself. They do geometric mean. So if you want the geometric mean of like one seven and 14 you take one time 17 by times 14 and then you take the cube root of that. That's kind of a total aside. That's better for things that seem to distribute themselves in a kind of a nonlinear fashion. So anyway that's we're going to ignore these values for now just for that reason because it's difficult for folks who never heard of geometric means to kind of make sense of. But looking at growth hormone we've gone from this is an arithmetic mean change of 0.81 and then we've added 0.57 into that. So it's about a 60% increase in mean growth hormone over 24 hours. That's roughly equivalent to what we're getting from an area under the curve value. That's six months in. So you're still getting maybe about a 60% increase in growth hormone over the course of a day doing 25 milligrams per day over six months in older folks. It's important here. So this matches kind of matches the dog data. If we look 12 months in basically the same increment over the baseline values. If we look at IGF1, we're at 87 here. Micrograms per liter. It's a stable values. They just put just put the value and they drew it a particular time. And we're getting about the same increments going from 87 to 50 in this case different values. It's about a 60% increase. We're still at 45 12 months later. So taking it every day for six months, 12 months, you basically got a persistent elevation of IGF1. And this is again, older people with IGF1 deficiency. We would expect everyone's different. There's a lot of variability here. So here's the study with obese subjects. In this case, they're doing initiation treatment. This was after the first dose. So some of these baseline measurements are baseline without MK77 in it. Six 77 in it. In this case, the first dose was after they give in a singular dose. So here we have a placebo. We're looking at just peak GH. This is fence in it out. We'll be subject again. The 25 milligrams per day. Here's our non supplemented and here's our supplemented diet. So huge increase in what the peak GH was. A little bit different measurement, but it's gigantic. That's 30 fold. Right? 32 and half. Or something. Right? But this 65, we're still running around two. In fact, it's a little bit lower here. But this is two and eight weeks in. So we're in the two, two, one-to-two value range here. It's always nice to have a placebo because this is sort of trending downward. I don't think there was anything significant about that change. Otherwise, they'd have a value here. Right? But there's some variability. But this 65, which is a 34 plus increase at two weeks in, now, becomes 17. Right? So we've got a 20 to 30 fold increase here in growth hormone. Same pattern with growth hormone area in the curve. Right? So we're just looking at growth hormone now. Right? But there's in this major tacky phalaxis. It goes from 144 to 33. Only at a five to 10 fold increase. This is still good. Right? This is fantastic. So impressive. Yeah. Right. Exactly. But, you know, your body's producing like one to two I use of growth hormone a day and an average healthy person. So if you're taking eight I use or 10 I use, let's say, that could be a 10 fold increase, too. So this is pretty impressive. In these, in this case, obese subjects who are growth hormone deficient. So it's very important to point that out. This is the rationale behind doing these studies is to figure out what medical application things like MK67 could have. Right? So, but we got this tacky phalaxis again. We're going from really high values on the first dose and we're losing a good bit of what we once got off the first dose. But it still persists in this case up to about eight weeks. And here is an interesting study. This is from 1998. This has been around forever. Right? This is with dieting subjects. They put them on a caloric deficit. And this was an interesting study. So they had they died of them for a week. I'm going to look at it. This is a different figure. We'll go back to the table up above. But they died it for a week. And then they added MK67 or standard 25 milligrams dose. They can pair that to placebo. And we got a nice, our peak GH was much higher. So this is five and a half sixfold higher. The area under the curve is even higher than that. Even more than that. We're talking about an eightfold increase here. And then by day 14. So this is the first day of MK67. It's day eight of the study. It died for a week. One on the next day of the second week. They got the MK67. Great response to GH. They took it for a week. And now we're getting we're losing about half of our responsiveness. Okay? So still this. But these are individuals that are dieting. And they had been dieting, right? So this is a situation where especially in terms of IGF1, we're going to expect a loss of IGF1. And you actually actually see that here. They diet. This is IGF1 values. And they go from let's just say they're pretty close to one another. That's like 230. And they drop down into the 170,580,885. So we're losing 230 to 180. You know, we're losing 20% 25% of a variety of F1. An old way that people used to use it, old trick that people would do to try to get a doctorate to prescribe them. GH would be the diet. Yeah. Really hard. Because your IGF1 will down. And because of this situation, this relationship growth hormone stimulates IGF1 release, less growth hormone means less IGF1 people think, okay, your IGF1 is low. So your growth hormone release must be low. You need to replacement dose. Yeah. But that's what happens when you diet. IGF1 is is controlling in a global sense, whole body and ablism. That's reflective of whole body and ablism. So here's the cool thing. So this is nitrogen balance. And there's issues with nitrogen balance. It's not the best. And there's not really terribly quantitative, but sort of a qualitative indicator of protein balance or how will you're able to hold on to fat-free mass, muscle masses. What we're worried about. So these are the day-to-day values for the placebo NMK677. And nitrogen balance is negative. When they're dieting here, it's kind of, and it's actually kind of creeping back that actually happens. That's not so unusual. But when they added MK677, they then went into barely here for back to neutral. And then they went into what was for at least part of that week where they took the MK677 positive, slightly positive nitrogen balance. So you'd expect this would then mean that you're going to be able to hold on a muscle mass better. Because you've got more IGF1, you've got more growth hormone too. That's helping with fat loss, that's changing the sources of fuel that you need in order to make up for that caloric deficit. It comes from being in a dieting situation. So this is sort of points in the direction of MK677 having some beneficial effects while dieting. Problem with that being for most people is that you get an appetite elevation from that too. So yeah, yeah, you can kind of be fucked there. And what I suspect happens, and this is actually a dress in this next study, a little bit, I don't know I have to go and look now that I think of it to see if if they measured cortisol, you see sometimes a slight elevation in cortisol from MK677. But if someone is, for instance, let's say they're just ravenous, right? And they really, really want to eat and they have to resist that and makes the diet more stressful. It would make sense to me that cortisol could also be elevated. So that could work against you to some degree. So there might be some fine tuning, like how much MK677 would you use for this? How much creates that unwanted side effect of an increase in appetite that then could stress you out and actually basically work against your goals of just having better fat free retention instead. You're so stressed and so hungry, you binge, right? Or the cortisol, you know, counteracts the impact of to some degree of the MK677 on IGF1. So but that's an interesting study. So now, what happened most of our listeners are, I would be, we talked a little bit this before the podcast, but we've got a lot of healthy young men here, right? Young or middle-age men that don't have growth hormone deficiency that they know of. This is all those three slides put together. I just put them in the other, in the case we want to go back to it. So here's a study. This one is from Colpinshi, it's here. Okay, someone wants that. From 1996, 27 year, they were 18 to 31 at average, 27 year old, Maryle males. This was a low versus high dose comparison. So they kind of had the ability to create a dose response sorry for this typo. Typo variable. Now it's fixed. All right, perfect. Now it's good. No, no, no, no, no, it's that. So they went for one week, nothing placebo. One week on a low dose, so five milligrams per day. So very low dose, like this is a very economical dose if you think it about money. And then the standard 25 milligrams dose. And then they took two weeks off to wash out the effects of having had whichever condition where they were in and came back and of course they they ran to mice them. So this was a crossover design. So we have, in this case nine subjects here. And we can compare a couple of different things for the actual individuals. Number of pulses. Um, per 24 hours after seven days of treatment with with the same. So this is at the end. This is the last day. This isn't looking at the first day versus the last day. This is looking seven days in to treatment with a low dose. So five milligrams. This is the five versus a high dose. This is the 25. Sorry, that's my best. So, um, interestingly enough, we look across that here are averages. We went from seven on average to 11. So that was an increase in number of pulses. Like that's that's a whole thing. Yeah, that's nice. But if we look at 24 hours secretion. So total secretion. Right. This is in micrograms. There was nothing. Zipo. I mean, statistically speaking, four hundred, fourteen. And this is actually the most important comparison. This is in the placebo. So no, in case this is our control. And then four hundred and twenty six with the twenty five milligrams dose. That's no difference at all. Interestingly enough, it was a significant. But the number that would you is the numerically the highest was with the low dose. Huh. And if we look here, this is this value is a standard deviation. So this is five, 44. Yeah. And there is a huge standard of it, standard deviation. Here's almost equivalent to the value itself. That's monstrous. Normally, you see standard deviations. If something is a, there's a very common phenomenon. Um, you will see standard deviations that are much, much, much less than the actual value itself. The percentage, like a single digit percentage often less than 50 percent of the value for sure. That's a huge, huge standard deviation. And so I've for all the squiggly theory. But we have some interesting things going. Just looking at total GH released at the end of these seven days. So this is really like what's going on after been using MK675 milligrams a day and a week in. So you've got that tacky phal axis is now no longer. Doesn't it's not a matter. You just, you basically have that's happened. You still got some growth or elevation or you would if you were someone who's deficient. In this case, when these individuals are not deficient. These are young males. They're not older. They're not obese. We don't have any dieting situation going on. We're not getting on average on average any elevation in growth hormone over the 24 hours. We're getting more pulses. But average growth hormone release in total is not elevated in these individuals with either a lower high dose on average. Super important. So let's take a look at this subject number one here. I got circled in green and I won't write on this anymore. So placebo is 558 low dose almost 1,400. That's more than twice. That's a doubling. The high dose is less. It's less than a doubling. This is 2 and a half almost 2 and a 3 quarters times it's high. The high dose is less. This is an inverted U dose response for this individual. Logo down one line. I think that's 3657. This individual goes from 3657. Their low dose. They actually go down. It's less. The high dose, they go up, but it's pretty much the same. 428 is really a mathmatic. There's a difference there, but that's not really, you're not getting a lot of bang for your buck if you're only going up 15-20%. It's better than nothing. But this person had a U-shaped dose response. They actually got less growth. So this is the growth home on go down. Well, high dose, no. Low dose. Yes. Here's an individual. Look at this guy. 510. Bottom down. 85. Hoax it. This is why the individual subject data is so important to have. And I always like, I'm like, yes, jackpot. They should know the individual data. Because you don't see these phenomena from the averages. You don't see this shit. You see it when you look at the standard deviation. Like, okay, something's wacky going on here. Look at all this variation. So this person, I mean, I put a question mark there because the high dose was pretty good. This growth home on his 350 on the high dose. It's 510. That's not okay. That's a 30% drop. Roughly. So, yeah. And I like that much. But look at this guy. 281. 1128. Not with 25 milligrams a day with 5. What? With 5. What is that? That's a fourfold elevation. Yeah. With an itsy bitsy tintsy wentsy dose. But spot it. Yeah. Then what's the 302 after it with the high dose? That's the same. 211 to 302. Like high dose does nothing. Yeah. That's a zippo. I'm so confused by this man. I mean, I'm not confused. But in superplexed. It's a beautiful example. I'm going to kind of cover some ideas. It's a beautiful example of biological entering to the duality. So, so like let's we have a if let's just take a look at this value here. Let's just look. So what happened here? We don't know. This is at the end of seven days the high dose. Right? This individual maybe there was maybe they got a good response at day one. And then the 25 milligrams was so high and so much overkill for them. The tacky phylaxis was essentially complete. They literally lost complete sensitivity to the MK67. But when they had a little dose of five milligrams, very small dose. There may have been lesser absorption. I haven't seen absorption value for low versus high dose. They may have had a really, really four-day unique biology. Obviously we're all humans. We all, you know, there's very many things in common genetically. But there's lots of variability amongst this as we're seeing here. This five milligrams dose was just enough to get a really nice response because you're really sensitive. We've seen those studies. You're really sensitive with the initial dose. But it wasn't so much to cause. Whatever is creating that tacky phylaxis. So maybe a smaller dose was just perfect for this person in a certain way to give them a really good response. And then it was out of the system. Clear to wake. It's just much smaller dose. It's going to be easier for the liver to process that. And then you get a little bit lower. So a smaller amount was absorbed for sure because it was only five. Right? And so they didn't have tacky phylaxis. Who would be able to see this person? Were they getting 11, 10, 11, 1200 from the first dose? And it stayed that way because they just used five milligrams. So, and here's the thing. So one more thing. Here we get, it gets to some concluding remarks here. But so this is what happened to IGF1. Right? So we really didn't see, this is very interesting because the average for high of GH 24-hour secretion did not go up with the high dose. But if we look at placebo versus high dose in terms of IGF1, it seems to be higher. It is trending up. This is that there's a dose response here, low dose to high dose. So there's some nuances of the of the pharmacokinetics here. And the dynamics of growth hormone release, then causing IGF1 release. So there was some elevation in IGF1. Right? At the higher doses, it seemed to be trending upward. But again, if we look at the individuals, so each of these little dots here, the open triangle or the closed triangle, the circles, the closed squares, etc. show individual subjects. Remember, this is a crossover. This I'll cover the one on the bottom here. This is the this person, I don't know which subject number it was. They may have been in the caption there. But this is the IGF1 after the placebo. At the low dose, it went up. And then at the high dose, it came back down. Inverted you. This could have been this guy subject number eight. We were just talking about. Here is someone who shows sort of that same inverted you a little bit. It's not really that powerful. Here's someone who showed a dose response. They got more of IGF1 elevation after one week of the 25 milligram. So there was an upward trend in terms of IGF1. And on average, you did see this to some degree. So, but it's not anything like we were seeing in these other studies. We're talking about much greater elevations than IGF1. Not so much here with the dieting, but if we look at these older folks, let's see go back to the older folks. We're talking about 60% elevations in both GH and IGF1. So this isn't. And this is like 250 and this maybe it's not that bad. But it's not as substantial and it's highly variable. Yeah, highly variable. As a coach, it just gets me thinking immediately like, hey, maybe if you have somebody who is really out of shape, you know, a lot of times we're like, hey, you don't need to take anything just get into a healthy diet and get into better. And that is true. You know what I mean? But hey, maybe they would more benefit from better benefit from MK. Older folks, obese folks, folks who tend to be deficient in growth hormone or NRIGF1, they would be like a better candidate. These studies and again, this is just a cursory view. There's some studies probably that I didn't dig up that I didn't find. I've looked at this a few times. But these are the ones that I thought I could in a what I was hoping to kind of a short presentation would kind of be examples. It wasn't trying to cherry pick at all. Sure. There's some ideas here that can be gleaned from this, I think. But if someone knows of a really important study that Francis contradicts this one or what have you let me know, the very, very well could be out there. I just put this together yesterday afternoon and look through it again this morning. So is there really a consistent dose response in terms of growth hormone? Yeah, I don't know, but not consistent. For some people it goes the other way. And that creates mayhem, right? Yeah. So it's very, very interesting. Like another thing here. So like this is here's IGF1, in this case with the placebo group, right? And it's pretty stable, right? And IGF1 is not determined solely by growth hormone. So insulin is important for IGF1, you're just your, your overall antibody picture is reflected in IGF1 and it's also controlled by IGF1. So oops, sorry, we go back to here and we're looking at, let's take a look at this person here with who had this sort of inverted you. And their growth hormone went down on the low dose, right? I don't know which person they are here in terms of IGF1, but they might have been someone, like this isn't, then maybe, but it doesn't, this person might not have seen a loss of reduction in IGF1 because growth hormone went down because they weren't dieting, right? They were just had less growth hormone and that's not everything that changes IGF1. It's not, that's not the only thing steering IGF1. But if growth hormone goes up, like it did for instance for this person or this guy, this may then be reflected in IGF1. So lower growth hormone may not necessarily create lower IGF1. In fact, we see it's barely, in fact, even when someone's dieting here. So if you're not dieting, I could see that it's the same. But if you're someone, like, sorry, this guy whose IGF1 growth hormone was quadrupled, that would be something I would expect to increase IGF1. Yeah. So the IGF1 elevation may happen with elevated growth hormone, but it may not be reduced with reduced growth hormone. So that's something you consider too. So this, the nature of this relationship is solely dependent upon growth hormone, but it does reflect it to some extent. So this was their conclusion. I'll just read it. Daily administration for one week with MK67 novel, growth hormone secreticog acting as the RPA agatist, increases circulating IGF1s together with an apparent enhancement of GH pulse frequency. So that's what we saw over here. So more pulses, right? And there's something I didn't cover here, but this is, that's why I put this quote, but without detectable elevation of growth hormone secretion. It's just more pulses, but they're, they're, they're, they're the curve was not really, or the total growth hormone in this case they didn't do very incur, they did total growth hormone secretion over the day. There was no consistent effect on that parameter. This treatment does not induce any hypercortlesalism, so that's a good thing. That's one thing that's measured. Furthermore, is dissociate with enhancement of both stage 4 and REM sleep. So they had some sleep improvements there. Okay. Yeah. So that's then a lot of people report that too. Yeah. So I'm sorry to ensure that day now, I was just trying to put this together and to kind of keep it focused. Yeah. Yeah. So some quick takeaways then. And I covered all this, but I like to repeat myself itself for learning, I think. So in those with potential GH deficiency, the age of obese, for instance, or where IGF1 levels may decline, chloric deficit, MK67, increases growth hormones substantially with a single dose. We know this, shows this tacky fil axis, but still against this nullivation, and promotes a higher IGF1 versus placebo. So we've kind of got that that's basically the takeaways here. At least this one studying younger men healthy non-obescent mochors, et cetera. The less clearly defined dose response to say the least, one period, because this is the site we just looked at. Some individuals may get a greater GH release, total micrograms with a lower dose versus a higher dose, five versus 25 milligrams. Some individuals may have a lower GH release with a lower dose. So this is high variability there. So in young healthy men, this is just from this sort of from this one study and piecing some of things together that we've from the other studies hypothetically to minimize tacky fil axis and manage negative side effects, less is better. Might consider testing lower dose regiments in general. Theoretically, consider less frequent dosing as a strategy hypothetically reduced the tacky fil axis, the loss of drug sensitivity. So don't take it every day. And intermittent strategy, then could be combined with dietary variations, calorie toggling, carburtation, training versus adontraining day diets to coordinate the hyper phase. I'm using the technical terms to people know what these means, and if they dig in, I'm literature. The appetite stimulation versus the clerk intake. So for instance, if someone's dieting and higher IGF1 would be whoved them, right? Growth home was also not a bad thing. They might use the MK67 on those days when they can afford the increase in appetite because they're eating more on those days. It's part of their daily plan. So you're not taking on days when your calories are really low, you take it on the days when you're doing a refeed or you're eating more because that's the day when you've trained weak muscle groups, you want to make sure you hold them of that muscle as best you can, or what have you're sub-sucordinating these things. So this last, so that study was really interesting. The last thing, and this is what you were talking about, you've introduced this perfectly Scott for this. So thank you. So some other thoughts related to self-met trends. And this is just me sort of, you know, it's just spitballing, but if we have individual variability, which we have here, this is going to give us mixed results. Just anecdotally, you know, people are going to post like this stuff was, you know, a godsend for me. It was absolutely amazing. It worked great, helping you know, more fullness and ball of law. And this variation in anecdotes, depending on how the search engines and the algorithms are all sending you stuff, and depending on whose voices are the loudest, based on how much they talk, or how much important they are, or, you know, if they are an influencer in this area, that substances, or they just want to say, hey, you know, this is something you may have missed, and they want to make themselves known, right? Substance will trend then over time. They won't be consistent staples. They'll get used sometimes, everyone uses and then all said they sort of fade away. They're not consistently, because they're not consistently effective among across individuals. At those doses, I should have added here. That's the doses. This is one that's really, really interest. I'll put dose dependent here, if I can write this out. Just a dose exclamation mark. There we go. And then when dieting versus in an icicle or if eating a surplus, where IGF1 will already be higher. So that's the one thing about that's not in the study with younger men that we just covered, but if you're dieting down and this helps elgrade your IGF1, that would tend to be a good thing for holding on to fat for your mass. But if you're in a caloric surplus already, which is going to mean you have higher IGF1, and your otherwise healthy, you're not GH deficient in any way, shape or form, there might be even less of an effect on IGF1, because it's already elevated. You've got a ceiling effect. Having a little more GH may not boost your IGF1 anymore. I don't know. The data are not here. Not there that I'm aware of at least. Those are some thoughts as to why this particular supplement, especially in the context of this really, really fascinating study, and all these, barely read this stuff now, but all of these individual data that suggests we got responders, and we got maybe responders, and we got people that are non-responders. And some, I mean, most people aren't using five milligrams, and why? Because these are the studies, these are the first three studies I've covered, all 25 milligrams. That's the standard dose. And like I said, I haven't dug in super deep in the literature, but if I just, if you just had this study to look at, yeah, just this study, you would think, well, at least a five milligrams dose makes sense. And you know, it's going to work for some people, and not everyone would be going and testing their growth hormone. After the MK67, maybe a week, and they would use this as a template for determining whether it's going to work for you. And I was going to ask that. I was going to say, if somebody said, hey, I want to try, I want to find out if this really works for me, what would you suggest? Because back when we first started talking about MK67, we didn't have the availability to do private labs the way we do now. You know, it was much more of where, well, since widespread, yeah, for sure. Yeah, yeah. So if, if somebody were going to do that, what do you think would be a good way to find out if you were a good responder? Let me see if I can clear this here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, now we're back. All right. Yeah. So that's a difficult thing, because you're getting an elevation that happens over time. So you do, you know, I haven't even seen those form of Connecticut data to know what the peak looks like. We have it in beetles. When the other studies, the growth hormone goes up, right? There's also increase in pulse utilities, so more pulses, but you'd want to make some sort of a growth hormone measurement. But what do you go in three hours? Like people typically do if they're using GH, because that's when you see that peak, right? I don't even know exactly. IGF1 is something you could measure. Yeah, that's for sure. Give that, you know, week or two. It seems like it probably plateaued after maybe a couple weeks. You know, things will be changing depending on what your dietary strategy is. So IGF1 would be in one indicator, and you could also try growth hormone after you've taken the dose. And also you could see, I mean, you could do all these sort of things, you know, with yourself, and do multiple trials with people I've limited funds in time, but it'd be interesting to see if someone, you know, you're only going to be realistically able to get like one growth hormone, more hormone measurement. You can't go in and like keep going back to lab core like every hour. Yeah, but because you're not going, there won't get you one on time anyway. You'll wait one time and the other time they'll get you right in. But let's say you go to the three hour mark that would be just, you know, that would make sense. This half life of four to seven hours, like I said, I haven't found that data. That's that's an elimination half life. So, you know, you might, you might expect if you go in it maybe two hours, something like that, but I don't, I don't know what the curve would. I haven't seen it. I love it. You kind of, so there's a little bit of guessing in there, but maybe get maybe go in and get some, you know, baseline, right? Get some control, baseline, your IGF and GHC. We're that's at normally, right? And probably then keep that diet consistent. You know what I mean? Whatever diet you're doing because diet is going to influence your IGF levels at least, right? And you're good. And then, you know, maybe a week later, a week later, get your IGF levels tested again and like you said, who knows what the growth exactly, but maybe it is two hours, three hours after you're dosing. You know, I would think that, you know, at least you might get an idea that way. I'd be really curious too. If anybody does do that, you know, if anybody is like, hey, you know, I'm a real science nerd and I'm a bodybuilding nerd. I want to do this. Let us know because wouldn't it be cool to have our listeners if they embarked upon an adventure like that to share with us what they came up with? Yeah. And getting the low dose and high dose measurements too. So I don't like, something people could do if they're really in tune is just try the low dose. Yeah, see what happens with the low dose, you know, and see what you get growth home one wise or look at, you know, you could do, from that one individual, seem like he got a fourfold increase with the low dose, five, was that five milligrams? Yeah, five milligrams. One fifth of the normal dose, right? I don't know, that might allow you to avoid the hunger you wouldn't even feel it, per se, it's people. But I mean, who knows, maybe you'll start to feel it in terms of like carpal tunnel syndrome and the typical, you know, jades. But that, I would, if you're that individual and you get that and some people don't get that, right? But you would, right? I would hopefully see that reflected in your GH blood work two hours, three hours afterwards. And you could test to see, you know, two hours afterwards, a week later, see if you don't have any tacky flexus. So, if you could test initial response, get a baseline, initial response to a five or 25 milligrams dose, you know, do you're best with that, right? Yeah. And then go way to week and see how much tacky flex you have in both of those situations. So that would be five measurements, some growth hormone, IGF1 to see, keeping diet and everything else pretty much the same. It's somebody who was really invested in trying to figure this stuff out. Yeah, it's not too much, you know, you really could do that. Yeah, especially with the pricing as labs are cheaper than ever nowadays too. So, yeah, yeah, well, we're getting sicker and sicker. Yeah, so yeah, demands going up so they can reduce the prices. But well, I think that's other topic, but the insurance is charging more and more than they're charging insurance more than ever. But our labs that we get through, like I have no affiliation with Merrick, but Merrick for instance is super competitive on their price. You know, yeah, the one I use is really, it's not bad at all. So, I mean, I mean, gosh, I don't know, MK is not that expensive, right? Yeah, if you, if you were someone to figure out that five milligrams works better, the lab, it would pay for the lab work, you know, over the course of the years because you're using hardly any like a year supply with last would cost you like nothing. Yeah, and if you're that guy who gets this massive G8 release and it's, and this is what we into it, he got that. Yeah, like that was like if you talk about equivalency, you know, that total microgram release, he was sort of on the low end to start with. So that may have been part of this is that he was relatively deficient for whatever reason. Yeah, that makes sense. But this could be a ticket for you. So yeah, so there's lots of things to look at, but I think that kind of gives us some insight as to why this kind of comes and goes and some people rave about it and some people think it's just on-gwashing, just causes water retention and makes you want to eat stuff. You shouldn't. Yeah, I used it. So when I had used it a number of times back, you know, way back in the day, I, you know, I hoped that there was a G8 response, but I did know that I would get the appetite and I used it in off season to help, you know, provide more hunger and it did help with that. And I did notice that my sleep did improve. So it was cool to see that you noted that it was noted in one of the studies there that improved REM sleep and stage force sleep. Yeah, man, and I found it wasn't a continuous thing where I didn't always get good sleep from it every time. But it was especially like that first week and back then we would run it for three weeks on and then three weeks off or whatever and you would tend to gain a lot of water. So if I can, and here's what I thought, my mindset, if I can gain better appetite to help me be able to continue eating an extremely high calorie diet, if I can get better sleep and that helps me with better recovery and I'm also, you know, holding some additional fluid, weight moves weight in the gym, you know, I can get some some better strength than even if the GH isn't, you know, doing everything I'd want it to. I am getting some level of benefits there. That was kind of what I told myself and hopefully GH was up, you know, but I never did any personal testing and you know, I will note one thing and I can't say because I wasn't in a controlled situation. I don't even remember where I was now. But and I had heard this from a couple other people too of mild elevations and liver numbers and ASTLT. So there was that as well to consider, you know. Yeah. And the lower dose would probably presumably help with that. Yeah, the point. Yeah. So anyway, so there's some info for people on that and like I said, I can send all those references to people who want, they're all noted in that you can probably stop and zoom in if you want to look and find the reference. It should be easy to find. Let me ask you one more thing Scott. So if with, with consult, I'm going to pitch Scott here, guys. That's what you know. This is my sales pitch for you. If I were a follower of the podcast and I was like, you know what? Let's say we didn't just do this. If I was like, you know what, I really want to know about MK677. I could hire you for a consult and you could basically share this type of stuff. We could go over a lot of different things. It wouldn't have to just mean MK. Maybe we were talking about what are some thoughts on, you know, I need to figure out how to do a water manipulation. I'm coaching myself. I've got your book, but I would love to do a consult with you on that. Or I'm going into my off season and I'm doing four to two training or I'm familiar with four to two and I would love help with setting up a plan that would work for me. Those are all like consultation topics that you could literally hire Scott to do, right? I try as much as I can and this happens a lot, but it's just the right thing to do. I let people know about the other resources about the beer and bodybuilding coach book, the four to two training books. I have a free, the discussion board is free for four to two training. This just happened this week, happened a couple times a week. People can ask their questions there for free and I'll answer them because they bought the book and they supported me already and if they'd be the buy the beer and bodybuilding coach book, they buy that for a hundred bucks or whatever and that's going to be cheaper than a consultation and they get much more bang for their buck but then they come back to me and say, okay Scott, I've been doing this for the four to two training. I'm not sure how to do this. I've read the board. I can't find it. Now they have awesome questions because they've already learned they've kind of got to as far as they can go during four or learning things and now they need some help with finer and then I'm like yeah, now let's go for now we can dig in on the finer details. But I have people too, I have several clients who just want to know the science side of stuff. So we go into like go to the thickest and I put I put together powerpoint presentations for clients in this sort of way and we go through them on zoom and like literally, I mean some of those I will probably refine and give as a seminar at some point down the road because I've gone into pretty significant depth in many cases for clients. I know that will benefit me in the future but so like this sort of thing like now if someone ever asked me about, I'd say check out the podcast first. It's free. This is a perfect example and now they're like okay Scott, so if they're really science, he's like well you know I want to find out more about like the gray and receptor agonism and why that causes that and the other and what can we do and in terms of prevent the tacky flexus set or set or set or then we can go into that from very sciencey perspective or maybe they listen to them like I don't like follow all this stuff like what do you think or you know this is what I'm hypothetically planning on doing but you know my hypothetical lab lab subject would do what do you think about this regimen and how should I test my blood or what that sort of stuff and I can answer those things theoretically I'll answer any question I possibly can you know and not make a bullshit. I'll let you know if I can if I can help. I don't ever tell people what substances to take. I say this is what I know. I'm pathetic with all the blah but so like this would be a topic like if someone let's say the week from now or a year from now someone comes to me and says hey that's one of their questions they've outlined and I said I'd say check out this podcast first and then I may have shot myself in the foot like they don't they're like okay well my questions are answered that was awesome I don't get anything from it right but if they do come to me then I know we're gonna have a high level discussion that they're gonna find really valuable and most of these clients are also coaches so that makes them better. And that's my goal is to make people better or help people figure out how to make themselves better so to speak I'm not like magical like who poof you're better. Yeah I have worse but I'm there that you know pay it forward and to help people out so yeah this is yeah this is the kind of stuff I'll do in consultations with people and even if you guys don't have a question if you don't have a consultation idea for Scott and you just wanted to support him you can buy the fortitude training book for like 20 bucks. Holy books. So I mean literally it's pretty cheap plus you get the book then you get something from that and you're definitely helping to support Scott that way. I mentioned be your own body building coach it's definitely a wealth of information and as you mentioned you know a great way to take to get ahead start in coaching yourself if you want to figure things out and I'll have links to that below and of course the channel don't forget about Patreon guys we have the trade-in-reviewer Patreon and I know that we had another question that was related on Patreon that we'll get to I've get to that in the future it would be ashamed to step on that topic and you know sure to try to cram it in at the end here about solid foods versus protein versus supplemental powders but of course to true nutrition.com use our code think over there great supplements supplement source.ca they have great frickin prices got you can get a pre-workout on clothes out for like 10 to 15 dollars like good stuff like all max but they changed the label and so they're trained and dumped the old stuff you know great deals on that stuff and leave us questions for the next show guys thank you Scott this was really cool man and it pushed my knowledge for it an MK which is kind of novel I can't run the last time I've actually used it and someone's playing you know what I mean but hey maybe I'll consider it now you know what I mean who knows well thank you because you're the one who said hey people keep on asking about this can we talk about this again and that other podcasts is only audio so I think there were images for that one too so thanks for giving me a cool topic I had a good time kind of digging for the last few hours man this is my frickin pleasure and I hope that everybody at home enjoyed this too if you're watching this far in and you haven't hit the like button then please do for you know muscle minds is the most education the all our shows are educational this is the deepest level of education on all of our programs and but for that reason it doesn't get the mass hits is like how to run trend you know what I mean so for that reason guys we need your frickin help at home if you enjoy muscle minds then please help us out by leaving us a comment hitting the like button and share this stuff you know share this stuff with people who who need to hear everybody know somebody who's asking about MK when they ask about MK send them this podcast please should I take it or not yes or no tell me the answer oh thought sign you're right here they are here the thoughts yeah guys for another episode of muscle minds thank you for tuning in thank you for being with us we will see you soon and Scott thank you as always absolutely my pleasure audio's