And it's a widow maker. So this is not a pump set in a fortitude training where you're keeping continuous. This is just like I'm going to just get as many reps as I can. I must stay on this weight until it comes hell or high water. This video containing previously on release footage was made with express permission from its owner, MLC video productions. Visit MLC video linked in description to buy videos and watch some of the most important training footage bodybuilding has ever seen. What's up guys? Today on Muscle Mines we have a Beyond Special Treat. I'm super excited about this. Scott, please introduce this. What are we going to do today? So this is an old clip that I found on my computer when I was when I was told and to clear off the hard drive space. From MLC video. So this is Bruce Lester's company but used to be a material copies company. MLC video. Yeah. It's the video. It's the company where they have all the old school badass battle for the limpia videos. And he did Dave Henry's video. He did a number of the videos back in the VHS days or some on DDDs too. Back when Scott had long luscious locks. Back when I had long hair. Bruce was such a cool guy. He came in the town. He I think he was in town three times back when I was in Tucson and training with Dave. And during one of these videos he just he was clipping the video out making the final production and he had all these clips that included me. Yeah. I didn't make it in the final video or maybe some of them did but they were just mine. I actually contact. We followed each other and Instagram. He liked one of my posts just the other day and I said, hey by the way, we're going to play back that video. I haven't watched it and give you a plug which we're doing now. And it's just footage of me and you know I haven't seen it for a watch of like 10 years. And so we're going to be at the reminisce about the good old days of training with Dave. I don't even remember exactly where we were. I think the video kind of hints is to where we were time wise but it was sometime in the late 2000s before I moved. So it's 2007, 2008, 2009, something like that. We've got some good gym training and then like the second I'd say the second half of it maybe is in your acupuncture facility. So we'll explain all that as we go. But guys, this is a special treat. So everybody who enjoyed like early 2000s bodybuilding, this is totally going to be your jam. Yeah old school, maybe. Here we are, over body parts. I think it's in legs. Do I have Mickey? And what he's got for me is he. That's Mickey is white. He's got Steve. He's got the D.C. training shirt on. I see it. Look at that hair. Holy shit. Yeah. Yeah, I have a while here until I get years ago. Yeah, lightning. I think I got a D.C. training shirt on too. Let's see. I'm going to turn the volume down here for the look up. Look at the volume on the music play. Yeah, and then the last one. Yeah. Okay. So this, this, this, the gym, um, blanking on the guy's name. So this guy used to train it. He was a personal trainer, the guy who owns this gym we're at. And he was at, oh my big. I was trying to get a whole of this thing. Yeah, I got to go all the way back to Minnie. I'll be right there. All right. And you know what? I think I have those six or actually, I'm shorts on today. I do. You still have those. Wait, what year was this? What year was this then? I don't know exactly. I have to go and look. Probably like, I don't know if it's before after I won the Arizona show or not, but it was like 2007, maybe 2005, 2006. Okay. Yeah. I have to go and see which video of Dave's that comes from and then you could date it. But anyway, so this is kind of it. You could see this here. This guy worked at another gym and he loved all the equipment there. He was used to it. So what he did is he had hired a guy locally to recreate all these hammer strength machines. Oh, wow. So you really rebuilt the main machines that he wanted from that other gym and he just had a local guy do them. So they were literally all hammer strength. So pause it there just for a second. See if my foot is resting on there? Yeah, that's a plate. That's just a bar. It's like a one inch diameter bar. Oh, wow. It's fucking killed your feet. It was just a worse thing ever. So the pain here was the pain of doing DC style cast stretches. Yeah. On top of the fact that you're just about to give you about to block the the planter fashion of your feet. That is because you're just resting on that bonnet post. Yeah, it was just a really horrible thing. Those are, they look like very slow negatives too. Like very, this is DC style training caps. You can see there. This is before like looking like you see my, on my right leg, my I have a needle gas truck. It's that muscles totally torn now. It's gone. Yeah. Absent. So yeah, I'm watching, I think I have my watch on my foot and I'm watching the time. Oh, I'm doing, I think 22nd negatives here. Okay. You lift up, you know, and then you slow it lower with like the five seconds or so. So you got your on a 20 second tempo. So three reps a minute. Oh, wow. And it's just a single set. I don't, Dante sort of throughout some numbers. It's how to do it. I was with, when I was doing DC training with people, I always said get a watch, stick on the tempo because you're going to want to go faster and you're going to want it when the pain gets there. So just set. Like I think he stopped. No, that's just, this is still the same set. There's just one set. Just in one set of this shit. Yeah. So it's all Dave's just kind of waiting until I get to the point where I can't move. Okay. So you're just, that's the goal. You just one set to absolute failure. One set. I don't, yeah. Sometimes you can rest pause those. I don't know if we did that there, but it's basically the standard of one DC training was one cast set. Yeah. So I'm watching, I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm gonna, I'm gonna flush this box. The last box you had then. So I couldn't get that rep. So I'm just watching. Yeah, I haven't got, I had my, my iPad. I was watching the timer. So I've picked the long song. There's a three in the last minute. I think I've been at sets. Dave's laughing because I think I probably mentioned how bad my foot. My foot, my feet were hurting. He looks lean there. You could see when he smiles, he gets those real that bodybuilder thin lines in his face. Oh, he's always lean. Yeah. Look at, to the back. I know. I could take some monster. These are brutal. Yeah. I didn't realize how brutal doing a dumbbell hamstring curl is until I started doing it myself. I love that move. Yeah. They're great. Your hamstrings are freaking peeled on this, too. Yeah. I don't really hold that on my legs so they look crazy. I know what you mean. I'm kind of the same way. See, I like it though, I'm gonna put on the decline bench because it's wider like that. So yeah. Like sometimes on smaller benches. If you're on a bench, as opposed to the floor, you're like, you have to use your aducks to hold your feet together. So you mean, you're doing a whole bunch. Dude, my ad doctors have been so fatigued from doing this exercise in part for that reason, trying to hold it together. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's a good stress there to want to add that. But Dave was crazy strong on means. It was really interesting. We were about the same on hamstring movements. He just destroyed me on this one. Not really. Why or how? It was. It was just something about the biomechanics. Maybe he pulled his gastroccane to it a lot more. But anyway, and he's a free key. So yeah, I don't know where I don't know when this was. He probably says in the video. So they see the little ad though. MOC video.com. That's where you can find days videos. And a lot of it's stuff is out on YouTube now. It's basically free. Yeah. He didn't want people were just snagging and posting. I used to for about five years. I would literally try, so I know. Do you have such a freak? I mean, he's still competing too, which is crazy isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. He's still. He's been out longer than he's been out as long as Dr. Jackson has, basically. Yeah. Yeah. Seven is now really big on this notion. Yeah. So it's kind of based on some basic, uh, interconological and um, muscle studies demonstrating the insulin, you know, assacitur are going to promote an ablism, anti-cata ablism, et cetera. So other thing, basic simple ideas that you train calves, so you train calves, an amp strain to 1230, and quads at one, then you eat at one 30, the food action, start to hit your system to a clock and now you're two hours after the last time you, after you, since you train calves. So why not start eating the meal right then and there as long as it doesn't make you throw up during the workout? Yeah. So there's a timing issue too. Dude, I'm not doing that. I hope you're thinking. Yeah. We threw up day through a couple of times while we trained. Did he? Yeah. Not this, not this session, but yeah, there was once. We used one of those leverage scots that the, the one that you can really put any weight on. Yeah. Angelom's clock. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That a really good day when they, they go big yellow. It's there. Somebody that's just hammer up, you know. Sure. Sure. Yeah. But still. Yeah. He's wild looking. So that was early, man. So you guys were using, I mean, what, let me ask you this, do, do your thoughts? Are your thoughts different today than the stuff you said there? Has it evolved? Yeah. No. Nope. Yeah. Yeah. But still, I mean, those, and there's funny that I mentioned me, though, is just like, you know, me, loves to doing this and everyone knows that now. But this was, you know, just 15 plus years ago. So, yeah, back to the level. I think it was a simple machine, right? That's, oh, that's a side back story. That is his side backs. But he's got a bunch. He just recreated all these machines. So once he couldn't get, you just, or just he won the same money on. So you'll see that. Here's your Scott's about to get down. Obviously, what I'll make her set, maybe. Yeah. Oh, yeah. She, I'm visualizing here. Okay. And the thing about all this footage, just so people know, this is just the stuff that was of me that never made it in the video. So you just filmed it, just written, shits and grins. Yeah. So I'm really pumped that we get to see this man. This is as, as somebody who loves the early 2000s bodybuilding, this is a real treat. So you can see I put my feet on the bottom. So I've just got my heels on the bottom there. I'm trying to make this as much of the quad exercise. You can do these, like we would do hand presses on these. Yeah. So you're trying to go as low as I can. You look like you're coming just about, oh, yeah, you do. The bottoming out, yeah. So these are deep, right? Yeah. And it's a widow maker. So this is not a pump set in a fortitude training where you're keeping continuous. This is just like, I'm going to just get as many reps as I can. I'm going to stay under the fucking weight until it comes hell or high water. Yeah. So like literally, I got like, I don't know, like I would have gotten about five if I just kept going. Yeah. And like I got like seven reps now. Who knows how long I stay in here, but think we're, we're trying to get at least. Or maybe this was just a heavy set. This is probably just a heavy set. This is how saw we did this shift. So this is like having done this for years and years and years and realizing that it takes its toll on you when you're, yeah, that was just one of the heavy sets. That wasn't what I'm making. Yeah. What were you starting to say though, it takes its toll on you. Oh, it just take, like you have those grinder reps that that just destroyed your nervous system. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what that set does. And you know, I learned that from you after I attempted to do, you know, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it gives me a muscle round. Yeah. And I took pauses in between each rep really. And I didn't think about it. You're really, you're, you're trying to hold back from failing in the muscle. So it, it just takes so much more out of you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And eventually the return on investment isn't, isn't as good as it could be potentially when you're doing continuous reps sets, you know, and going too failure or a couple reps shy, I feel you're getting a lot more, can you get a lot more bang for your buck? This doesn't mean you shouldn't do a set like that every once in a while because they're just fun. Yeah. But you know, you're just wasting yourself. So that's why I built that in the 42 training with these experiences. And there was no ad dr machine in there. So we used, we used, um, I think I'm using a plate that I've got like a weight belt around my ankle. And you're very Dave looks like he puts God under arrest there. He does. Yeah. That's funny. All right. Let's see what's going on here. If you scroll back, I think you can see my ankles. It'll probably, yeah, we'll probably go down a little bit. Yeah. Let's see. Well, those are weight belts. Yeah. But you had to just rig this. This is like, Dave used to say, what the fuck are we going to do now? Like, I'd start go over like, start digging in the pile of attachments and carabiners. Yeah. And it's definitely like, oh God, what the fuck are we doing? I got an hour after. I got a question I have to ask later from another question from Andrew. So I highlighted an Andrew. We'll get back to it. Yeah. We got some chest training here. Let's see that shirt. That's an intense muscle shirt. Oh, yeah. That's an original. Yeah. Yeah. Looks like. I think so. They've been struggling with chest and the road is much longer than chest. Yeah. His noise making. Yeah. Andrew mentioned it was about the dumbbell over head, tri-set extension. I think he was saying we're texting this morning. He was a writer. I think it's a long show that you're deep in and you're doing it as hard as you can. We are going to bounce him out. Yeah. He could do the 120s. Oh, you can't do it. What are you? Yeah. He could pick it up and he could do that shirt and someone didn't believe it. We filmed it one day. No kidding. It was someone on like bodybuilding.com or get bigger. Some shit like that. And like, we're not getting called out and I've seen him do it. Yeah. Dave needs to do some crazy shit. Like he just he could do Smith machine lunges with four plates. You're kidding me. No. No. So do it. Like he would just just do like sets of eight and eight to ten with one leg like that. So this is like the negative on a DCS process. I'm just trying to fight to keep it from touching and watching and trying to hold it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Just try to torture myself. Who? So it looks like they must be the deep dish plates. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think they're just 45s. He should be. He's always laughing how hard we train. Yeah. Yeah. He needs more weight. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's probably doing it. And just the shape to his muscle. Yeah. It's so crazy. He has one of my favorite ever most most muscular. It's the way he hits it. Yeah. That was just hands clashed. Yeah. So you can see there are one of the things on DC training. You only do a little bit of number of sets. Right. And I think that footage there that it was just because it was just clipping. Yeah. Yeah. Just clipping whatever. That was after an initial failure point. So the thing I'm so I see I'm helping. Yeah. Yeah. That was a principle of DC that it's really nice to have a partner for. If you want to accumulate as many eccentric or negative reps as you possibly can. Okay. So this is this is this is this is whole snow negative. There's negative hold. So I help up. And even on except for maybe the first one doesn't matter so much. But after you go to failure once you're doing the second third part of the rest body set. Always help on the initial concentric. So you don't waste energy. And you can get that you start with a negative. And then if you get that last rep or close to it, at least you have a negative on the way down. So you want to accumulate the negatives because the negatives produce better growth. There's more force relative amount of muscle that's involved. And the concentric's create more fatigue. So I mean, shit literally, if you get to like the end of a rest body set and you're going to and you have to push that that way up to get but into being two reps, if someone were to help you, you can lower it and then maybe get three reps. Yeah. So you get maybe even four eccentrics as opposed to just two. So you literally and those are and there are, there are all that effort eccentric. Basically it's close as you can come with the freeway. Yeah. So the loading that you get by getting that assistance someone helping you up is tremendous. You end up adding like two or three reps and even more eccentric because you're always starting on an eccentric when someone's helping you up. Yeah. So a lot of people forget they wouldn't do that with DC training, especially if you're doing low reps like like A and then three and then two and that becomes A and then four and then three. Yeah. It makes a difference because if you think of it now in terms of effective reps, it's huge difference there. Oh yeah. I get any of the help up because the concentric produces growth but it's fatiguing and it's not as good as the eccentric in that regard. That makes total sense. Yeah. And Dante knew that. Like he recognized just from the fatiguing effect of that, you're getting the weight up and going like with dumbbells. Yeah. We don't do it here. We used to do those power hooks which you can still buy now and we'd use, we did dumbbell overhead presses with like the 100s, the 110s. Right. And you can those start here and you could stand up and grab hold of those and I could help him up. Okay. First rep. Yeah. Because with otherwise with dumbbells, it's the worst case scenario you want to do a rest-pause set in a low-up rod dumbbells. Good luck. Great. And it has in the man because it's dangerous when you're that but he trying to just get the weight in a position. Oh, it's yeah. Why does he have to do it? Yeah. So anybody who's going to do it's the behind the neck press in here? No man. Behind the neck presses. You don't see that as much anymore. I still do him. Dude. Yeah. Just did him two days a little. Okay. I still have that shirt. Oh yeah. That's a gold gym maple shirt actually. I still have it. The dead gym doesn't exist. This is a gold gym Tucson. Okay. That gym has changed hands. What if they still have that Smith machine? I think that's a side-back Smith machine. I like those. I like that era. Yeah. Smith machine. They at this gym. They had a two-and-a-quarter. Not bad. Not having that. They had a Smith machine in there. It was a great Smith machine. And they got rid of it. What had happened at the Golds of Venice there was a guy who was squatting and he didn't put it put the safety in on a Smith machine. Yeah. And he had an accident. I'm going to show what exactly happened but the weight came down on him and he was paralyzed. Oh God. Yeah. This was a long while ago. He was a lawyer and he sued Golds gym at one. You're kidding me. No. No. So Golds gym, like it just didn't rectify the issue. The fact was he just didn't use the safety's. But they just removed that particular, all the gyms that had that particular model Smith machine. They just took it out. No kidding. Just because of the potential liability. If they ever got very happy again with that machine, that's the way you're already know this machine is dangerous, right? Yeah. Yeah. And now it's the users of dangerous. But this sucks for the guy. But so they brought him to the Smith machine and that was basically the same thing. Right. Different brain. It's how old is the previous one. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously I want to hear what he has to say here. I'm seriously looking to get out of the they'd come up. But you know, I get, I guess, for as far as you know, overall strength that I would like the higher. I mean, the illusion is to set this. But I think that's the strength of your children. Was it was he saying he needs better overhead pressing strength? Yeah. I think they're asking him. I think it's something about whether his delts have come up since he's been in relative to a strength level. I think there's something about that. Okay. Can we wind it? If you want to. Yeah. It cut, it cut, started with him talking. Oh, yeah. This is just like these kind of like whatever clips he wasn't trying to make a production out of. Right. Right. I never thought of him as having weak delts. No. No. No. No. No. He took that. But that 120 pound dumbbell over. So you don't want to dumbbell overhead? It was just ridiculous. Yeah. He could just, he could just hoist that thing up and it's just like there's some motion. You know, body English? It was like how the fuck that you're doing that, you know? Yeah. So they got two and a quarter. You got two and a quarter out here. Now you're putting two dimes on each side. Oh, you're going to do this. I don't know. Yeah. I'm going to go over that. That's your. You look ready. Yeah. Yeah. It looks ready too. That may have been a few reps in. That's up the first one. Yeah. Yeah. And that's yeah. That's the be the little second or the third. Now I have. Yeah. You didn't start with that. No. No. I got probably. I probably got six or eight reps the first time. Okay. Okay. So you're doing a rest pause on this as well then. Yeah. So that was the second. Probably the second part. I see. Maybe get a rep here. I see. Oh, this is that's the that's the and that's the negative. Okay. The pulse negative. Just resisting. Oh. Yeah. That's tough. Yeah. No. We're doing all the fancy schmansy stuff here. Right? Like all the like a lot of things. This thing and yeah. Yeah. Beating twisting with like nearly three plates. You know. Yep. It's just like this is just fucking go for this shit. And this is this is DC. When we ran the schmist machine for safety reasons. I don't know how far out day is. But it's just just like one after the big weight. That's the way. Yeah. A little wallet. Yeah. That's a good message right there. And this was I don't know Dave. Try stuff. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy that he could they could do it overhead tricep extension that had like with with with with with a dumbbell that most people can't press. Yeah. It was like I don't it was like it was like he was somehow like creating a a gravity vortex around himself worth it. It was just like no gravity like pretty uh pretty impressive. Yeah. It was just like almost like a parlor trick in a way because it didn't you know. So how does he do this shit? It's really close to you. Yeah. It's a pretty pressure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's having pain there. Oh, okay, longer forearm yeah. On this one's your side so you went a little wider in that fix. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You just kicked that rock to it. It's a lot of chalk. I think I have, yeah. So press pause here. This is one of the things, if people scroll back, they can see that. Yeah, so that's a climber's bag of chalk. Oh yeah. Okay, so it comes in a little plastic zip lock bag. And whenever I go to a gym, like here, they don't want you to make a chalk mess, right? Right. So you just use the climber's bag. And literally, I just leave that in my little, a little bag I drag around with, whatever I needed in the gym, or just my gym bag. So I just reach in, you put your hand in there. In this case, I took it out. Just put your hand in there, you put the chalk on. It makes no mess whatsoever. That's going to leave it in the plastic bag, drop back and see it. I just chalk in gyms, where the chalk's not allowed, no one ever know. No, yeah. And until, yeah, I get your little bit of... Yeah, I get your little bit of... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, what's easier? And the chalk, it's the same stuff, you know? So, yeah, those other bags. No, but see the thing is, the ones that I'm not the guy, isn't all that really cool? Did you throw that? Yeah, and he got his pro-card at the National. Was it? Oh, it's changed my flight. It's changed an effort. Yeah, changed an effort. Yeah, changed an effort. Well, it's open extra to anybody. Yeah, you see that? All right, thanks. So, staying an efforting just turned pro at this point. Yeah, I remember that. And he was the world's strongest bodyguard, they were doing that competition. I remember that him in Ben White, we're up against each other. Yeah, Johnny Jackson was part of that. Was he? He was in the conversation. I don't know if he ever did. I've got one on one because Johnny... Ben was our stand was stronger in piloting competitions, you know? Yeah. And Johnny, which says a lot. I saw a stand in the animal booth at the Arnold Pickup. Two hundred pound dumbbells up the floor, and then sit down and incline press them for like a dozen reps. Yeah. I saw him at the Olympia once. I just went up and said, hello. Yeah. And he's a big dude. He's a monster. He's a little bit more interesting. But the nine, he's got girl blows. Just definitely all tries it. The secondary strength is facing the chase. He's got a foster pad on there. Now he lives in Massachusetts. Does he? Yeah. He's looking what you're phone-telling out. Yeah. You know, because there's you two more on his arm? Yeah. How do you two more? It's a tries-up. It's a tries-up extension, too, man. He's here's it. He let me finish on a negative there. Right? Okay. And then he'll help me up. Just to get that negative. And that was now I'm just done. Nothing. Yeah. Yeah, Dave's still in great shape. Lucas. He said, remember him in a UK competition this year. He looked really good, although he lost to a local guy called Pitbull. Yeah, that guy was a monster. I saw that big that second. Yeah. I think he's doing the monolutee. I'm not positive. I'm pretty sure. I think I heard that, too. Yeah. That was it, man. That was some cool stuff. Yeah. That was the Bruce. We're giving us that. Yeah, that was the first time I hit ever seen you. Was on a Dave Henry video. But I have around the house here somewhere. And you guys were training at your gym there. You trained. And then you were also you showed, you know, the whole therapy side of things. Two and I was like, that's interesting. Because it's something completely different. You didn't see that in any of the other videos. Yeah. It was a we called it a holistic health club. Yeah. So this video, I can reference this was extreme measures or his other one. But I don't think we filmed anything at my gym. We went to the other place. It's just to mix it up. Yeah. We did a treatment there. But yeah, I had the gym on the other side. And that was like, you know, Dave and I hardcore training in there. And we had a bodybuilding meetup group. Like we'd have slag iron and sushi. Yeah. You did. With the video I had, you guys did train at your gym. Yeah. Okay. The other one. Okay. But yeah. So there's one side. There's massage and acupuncture. And we had a hypnotherapist. And people doing various cool things. Like, I'll turn it if there are a piece. That's kind of. Then we had the gym on the other side. So. And then you know, that was like, we could say that was a different era of bodybuilding. And to think that Dave Henry is still competing today. I know. You know, that's pretty incredible. That really is. Yeah. Totally man. He's still going after it. He's just doing what he loves. Yeah. So yeah. He's like a city's been like, Dave and I, Like, it's been like, it's just about the last year. He decided to kind of do his own thing. Yeah. I think the works together for like 16 or I don't know how many years it was. It was like, we first started, which started training together and shortly, He was just, I would just throw an idea back for. And then eventually it kind of evolved into, I was more coaching him. And then when I moved, then he would just, Then it was, you know, basically really coaching. We're doing on my website. Yeah. Unabretarction for it. I just helped him, you know. Yeah. But that was like a 16 year relationship. Something like that, which is, you got like the fill heath. And his coach, she got Flex Lewis and Neil Hill. Like there weren't too many other like Dexter Jackson had a couple different coaches over the time. But Dave and my coaching relationship was like, One of the longest ones just because of Dave's longevity in the history of professional bodybuilding. I think. And just because he was, he's been out of for so long, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's where I first started really learning about, That's the first time I saw somebody who was like a big name doing this. Yeah. And then I started doing the same doing DC training too. You know, that's where he started. You know, other than that, I saw it on the message boards. Yeah. He had Dave, Dave wasn't doing DC training. And I've been doing it before. That's why I was kind of leading up to that before we did the high volume thing. And I just got destroyed. Yeah. And, and I've like, I told him about it. He checked into it. Like this gives us a shot. And it's like, well, how do we do it? I'm like, I kind of showed him like what I thought to be the best version of DC training that I'd do. Yeah. But I'm like, you got a contact Dante. Go with the man, like, you guys write. This is your professional career. That's when he contacted Dante. I got came to know Dante. That and then of course, you intense muscle. And I can't remember which happened first to be honest. Yeah. And then Dave, I just got CCed on all of Dave's emails with Dante. So we did Dave Henry DC training. And I just went along for the ride. So I did whatever Dante had Dave do. That's cool. I got to see how we changed things. Dave was the guy. Like Dave was, I think Dave is probably, you know, probably, you know, we switched to then 42 training. Okay. You know. And but we did DC training for like eight years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we've under Dante initially the first couple years. And then we then Dante stopped training people. And then I was became the trainer. And then we were doing it with me. And then I did a lot of 42 training and Dave started doing that. But Dave was probably the probably the best known dusty, of course. Yeah. Of course. He's probably like the poster child of DC. Andrew makes a good one. Andrew says, keep in mind a lot of guys were doing DC or having Dante help them in some aspect. But due to Flex Magazine contracts, they had to say they did the ghost written work outs that they posted. They did that so true. There was a, they did an article in muscle mag on Dave. Okay. And they came out to my gym and did a photo shoot of Dave. And they sent me a thing like as a thank you for like, they sent me this big plaque. I'm not sure where it is now. And it had like the like the pictures basically was framed like one of those laminate plaques that had the article in there. Yeah. And then it had two sunfitnesses and wellness. And it had Dave's training program, which was just some bullshit. You're kidding me. It wasn't anywhere close. I mean, it wasn't like we just started doing DC training. He'd been doing it for like six years. Something like that. It was not anywhere near. And that's all there is. Yeah. I mean totally true. That's hilarious. Dante was helping. I think, but that was true. That was the part of the cover up that people didn't know who was doing DC training. Dante, I mean, he was also giving a lot of people supplements. Okay. That was answered by other companies because they just wanted to use Dante stuff or they just didn't like want to use the others because he knew where there's maybe being source from what had you. So Dante wasn't like, he wasn't making it known that he's supplying, you know, athlete, X, Y and Z with his supplements. He just helped him out. He did that for for day for years. That's crazy. I mean, yeah, I won't say anymore. Right. Yeah. You helped date out with with supplements for quite a while. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. So Dante was a tremendously giving. He's been he was so giving, you know, without asking for, you know, acknowledgement for many, many, many years. He helped so many people like under the fly under the radar. And he didn't, you know, people said, oh, he's bragging about all these people. He's talked to like, yeah. He was like, I'm not�ist. Yeah. He didn't make it known, but when he needs to substantiate something, he'll bring that up. People, well, you're just full of shit. It's like, how can we don't know about all these people you've talked to is because they don't talk about it until it makes sense to talk about it. Yeah. So that's the thing. Like, if I don't know if we're going to have time for the boron topic, Yeah. Maybe, do you want to hold off on it and do it another time? We can do that another time, yeah. But that question came in and we can do some maybe if we have time for just some quick ones that are popped up during the, the, well, if we did, we'd have to do it as a separate thing. That's a good moment. Yeah. Yeah. And we can do that together. Let's, let's, let's, on the next episode. Let's do boron and Q and A because you, we do have a bunch of good questions that people have asked you. But this did run a little bit. We should know in, you know what? We should know in man. I'm really glad we got to do this though, man. I'd been wanting to do this for, since you sent it to me. Yeah. You know, this is, this is special. Like I said, man, dude, I feel like, Furkin honored to be able to watch this. Yeah. Here, first of all, period. But second of all, with you. Like this is, this is like looking back in history with somebody who was part of it. So that's, Frick, and, and like, really, and it's not even really history. It was literally a decade ago. But like, a really cool period of time. And I think a lot of people will, will get a, a lot of, excuse me. A lot of people will get a lot of appreciation out of that. Yeah. You know what's interesting, too, is, you know, this was all before the days. I mean, the Facebook was around, I think. Yeah. But nowadays, everyone's filming everything. Yeah. Yeah. But no, no, and it was really right. And like, Dave and I were, even I were like, just banging it out. You know, we were, there was a period of time. Like when I was an active puncture school. Yeah. Dave was working on the military base. I was had to be in class at eight or nine o'clock at somewhere which, maybe it was nine o'clock. I think it was eight o'clock. We'd meet at the gym at six. I'm trained. Or five, thirty. Wait, six in the morning are you saying? Yeah. Five for the morning. Okay. So we trained like that, you know, for like, at least two years. Okay. You know, why was an active puncture school? And then there were times when Dave, because Dave was, they've changed a schedule. You know, he's have control over when he's there. So we just went, we just went, we just went after it for a year. And we never filmed shit. We never, no, no, no. You know, you still, you still don't, I've been with you. It's like, if I don't get the camera out and something, it's not going to happen. Yeah. Like, yeah, it's living in the moment, you know, and it's just kind of just fractional. But so it is kind of cool to have a little this. But what's not appreciated, I guess, is that we just, like, went after it for, yeah, I had up the, I had up the workouts, you know, 150 workouts, training three or four times a week, 150 to 200 workouts a year, you know, for like eight years. Yeah. It's a lot of workouts, over a thousand workouts, right? So yeah, and with that just, that's just a few of them. So, when it's after just like, there was once I was thinking about the field of the day, there was once we did, we did Smith squats. Okay. At that, that gold's gym where you are, and it was before actually they had remodeled it. It looks really nice. They put some stuff on the walls. And actually, guy named who I just talked to the day, Mike Masunis, I don't think it watched this. But he ended up working in with us. He was on that Smith machine. He's a buddy of days, but he might, and we did that, and we did a widow maker, and we got done. Went and sat on on the bench, you know, we would put our bags, and we, you know, we would sit on the bench before we train and fill out our log books and think what we're going to do. We sat on that bench for an hour. After the workout, we were so flat. We were so flat. We didn't see anything. It's like, it's kind of waiting, you know, you're waiting for you to kind of like, the energy to turn, it's like, okay, I think I can turn to get hungry, and then I get up and get dry at home and, yeah. Nothing, man. A hour, like literally, that time, one of us is like, I'm like, we gotta get up and get out of here. It's just like, no, man, it's just like, we used to do that all the time. We had a lot of those work out. So, yeah, that's the thing that goes missed with some of these videos. You don't realize, you know, it's also going on. That's cool. Well, thank you again, Scott, for taking the time. And once again, plug everything for this video, anybody who wants to go and check the actual videos out, where can they go find this stuff? M-O-C video.com, Bruce Lester is the man. I think he's got a self-mint store, now maybe even Jim, he's doing some other things, but this is why I can't tell you, say for sure, but God, I would love for him to do that again. You know, he's on the road and start doing those things, because, you know, it was even today, with social media the way it is, like those videos, those battle for the Lempia videos, which is so freaking cool. They were pretty special, because it, you know, battle for the Lempia, it brought everybody together in one video, which was nice. First is, you can still follow everybody. You just have to go to social media and do it through their each individual channel, but it was so awesome to be able to grab that DVD and throw it in there and know you're going to get to see all the top guys and all their gyms and see them all come together, too, you know? I think, and I wonder, too, if even some of the athletes have contracts that won't allow them to be part of something like that, or maybe they demand a lot of, because it was just, Mitch just came around, I remember like when Ronnie, the Rani, won the Lempia, he was like, they filmed him afterwards. Okay. There's no one's even think he's going to win. He was on the video, but they went to him after he won. Because he was like, oh shit, we didn't include this Rani Coleman guy and he won. Oh shit. Yeah, but I don't know, it might be tougher today to do all those film all those, but that would be cool, you know, because all the guys know each other just as well. Now is the end and they're communicating. Like, who adds podcast? Everyone's kind of hidden. The world has gotten smaller. So these guys, if you went around and did a video like that, and he goes and talks to Ian by air, or whoever it is, and he's talking about. There's less contracts now. There's less. So I feel like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, there's no more like magazine contracts, I don't think. Oh yeah, yeah. You know, it's like, I think everybody would be up for it. I really do. And people get the benefit of publicity. You know what I mean? Like, I think they'd be up for it. Somebody Bruce needs to step out there and who knows it would be so much work though. But it would be cool if we were to see it, you know. I mean, who knows, maybe there's someone who's ambitious enough of a photographer that you're always wants to like get hired on by Bruce to do it. There you go. That'd be a great end. Yeah. Yeah. He dedicated, like, just like, myths, there's like a month and a half of traveling around, you know, and waiting for the right days and getting up with the butt crack a dawn to go meet Flex Wheeler at Venice Golds, you know. Yeah. Got the train when no one would bother him and, you know, it was a huge outcoring. It may not have been worth it monetarily at that time, but I bet now I bet now that would you really well. I would love to see that happen. I buy that for sure. Hell yeah. Yeah. For another episode here of Muscle Mines with Scott Stevenson. Guys, you may not be coached by Scott, but you just about could be, if you get his book for real, it's an entire, it'll plan your entire year through figuring out what you want to do with your off season, all the way to the point that you step on stage. Check out B-Rome Bodybuilding Coach. That's B-Y-O-B-B coach.com. We mentioned Dante, you know, just to tie all the pieces together. If you didn't know, true nutrition is owned by Dante Trudel. Check out true nutrition.com. Use it or code think. They believe in what we're doing, and both Scott and I have believed in them long before this podcast even existed. Check out supplementsorst.ca for those of you in Canada and check out Strom Sports Nutrition for everybody all the way across the pond. They've got some good health supplements over there, definitely worthwhile. Of course appreciate all your Patreon, all the Patreon subscribers. You guys are awesome. It's Scott Stevenson. This is, oh, and we can't forget a M-O-C video. Go, Scott, I'm going to see you. I'll put a link below for that too. You guys can go back and check out all the awesome videos that they have there. Scott, man, this is Beyond A Pleasure. I have no words. This was last. Thanks for making this happen, brother. I'm glad I could.