Some of it is a little bit gruff. And let's just be real, right? I didn't feel like there was enough femininity in the division for me to just jump right into it. Back when I was making the decision to switch from figure, you know what I mean, into potentially bodybuilding. But that's why I waited. I was like, you know what? I'm not really interested in doing it because I really don't see where in our total journey. If I had to lose my femininity, if I didn't have to lose some of those, like extra girly qualities about me, to get our stage and compete, I wasn't gonna do it. What? What? Welcome to If Just Body Building 148. I'm Scott McNally. I'm here with Dusty Handsha, Ron's Not With Us, but we have IFB Pro Miss Olympia, Dreia Shaw. Dusty, what do we do? We like, share, subscribe, and... We comment, and we're hearing about all of that. Yes, all of that. And this episode of It's Just Body Building. When the temperature rises, the temperature drops down to<|ja|> the 60 degrees級. All right, so, the next episode is ready for just our� training session. Moving to nextinal Chapter 11. soon. So just you know, enjoying the last few cheat meals and getting down to business. Oh yeah. So last year you did a you did wings of strength before the Olympia. Are you going to do that again? Absolutely. Absolutely. I would be crazy not to right get a new car, get another 50k in a bank. Dude, do you still have? I mean, and again, it's a great show. Do you still have both of the cars you've already won from the past years or have you gotten rid of one of them yet? I had to get rid of one. So that's all the Camaro. I miss it, but I do. I'm enjoying the Corvette. I took it out today. Topped it up at just over 120. Having a good time. We don't have a beautiful thing. We don't even have streets in Detroit that we're allowed to drive 120, but you know, that's well, another story. That's the way to do it. Oh, yes, and it's only illegal if you get caught. That is the way of the law right there. Oh, that's awesome. How many weeks out are you then from the wings of strength? I am 19 weeks out now. And what's a typical prep for you as far as the length of time? Usually 12 weeks, I always add on an extra two. My coach prefers 12, but for my own pieces of mine, I like to do 14. But I have a guest posing coming up in Savannah, Georgia in September for our beloved Linda Mary. I'm her Savannah pro. So I'll be guest posing there. So I'm gonna get started here. Probably in at the end of July. So just before the Tampa pro, I'll be cracking into my prep. Only because, again, I've got the guest posing coming up anyway. So we put together a separate kind of diet. So it's like my pre-pripped, put together a separate diet and training program for that just so that, you know, and I actually like it that way because then I can kind of ease into prep a little bit. I'd have to hurry up and, you know, chop down the fish only and be miserable. What's a typical prep? I mean, this is, and I hate to use the words typical prep because we all know they're different, but are you, do you tend to need a ton of cardio or are you, I mean, how's it go for as far as food cardio that kind of thing? Now for the last two prepped, yeah, I've needed like a lot of cardio, um, an hour and hour a day usually gets it done. But this time we're, I mean, I held on to a lot of my size, um, and the, I mean, my coach knows that if I don't have to do an hour cardio, I really don't want to. So we're going to try to keep it at 30 minutes. And we're going to see if we can do just keep the intensity high, you know, the, the animal training is where it's said. It's just when I'm living the diet changes and I get, you know, chapped into like the fish. It's sometimes the energy isn't there to do, you know, like the hit. So sometimes it has to be steady state. So we're going to, we're going to do some trial runs with the cardio before right now. The plan is stick to 30 minutes, give it all you got for some hit training, um, preferably like a one to one and then call it a day, which I'm excited about that because like an hour man, whoo, it's a long time, long time, world, long time. Well, I want to do, you know, but yeah, um, like some other things that good. Oh, some other things that come along with like my typical prep, um, um, we start back and off of some of the weight, like once my ground beef gets cut back, um, we start decreasing some of the weight or something that load and we go into like just high volume, um, and then we add in a third leg day for me, um, isolation only, um, where it's just leg extensions, um, and leg curls of different varieties. So I mean, that usually gets my quiet, it's pretty, pretty good and, um, hamstrings is a focus disc prep. So this is definitely going to be, um, something that we decided that, you know, we could bring those hamstrings in just a little bit sharper. Um, so he wants me doing more dead lifts, um, he, and I'm not, I usually don't do dead lifts. So this is going to be something new that we kind of explore, um, in lots of easy to leg curls, standing leg curls and prone curls, um, isolate them, so that we can make sure to do that shine. Oh, yeah. That's, that's wild that, uh, two imagined three leg days a week for me is I can't walk with two. So how does three work? You move slow, man. It's just move slow. And you rely a lot on those BCAAs and body works. So like, when I get to that point and prep, um, I'm usually getting bodywork done like just about every leg day. So three times a week, because again, that recovery, it has to be air. I mean, can you imagine touching? But we're talking like the full gamut of like bodywork. So like my guy, he does cupping. He does scraping, um, he does, um, these, um, it's cupping scraping. He uses this light, it's infrared light that he uses. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then yeah, just traditional massage and then he starts stretching me. So it's a, it's a three hour long session every time I meet him. So he gets down and they're really good. Really good. And I'm not sleeping. I'm not sleeping on the table. No, no, no, it's not that kind of he's digging. He's digging, man. But you know what, every time he gets down with me, we can see um, much more clarity in the muscle. So that like that's going to be exciting to to see because my judges feedback on after that last Olympia was just, uh, no more size. Okay. Just focus on the details. So I actually feel a little bit like relieved that, you know, because with this detail work, I mean, that's the easy stuff. It's making sure you add the mass. It's, if that's what's needed that I felt like there was more pressure for me there. We put on like if I recall it was around like 10 pounds from last year compared to the year before, right? That's yeah. That's still, got me on treatment. That's a lot of muscle. You know what I mean? Because like comparatively, you were, what, 170-ish something like that? Um, I stepped, um, before we left for the Olympia in 2020, I, um, I left and, and weighed myself depleted at 169. So when I weighed myself for last year's Olympia, depleted, I was 170-ish. Yeah. So 10 pounds. Yeah. That's a lot. You know what I mean? That's like comparatively, I don't know what the math is, but for like say a 260-pound body builder, that's like jumping into 280. You know what I mean? That's like a, that's a huge amount of progress to make the whole year. I mean, more water was required. I kind of found that out during the prep. It was like, you know what? When you add that mass on, you know, I had to, I was up to like 2.5 gallons of water a day. Sometimes 3, just to, you know, stay hydrated and well, well, hydrated, you know, with the cardio and like that extra muscle. Because I, and I was eating a lot of ground beef. That was like, so that's where this year, you know, there won't be as much ground beef since I don't have to grow. But I was eating ground beef at like every meal, meal one, ground beef, meal two, ground beef, meal three, ground beef, I mean, I was beefing it up, man. And it's so, literally, literally. That's what, now, do you guys, how do you approach your offseason then? Are you, because you stay tight now, because you don't push the size, but did you get heavier in the past and you're offseason or how that work? Oh, yeah, I mean, I usually like balloon up right after the show. I mean, you know, it's not something that I like to, you know, voice openly, but usually after the show within about maybe a good 10 days, I skyrocket back up to 200. Easy. Okay. Easy, I'm eating. So, you know, even though I don't take days off from training, I'm still training. I'm not doing as much cardio, but, you know, that's where we figure, you know, what, maybe we'll kind of keep the diet a little rain down a little bit more this prep. So I'm actually doing a reverse. I've never done a reverse before up until now. We're trying to make sure that, you know, I didn't have that balloon up. So I actually got there, but then we brought it back down really quick. So I had some steak house goodies, lots of lamb chops and it looked okay. We got to switch gears. Yeah, then you got to chill out now. No more apple five, no more lamb chops. And so, yeah, so far it's been working pretty good. I've been holding pretty steady at about 180 to about 185. Nice. And so far, again, that's the plan. And I still get one serving of ground beef per day if I want it. I don't have to have it, but if I want it, I can have it. So as you can imagine, I have it when I have a craving for it, but other than that, just leaner forms of protein and it seems like again, it's working pretty good. Because like my last guest posing, I was pretty happy with shape and overall, you know, definition. You still work with John, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I want to kind of paint the picture for Dusty. What, you know, what to trade body building is like, you know, John Simmons is somebody we all know. He was a great body builder in his day. And do you ever get a chance to get down still to powerhouse and to trade? It is essential. It's essential. Every single prep, I have to go down there and train at least once every two weeks. And then the closer I get, the goal is once a week. Because the equipment down there, there's just, there's no substitute. I've been to so many gems. As far as like Saginaw, I mean, there's no place like Powerhouse and the sheer amount of history that is, you know, out of that place. So yeah, I mean, that there's just something about that place when you walk in. We got to bring you here, Dusty, man, when you walk in, you know, like this is, this is the place where if you really want to be great, you got nothing but opportunity here and they've got plenty of equipment to get it done. So yeah, and then, you know, there's Linda, Linda Solinda, Murray and John Simmons used to train together as training partners, not too long before she won her first Miss Olympia. And that's kind of been like a huge call in car for us here in Michigan. It's like, okay, we've got one gem and two Miss Olympias and you got lots of talents. I run love. I love the world. Yeah, Ron still there. Ron love his training people there. Like every day and he still tells me to this day that he's going to make his comeback. Like he's not done. You know what I mean? In his head, he's like still going to compete and that good that dude had so much muscle on him in his day. Oh, yeah. And that's where we too. We so run a little backstory on Ron. Ron got shot as a Detroit police officer and he was not able to work legs. He got, I believe he got shot in the back. He wasn't able to work legs the way he wanted to with your, you know, your compound movements. So, you know, no squatting, no dead lifting, but he found that doing the leg extension was something that he could use to still get ready for competing. And he said that's when he just somehow found out that that's when his quads shaped up the most. Like that's when he could see so much striation and definition in his quads. And John adopted that. Ben John said, you know what? I know one way we can definitely bring those quads there. Because when I first started bodybuilding that was an area that, you know, we needed to work on with me because I just got really thick dense muscle in those legs. And you know, the squatting as the size for me, but the leg extensions and I mean, this man had me doing leg extensions for one hour. Holy shit. Back and forth. One hour acetylacro and leg extensions were one hour straight. I know joke. I'm in worse. I'm like, you know what I learned from John that was such a valuable tool to me. I remember, and this is before I was training at powerhouse Detroit, this was over at Farmington Hills back when that was like the World Headquarters. And I remember I was dumbbell pressing like the 90s and I think I got 10 reps on it. And I was talking to John. I was getting ready to do my workout and I was like, yeah man, so I got the 90s for you know, 10 reps. So I'm going to do the 95s today. You know, this is a decade plus ago. And he was, he was like, hey, he's got listen man. He was like, why don't you take those 90s and learn to get them for 20 reps. He was like, you don't need to keep climbing in that way. You know, why don't you take those 90s and learn how to get them for 20? If you could do that, I guarantee you your muscle is going to get bigger. So his philosophy of training, I think is a little bit different than what I had known at that time. I just was thinking like you got to go however you got to go heavier. And of course, I learned to get those 90s for 20 reps and guess what, I then I got stronger in everything. You know what I mean? He's just, he's an intense guide. I would say John uses a good deal of volume in his training too, doesn't he? Yeah, yeah. And he's old school, right? I mean, that's the thing when I think about bodybuilder, you know, the old school of stuff works. It works. So I mean, some of this, some of this new age stuff where, you know, they got suspension training and you jumping off boxes and like, no, no. Just get down the business, just lift the weights with good form, slowly incrementally increase, but keep them reps high. I mean, keep the muscles working. That's what, that's how you bodybuild. You keep the muscles working. Not this is no time to chill. You keep working. What's your philosophy? What's your philosophy, then? With you and your clients, is it? I mean, how's your volume, for example, on a on a workout on a given day and what's rep range of speed, what's your workout look like? Slow and controlled. Slow and controlled is usually the way to go for me. And I'm a huge fan of drop sets, so it's John. Only because again, our, our goal is always to keep the muscles working. So even with heavier loads, it needs to be controlled. I don't care whether it's, you know, bench press, Smith, whatever. Like, I want to see you control in it, because then I know you're actually working and you're not using momentum. You're not, you know, rely on anything else to get you through it. But aside from that, like my rep range is, I try to make sure I keep the rep range as high. Even if, you know, the weight is, you know, moderate to moderate, heavy, I still like, like, John said, like, if you can get 20 reps, like, for those 90s, that's what we aim for. So again, I want as many reps as you can give me. Like, I want all the reps you can give me. Like, until you feel like you can't rep any more, I want two more pass that. Right. Yeah. That's, that's another one of our great female guests actually, Gina Davis said that back in the hurt. Her mentality is death minus one was a perfect set. I'm like, I can understand that. Death minus one. She says that's just wrong in my life. Legs, yeah, legs can definitely like be really, they can be pushed hard. I mean, we walk around on the legs all day. So this is where I try to tell my clients like, when it comes to legs, I'm absolutely going to push you because you walk on a mall day. So there's no, there, there's not going to be any change in them unless we like force them to change. And, you know, I got a whole lot of that philosophy too from John, I was doing these dumbbell squats. John loves dumbbell squats. So some people call him goblet squats, Clea squats, whatever. I use one dumbbell and a squat. You're right. And he's like, I get up from the set and I'm thinking I'm doing something. I'm like 50 reps. You know, doing something. I come on, coach give me some kudos. And he's like, how about 75? And I was like, whoo, damn I was happy back. But yeah, I mean, his goal is, yeah, I want you to give me everything empty the gas tank. And I carry that same philosophy, empty the guy like some of my clients, I say, yeah, we're going to do 50 reps to set. And they look at me like, what? Yeah, I'm not playing. Like we're getting ready to do 50 reps to set. Like you're not getting up until you give me 50. And yeah, more recently, now, I don't know if you guys are familiar with this training philosophy. However, I've been implementing it and I really, really like it. So let's say you set up on the leg rest. And it's a moderate heavy. I did eight plates each side. So you do one rep and then you rack it. Two reps and then you rack it. You give yourself no more than one minute rest. Three reps and then you rack it all the way up to 25. What? Those were that B 25 or 20, or 20 all added together. Yeah, that's that's man. I was so for about eight days. It's like wow. Okay. This is this is good news because yeah, John still doesn't want me squatting because we don't want my legs to get any bigger. And again, I have that, it can happen very easily. Like naturally, I've always been like it's just a thicker like my because my dad was big. Like if my dad was still alive, he would be the equivalent in my mind of like Ronnie Coleman. He was big. He was just big. He would eat jeans alive. He would eat shirts alive. Just big. Oh yeah. But that rep, those reps there. And you're having done the math. I just don't want to. Don't do that. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. Something you don't want to know. Yeah, yeah. And you know, normally like that, that onset of muscle-sortness, normally doesn't come on until like, you know, 48 hours later, I didn't even get good into bed that night. Like I got out of the bed to go to bed. I was like, ooh, I better go get drinks and more BCA. So like this one's one for the books. So yeah, I just started implementing that. And I can I can already see like this is going to be this is going to be good. Really good. So I would implore you to test it out. I want to do just a sound terrible. Yeah. Absolutely terrible. I love the idea. Oh, no. So I want to rewind you drastically now because obviously a lot of people know that you're you're winning Olympias, but what brought you into body with them? I mean, did you play other sports? I mean, how did you get here? Well, some people don't consider the sport, but I started in cheerleading and gymnastics. So that was just like my easy segue into bodybuilding. And it was like, you know, when I got done with the sport, what do I do now? Right? Because there is nobody structure in practice for me. There is no gains for me to go and cheer it. So then I had to like deal with, all right? If I'm like adding more weight on because I was in college by this point, what am I going to do to make sure I stay in good shape? And you know, people in the gym, I had been around the gym a while. My mom was like training people and she had like this group of people she was training, but then like as a teenager, I wasn't like, I would go, I would kick around a little bit, but I'm like, I still got you know, other stuff that I can do. I had all kinds of different things at school and activities, but yeah, once I got in the college and after the freshman 20, it wasn't even like the freshman 15. It was like, yeah, I was like, you girl need to lose some weight. Like this is not too. I didn't like it. Right? I like it. It was like, okay, I got to do some. And people around the gym were like, you know, how do you feel about doing marathon? So I'm like, now I just not last to be, you know, I got too much muscle and like running for me, like that's that's like torture. Like, no, I don't want to be running like that. Would these big o-coats? Right. They'd be, no, then it's like, okay, well, you could always compete or you could power lift and I'm like, okay, I'm over the equal thing because I like dipped into like you lift and really, really, really heavy in the beginning, like 18, 19, but I was like, no, I want to look good. I show me where I can get down and I look good and the Robert Kennedy, you got him going all of a school now. Robert Kennedy, I got to do magazine. Yeah. And I was like, and I emailed him. It was so cool. I mean, he was the most humble guy. So I just emailed him. I'm like, hey, you know what? I subscribe to your magazine. I love, you know, the content. How are you getting the girls in the content? And he's like, you know what, we're at the shows. He was like, you know, we look for, you know, good talent at the shows. And you know, if we like your look, we'll approach you and, you know, we'll see what kind of opportunities we can kind of make happen for you from there. And I'll never forget it. I knew then. I was like, all right, I got to do a show because that's the only thing is going to force me to get in my best shape because like, I knew me. If if if if if it's any other sport, I'm going to be eaten and I'm gonna eat whatever I want. But if I know I got to get into that suit, does this be it? I'm going to stick to the diet and I'm going to do it right. So that's how it kicked off for me. I just wanted to look good and feel good about, you know, what I saw, reflecting back in the mirror. And the rest is like history figure figure was like my jumping board right into it. I got ready for that show in one month and place like, yeah, one month crazy. And how did that have a transition go from from figure to bodybuilding was out years what would happen there? So figure now when I competed in figure, where you can 2008. So there was just figure fitness and bodybuilding and placing third at that show. So Scott, you can appreciate this. They had this show called the Michigan Natural Edge, the referee theater. Oh, the referee is, what a few months later. Yeah, I mean, it just got a lot of history. Really rugged old place, but good stage. And the second show for figure I came in fourth. So that was like, you know, it became clear that even like at my leanest because I was really starving. I was eating like egg whites for breakfast, egg whites for dinner, two ounces of tuna, one cup of lettuce, I was starving. And I was still, I still got on stage at 140 pounds. And my claws were just like, yeah, I was doing cardio three times a day, like four and hour, every single day up until showday. And I still got on stage at 140. So the first time I had to, you know, accept that, I needed to go somewhere else. It was rough mentally for me because I knew I gave my best effort to get ready for that second show because I did so well at the first show. So I'm like, you know, I got some potential here. And it was like, you know, dang, like that sucks. Like, yeah, I still didn't quite make it. But I mean, I play. So I play fourth. Right. So I still play. But like, I wanted to win. I want to do it. If I'm going through all of this, I want to do all of you. So I took a eight year break. I took a eight year break just to just to train. Yeah, I know. Like, and I tell people like that and like, y'all think I just got here, I took eight years off just to train and you know, live life like that. I got a job, right? Because this sport is not cheap, right? You got to pay the play. Yeah. So it was like, okay, if I'm going to get, you know, into, you know, more tanning and hotels and travel, I'm like, okay, I got to make sure I got a good job. So I finished school, got a good job. And then I approached John in 2017. Because by then, I had gotten my head straight. Like, John has always been around, like, I've been no one Johnson's. I started competing. But like, my head wasn't in the game enough. But I knew what I got that job. I was like, all right, John, I'm in a good spot now. And I think I got a good shot at going pro because, you know, continuing over those eight years, my body started to change. I'm bench pressing, barbell, dumbbell. Like, I started getting strong. Like, I could see, like, my body was just, you know, the shoulder started to round out. I'm like, all right, like, I, I grew a lot. And I'm like, this women's physique thing looks promising. Like, what, what, do you think I have a good shot at this? And he's like, yeah, I think you do, you know, let's just see what we can do for next year, which was 2018. And what do as many shows as we can do and see what happens. And that's what we did. He took me down Ohio. I did a show down there, came in second, came back to Michigan, did John show, came in first, did Linda show, came in first, then when we were right to North Americans. And I came in third. So that's when I needed to kind of, yeah, that's right. I saw you there. You were there. We were right in the stay cows, man. I ate the stay cows out of lamb's. The manager came over. He's like, you know, you like the lamb's I was like, yes, I do you have anymore. He's John's like, stop. I'm in, you're a brick. But yeah, I mean, I came in super, super conditioned at that show. To me, that was my best amateur look to date, like, because I was super shredded. It was a good look. But it was like, and Sanito, she's like, you're really dense, even for women's physique. But I still wasn't like making, it wasn't clickin' in my head. So I softened up a little bit, dialed back on the cardio sum. And then I, we added in more carbs that time. And that's when I got my pro-card at Nationals. I came in second. So the girl who beat me, she beat me by one point. But you know, I knew then. I'm like, all right, now I got a shot at the only few. But I'm thinking, women's physique. Yeah. So I'm like, all right, well, let's see where it goes. Let me jump right into the closest show. Because again, like, I had the job. But I still want to try to plan, like logistically, how do I make this feasible for me? So now I'm not going broke. So I'm broke. Okay. And I'm like, we could drive it to run on that's easy. Sweet. Let's go. I mean, I'm like, I haven't been in the counter this since I had been like 12. Oh my, let's go. I got the bad. Let's go. Let's just write. And yeah, John, John's like, all right, let's do it. And so I got on stage, making my pro debut in Wimbledon's physique at the Toronto Pro. And I mean, it was a blast. But I still, I had that feeling like, like, like, the, like, at the figure show. Like, I'm looking at these girls and I'm like, man, they're like, they're like, they're lead. Like, not, like, massive. Like, I got the biggest quasi-back here in this lineup. Right. And I knew. And I'm like, okay, something's, something's off. And I'm like, all right. Well, I got to get up here. I'm here now. But I got on stage as the mass master and women's physique. And, you know, as soon as I got out stage, Linda and Alina are like, come over here. Like, you know, you definitely should not be up here with these girls. And Margie Margie's like, does somebody love you enough to tell you you should have been up there? I think you're just a great guy. All right, Margie, I hear you. I got it, man. I got it. So then I did the Toronto to round after Toronto, I did the Chicago Pro. But that transition from an even one that is judges, two of the judges approached me like, you know what, your look is great. You just in the wrong place. And it made it easier for me to transition from women's physique into bodybuilding. Because I had already kind of went through all those emotions at the figure, you know, transition. Because it was like, you know, that disappointment at that point, I'm like, you know what? I'm here now. I'm pro. Like, look, where have I got to go? I don't care. I'm going to get sent. Let's be let's get it going. Let's get going. Like whatever the next show is, that's what I want to do. And Chicago Pro was about not even 30 days later. And I got just got I got right into it and it came in second to Alicia Young by one point. And that's what I knew I'm like, all right, we working with something. But the women's, the women's bodybuilding for the misalipia had not been announced to come back by then. So rising Phoenix that wings of strength show was the only, you know, aspiration at that time that I had, like, okay, if this is our, our Olympia is this show right here, then I'm going to give it my best and see if it's not going to win it. Now, what year was it that you did the pro show as the women's physique and then the bodybuilding right afterwards? What year was that? Uh, 2019. And what do you weigh in at when you're doing the women's physique? Back then, I was cracking like one, like between 1.6.170. Damn, you were a bodybuilder. Yeah, but the score was, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm a quad. Yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, 100 pound quad, Scott. Yeah, but they had, that's why, yeah, like, where are jeans? I don't even go there. I don't wear jeans at all. Like, no way. You kidding me, even the ones that stretch it like you should get the ones that stretch. Nope. I tear them up. I tear them up. Band. And I mean, that's just a little bit. Band. I like, let's, I bust them open. I destroy them. And coats. I destroy coats. I rip the seams open on both sides. The shoulders they just, they just, it's bad. It's bad. I'm trying, I'm trying to laugh and not be mad at you at the same time right now. Um, but you know, it's crazy. I've always been like, I said, I've always been on the bigger side. I mean, when I was in college, I remember, and I wasn't even like really serious about competing. I just want to hang out, drinking party. We went to this bar and this guy, I wore this caps leaf shirt and he's like, I see you, which are muscle shirt on and I'm like, I'm not even lifting, but then I'm like, okay, well, if they think I work out, my school will work out because, you know what? I mean, I've always just had that maybe it's from gymnastics, because you know, with the upper body, do so much with the flips and, you know, yeah, maybe that's kind of, you know, um, it played its role in addition to my genetics, it just be, just be big. Let me get something. And Dusty Hold on, you're in a really mad now. It really be mad now. I didn't even start training arms. I didn't even start training arms until my coach made me start training arms like at the end of 2020. Okay. I did not change arms at all. Oh, yeah, you're right. I'm going to my back lips and my chest lifts. We're heavy enough. I could just fly right in and compete. It was good. I'm pro without touching a bicep curl. Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media. If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software and the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at True Nutrition. True Nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now. I'm super grateful for them. And I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. You could use our code. Thank for health supplements and performance supplements. Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions. And if you're in Canada, check out SupplementSource.ca. They have free shipping over $99. Huge discounts on overstock, short dated, and label change products. Plus, they have all your normal supplements too. Thank you guys for listening to the commercial. I hope you're having a great day and that your body building is going well. Let's get back to the show. Yeah. I had a question. Tell me, man. I got a question. So you made the decision to get into body building. That was before it was announced that it was going to be at the Olympia. That's a big choice to make. I feel like at this point, women's body building is making a comeback now. I feel like you're a really good face for that. I think there's a lot of stuff we could talk about relating to that. But just making that decision, I feel like that had to be a difficult one to make. Feeling like, hey, this is the right division for me. Although at that moment, I feel like women's physique would have been the more popular place to be. Yeah. I mean, because John asked me, he's like, are you sure? And I just told him, yeah, yeah, I mean, I want to go where I'm going to go work with my body, not against it. Because again, he could only die at me down so hard. Muscle is very hard to catablaize. I mean, I always tell my clients or people that just convers with catablaizing muscle is a no-no. In this game, yes, catablaizing muscle is a no-no. I don't care what the look is. Like, if you're catablaizing muscle, you need to stop. You need to stop. It's just not good because again, your bones are connected to the muscle and your muscle mass. It needs to be there. Because again, you're going to get older. And you want to make sure that you protect your structure, right? You have a slip and fall, you know, you want to be able to get up and walk away. Right. So, yeah, I mean, that's where I'm like, you know what, wherever I was able to be celebrated and still compete and have a better opportunity at winning. I wanted to go there. I mean, my heart was in limits physique because I did like the extra femininity of it. But that was the thing that I didn't really I wasn't really drawn to women's bodybuilding for initially because again, some of it is a little bit gruff. And you know, let's just be real, right? I didn't feel like there was enough femininity in the division for me to just jump right into it back when I was making the decision to switch from figure, you know what I mean, into potentially bodybuilding. But that's why I waited. I was like, you know what? I'm not, I'm not really interested in doing it because I really don't see where and I told you, and if I had to lose my femininity, if I have to lose some of those like extra girly qualities about me to get our stage and compete, I wasn't going to do it. And so it was almost like, I mean, but I loved Linda's error. I loved Linda Popas look, but there was just, again, there wasn't enough of a draw for me to really like say, yeah, I'm going to do women's bodybuilding back when I was doing figure. It just wasn't there for me. But again, I appreciated Linda's look. I absolutely love Linda's look because her femininity, and she's taller than me too, right? So I were already like, I'm shorter than her. I had a different structure. So this is where I was kind of apprehensive. Like, you know what? Like, and I put on muscle easy. I'm like, I don't want to be super super massive. I'm still the heaviest misses Olympia. I think to date they said they's like, you're the biggest miss Olympia we've ever had. No kidding. And I'm like, oh wow. I'm not shocked by I have let it like, okay. You know what? So I am because this is what's wild. As you were talking, I have a lot of clients that are classic shaped guys, but they love bodybuilding. And they're like, I didn't do classical. I'm like, no, you don't. Take that classic physique and get it bigger and be a body bit of like, what do you think saidric was? Yeah. He was a monster. That's a classic body. But I feel like that's you brought that into women's body. And it's like, and I'm going to be a little blunter than people would like, but it's like, why not bring the femininity back to the sport and be a muscular woman and say, oh, you can do both. You don't have to sacrifice because even for me, and I've loved all love was about it in my whole life. Like it blows my mind because your physique flows so well and it is a pretty package that when you're like, I was the heaviest. I'm like, oh, yeah, I wouldn't even cross my mind that you have the heaviest, even though you have masks, it just because it flows so well. It's pretty like, what's pretty. It can't be huge. What is? It's kind of like, uh, right, exactly. I remember in art school learning about sculpture and one of the things that a good sculpture would have is it could be made out of stone or it could be made out of bronze or whatever, but they would have the ability. Like a good artist could make it still look like light like a flower. You know what I mean? Like whatever it was, it didn't have to look like it weighed, you know, 500 pounds or whatever. You know, it's still, and that's that's I agree. And I think part of it too, like see, and I know both of us have seen you in person, you know, when I see you or, yeah, I don't think of like, oh my god, that lady's huge, you know, I mean, like just the way you're put together, it just it really works for you. I feel like you were, were you? Were you your leanest at this past Olympia? Because if I recall, like I remember seeing you know, I was like holy shit, she looked shredded this year, you looked so lean. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we filled out. I mean, it was, I surprised myself. I still, I still kind of look back and I'm looking and I'm like, wow, because we always do these side by side. But yeah, I was tighter and I was leaner. And again, much more definition, especially my legs, especially my legs. And yeah, I mean, we could see where that added mass came into play. Like it was like, I called John the Scientist, man. It's like he knows what he's doing and it's on another level. But you know, having, having this position to really bring back that femininity, I think that makes me like, so happy. It makes me so happy that again. And I'm telling these girls, it's not that you don't have to, I mean, okay, maybe girly mannerisms isn't your thing, but like you can build your way into it. Like, where you can practice your way into it. There's a way that is elegant for you. Think of this like elegance. This is a beauty pageant with muscles. Yeah, right. That's it. It's a beauty pageant with muscles. I love that you're in the position you're in because this is a, this is a common, I just had this conversation in Dallas with the girl last weekend. She wanted to hire me. She had already, I don't know where she was before, but she had already crossed the line in my opinion in starting to, you know, with the effects of antibiotics. And I said, here's the problem. This is not personal, but I can't work with you because I can't have someone peg and say, dusty did that where a female became more and more masculine because my bread and butter are women who want to just get in good shape. Like, I don't want them to start thinking, oh, if I were with dusty, I get really really big and I start to look more masculine and I don't want to do that. You know, and that's a tricky thing. So I think to see a granted, you have obviously great muscle genetics, but you can show women, you can have a lot of muscle mass and still be feminine, still not lose the look, but also carry yourself with grace to guess is what I would say. Exactly. It's a good, it's a good thing. Unless sometimes it's more like, you know, I mean, when we talk about antibiotics, right, you don't need to be running all this hard stuff, right? And you don't need to be running stuff all year round. Like, okay, there needs to be some conversation about, okay, you need to come off everything for a set amount of time, clean up, get your blood worked down. So this is, again, this is where I think there just needs to be more open conversation with with the ladies. So this is where I try to open up, you know, my DMs to these ladies and I'm like, listen, if you've got questions, ask, if you aren't sure about something, ask, I mean, if I don't know, I mean, I'm surrounded by people who have been in the bodybuilding game for two decades, or more, right? Like, this, this is something that we can, we can help you navigate, but if there's, if you start noticing things about your body that are changing, that you know something's wrong or again, if you, if you've done some research on some of these things that maybe you're coach wants you to do, and you're not sure, you need to start talking. And again, this is where I didn't have that when I came through, right? I mean, I knew of Linda, but, you know, she moved out of Michigan by the time I started coming through, you know, with competing. And it's just a matter of some of these ladies need to ask more questions and have a safe place to go and talk about some of this stuff. So I'm hoping to be that for them. Because again, I had a lot of questions too. It was like, okay, what about this? What's this, versus this? Because I was totally ignorant. Totally ignorant. I was like, oh no, you know, don't take steroids. But it's like, there's so many different ones, you need to know, take one, for what? What is the goal? What are you trying to accomplish, right? Okay. And yes, there can be a very safe way to do that if you are open on us with your coach. And if you do enough research and stay on top of your blood work, that is, it's very simple. It's very simple. Like, and you know, that's where I get, I keep kind of pissed off where some of these people start saying, oh, well, so many bodybuilders have died because they're on antibiotics. That's not true. You want, you aren't the corner, like, you don't know. You don't have no idea. More often than not, there's something else at play that went sideways, whether it's a pre-existing condition, whether it's, yeah, they may have been too dry. Okay. There's so many different things. Maybe they didn't have enough water, right? And there's some things that, again, like, when you add more mass, I found that out last year. I needed to increase more water, right? So there's some, it could have been something small. We don't know. So for you to speculate, you just sound like an idiot, shut your mouth, imagine your own business. But I couldn't do that. But again, there's a way to be in this sport. If you decide to go the antibiotic route, then yes, there's, again, a lot of research to be done on your part. There's nobody should ever just jump into it and say, oh, yeah, I'm going to take it. Oh, I do see this. I know what's what, and ask questions. And again, I think somebody's people, they get so quick to want to develop the gains, right? But hey, what about when I took those eight years off? Yeah. You got to develop what you work in with naturally first sometimes, right? Let's see where you can push this body naturally before you start adding in antibiotics. If you got a good worth that ethic and a good training regiment naturally, then yes, antibiotics are going to help you achieve some things a lot faster. But you still need to have that mindset. You need to do the work. Because I mean, some of these young kids, they, I mean, the one guy approached me back in, oh, gosh, 2018, how is it that you're natural? And then you still look like this. How do you stay so hard? I'm like, I don't know what to tell you. I train, like, and I train hard. And I train a certain type of way. And he's like, well, I'm one all in stuff. And I, and I'm growing boobs. And I'm like, okay, what's up? There's a round with your training. So what's up? Like, okay, I'm like, I can help you. Like, I volunteered my assistance to help him. I said, pick a body part. Whatever body part you want. I'm not trying to throw off your program and I ask you for any money. You genuinely are approaching me because you want some help. Pick your body part. I would train you through a good workout and give you some point in his own way. I think you can do to help bring up that area. No kidding. I don't want to, I don't want to leave my toys. You know, I'm a crew hanging. And I'm like, okay, so let me get this clear. You take an artist gear. You spend all this money. And you hang out with this crew and you ain't getting no results. Why are you here? You have a chance to do that. The way you waste your time. You straight pissed off, like, yeah. You know, I would love to see though, from you, too, that I don't think that people realize how hard you train. Yeah. You know, and no, you're wrong. I understand there are genetics are number one, but you got to do some of those genetics. And I feel like that's an area where men, women, anyone who's on something. I mean, when I do a Q&A, if I were to open this up, we're going to do one in the next show. Most of the questions are drugs. And it's funny because I've been in the game long enough that like, you know, I couldn't, I couldn't give you much detail on it, because I don't care. I'm not interested. And it doesn't matter that much. I'm like, okay, if you're a guy, I'm like, okay, these are healthier options. You know, for sure, turn blast, these are longer ones. Other than that, if you ain't training right, it doesn't matter. I would love for people to see what a workout looks like with you, because I don't think most people realize that they don't train. They go to the gym, they work out. But training is another thing, you know, and when you're looking for pain like you were describing earlier, it's like, I found a new way to torture myself. I'm so excited. I don't think most people do that, but I would like them to see because that's the other reason that you're able to maintain as because you didn't look for the secret to bodybuilding in a syringe. Exactly. Exactly, or you know what I mean? And I thankful for those eight years because it helped me to really develop a certain mindset of being okay with being sore, and being okay with being uncomfortable. And then being okay with going back to training again when it's time to train that muscle group. And I'm still sore. I don't care. I'm going to train. It's time to train legs. Yes, my legs are still sore from the last time, but guess what? I got this go. I don't care. So, you know what? Like my workout partner. He asked me, uh, as well as I said, I did just yesterday. And he looks at me now. These are Marines that I'm dealing with, right? John is Marine. And my workout partner is Marine. And he's like, okay, it builds good character. And he turns around and walks up. Like, okay, what you're going to do? You just go stand up or sit down. Yeah. All right. All right. I look. I'm not soft. We bought to get down on it. I'm going to give you what I got. Yeah. Right. I love it. And that's it. You're going to be so having that. I think it's more mindset. It's totally mindset. And that's where I went. Yeah. When I tell somebody, yeah, we're going to do 50 reps. I'm watching them. Okay. What you're going to do? You're going to stand up. You're going to sit down. Don't waste my time. Because I fire clients. I do not go waste my time. Like, if you're going to be committed, I need to know that you value this time. Because I can go make money. The money is not the issue here. Are you going to be committed to like, okay, and if it's if it's a competitor, let's be clear. Like if it's a competitor, like, because competing comes with the whole different mindset. Right. We're not going to be wasted my time as a competitor, asking me, you know, can am I? Are you only going to make me eat chicken and broccoli? Maybe. Why do you care? Do you want to get on stage or not? And when? And be your best. Yeah. Like, and if you're asking me for cheap meals already and you just get started, it's time for you to walk. I'm not going there. I'm not going to be frustrated by it. So I would rather see you find somebody else. Yeah. Yeah. I would like to do that. I would like to work with you and, uh, and hector and uh, and or maybe go like and do a do a workout. That'd be awesome. That'd be awesome. I'm not going to do it. No, I'm going to job on one of your videos. I said, I said, I said to him. I was like, have to. When you mess with me, I just strange I want to leave. We just, we just, we just, we just, we just, we just, we just, we just, we just, we just, we just, after I went to a Nashville Scott, we did some videos. And I told Hector, I said, I want people them to feel the work at. Yeah. When they watch the video, it's the only thing I ask. And he's like, I got you. So that video came out and Dre, I've message me, she goes, who shot that video? That I'm like, mission accomplished. That's cool. Yes, mission accomplished. That's cool. Man, man. I need one of those. I Hector's like, look, I'm going to get you on as soon as I can. As soon as I can get you and I'm like, I'm ready. I'm ready. I want one of those. I made you bring you back to the gym. I'm looking at you and I'm like, yes, and let's go work out right now. All right. I propose now to all of our audience watching guys, if you want to see Dusty come out to Detroit, train with Dre a comment below. You know, Jim will make that happen to you. Okay, we take you straight to powerhouse, man. Straight to powerhouse. That's the only place I'm going to take you right to the real deal, or you can get down. I bet at that gym for over four years now, and I still haven't gotten on every piece of equipment in the gym. Ha. There's some handles there. I think some mirror binu used. Like, there's some old handles, you know, over in the over in like the cable bin. I'm pretty sure, like, I've grabbed some of those handles Dusty and I hook it up to do a lap and pull down. And I'm just thinking to myself, I have a real good feeling. Just by looking at this thing, I have a real good feeling some mirror used to this thing back when he trained here. There's so much history in that gym. And I go through Dre. You walk in that place. It just, there's a, like a level of seriousness that comes over you. You walk down the hallway. There's pictures of every pro down the sides and everybody that the dab is should have ever met, you know, from Ronnie to the old school guys to the new school guys. And then it just opens up into that big gym. And if it's summertime, it's going to be hot as hell in that place. It's hot. Pump the hot. It's grunge. It's grungey. It's dirty. I mean, dirty in a, in a good way. Yeah. Yeah. You go in a near to take care of business. This is not the health club. Like, you're ready to stand up or sit down up in here. Like, seriously, like, people, you know, you got guys that have just got out to joint working out in nearest. So like, they, you know, it's a different mentality. Like, okay, you better be ready. I'm better ready. Yeah. Get down. I love that though. That's, you know, I used to change the, it quads in Chicago. Yeah. And I had been there for about two months. And I had somebody who was, he's, he's on line. He goes, I love that gym. You ever try that, that piece of equipment, he pointed out he's like, it's down stairs. That's actually never been downstairs yet. And there's just so much. I've been there for a few months. I hadn't even been in, I, I walk in. I walk straight up the first flight of stairs. Yeah. I train there for two months and never went down the stairs. I was like, I guess I'll check out the downstairs tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. Same thing. I was like, I'm fucking, in the funniest part was, I, I walked in that gym the first day. And, you know, I know what everyone knows quads. So I walked in. I was like, I need a day pass. And I'm talking to the guy. And I, you know, he's just asking me about, you know, training in this and that. He was, all right, you all said, and I was like, oh, I didn't pay. He's like, oh, you don't have to pay. I'm like, what? He's like, I said, no, it's business. It's all good. Like whatever he's like, no, because I want to see you train for a day. He's like, he's like, then we'll decide if you say it in the future. I'm like, I like this guy. He was great. He didn't know probably give it to me. Right? I think he had a mic. There we go. Yeah. That's cool. Man, we, we could call, hey, we got to get you out of comment. We got to rent a house. I have a feeling that one's as handled right there. Let me see. I want to make sure I grabbed a few. Oh, okay. This is one important one. I actually asked some friends that are that are into bodybuilding some questions as well. How do you think now that you're on your platform you are between just being you mute and all those things? How do you think or have you put thought into how to change the perception of female bodybuilding and more or less women with muscle? Like, is there a way you're trying to get that out besides just being you? Well, I'm trying to encourage more more ladies and I'm, I've decided to open up my posing to online ladies. But strictly women's physique and bodybuilding. Like, you know, I love figure out love all the other divisions too. But again, maybe this is my contribution on a different level where I can kind of give them more pointers on how to be more graceful and how to have better smoother transitions, right? And bring those feminine qualities to the forefront. Because there's nothing like somebody being able to teach you maybe how to go to that elegant place, right? So this is where I'm trying to be more boots on the ground. So to speak and help in that effort. But yeah, I mean, other than that, it's just a matter of having more conversation, having more conversation about, okay, you know, maybe instead of doing this, right, or maybe instead of having this look, right? So I'm, I mean, I've been telling girls, maybe go with longer hair. But your stage presence is everything, right? How you conduct yourself in the gym out of the gym? These maybe these are practices that if you're going to be elegant on stage, you need to be practicing in your private life too, right? Like, okay, and the more you practice in private, right? The easier it is when you do when it comes to being on stage. So yeah, just open it up more for more dialogue. I mean, that's the big thing. And maybe encouraging some of these ladies. I'm not against anybody's coaching, but if you got a male coach and you aren't feeling like, like, not just a coach, but a male posing coach. Because some male coaches like to do the posing and the training and all the things. That's cool, right? But if you feel like you're still not bringing a much more feminine charisma to the stage, maybe it may be worth looking at working with somebody else for posing, right? Because again, posing is, I think that's one reason why posing on stage for me is the way it is. I'm that way in my private life too, right? So I like getting dressed up. I like putting on heels and dresses. Yeah, but again, not every person is like that. So maybe again, having these conversations about, all right, let's hook you up with a good posing coach who's a woman who can start to teach you about certain things to do to make yourself look more feminine on stage. Because again, I think that, yes, I mean, somebody's gear protocol or their workout protocol can be one thing. Because yeah, there's a fine line. They can't go too far. Maybe, you know, and maybe we can't teach femininity to that look and it's still look better or prettier on stage. Right? But again, it's just doing what we can. I'm all about just doing what we can. So I want to try to reach it. Is many girls as possible? And I've been actively reaching out to certain women and women's physique. I have one that I reached out to just last week. And I'm watching, I'm like, this girl is dense. She's a, I'm not totally. If you're not placed in high on women's physique and it's just my personal opinion, I think you need to do bodybuilding. So what I'm just Olympia. So what if you, if you make it to the Olympic, we're going to be on the same stage. You still have a certain quality that I see as being something that would be great to add more value to our division. I'm going to tell you about it. I'm not insecure. You know, everybody should just be doing their best to get on stage, right? But again, I'm not insecure woman. If I see something in a woman and I'm like, you, you would be a great bodybuilder. He just in the wrong place. So if you're not winning, you need to think about what I'm telling you right now. So again, I have a more active approach when it comes to that part. Yeah, let's just talk. Let's talk. I like that because I think when I look at, it's the same as bodybuilders. Like when I meet someone that's not in the sport, they're very first impression. Because you know, you forget, I'm sure you forget what you look like because you're just you. You just walk around and your friends know you and they don't think anything of it. So when you meet someone or you walk into a restaurant or something, you see people's eyes like, oh shit, you know. But I've had people say after they talked to them for a bit, they forget you're a bodybuilder. Because you've, you've taken that away, you're just whatever you are. And I think that that's on the feminine side of what you're doing really well. Because obviously, I mean, when we first bet the Arnold, I knew who you were all those things. But within about, I don't know, a minute, I literally forgot you were a bodybuilder because you're just a woman. You just have an energy that's confident, but not like, I don't feel like you're, you know, pulling a lot spread while you're standing there either. You know what I'm saying? And I think that's the good. I'm not a woman. I'm a muscular just to show you that. There are women in men, but I think it's harder for women if you're walking around all opened up. It's like, that's already a strike in the femininity side, even if you're beautiful. It's like, you know, it's kind of the same as a guy. See, you know, I'll tell you like that, bro. Yeah. We ain't got to do that. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, yeah, embrace your muscle, but don't leave your feminine in and be high. You know what? I mean, embrace your muscle, but don't leave your feminine in and be high. But you're not, you know, obligated to just showcase the muscle. You still are women. Right. I love that. I love that. I think if that happens in the sport, it'll make a strong comeback because I feel like personally, that's getting lost in women's physique now, too. I'm watching that drift further and further and I'm like, no, no, no, what's happening? Where's it going? Like, I love it when it's started. And it's watching it slip, you know what I mean? Yeah. And that's where again, my, my target market, so to speak, is women's physique and women's bodybuilding. Again, we have some really good talent out there, but I think they just need a few more peace and cues to really, you know, help them to make that, that transition into expressing the femininity on stage. Yeah, agree. 100%. I love the year that you're doing that. And we could probably go for like five hours as at this rate, I haven't even touched like nine of my questions. So I don't want to steal too much of your time, but if we can, how can people reach out, contact you for those things? And then of course, anyone you want to mention before we give you your time back and bring you back with Ron here shortly. Yes, I buddy Ron, who who ditched me. I think too. That's what I think too. But yeah, I mean, I want to say, I'm a huge thank you to my coaches, Sid Gillen, John Simmons for, I mean, sticking by my side 100%, you know, obviously once I start print, I just spend a lot of time with them. I mean, you know, I see John on a daily basis and I see Sid me sometimes on a three times a week basis. So, you know, he was thank you to them, because I mean, without them, you know, I know for sure that, you know, I wouldn't have been able to accomplish so much in a short amount of time. As I'm super thankful. Huge shout out to Mutant Nation. I really love my mutant. Yes, I absolutely love it. I mean, being with Mutant, and it's only been six months now. I mean, I'm sold. I mean, every the whole culture with Mutant is not just supplements, right? This is, this is like, this is, I love Jim. Like Jim, has a certain quality about him that I mean, I'm just, I'm drawn to. So, I mean, huge shout out to Mutant Nation. And Scott, hey, homegrown, love me. I mean, I can't thank you enough for bringing me on again. This is just I always love to get bring, when Scott, when I heard Scott was coming on like, all right, love me. There is complete. I'm so glad to, I'm so glad we can share this. To a wings of strength. Yeah, I got to give a shout out to wings of strength, because again, without them bringing back the misalmpia, I wouldn't have a platform to be on. So, huge thank you to them. And I'm super excited to continue to represent our ladies and encourage them to, you know, let's bring this up to another level of entertainment for the fans and, you know, getting more people, like, so I don't want to say reverence, but for lack of a better word, the sport again, to really bring back the awe and the wonder and the majesty of it all, because again, it's beautiful. Bodybuilding is beautiful. I don't care what division it is, but it just so happens that, you know, women's bodybuilding is going to be something that, you know, I think the company and I will continue to focus on making it much more mainstream again, like it used to be. So, yeah. And they can reach me on Instagram. My Instagram handle is Ms. Pretty Muscle. That was so deliberate, right? Ms. Pretty Muscle, Ms. Andy. And or my website. So, my website is Ms. OlympiaAndreaShaw.com. Awesome. Well, thanks again so much for joining us and we're definitely going to have to take you up on that offer. Maybe at the beginning of your prep before it gets too rough or right before. So, we can get you on because I still have eight questions of my own and Ron was even here that we haven't touched. So, and I had like three or four myself. Okay. Let's do it. I'm ready. I'm ready. Awesome. And you know, if you're going to be at Tampa Pro, Dusty, we could get in a workout there. I'm just saying this. That's the only one I'm not going to have because I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm moving and then right after that, go on to the Dominican Republic for some fun. So, let's see what you're on. Not going to. Okay. Okay. I'll figure out something. We're going to build. There's a waste got. We're going to figure out. I say we bring him here. He's got a sea power house. It's like it's an event of its own. Yeah. Good enough. All right. So, next time, everyone. Beyond, guys. Yes. Thank you so much and remember everyone's got what are the, what are Ron's numbers? It's just bodybuilding.