Who's gonna win the 2023 Mr. Olympia? Me. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Barry, myself, Scott McNally, and we are joined by the one and only Nick Walker. What's up brother? How you doing? What's up guys? Thanks for joining us. All of our programming is brought to you by Trunetrition.com. Use our code Think for additional savings. We're brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for our Canadians. And of course, we're brought to you by you guys. Everybody at Patreon, thank you for your support. I'm excited to get this thing going. Andrew, where do we want to start man? Well, I think, you know, we had a question in a previous episode about, you know, what to do in a post-show phase in terms of diet training, et cetera. And Nick is in that phase right now. And I would just love to hear what he's up to right now. And let it go from there. Yeah. So after the show, I actually, if you guys know who Jared Feathers is, you know what I mean? I mean, I got a collab on it. He's going to do my training now. He's trying something new. As far as doing the push-through legs with really structured my training and keeping track of progress, which is what we have never done. Just to see how my body reacts. As far as nutrition goes, whatever the show, and that's having a diet, which is, I don't want to say macro gaze, but it was just like, Mills, one, two, three, 15 grams of fat, two hundred grams of, you know, rice, and two hundred and twenty-five grams of more protein. And then four, five and six, so it's kind of something else. There's, there's reason I'm for doing that, we're trying to, uh, de-structure me a little bit, and let me kind of chill. Knowing how I am, I'm always structured, so I think I need to work out. Um, so if I actually set the structured diet today, I'm going to want my food, so I'm going to be pretty happy about that. But it doesn't mean I didn't allow a lot of pretty good amount of treatment. Oh, those courses since got out. I would make sure I was in the diet that I was somewhat doing, but allow me to really, you know, go part on the sheet days, that I did not really put on any weight. Because that's what this morning, I was 256, and I thought, I was 288, and nobody thought that was 50. So, man, you looked like you were like two 80 on stage too, which is crazy. I mean, it's not to say that you were a light, but to say that, you can look that big at 246, which is pretty amazing. But, um, what I want to know is, you know, following that show, do you give yourself like two weeks of relaxed training, or do you just get right back to the gym on Monday, and it's punching the clock, business is usual? Do you, do you, do you load a little bit? Uh, new form, new to the gym. No, no, no. I don't want to, you know, this, this, this, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was kind of got back into the new thing. That means, that makes sense. And so you probably only had like three or four free meals, and then it's right back to your structured diet, just because it's like, this is your profession. This is what you do. Yeah, I mean, I, uh, you know, just a little more, you know, now that, I'm going to very, you know, this is serious relationship, I wanted to make sure we had some downtime, the kind of the laks outside of my own training. So, you know, we brought the game, we were just brought to breakfast. We want to a lot of, well, breakfast buffet. So now you can eat it. It's always the best post-contest. I love the breakfast buffet after a show. It's like something you just, all these different food options that you didn't even think of previously. Oh, my God, the best. I would, I would do those before ladies. And, you know, sometimes I would eat a little too much. So, you've got to see from the top. Yeah. Okay, so let's talk a little bit about the Arnold. If you want to, if you don't mind, a lot of people online and I'm sure you saw some of these comments, like, oh, you look like you have more of us. Well, so like people thought that maybe your Olympia looked from last year would have trumped everybody on that stage. Do you agree with that statement? Oh, did you, did you, well, hold on. Did you do things differently going into this prep? What is this? You had a much more streamlined midsection. And I do want to go into that, like, what you did to keep your mind, I know you've been working on it for years because watching you as an amateur coming up the ranks, I feel like your midsection got smaller and smaller. But maybe talk about that for a minute. So, do I think, well, let me look, well, try it. It's hard to predict, you know, it's not obviously what I've got. You know, I actually do Olympia. You know, when they met, decided to do the on-look, the goal was to come in more field. You know, every time we do a show, we're pretty peeled. And we did peel off the Olympia, and we weren't adds peeled as you know, we are. Yeah, it was full as a house. But there was still work that couldn't be done. You know, so going into the Arnold, we wanted to be peeled. So, as far as, you know, keeping the waist down, you know what we did, it was, we was dying harder. Really. So, it's not going to really drastically be a different way except just dying harder. Because I know that's something you had talked about even years ago. I remember you say something about, like not doing certain back movements, because, yeah, I don't do anything really bent over. Yeah, yeah. So, you've been thinking about this for a long time, really, is what it comes down to. I don't do what's in the wide eye, I love one of the other roles. Yeah. I can try to put the best leg in. I can do it like I do. Like it goes in, not every week, maybe like, I'm trying to try to month just because I do enjoyed doing that. But I just feel anything bent over, because, you know, the waist is thinking a little bit depending. Sure. So, I just think those out from the waist. Yeah, yep, it's a great. You have to be nice. You have to be nice. Yeah, I mean, I just thought, really squatting anything that I thought that would hinder, thickening the waist. I just still got it. So, are you given more credit to the change in the training by dropping those exercises or to the diet itself and just giving leaner and running in the waist? I think both. You know, because I haven't really, except last year, I never really have a long, long season. So, I, I'm sort of believe that the longer you're kind of in a threat, the better your shape will eventually become because you're not eating a lot of cardier food. So, you're not really feeling bloated or anything for a long period of time. So, I think the longer you're in a threat, eventually, you know, the waist shape, sharing his own ears, your eating foods that properly digest, you know? Yeah, yeah, I'm going to make sense to me. Are there any particular things you do with like a gut protocol, supplement wise, back in training, any of that kind of stuff that goes along with the changes in your training over the years? I just think a lot of, you know, the digestion products. But I just think, really just comes down to making sure you're eating the foods that digest the best. And I've learned over time, you know, I've calculated what problems you've like, and digest the best in a large quantity, what, you know, carbs I can digest the best in a large quantity, and even fats, you know, I'm a big believer in fats, I think fats are good. You know, so I've learned pretty much after every meal, just kind of sit at the chill and see how I felt, how my stomach felt, if I was a frog in the house, I'd probably try it, and I'd tell a judge to it. Now with that, not no gift in the feedback, and that's what we would do. Okay, then. Awesome. So, you know, so, go ahead. I think we have a leg. Oh, take it, man. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm going to say so, you know, based off the Arnold and who you won against, who won the Arnold, who's going to be on the Olympia stage. What do you nick Walker need to do to win the Mr. Olympian 2023? You've read my mind. So, my goal is to pretty much have the same condition with not more than I had at the Arnold, but just be as full as I was at the Olympia. And if I can combine those two, I don't see why I could lose. Is this something you have already talked about in terms of strategy? What does work with carbine up? What does work with dry now? Yeah, you know. You know, the peaking. So, the peaking process, we pretty much have down, you know, how we, we pretty much know what my body is going to do at this point. As far as the whole peaking process goes right now, you know, doing this all season. The goal, may go with the burnout more or the other sheep. So, we're getting, you know, certain different movements to really focus on that. Or my pie car days and the G days, you'd say, or based around my late day training. This goes with those cheat days real quick. You opened up the door there, so I'm going to, I'm going to go through. And I want to try to make the connection or the comparison relationship, I guess, is a better way to explain it. Between the cheat meals and the control or, or midsection, bringing your midsection down. What are those, what are those cheat meals look like as far as volume of food, type of food, and frequency, the closer you get to a show. So, honestly, you know, going into the Arnold, there really was no cheat meals. No pretty much just really really high carb days. You know, as far as now the cheat meals, basically, you know, I could have a breakfast if I want. Or I could have a dinner or like a burger and try with some dessert. And for me, burgers and fries, that is the best. Or I could really jump away, you know, your plate's pretty, you know, not too cheap, but it's still cheap. And some of you can eat every day. So, that's pretty much how we have a structure now. A lot of time, back in the day, you do two cheat days on a late day. So, I would do a big breakfast and then probably go on a big dinner. But for me, I felt like that was too much in one day. So, I kind of spread them out to where, you know, to say, my, I do two late days a week or one like that. I do a breakfast and then like they would do like a nice dinner. So, does that mean you look like you're just basically like when you walk in, are the employees like hiding food or telling you that they don't have like, are you putting down so much volume that it scares people or is it kind of controlled? You know what, I'm full. Definitely have the breakfast and coffee, that's the story. You probably haven't counted it the buffet, but I'm not throw this one up here because Chase Irons had a question that ties right in. What is the most amount of carbs that you've eaten in a day? So, that would probably be like on a planned day, I'm guessing. So, yeah, I really don't like a structure diet. Like my structure diet is probably six hundred grams of carbs. Okay. But if I went out and did like the whole buffet thing, shit like that, we're going to do a 1000 for sure. Yes, yeah. Because when I walk through buffet, like I don't, I don't eat a lot of foods to eat just because I don't, I'm going to have the carbs right? So, this is my thing that my friends, cereal, page trees, a bunch of fruit, pancakes, I'm not sure. That's my jam right there. So, you didn't really have it. My friends in total Joey's, my girl, we'll sit there all day and get that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and that stuff doesn't fill you up. It's gotta be strawberry jam. That's a good call. You didn't really have it much of an offseason, you know, between the Olympia to the Arnold. It's just such a quick turnaround. So, now you're getting this good chunk of time. You're able to eat some food. You're able to relax a little bit. You've got this new training plan. You must be feeling pretty good right now, moving into this. What are you really enjoying? This afternoon after the Arnold five or I'd say, if you could give me heart, you know, I really thought I was, you know, obviously going on that show. Yeah, in corrective section obviously he looked incredible. But I really thought I had that one. So kind of, you know, not without a few matches, but I'm starting to get back in my room and, you know, to me. And we've got some redemption on. Well, moving forward now into everything you're doing. And man, like I said, you know, you got momentum building behind you. And I'm sure you're feeling good. You got this new training plan. What do you really enjoying about the workouts you're doing now? Like, what's really feeling, what are you excited about? I think just the structure of it, you know, I was always the one back on the train. And I didn't want to the structure because I feel that's just added stress, you know. If you don't get your numbers or whatever the case is. But I see that there. It's down. So I just want to try that and I just give it excited the change for now. I find it funny that you say you don't like you didn't love the structure. And in fact, because you're training, when we watch the videos is extremely structured in terms of rep execution. So you talk a little bit about that. Yeah, it's going to take you on your rep speed. Yeah, go ahead. But as far as, you know, counting reps, like say, you know, oh, I did 150 pound doubles for an inclined dumbbell press 12 this week. Next week, I wanted to take it for 14 reps. I didn't care for that. I was just the one, you know, if I feel good, I'm going to train heavier. If I don't, I'm going to train a little differently. There was never like, I want to be someone who wasn't, it wasn't like a straight, and aggressive overload type thing. Yes. So now that I'm kind of doing that now, it's kind of a new motivation. Yeah. Gotcha. So tell us a little bit about your rep execution because most guys, I can't remember exactly how we'll do our, but most guys, when they start out training in early on in their career, you know, they're more ballistic, they're get the reps at any, you know, any cost or any, any way necessary. You have such good cadence and control over the heavy weights that you're using. When did you really start to hone in and develop that? Or was that something you started with from day one? No, I was pretty ballistic when I started. I'm actually, when he, I mean, you know, got together back in 2019. He didn't do my training per se, but he told me slow movement down, you know, control, and do you essentially drop and explode up? So that's kind of, I thought I had, like, kind of restart. Oh, I, um, that's just what I did and the Russian just came very, very fast. Yeah, I hope the listeners hear that because that, it's one of the first things I noticed when I, when I see your videos is the, the execution, it's so methodical, it's so controlled. And I want to make sure that I say this the right way because I'm the old head of the group. And you're the youngest one and yet you're level and where you are. I don't want to diminish that. What I want to say though is, for younger trainers, it's uncommon to train with such control and such focus on the muscle through training versus what Andrew was saying with more of a ballistic style train. It's almost like you get to the point in a set where you go, yeah, I'm losing the field. It's not where it's been and, and your racket versus I'm just going to get three more reps no matter what. That control is there and it's very, it's all that before breaks are stuff. It's beautiful. Yeah, I know that. Just a little bit. I'm going to guess that your your list of injuries since starting that or making that transition is incredibly minimal in my right. Correct. Yeah, that's what I figured. What about injuries prior to that? Anything major? I've had one injury, which I tore my heart string in 2019, four weeks before I competed at the US, right. The second. No kidding. That's right. Now just how to curiosity. How to do that? RDS. Okay, fair enough. Because the video I saw just about four hours ago was RDS where money, very controlled. Very. Well, and it's funny because then the last segment, one of the questions we had was about, you know, is there too much of a range of motion with certain exercises and they used an example of the hack squat when someone bounces out of the bottom. And my point with that was that anything you do that makes the exercise easier with that rebound. You shouldn't be doing it. You're not getting anything out of it and it opens you up to injury. And I think like what's skips a little into with the control you have on your RDLs. That's money right there. I'm not only avoiding the full range of motion, so if you're able to go all the way down on the hacks while I like that, I like to pause for a second and then explode back up. I would have real sight. It's like he's like Andrew that's cheating in my opinion. Like what he bought before. Exactly. No. And not only is it limiting your injury, but at the same time you're you're blowing up and you're growing. I think a lot of people think yeah it's going to limit injury, but maybe I'm not going to progress as well and that's just not the case. Yeah. I know how strong I am. I know what I'm capable of. So for me, I'm also like the point where it could cause an injury with how strong I really am. So anything for me to make the movement harder as possible using a lighter weight is going to benefit me down the road right to the middle of the way I know I could. Yeah. So what did you tell us because you mentioned about you know you want to bring your legs up to quad sweet from particular what exercises and and what rep ranges what specifically is Jared having you do a little bit differently than you were doing maybe for this Arnold prep. So we did last leg day to make press. She pretty low, but it was people made this degree which I've ever wanted to stand but it was a pretty wide approach right. And it was all the way down. So it was all right. Done. But I know a lot of people say that work more in the area. But I felt that so much on the outer sweep. It was ridiculous. And we did a reps of a year from 12 to 15 for that. And same thing only to the Swiss rock. It was really the same. And after we were done, we actually took the video that I posted and my outer sweep was just full grown. Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. So recently I know you made the move to Vegas. You were training with Kamal over in my 40 and I just barely missed you because I moved down here. I'm in the cargo. Yeah. Yeah. Tell us what it was like to train with Kamal. Kamal was the complete opposite. I thought so. I thought I heard that. Very, very, very, very, very, very, very high volume. It would be like six sets with triple drops set every exercise. Oh, God. Yeah. Did you guys learn the training? Huh? Did you guys merge your training styles or did you refer to the, I just didn't understand the track of the different. Yeah. And listen, it is for him being for 51 year low. It is very tuned out. All right. Did you love with him? All of his app. That's so cool. What we got is an animal. What's amazing. And he's strong too. It's not like he's just moving little light way. We had him on a show not too long ago with Ron and Dusty and he had talked about that too from from his perspective. It sounds like and I think it's good, you know, because as awesome as your training is and how how valuable it is for you right now at at some point in life. The opposite is also valuable. So it probably was good for you to do something different, you know. Because like I'm 28, right? So I don't know everything. I'm all up for trying new shit to see if it works. And that training with the moment was fun. I loved it. It was exciting. It was always something new. But that was way too much. That's something you can do long term. Yeah. No. I would wake up every morning. I feel like I'm back truck. Yeah. I would need like after a return session on a plane to take like two days off. That's crazy. And he said something about he was going to have you over for dinner or something like that. Did that end up happening? Yes. Yeah. That's good. Like all of his traditional foods and stuff. He said they were going to go back to Florida and April to clear out actually my house in Tampa. I haven't gone back. That's like me. I love my stuff up and Vermont. Yeah. I'm like I'm getting it eventually. But he wants to have a man for a year or something along your visit. That's cool. That's cool. How is the environment change, you know, having moved from Florida out to Vegas? Like what are you getting out of this now that's getting you excited? For me, I mean, the weather is better. It's not as humid. Oh yeah. I just like, Reggie, I just think there's always no gems around here. The environment is very, you know, body building, fitness friendly more so Tampa is. But I think, you know, Vegas is more that way. There's way more gems to train out and obviously the food place is down here on the credit for two. Yeah. I'm here. There's a little bit to be desired. That's for you're originally from aren't you originally from West Palm and then you went to Tampa or I'm very happy. Yeah. So I actually miss West Palm. Even if it was more quiet humidity wasn't as severe as it was in Tampa. I don't know. And that was like, that was like the first place I moved to. I don't know my parents are on. So that will always have a special place in my heart. I guess you can say. And of course, it was right by the fireman from your body gym. That's just, this is awesome. The train. Oh yeah. That was going to be my next question. I wondered where you train. I know you had been to busy body a couple of times because I had trained there and someone said you were in there. But you didn't train there. I don't think regularly. I've got this is West Palm out my back here. I'm right down to. But I think I missed you maybe by you. We may have been here at the same time for a few months, but that was probably about it. Yeah, the food leaves a little bit to be desired until you get down closer to Miami and Fort Lauderdale. That's sure. We live like 20 minutes from the stretch. So there's food places. Oh yeah. Vegas has everything. There's nothing Vegas doesn't have except for the Olympia next year. Now you're going to have to get on a plane to fly back out to Florida again. No, that's here. Yeah. That's okay. Yeah. I'll say this. I've been trained in a little bit at Amp Fitness. And my training partner Scott Dennis, he's a classic pro. You might, I don't know if you know who he is. But he said, yeah, you said when he saw when you came into one of the Amp Fitness is one day, I think in Paneal's park or maybe Tyrone. It wouldn't have been weirder if an alien flew down in a flying sauce and walked through there. Every fucking person turned their head and just watched everything he did on every single set. But my question about that is, do you thrive off of environments where people are always eyes on you or do you prefer an environment where you are training with just your training partner or even by yourself like no one else around? I thrive in an environment where the atmosphere is really good. Everybody's just training their assholes and not worried about anyone else. Yeah. Cool. So if you have the choice in a gym, are you going to go for atmosphere? Are you going to go for a place that is well equipped and you'll create your own atmosphere? I see that's, I would probably pick atmosphere over equipment because you could have the best equipment for me the atmosphere is shit. I'm probably not going to come back. Yeah, I'll show you. Hey guys, just a quick advertisement for True Nutrition as a company that I believed in for years. They were the first company that I wanted to ask to sponsor us, but I waited until we had enough views that I knew I could make it work there while. One of the products I've talked about a lot is their hydrolyzed beef collagen. I'm drinking it in my coffee right now. I use this every day. It's one of the few supplements that will rebuild connective tissue. They have some of the best pricing too. If you go to the store, it's way more expensive. I shop around. I look at the shelves and I see. So you can get a much better deal if you shop a true nutrition. Of course, use our code think and let's them know that their advertising dollars are going to something of value. I use this every day. My wife uses it. My mom uses it and now my sister is using it too. So like I said, these are products I believe in. I've used them long before they advertised with us and I highly suggest them to you. If you guys have any questions about any of their products, including their hydrolyzed beef collagen, let me know. I'll be happy to talk to you on social media or wherever else. All right, guys, let's get back to the program. So where has the atmosphere and Vegas for you now? I train at Dragon Zayr Law, I train elevation, sick blood. Those are like the main spots that I train at for the most. I didn't know elevation. I didn't know they were out there. I saw that you were in elevation. I assumed you were down in Miami. I'm like, oh, yeah. I'm down there. Good. Good. Good. That's cool. I also want to ask you change the topics a little bit about your relationship with Matt. He was your coach. He helped you run up through the amateurs. You guys got your pro card together. I was there backstage. Somehow I snuck in backstage and I was there. Well, I did get his. Yes. Yeah, remember? Because I was died in myself and I was pretty tan. And the guy just looked at me and let me walk right through and get his girlfriend got kicked back to the curb. But anyway, I want to know a little bit about your relationship. I know you guys split ways a little bit. We won't go into that if you don't want to about the reason why. But you guys got back together. What's that relationship like? I just think it's really good. I would say it's probably just a strong. If not stronger than what it was before we had that little split there. Once we see each other at Olympia, I think we both knew like, this is what it is now. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Would you say he's kind of a mentor to you and some ways? We always think about it. You know what I'm up? As far as I always believe it's Matt and someone I was gave me advice to me whether it was just life or business or coaching. Like he was always more than just the coach. Gotcha. Gotcha. That's cool. Cool. Hey, I'll take it. I gotta go ahead. Go ahead. I said, I got a question. I'm going to be, hear me out of the way I were this because I think I understand why and I want to ask you if you agree or not. There are always a lot of questions about your gear, your gear. So I'm not going to ask you about it. It's not my business name, but he also has business. But I will say this. Is it fair to say that you don't discuss it because people don't believe you any way? Yes. Is that okay? And I figured as much. And I honestly, I think that's about the best approach that you can take because people are coming at you and guys like you at your level. From all different directions, if you could be 100% lay it all out, put it out and they're just not going to buy it. They're not going to... I always shot myself to be a genetic freak for one. I always found that I was pretty hyper much longer. So yeah, I was younger and I pushed it a little harder. Sure. But now we're on that. If I was to tell people what I do and what they would probably... I'm sure I was being called here. We give a lot of comments because when we've had guys on that are at a high level and they've told us what it is and it's not a lot, people still don't believe it. Another thing is that your shit is very pure and it's properly dose. You don't need a lot. You really don't. But you're hating you right now. Actually, I might be for the genetic component. Yeah. That's also another thing that I want to try as well is push the food really carefully to training as best as I can while barely not doing much and just see how far the body can really go. You know, because that would need traumatic amount of size anymore. I just need certain improvements and keep refining. I don't need to keep pushing and pushing. I feel like a lot of times as kids we all think to ourselves like one day I'm going to be Mr. Olympia. I remember thinking like man, I'm going to fight for that one day. That was an early thought in my parents' basement. Did you have those thoughts as a kid? But at the same time, could you have imagined where you are now? Yeah. I know I'd be here and I'll ask you my first show. What was your early training life? Or asked you that. What was your early training life? I couldn't even tell you. Like, you know, what I mean, like, were you stronger than the other kids? Was there, was there, was there still you have 17 years old then? She didn't have a full five rate? Okay. That was crazy. Okay. That's crazy. Did you play sports at all in high school? I can't remember. I played football. No. I played baseball. You sure about that? You think I was? I played football. I played football in high school because I'm like a sort of loser. So I played football. That's fine. So that first show. Yeah. When I did play football, I was on the 13th, 14th. I was a full back in middle of all that. Yeah, I could see that 100%. So you started telling the story? I was pretty much always a bigger kid even at the other year. So putting on the size, you know, when I started training in 13th, 14th, it was very easy. Get it? Get it? Get it. Shut it. It was not hard poker. So you said 13 or four. Oh, and you know what's gotten? Take it. Take it. I wanted to get back to that show because you started saying before you, you know, at your first show. So what was that like? Yeah. So when I was 17, I started that, right after graduating high school and I graduated high school, I was 235 and I stood on stage at 159 pounds. So I could have beaten Nick Walker at some point in his career. So when you were 17 and you were 30. If you took it. If you took it. But the training. You know, I just, I really at the time I was just in there training. And I didn't really have like any structure. I didn't really know what I was doing that much. I just wanted there to get training. I probably over trained pretty bad. Stop it. And you died at yourself for that show, too? I did up until I was like 60. I decided to get some help and that really just didn't help at all. And actually made it worse. Because in four weeks, in four weeks, I lost 30 pounds. So I was like, oh, so drop. Were you peeled? No, I was skinny. I think I remember seeing those pictures. I'm like, I don't think he was the Nick Walker that was peeled that he brought to these last show. Oh, I was in. Yeah. I was so, you had a coach. You had a coach that successfully got you to lose muscle, which is fairly hard to do on a prep. Maybe you weren't using PEDs, but you had a coach that was successfully able to get you to lose, like, 30 pounds of muscle tissue. More. Who's that? And whoever he is out there today, he always know he was the guy who ruined Nick Walker's first show. Yeah. He said nothing. I stood on stage at 100 92 pounds. Okay. Yeah. And how did you do that one? I won. Hell yeah. Who'd you work with for that one? I'm some local guy that was in town as there was Kenny. He was like the first actual real coach that I had. And he was good. I did. I wanted like two of your shows with him and then we did team hash rules. And I took second by Cody Montgomery that year. That's right. Yeah. If you had to go to somebody, that was a good guy to lose too. He was just too pretty. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like those are complete opposite physics and at the end of the spectrum, right? Cody Montgomery and Nick Walker next to each other. That must have been amazing to see in person. We all know everybody who watches the shows knows that your mom is your biggest fan. Because we had around the show at the the Arnold. I imagine she's been your biggest fan like all the way back since that first contest. Oh my god. No. She ate it by the way. She was always wanted to go. Yeah. We were on the grill. We were on the grill. We were talking stupid. She ate it. She ate it. She ate it. She ate it. She ate it. She ate it. She ate it. She ate it. She was like, this is stupid. You know the fact that I said mom, you know, did you approach me? She had to be like, you know, so I mean, you know, Paul, let's give us chicken and white rice. Chicken up by white rice. What do you want? Wait, wait, let me ask you this. Growing up in your household are your families? Are they eaters? Like did your mom like he cooked like big meals? He was like, we always had family dinners. Or we went on to fucking McDonald's and Taco Bell. You know, we can't agree. Curious. You traded in baseball. You basically playing baseball. She's like, oh, my son's playing baseball play. No, I'm son. You're like, I just want to get here. I don't want to basically be normal anymore. I want to go over here and do this. One of the downs. My mom. I want to get this one more. I want to go to the game. She thought I was kidding. What did she say? What did she say when you're like, I want to wear these little speedo trunks in front of us. Can you say my back for me? It took her. So after my first show because that prep was horrible. Yeah. Mentally I was like the biggest asshole during that prep. I was like you were never doing this shit again. I said one of my pictures. Action. So after I started winning obviously, then she started to follow it more. She started to get invested more. She started to study things differently. And then every show. She would get more and more invested. And now she thinks she's a judge. Now she thinks she knows. Now she thinks, you know, everybody's the best friend. She's told me at the Olympia 2020 that you were going to go. She's like next when I know. What I know he's going to win when he comes out here. Her maybe is 20 20 20 21 one of them I can't remember. She got she Arnold in front of the. She told everybody that if you bet on somebody else, you made a mistake. She said, but man, she's passionate dude. She's so big. You see it. So passionate. She's like, I see these lines in his legs that I've never seen. Like she's got the eye now. You know what I mean? Yeah. She's. And you use a thing. So but one before I go down. You know, we she was the one that you know took the pictures in the infamous face. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. And she would have no she would look at him and critique everything. He can only give us. I'm like, you're you're not my coach. I can. I can. That's. Which he point out like, oh, you know, you still got a little fat on your cheeks there. Or lower back. Like that out. If I'm sitting at the pose wrong and you know, I just feel like she's not giving me a phone. Yeah. And then I said, you know, I'm saying, and some of the feedback you give me would be some of the shit she would say. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. It's great. The moms come around after you start winning. That's. And that's cool. I mean, in fairness to your mom, you know, we all know it's a very crazy. It's a very different world. And and to someone who's in it. We know how different it is when if think about your mind, you know, think about your dad and what's seeing you got what what are you doing. Like, this is, they don't understand it. They have no idea about it. It seems like they're not up. So he, he knew a little bit about. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. But my mom probably, she thought it was weird when he started putting up like picture. Like, pictures of like pass, like fill Heath on your wall and like somebody's other guys probably right. Like, my kid. I'm going to go still eat. She loves shit color. Like she loves to hold out. Yeah. That's great. So you're a follower. Were you seeing me? Yeah. Were you saying that you're your dad lifted to them? Yeah. My dad was, you know, pretty big. He competed my brother as well. You're dead for me. No kidding. Yeah. Man, that was it. Does he been a cool era, too, then? Back. At what point, well, we'll point, did he stop trying to give you advice about body building in general? I'll take after the first year. Yeah. What if you were already bigger than he was? Like, you're good. Yeah. Yeah. So you do know, you got a good relationship with him from the way it sounds. But I'm sure you're clear, too, that you kind of hit the genetic lottery. In the sense that, yeah. And I appreciated earlier when you mentioned that. And it's tough to talk about genetics with someone when we have someone on, you know, like yourself or someone who is high level because I never want to give the impression that I or anybody, well, I can't speak for anybody else. I'll speak for me. That I would think that you are at your level simply because you picked your parents right. Clearly, the work involved in the structure and in the day to day that being consumed 24, 7, but is why you have gotten to where you are. But without that that genetic component, you're doing a podcast trying to get somebody else to come out and talk about how good they are. You know, it's just, it's one of those things. And I appreciate the fact that you recognize that. Of course. I mean, at the end of the day, genetic squeeze of big role and all of this, the only downside to the genetics that gave me was a wide fucking weight. So it's always something right. You can't even switch from one of them. It's not both of them. So you have to figure out who it is to just be like, why'd you do that? I got my mom's arrow shoulders. I'm like, it could have got my dad's with that. That's it's tough. What else we got to Andrew? Well, I'm just looking to see if any of these questions are good enough to ask, you know, I'm just gluing the how much, you know, what is this like, what does this like go look like for this, you wouldn't believe it if you told you for one thing. Yeah. Well, while you're looking, I want to throw a question about the relationship you touched on it earlier. And I wonder, obviously your girlfriend's a, I'm sure a huge support. But how, let me ask you this, what's the difference being in a serious relationship? And you chasing this dream versus prior to are there. I don't want to say obstacles, but for lack of a better word, are there things that now that you have to deal with that you didn't have to deal with before? Like what we mean. And like something simply say time, like does she understand the amount of time that goes into everything you have to do and not being the priority and things like that? And I would imagine that's the case. Just to drug it alone, I thought was, well, best scenario for me, you know, because I didn't, I do things the way I want. But how did her involved for my project for the Lempia having her involved, you know, for my project for the honor was probably the best thing that could have happened to me mentally? That's gone. She was very supportive, you know, every morning we drove to the drug desire. She took the pictures for me. We did our cardio together. She was very much on my structure, the entire time. And that's something I will forever be grateful for. And the reason I asked that and you already know this, how incredibly important that to me because of relationships sometimes. Can you hear that? Can you can tell you, can you can kill your dream and it can get in the way and it can be a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Chase Iron wants to know does she prep any of your meals for you? No, no, I do all of them. Oh, good for you. Wow. I've always felt like I've wanted to do that. I haven't wanted to rely. Is that what it is, Nick? Like I haven't wanted to put that on to people. It's my thing. Yeah. I'm in prep. I like to. I weigh every single amount of. You know, that's not saying I don't trust her to do it. Sure. She's doing it. Yeah. I like to see it. I like to do it. You know, that's it. Yeah. Well, you can speak for yourself because I don't trust my wife, my wife will be pissed at me and put a bunch of duck fat in there. Be like, yeah, fat mother fuckers in a get out of the stage and have blutes like his dad. You know. No. Yeah. I want to know what you think about this one. So this, I don't even know what this person's name is, but and I hate questions like this because I think, well, I'll ask the question. Would you chase the judges flow towards the new aesthetic criteria? Now, let me let you answer first because I got something to say about this too. So here's the thing. I personally, it's hard to tell. Right. Could you have someone like, how did you follow me on the love yet? Who in my personal opinion is not the, you know, he's got a aesthetic, but I'm the most aesthetic guy here. But then you had someone like Samson when the, when the arm. So it's more on the lines like what direction are they going. Right. How to do film that they are transitioning to the more taller aesthetic look. That being said, I'm not necessarily trying to play that game, but if I can play my own game. Yeah. So I'm through my aesthetic more and more. I will. Yeah. Well, only thing I was going to add to that is that the judges don't get in a circle before the Olympia or the Arnold or any pro show and say, okay guys, we're going for the aesthetic guy or we're going for the mass monster free. Get all caught. When you come out, body building, we talk about this for body building is about judging who catches your eye more like who is just on that day, who has the, the combination of fullness conditioning. If you want to call it aesthetics, everything just imbalance. If it's not like they go into it with this simple criteria for going for the aesthetic guy, which what does that really mean does it mean your taller link your guy like myself or or we're just going for the mass monster like a free like Nick here, you know, I just hate questions like this obviously. It's the best that your own game. Yes. Who's the best at their own game? Okay. And that's what so that's what so I think difficult or so subjective about the stuff that's not going to be a good thing. About the sport, you know what I mean, but you can see it like I remember I remember seeing Bonic in the 2020 Arnold the Arnold that almost didn't happen. And like just that day it's like just what he had it was like a day that he really shine. He was his best at that moment, you know, he just did his thing the best. I think you're nailing it man. It was it's always a mistake to chase like something else, right? I know my shreds are so I'm always going to play to that advantage. But again, like I said, I can also want doing that and prove other aspects. Yeah. Well, otherwise it's a giant guessing game too because you would be essentially preparing you and everybody else preparing for a show that you're you're essentially just guessing. Yeah, the judges are looking for and you could get it right. As far as, okay, this is what they're looking for. This is what I'm going to go and you nail it and that's not what they're looking for. So from the outside looking in and I say the outside looking in because I'm not at your level, I would think that the approach would be healthier to go with you know I'm bringing this package. This is what I'm good with and I'm going to bring the best packages that I can and let the chips fall where they may it just is what it is. Knowing that that decision is essentially out of your control and your controlling what you can control by providing and bringing the best package you can. The main thing is obviously like you said, controlling where you think control control the best way possible and also here, moving show show. I mean at the end of the day, that's just a little bit of a small and like you said, or were they for what else can you do? You can't get taller, right? Yeah, okay, they're going taller. What the fuck do I do with that? I can't get any taller. We got a good one in the live stream from Nate Speer. He says, yeah, he's with us. He says what wind felt the best and why. Or even if it wasn't a wind, even if it wasn't when what appearance. Yeah, I feel like you're going to say it was a wind because like you're like I'm a loser. You said that from the start, but if there was a show in particular that wasn't a wind. The show that meant the most as far as I'm when was probably the New York. Because that was it's somewhat because you can't guess what you say like the Chicago Crow is my birthday view, whatever. But to me, the New York Crow was more so than debut because I took it off season. We did a full product for it and that was like, okay, this is where it's at. And it was in my backyard where exactly I'm from technically, leaving it was in Tampa. But I had everyone at that show as well that I might retire. Family was there when I was with four and five. They were all there. It was in Tampa. So everyone literally everyone was there. So and that was probably. Undo unexpected because of how loud the audience was when I came out. Like I didn't expect any. Bro, I put my routine. I literally hit six poses. No routine, six poses. And every pose, everyone went fucking crazy. And it was like a cool. Ever. I want to talk about that actually because you are definitely a fan favorite. Like when you come out, whether it's a limpio, the Arnold, like because I've been in both audiences, you know, for in 2021 and her both audiences go frigging nuts when the me hit the stage. Do you feed off that? I think you can see it. I see. But tell us about it. There's there's no greater feeling going you walk out. I'll say whether you're confident or not, right? There's no greater feeling going on stage. And before you move the hit of pose, everyone just fucking goes crazy. If you don't feed off that, you have a fucking wild way. When you hear it, it's it's just I never get so I love it no matter what. Yeah, that's cool. I remember at the Arnold, I think what was your most muscular, where you just like stick your tongue out, you're like, yeah, I'm nasty. I'm huge. I'm shredded. I'm jacked. Like the people are here to see me. Like I thought that was like your stamp of saying, I'm not only a good pro. I'm a contender now for a top spot at the Olympia every single year for the next 10 years. Did you feel that in that moment? Yeah, it's it's it's it's it almost came from me being younger and getting a little bit of negativity. I always was so no, I would not want to be a pro. And then what happens, that would be a good pro. And then when we can't ease and pros, like I, you know, won't ever be a good one of them and now. So it's it's it's it's never about proving people wrong, but when you are able to shut people up, it's a very good feeling. I would add that you were able to shut them up very quickly over like a one and a half year period. Well, I'm glad that my average week to a year was as long as it was because you know, I took almost 10 years to 10 pro. But what I did, I was ready to be a pro. That's a good point. And then it took me very fast to rise to the top. People don't know. They think this success was overnight. People don't know how long you really took me to get that pro. And it took fucking almost 10 years. That's great. I'm not sure if you'll have an answer for this one because I imagine where you're at. But this is just my guess. If I were you're you're at my brain is just focused on body building and being the best I can be right now. But Eric says does Nick have any goals for after his body building career? Are you even thinking about that? Yeah, yeah, we're, we're, yeah, we're. We're very, very long journey here. Sean, you know, businesses and investing right out. No kidding. Like, can you tell us a little bit about that? Like, what are you, what are you interested in? Where do you see yourself? You know, after the, but what's that's probably? Okay. Well, you all have to find out very soon. So sooner than retiring, you're saying, huh? Yeah, well, it's not that this is going to happen, but, you know, any wake up one morning just be like, you know, I don't want to pregnant. Yeah. And if that day was to ever come sooner than later, I would want to come when I'm already taking off in other places. Yeah. That's a great answer. So I think there are sometimes people who have to continue because they have themselves in financial positions and everything else. Yeah. Yeah. They continue on and they're forced to stay in something that they were once passionate about, but that passion has since faded and they find themselves stuck in it. I can't imagine being in a worse place or worse position than having to do something so demanding. Yeah. Let me ask you this way then. How about this? So like hypothetically speaking, and this is like nothing to do with anything you're doing right now behind the scenes with business. But like, say 10 years down the road, where do you see yourself then? Mary, children, traveling the world and being jacked. I got a different type of right now. I'm going to give you one. In 10 years, I'm hoping to have four on a plastic titles and five on a few titles. Okay. I like that. Skip you got your, oh, you got your question. Are we on the same page or what? Look at that. I already did you look at that. This is our dynamic. We're on the same page no matter what. I always have quick fire questions. Okay. It's for anybody that we have on interviewing. I have to be fair and I have to say you can pass. Okay. Because I don't, you know, we don't. I say you can pass like, you know, if I ask your question, you're like, yeah, I don't like that. You can just say, you just say that's cool. And because, you know, you and I don't go back longer than say 45 minutes. Could be something in here because I am who I am that you know, you want to pass on. But I'm going to throw a match. And I, it's kind of just the first thing that comes off your head. I mean, you know, if you want to think about it, but you're just going to kind of throw a match quickly. Number one, do you alternate arms when you brush your teeth so that one arm doesn't get bigger than the other? No, I've heard about it. I'll look for that on stage guys. Look for that on stage. Yeah. No. Number two, do all plates have to be in the same direction? No, I don't care. Okay. Oh, there's no, you don't have a no CD bone in you. Okay. Fair enough. All right. Then I'm going to skip over the the other question because it was related. Do you know what space invaders is? I don't. I didn't think so because you're young. I'm old then because I was. Yeah, I was given away. I was given away my age. It was an old video game. Best movie ever made. Ooh. Remember the title. The nice. All right. I think that was John. That was never to. This one's kind of selfish because it has more to do with me. But I can do that because, you know, I make up the questions. So best Jim on the east side of the state from West Palm down to Miami, including Miami, of course. Ooh. I've been to many of you on this. So I'll get revived. Okay. Fair enough. If you have to pick only one song for every top set for the rest of your life, what is it? I'm going to go like, well, boom. That's mine. That's all. See we are tight. We are with you. No one. I have run that song over a hundred thousand times. All right. That's great song. Yeah. No kidding. Okay. What do you suck at that you wish you were really good at? Play the drums. Did you ever play? No. But I can't even do that. Okay. Next question. Does your girlfriend secretly like old-tanned guys? I'm just asking for a friend. I don't think so. Okay. Well, you didn't pass, so fair enough. Okay. Which song will you sing out loud in the car every time it comes on? Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Okay. And you get it, don't let her go too far because I got another question here in just a minute. Don't let her go too far but I have to get her in here. You have to answer it first but then sure does. Okay. Yeah, in sink, that'd be yeah. If you weren't a pro body builder which sport would you want to be a pro in if you have the talent? Uh, boxing. Nice. Okay, where's your girlfriend now? You have to answer this first celebrity that your girlfriend wants to crazy. Oh shit. Just in the moment. No! She said no? The rock. Oh, alright. There you go. Alright. Now this is the last one. Can you put up that picture? Scatter no. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I got it right here. You know that is? No, I don't. That's fine. That's fine. You don't know who that is? That's Mike Madarazzo. So Mike last question for you, sir. Any chance that your mom ever dated Mike Madarazzo 28 years ago? Thank you. I struggled with this one. I'm like, I don't know him. I don't know what the similarities to me. He's from my era. So. You give that. We'll give that one a pass. That's good. This is good. Thank you. You're a good sport. I appreciate you, Nick. Yeah, we appreciate you taking all the time and hanging out with us, man. This is awesome. Yeah, this is always fun. So anything you want to say to everybody before we, before we wrap this thing up, I feel like you already said a lot. No, I'm good. Mom, this is fun. So I got a question. I got one more question. Who's going to win the 2023 Mr. Olympia? Me. I don't, I don't think any of us are disagreeing on that one. Well, I look forward to seeing it happen. Guys, we appreciate everybody tuning in. Check out our sponsors, true nutrition.com. Use our code, think, supplement source.ca for our Canadians. And of course, follow Nick. You're already following Nick. So I don't really need to tell you that. That said, I'll have your YouTube in there. Of course, we'll have your Instagram and everything else. So if you guys aren't following anything that Nick's doing, you can go check them out there. So for another episode of Blitz What and Gear Guys, with Nick Walker, we'll see you soon. Thanks, guys. Thank you.