I might be called weird for this. I don't work off anger. I work better off sadness, so to speak. Like, I like to listen to songs that actually make me think about things that make me very emotional and upset and not angry. And that's, preferably, how I perform the best. I'm not keeping up with music as much nowadays, but I still have to ask. You said, you want to think about those sad memories and stuff, the things that really get you through. You know, what's my goal to put it most far as Evan Nesson? I'm in that, okay, yeah. There we go. I was thinking journey open arms, but whatever. I mean, that's a good one. Yeah, whatever works for me, you know, karma can I, I'm a karma can be. But we're gonna get it. What's up, guys? We'll connect the blood, sweat and gear with coaches, skip, pill, and you bury myself, Scott McDaley. And we are joined today by special guest Nick Walker. What's going on, Nick? What's up? Thanks for joining us, man. Guys, all of our programming is brought to you by truenutrition.com. Use our code, think, for additional savings. High quality through party tests and stuff with this from a company that you can trust. Nick, we're happy to have you back, man. It's great to have you back on the show. I'm happy to be on. I love this one. So, this is a good one. What in the heck's been going on, man? Were you living these days? Well, I live in Vegas, but I'm doing my prep for New York. At my mom's house, right? I used to live, so I'm just back here in Jersey for now. That's awesome. Because we've been seeing the update pictures from the iconic basement. It can bring the back. Yeah, it brings it back to the USA and the North American days when we saw you pray. Yeah. Then there have been some upgrades, though. I did notice the couch is gone. And it seems to be some merchandise and inventory. I see that too. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff. And the mutant merchandise now. How's that stuff sound? It's pretty good. Yeah, that's well. Yeah, that's awesome. That's awesome. I always like going to shows and seeing your parents there. I feel like they are your biggest fans. They got the T-shirts on. They're up there screaming at you when you're on stage. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, it's awesome to watch them. Are you doing the merch yourself? Are you getting help from the family? Because I can tell you one thing. Shipping shirts and stuff. It sounds real easy, but it could be a real pain in the butt. My mom does it all. Oh, bless her. That's awesome. That is cool. Yeah. Why do you? Shipping. If you have all the support from your parents and your mom's self, I mean, I hate to ask what's obvious a question, but why didn't you just stay in that basement and not move out because my ass would have fucking stayed at home. Say, money. There's a lot of stuff. I got a girl, but eventually, you know, I told you. I don't want to be a 40 year old body, but I'm living in my mom's videos. Right. There you go. Remember that? What's that kid who did the YouTube videos a year ago or he comes home? He's like a siren guy. He's like, I'm getting my protein. You got my protein on. Simon, don't get me some protein. You're going to talk about it. I remember that kid. You guys should do some skits with that. You and your mom should do that. We actually, I have a lot of funny skits that I want to do with my mom and dad. So there will be some coming. People would love that. I've done a guy that says we have to get her on. That's not getting both on, but your mom seems to be more of the character than your dad. She is. Make no mistake. She shy on camera. She shy on camera. Gotcha. She wasn't shy at the Arnold Classic band. We brought her in. She grabbed that microphone. And she was like, you all better be betting on Nick Walker this weekend. Oh, I guess. I guess she's not as shy as she ages now. Yeah. Yeah. Well, her son's doing a little better on stage these days than maybe 10 years ago or whatever. So he got my mom. She had her bets. But yeah, let's get right into it. Let's start with the Olympia and your injury. I don't actually know what the injury was. I know it was a hamstring injury. Was it a corn hamstring? Yeah, it was a torn hamstring. It's a torn hamstring. Yeah. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. How it happened? I wish I had a cool story. I don't. I just kind of stood up and felt a little twinge. Then it just kind of progressively got worse from there to be honest. And then we'll see what you see the bruising. I'll probably get it the day later. Honestly, I noticed when I set Matt check in photos, I think like the next morning, I could see a little bit of like discoloration forming. It didn't like swell yet. There was some bruising. And I've already torn my other hamstring. So I was kind of at the point where I was like fuck, like I know where this is. Yeah. And then I was the day went on. It started to swell. You know, fuck. Oh my god, here we go. And with the time frame that had happened, it just wasn't. It wasn't going to work. Well, people also don't know. But I don't know if you guys are. But I also, the third, that Thursday before I left to go to Orlando, I tore my calf to no, I didn't know that. I tore my calf on the other leg. So I really couldn't walk at all. Oh god. But the problem with that calf is that was on my good leg. The one like I kick back to for the, you know, the flex my boot. I couldn't do it. So everyone's making a fuss over the hamstring because it looks horrible. But I might, I can't flex. If it was just my hamstring, I would have limped my ass out of the stage. Because I looked insane. I'm not with the hamstring. I probably wouldn't have won it, obviously. But I was more than confident enough that I would have secured my third place spot again. Okay, that was how confident I truly was. But knowing how bad this calf was and I couldn't stand on it, flex it. Like nothing. I'm like, I'm not, this is it. So obviously we went there and met, you know, scheduled me with one of his guys. I was coming down at this bunch of body work and stuff. And I just think it was, we did the best we could. I just thought it was high too soon to really have any work done on it. How fresh it really was. And I don't, I'm not going to say it made up worse. But just it didn't make it better by any means. Yeah. It's kind of added information to information. Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty much. So I think it was like that Tuesday or Wednesday. I just woke up and I just, I just, I just texted him. I said, bro, it's not going to happen. Like I can't walk. You know, like trying to go to the bathroom was like a task in itself. Like I'm not, you know what I mean? We could so you're paying in the video, man. Like we could, all because I'm all those kids feel that, you know. I was very, very, I say it every year. And it is what it is. But I was very, very sure. I was going to win this one. Like that's, I was dead on set. Like no one is going to beat me. And because I was, I was nails from back, peeled dry. I was, I was all, all it could be. Even the photo is that map posted, which was that Thursday, which was the day actually tore my hamster, my calf that day. And that was the day before we were going to ready to leave. He posted those and everyone went crazy. And then we tried it, you know, still work out, Bobby and then Florida. And there was a couple of pictures he posted and people weren't crazy. But I'd never showed my legs obviously. Yeah. But I was just very, very confident like that. This one was going to be the year. So it just not only did I miss, you know, in Olympia, which is the only show I really ever prep for. But I miss what I really thought was going to be the year for me. I can only imagine how that mentally affects you now. You know what I mean? Like no one. Because you're young. You've got, yeah, it's left to head to you. The hamstring. I don't want to say it's like a hundred percent healed. Okay. But like it's, it's, I'll say it's good enough. I don't even mean that though. I, what I mean though is like getting the opportunity to do it again. It's like we never, we never know when our last prep is going to be here any of us. You, obviously, you probably have a lot of prep ahead of you. A lot of, you know, a lot of years ahead of you. But the, the gratitude to be able to do it. Like being able to keep doing this now. I've got you that this year, my thought is, and I think a lot of people have been saying it. You're going to leave no stone on turn. You're going to become a back of the vengeance, you know? I'm, I'm working, you know, it's hard to keep saying it over and over again. But it's like, I'm working specifically harder than I ever have. I'm not, and I'm also just, I'm going to like, I don't give a fuck mode now. Like, I'm usually the guy that keeps quiet and just shut up. I'll be one up on stage. I'm just, I'm talking all shit. And I'm going to shut everyone up. They're, I'm still going to shut everybody up. I just don't care. No, you know, like, I'm not, I will never like bash or be little anyone. You know, of course, but I, I just, I make it known like me and Antonio, we're, we're going back and forth. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm just, I'm, I just don't care, you know? You know, I think that's why I'm Antonio. I just, I just, I just got a lot of things. He's a bad shit talker. He's got to work on that. He's got to be gay on that. Yeah, he's got to come back. His comeback's aren't the greatest. That's a deal. I'm proud of being older. I think you look, here's the thing, though. And this isn't, I'm trying not to sound like the old guy when I say this, but there's no way around it. Matt and, and guys who are starting out and they're ready to, you know, have those years and years of, of bodybuilding, you know, I don't want to say dominant because I don't want to take away from anybody else, but at the same time, those years of, you know, at the peak of his career, he's not even to his peak yet. I think that's hard to comprehend at that point. I mean, I take myself back to my mediocre bodybuilding career. And there was no thought during an injury of, oh, yeah, it might be done. You're absolutely right Scott, but at the same time, he's just looking at it like just, just get my ass on stage. I just want to wreck some shit. Yeah. And I'm going to do it 20 times over because I've got forever to do it. Yeah, hold on. So I had to go back and find the funniest one that made me like literally spit my gum now. It was on March 1st, Tony Hope, post he posted a pose where he's like, he's hitting like a front shot and it goes, looks the same. That's got to be the best dig you can ever give a bodybuilding. Yeah, right? Is like no improvements like really. Now, go back to the hamstring and I touch on the hamstring a little bit because I'm wondering what you came away with. Here's the thing, you're saying that you're like, like, all bets are off. You're just like, you're going to kill like nothing else. But what does it do to your, I don't want to say psyche, but does it change your approach and go on? OK, did I not read a signal right? Do I need to be, I guess what I'm asking is, it typically will make either consciously or subconsciously make us train a little bit smarter, which is not to say you're not trained smart, but maybe you overlook some things and you're like, I don't be good, it'll be good and then it wasn't good. I mean, what was the takeaway? Because a lot of times during an injury, we want I do because I'm older and I've had a lot of them. There's always a, it's not a great silver line, but it's a silver line since I learned something of the last body that I didn't learn before. Is there anything there? Well, that's funny because like I, to my memory, I've had there was no sign. Like I remember like every training session was fine. And I just remember that one day, I stood up and I just felt like a twin. We all get a little twin during like, whatever, you know? Yeah, but you know, so that's what I thought. And my, I didn't even train the legs yet. My leg day wasn't even so like Friday or something. And this was like a Tuesday. So like I, to my knowledge, there was no like warning signs. And as far as my mindset in training now, it has, it's the same because I just think it was a freak accident. There's nothing. I don't think, you know, in my opinion, nobody trains as strict as it's careful as I truly do. I've heard. I say the only thing I might do different now, so to speak, especially for hamstrings and specifically, I don't go as heavy per se. And I already go slow enough. But now I focus just really squeezing hard at the top and holding it there as I go. Like I never truly like squeezed hard. I don't know, I just focus on like the set trick, hold the pause, explode up, come back down. But now with hamstring, it holding that at the top for a second or two, it even forces you to go a little lighter. So that's just basically what I've been doing. And honestly, I think it's honestly been better fitting, so I feel like my hamstrings got bigger from it. And I do a lot of single leg stuff now for hamstrings. Just to make sure I can connect and you know, get back to what it was. But in the connections, it's fine. I mean, I've had workouts to wear like summer better than others. But the past few workouts, the connection and the pump in there has been really good. So, okay. I did, but I don't do. I have not really touched any type of RDL stiff leg type of movement. I mean, like I've done like a Benofer barball row or in ship of like, as far as direct stiff leg and hamstring work for them, I haven't really gone that far. I just do all seated and lying right now. Okay. And I'm getting, I just, I'm also feeling like I'm at that point within my career or like that movement might not be needed for me anymore. You know, do I miss it? Yeah, because you know, that's how I felt like I built shit. Like hard heavy intense school barbell shit. But my also know sometimes, you know, where I'm at in my career, I feel like sometimes risk isn't worth the reward at this point. And it's better to be a little more on the safer side. So, I got a good question for you then. So we have a lot of guys that are looking up to you. They watch your training. And they, they emulate what you're doing. What, what would you suggest the young guys do differently? Obviously, this could be an example right there. But what would you suggest the young guys do that are trying to attain a lot of size? What do they do differently than you're doing now? Actually, train. Ha ha ha ha. Wait, what? Stop. Stop looking at the mirror so much. No. Um. Honestly, like I've gone back to my old roots now, meaning I don't really train a lot of I am. I do it a during the eights. Like I train for 40 a week right now. And I think it's been in the best I've looked. I felt. Yeah. And all the above. So I just think the main thing is what people need to understand is, and I'm sure we can all agree, you don't need certain exercises to build up a muscle. Like you do it. You don't need a bench to get a chest in my opinion. You don't need a delift to go back. You don't need freeway squats to go. You need to find the exercises that you connect with the best. Make sure you connect with them to the full extent. Take the intensity as far as you can take it and move on to the next exercise. And I just think that's how you grow the most. You're in your out. You train hard. Because you're if you're in fine, the utmost intensity possible. You have no room for volume. Like there is a, yes. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. And this does nothing against you. I've trained with volume. I've done it. And I do think it has its best. I think there's a time and a place for it just like everything. But my base training is very, very intense. And when I say hard and intense, it doesn't have to be like a durian yate type of set where you're doing like six to eight reps. That's not feasible for everybody. I don't even do that shit. Like if I can take a leg press set of the hardest 20 reps of my fucking life, there's no room for another set. You're done. Yeah. All right. People get wrapped up in trying to do more. But not even do more. They try to go too heavy. And next thing you know, they're like, why are my legs running? Well, you're not, you're working your knees more than your fucking muscle. You know what I mean? Like it's just lower the weight, do full range of motion and take that bitch all the way to failure. And that's just how you grow. And now that I've done, now that, I remember it was a full range, I guess, and either until I started doing more like the RP style training, which I like to. And I have no joint pain ever. Like yeah, I honestly feel the best. And I think it's where a lot of people act is they try to go too heavy. And it's a short range. And that's why they're all bolstered. That's why they're knee-served. That's why it is, so it is. I have learned, like people, I got posted a video with, I think, will Friday. I was leg pressing. And I had four pleats. And I, I remember a couple of people talking some shit. Yeah. That was an arsenal leg presser. Have you regardless? But that was, if you watch how I execute how deep I fucking go, I paused in the hole. I sort of like, that four plates of time, that's the heavy fucking shit if you do it right. And by the time I was done that set, my legs were so pumped. I'm like, I'm good here. You know, I don't, I'm a one. You know, I think in the defense of, and I don't want to defend the trolls, so I'm gonna be wrong. But in defense of the people who don't get it, I think that it's difficult for a lot of people until you spend a lot of time in the gym and really kind of, I don't want to say, master intensity, but actually learn it, because it's such a, I've said this time of time again. It's not as much physical as it is, metal. And I think a lot of people really can't go there. They can't get that in. You gotta go to a dark place to read it. That's what I'm saying. You're has to be, it's almost like there has to be some type of childhood trauma. They take you. Really, I mean, I mean, I just, you have to find something that either angers you. I can, I call it control chaos, because anger doesn't work well. I do too. I'll do stupid shit. Well, and actually, for what do you say that? I don't work, so I might be called weird for this. I don't work off anger. I work better off sadness, so to speak. Like I like to listen to songs that actually make me think about things that make me very emotional and upset and not angry. And that's probably how I perform the best. No kidding. Nice. Yeah. And that's not silly at all. Those are those things and everybody has those things. It's whether we talk about them or anybody asks us about them really, because everybody has, I think, those motivators. Let me, let me, if you guys don't mind, and keep asking questions. But I do have one more that I think is important. Where, when was it? Because I'm sure it was like told to you or kind of you were advised or given advice us. But when did it, I clicked with you that you thought, OK, I'm going to really slow my, like I'm going to really focus on these mechanics. I'm going to slow these motions down. I'm going to pull the weight back considerably. And I'm going to dig into the intensity because just like you said, and getting the trolls come out with the four plates and things like that, they had to be some tri-think. It's some transition at some point where you thought, OK, I'm going to give this a try. So I'm wondering why. And then, obviously, you saw that it was incredibly effective. And I always laugh about the troll because nobody who trolled you could ever touch you and leg size. But yet they're going to try to get you for four plates. I need to, it's just laughable. Well, it's funny, because then we some people in the comments, so we like, well, I guess this means you don't need to have plates on a leg press to give big legs. You know what I mean? There's something I'll be able to do. That no. But it's not wants to sit through my breath. I think it was a couple. I think it was when, specifically, what me and Matt start to work together. He really much revamped my entire training to pretty much exactly what I do now, so to speak. Yeah. Very, very tense. Slow down the isetrics. They explode up. But I guess as time went on from, because we started back in 2018, from that as time went on, I was always known for the controlling of the movements and growing really, really, really heavy. But I still had a lot of legging parts. And I think that's because even though it looks super, super controlled, I'm still not connecting with the proper muscle, because it's still the way I'm using it, still too heavy for me. Even though it looks like it's right. So it wasn't until probably last year, really, so I started working with my friend Jared with some training tips, who's part of the RP method. And he's like, we need to lower that weight more. And you're going to go full range and pause for a second, and then explode up. Nice. And then it started to make the more sense, because now I felt, like for example, we'll just say flat dumbbell. Once I started to do that, I felt nothing but the pack now. I felt barely any tri-step involvement, any front dumbbell. It was just that all directly. And I'm like, it just sounds super from me being so experienced in a game. But I'm like, oh, shit. Like is this? Was this what I've been missing this whole time? And it's like now doing that type of fashion with a durian aids intensity. My body, again, has just just takes off. And I just think for New York, for the LMPA, it's every resistance. It's going to be inevitable. I remember you saying that all the way back to, I think it was like 2019, was that the year you turned pro-19? No, I should have, but no, 2020 I did. 2020. We did the road to the North Americans. And I remember you saying that working with Matt, you were reducing your volume. And at the time, it was funny because I remember people trolling you in the comments. You said, I'm getting less issues with my joints doing less volume, but pushing harder. And people are like, that doesn't make any sense at all. He's lifting heavier weights. You know, blah, blah, blah. But it comes as how you lift it. Yeah. And Matt was a very big advocate. And I'm glad he told me all that because that really, again, revamped my entire look into training. Because the thing is, if volume was the answer, why aren't we doing like 10 sets on a sexual size 20 sets? 12? Yeah. And they're 30. Why? Going up and volume. That's, you know, I mean, in 10 cities, the answer. So if you can get all you need out of one set, shouldn't that be enough? You know what I mean? And that's, I learned it like what legs. Like for example, Friday, I did one set. I'm big on rest poses too. I think rest poses are awesome. So all I said, shins, I did one set of rest balls set. I did 20 reps. The leg press was one set into a rest balls. And then I did Hacksquad, which was one set to a rest balls. And that was it. And how long do I take things? And I do hamstrings in the same day as well. So I did see it blindly curl. Same thing. One set, rest balls, see the like curl, same thing, one set, rest balls. And then I just ended with two sets of Bulgarians, Swiss Quads. Not so failure, just kind of put some blood in there, pump it up, isolate a little more. How long did that whole workout take you? How do curiosity? Legs, that was hour 15. OK. So because I just want to point that out, you still have those warm ups. You're not just jumping right into that. And I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg. Like longer rest periods. Like okay. OK. Before I jump into like a really well-eat, hard set, I will take a good like three to four minutes to be honest. And you're going to crank that song, God. What? I'm not keeping up with music as much nowadays, but I still have to ask. You said you want to think about those sad memories and stuff, the things that really get you through. I know what's going to go to for the most part of the lesson. I'm in that, OK. Yeah. There we go. I was thinking journey open arms, but whatever. I mean, that's a good one. Yeah, whatever works for me. And I'm a comic comic comedian. But we're going to get it. If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software in the hardware, and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at True Nutrition. True Nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years. Now, I'm super grateful for them. And I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. You could use our code, thank for health supplements and performance supplements. Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions. And if you're in Canada, check out supplementsourst.ca. They have free shipping over $99. Huge discounts on overstock, short dated, and label change products. Plus, they have all your normal supplements, too. Basically, I have two camps. This is just to take a little cheap shot at the listeners. You have two camps. You have the one camp that says, oh, next on the huge, because you can get away with that, because he's genetically gifted. He picked his mom a dead cracker. Which part? I, that's cool. There's a little bit of that. Yeah, I mean, I love my favorite. There is no question. There's no question. I'm genetically gifted. There's no question. Yeah, and you've never even never denied that. Yeah, sure. No, but that's what. But they take, there are things you can always do, genetically gifted or not, to improve even more. And so if I can do it, genetically gifted or not, so can anybody else. And I believe that. Yeah, then that takes a number two camp, which is exactly what you're saying. The other number two camp are the deniers, where they need to, they've got the information in front of them, because they've got you doing it. Now, oh, so I should focus, I should make sure that I train within my recovery. I should be careful of my joints, so that I'm actually hitting the target muscle instead of burying my front doubts while I'm trying to do dumbbell presses that are literally too heavy for me, because my ego, I can't check my ego at the gym. And just focus on those people that can't getting bigger by maximizing their recovery and slowing things down, hitting the target muscle versus going in there. And of course, being able to post a video of doing four or five reps that are questionable with an inclined dumbbell press so that they can, you know, put up the biggest numbers, you know, they put up in the mouth. So you have those two camps. One of them works. The other one has repeatedly shown time and time again for ever that the results are mediocre at best. So figure out what camp you're in. I'm in the know ego camp now. Exactly. No question. And the other thing, I'm sure there are some people saying, well, he still trains really heavy because you do have that strong base. You know, people don't think it to that level like that. They're trying to build them. The other thing, my strength versus somebody else's strength is to me, it's irrelevant. It doesn't matter. Like you're strong in your way. I'm strong in my way. Just because I live the certain way, it is, you know, it is, can I could I lift heavier? Perhaps the fucking literally. Do I need to know what is it still heavy for what I'm doing? Yes. Like for example, there was this kid at the gym, at the gym I go to. There was this peck fly machine. It was really cool machine. He was used at, he had like 45s on each side. And this is a heavy flying machine. And he had a 45s on each side. And I said, I need more sets of y'all. He goes, I got like two or three more. I said, can I jump in? And he's like, yeah, sure. Let's talk for four. He can jump in. Yeah, right. I said, you need, and he's like, you need more weight here. I said, no, I'm good. And I did my set 10 reps. He goes and does his set. And watching him do it. Everything moved, but it's chest. And I'm not the guy to say anything, because I don't want to offend anyone. Yeah, yeah. And then, and so one more point, he said, are you sure you don't want more weight? I said, okay, okay, I'll hear you. I said, are you sure you don't want to lower the weight? Yeah. And he said, what do you mean? I said, everything moved on your body, but your chest. I said, watch me. So I did my set. And I got up. I said, you saw how everything here moved, nothing else. And he was like, well, yeah, I said, well, when you did it, your chest moved zero. Nothing. You didn't contract it, bit. I said, so why about we lower the weight now? So he lower the weight for 25 on each side. That was still too heavy. I had this one before I go to 10s on each side. And do a couple of things. And I said, how is your chest feel? He said, I actually, I got a pump. I said, okay, do you understand what I'm saying? Weight is irrelevant. I said, drop your eco. You come in here to work out to make improvements. What you were doing does nothing for you at all. And I watched him briefly for the rest of his work out. He took the advice. So I thought that was kind of cool. He was probably wrecked the next day too. But. Whatever. He was the guy throwing you about the plate. I mean, cool. He was like, yeah, I didn't sit. He was on the phone. He was going, I don't know. The spark of things he knows everything. And he told me, lower the weight. Fuck this guy. I want to get you. He doesn't want me to get big. Yeah, he said to keep the secrets. That's what it is. I lived in a light. Fuck it. I got something for you. Complete kind of related kind of not related. I saw one of your posts. It was your shot recent mere shot, right? You hold your phone up. And somebody obviously doesn't follow you. He says, is this guy nanny? Yeah. I get that. Ha. Ha. Now, you said earlier the show too. You're like, listen, I don't care anymore. I'm just going to say whatever I want to say. So you're at this point where you're like self-actualized. I don't think that anybody could say anything. And anyone that's going to hurt you, right? Looks at me and says, I'm nanny. Lacks some serious intelligence there. Oh, yeah. But with the trolls, like I don't think there's anybody, even can say anything that's going to hurt you at this stage of the game. There's a lot of guys out there. There's a lot of people. You guys have been following my entire career. But there's nothing at this point that I haven't heard. That's just going to bother me, honestly. Is that what it is? It's time because there's a lot of guys at the other end where like, man, I love the pros and more. And it's like, when I first, like, when my name started to get first known, yeah, and I got what's in a lot of heat, I didn't understand why. And I got to me. I didn't understand it. But now I just realized it's part of the game, it's part of the sport. Like you're never going to be perfect for anybody. And you have to accept that. Like you could be Mr. Olympia for fucking 10 years in a row. Guess what? People are still going to talk shit. It is what it is. You just have to just take it and roll with it. Sometimes I respond when I'm taking a shit and just for shit. And I have fun with it. I don't like, what are you supposed to say? I usually ignore them. But there's some around like, oh, this is a good one. Let me. It's more of a comedic thing for you, right? It's not like, it's really. This guy's burning. I need my back. Yeah, I've learned the order of God. It's like the majority of the people that are talking all the shit. They don't know me. They never met me. They don't serve any relevance in my life. They don't know who goes on day to day. And 10 times out of 10, they're going to see you in person and not going to say shit. Exactly. You're going to picture. Yeah, yeah. I don't know. It is what it is. Do you think that was so far to say it's society. It's not even really the sport because you see it. I mean, I feel like several of them do it to get a reaction because there was a time years ago, I responded to somebody. And he met me back. He was like, bro, I didn't think you were going to respond. Oh, God. Yeah. You think that's your talk of shit, bro? Exactly. That, uh, Sam sent just made that post recently. And he was like, I can't believe the negativity. I'm getting, you think that's just because he's maybe newer at the sport. He's not used to getting that same. Sam's been kind of had what I think I believe I had, which I don't want to say is that quick success, but it was like a quick rise. Absolutely. Yeah. Like, so he doesn't, he was, but he also never doesn't come from this body building industry. He kind of just kind of got into it. So I don't think he understands why he's getting shit, why he's getting negativity. But just like me, you're going to have to learn like this. It just comes with a sport, man. Like, it is what it is. You got to take it for what it is. And just honestly, I embraced it because if they didn't talk shit about me, then I have no relevancy. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I enjoy it. Just say whatever fucking you want, man. Any publicity is good publicity in my opinion. Yeah. Now. Well, going into this year's Olympia and after, you know, last year's Olympia. What's been the focus for your physique? I mean, because you loved your physique last year. You thought you were right there. In your mind, you're like, I'm winning this thing. There's no one coming close to me. After you got, you know, you got the swelling come down the hamstring, you showed Matt some pictures, you got back into the offseason. What was the goal this offseason for? What do you want to bring up? It was honestly, it was just continuing to do what we did last year. You know, not push food too hard, just enough to feel good, making improvements, not overdo it. And just continue to keep training the same because I felt like the improvements that we have were making from the Arnold at the time to what I was going to show up to Olympia was pretty drastic. In my opinion, I was going to weigh relatively about the same though from what I weighed at the Olympia versus Olympia. I was going to be around 255-ish, just a lot harder, leaner, and I think bigger. So technically, there wasn't much change that we wanted to do just continuing to do what we did. And that's what we did. Like right now, I'm like 280-281-ish, and I'm a lot leaner now than I've ever been at 280-281-ish. And I just think that applies the only thing I've done different, I guess, is the amount of days that I trained. I trained four days a week. I guess, so to speak, when I was in prep for the Arnold or Olympia, I was doing kind of like a push pool leg type of deal. But I also felt like that might have been too much for my body. And with doing that style in particular, I did try days a week, but training everything twice a week, so much who the grader felt was taxing. And with that style, they, especially R.P., they like to do like reps and reserve, which I think serve a great benefit. I do. The only way you can do reps in a verb of my opinion is if you know how to take a sense of the ultimate failure. Thank you. That's, I think that's not negotiable. That being said, I don't know how to do reps in reserve because I only know how to live with it. Like I don't know, like I don't know what if I stop. I don't know if I have one more or two more or three more. Like I just, I would rather just go. And no, the counter failure is done for me. Yeah. So I think all of that, I just, it taxed me a little harder than normal. So again, I just applied both methods. And I went over this with Matt, I said, look, bro, I'm going to train the R.P. type of style to where everything is full range, pause in the hope and they're buying. I'm going to train four days a week during the eight split, his intensity and let's see how it goes. And he was on board. He loved, that's specifically how Matt loves the train. So, and that's what I love about Matt too. Like we now, like Matt, we always did, but we, like, I think our relationship is definitely on better with a past year. But we communicate better than ever. Like, and he's one of those coaches for me specifically that, like, he listens to what I say. And we imply it. And if he doesn't agree, he tells me. And he says, well, let's try this way for a little longer. This way, for a little longer, we'll see how this goes. But he always takes my feedback and he consideration. Because he knows, for me, if I say something, it's because I mean it. It's not like, sometimes, second guest you do what they want to question you. You know what I'm saying? He knows if I have something to say. It's for a specific reason. We apply it. We see what happens and we go for it. And so I remember when I finally decided to do New York. I said, look, I think we should still train four days a week. What do you think? And he's like, yeah, let's write it out for as long as we can. And at this point, like, my body feels the best and several fell. I'm eating more food than I think I've ever had at this point into a prep. Digestions where it needs to be. Body feels great where it needs to be. And I'm just hoping, again, we just walk into this New York show together and just dominate it. You see that message, Scott? You got him. Andrew had texted Skip a little bit ago and he said, Skip, think of five questions for Nick. And Skip says he's got him. So we've got this thing, Skip likes to do where he asked five fun questions and Nick your perfect. Okay. Perfect victim for this segment. Now I feel bad because I understand him instead of Scott. I have my glasses on and I didn't see that. Sorry, Andrew. Anyway, okay, you ready? Growing up, pre-body building. Were you choir, violin, band or were you baseball, football, soccer? They play soccer now. It's going to all because we didn't have soccer in school. Were you sports or were you, were your extracurriculars, were your other, come on. It's like, nice spot. Fort related. I know the answer to the song. Actually, didn't play sports in high school. No kidding. Out. Okay. I played on. I was younger before high school and I played baseball for a soccer. What position baseball? First base and pitcher. Okay. No, shit, pitcher. Okay. You missed four. I got huge man. I could actually throw a baseball. You missed that. You missed that. You guys remember Mike Alscott, Tampa Bay running back? Yeah. That would have been Nick. That would have. Just off. You run over to you. I actually was, I played for football. I did play middle line back here in the football back. Think of that. Looking over, just being back, just going on man, I got to run that three. So I've got to be kidding me. I'm going on. I love the bris. Look at it. It was my favorite. All right. One thing no one knows about you that's non-body building related, whether it be like a hobby or something that's not related to lifting everything is and setting them down. I like the right poems. You can't really. That's cool. All right. Dang man, now I'm going to have to, like next time you're on, we're going to have high coos by. High coos by Nick. What's the daily high in the club? Number three, cats or dogs. Don't say the wrong answer. Oh, thank you. Oh, god. Fair enough. I think cats. I'm a cat guy, man. I got wild. I have a cat. Gross. Skip those cats. You know, the wonder if you need a license for. So that's those cats. You wonder if you need a license for. He's got that. Oh, all of day, bro. Yes. We don't have kids. So don't say more like kids. What you have kids and they leave you're like, I want low maintenance. I don't want to have to take. So if you, because I mean, we raised four kids. That was a work right there. So I think that's a real job. I think that's a real job. That's a real job. That's a real job. Take it a dog out of the pain. Yeah. You're proud to. You walked down any urban area where there's high rises and you just smell the dog here and all of it. The sidewalks, especially when it rains. It's horrible. But anyway. Okay, real job. Not professional body builder being played. Getting paid to play video games. But if you had to have a real job like you just had shitty genetics like me. What would your real job be? What would you have? Would you been like an accountant, cop? You know, I always wanted to be a cop. No kid. Okay, so we have a little. Yeah, and then I broke a lot of compliments. They said I couldn't do it. Whatever. What else? Rose, you're stupid. Sometimes. Anyway, a dream car money doesn't matter. It does matter. You just have an endless supply. You're a chic and a co-weight or something. Oh, for already. Nice. Specifically anything or just any for our. It's always for us. It's always for us. Nice. Last one, no calories. This is your breakfast. It doesn't count. They don't. It doesn't count. What do you eat for breakfast? I'm going to have probably double stock pancakes. Three blueberry muffins. Four servings of sourdough toast with jelly. A lot of jelly strawberry jelly. Let's see. Meat lovers omelets with extra cheese, extra bacon in there. And a side of home price. So we can't really say he's like a car free because he had that. We really have the omelet in there. So he's sweet and savory. You don't see anything like this. He didn't have to think about it either. He just. He's thinking more about the quantity than what it is. Yeah, yeah. You know. That's my favorite. That's my favorite. I could eat a shit ton of breakfast, bro. That's my favorite. Meat. He said pancakes. Not a French toast guy. No, no. I'm a pancake guy. Okay. How about pancakes? You got a girlfriend in your strength. It just wouldn't work. No, can't. No. How do you? Now I got to think with Riley Dusty. They're both in the waffles. Waffles or pancakes. I think I'm like a waffles. I'm the only pancake guy. Yeah. I'm right to the waffles. They like the waffles because they hold the syrup. They got the little. They do. That I can agree with. A pancake. It's up. Kind of goes dry. I see you. I'm still a team pancake all the way. Waffles. It is. I just kind of poured on. Take a bite. Poor moral. There you go. There you go. It's really proud. But that is next thing you know. The whole bottle's gone. And he just devoured. Got knows how much sugar. 5,000 grams of carbohydrates. Here's shit. How much insulin you taken with that? That's where I was going to bottle. He's going to bottle. He's going to bottle. Yeah. For real. I had to random one here from our listeners. Are you a fan of Italian like Palm? Palm is John. Is that something people would know? Yes. Because they ask you. They say chicken, veal or eggplant. Veal is actually really good. But I would still pick chicken farm. Okay. Does anybody really like eggplant farm? Like, yeah. And stable in your farm. No. And you use the thing. When you go to Italian restaurants and you see the prices and it's like chicken Palm, 26, 99, eggplant palm, like 26, 99. Why would I pay the same thing for a slice of friggin eggplant? That always bothered my mind when I see that. Yeah. You guys see the. You guys see Nick on stage at the Arnold classic. He's looking bigger than ever. You he had this you had this this gray shirt on and short sleeve. You know, all forget next walk it out there like the biggest guy on stage. It may be think I was I thought to myself as like did he take the time to think about What shirt will make me look biggest when I walk out. Everybody. I just packed that shit. They did. I'm still in bad for. We all do that. I was feeling bad for Guy's sister. You know, it'd have to be on stage with a man. Yeah. I was like, Oh, shit. Because I'm like, I say to Nate because me and Ader sit in your watching it together. And I'm like, man, that little guy next to Nick looks like he could have been like, Guy's sister. No, they were like, Oh, my gosh. That is guy's sister. Oh, God. Oh, yeah. Guy got a long neck now. What was your highlight at the Arnold? Like the whole thing to show or like the whole weekend. Honestly, like, you know, I love to do the Arnold. So, you know, being there, you know, I was always puts you in certain mood. But it was nice to actually kind of be a spectator for a little bit. But it was really cool to actually do a, you know, the mean greets and kind of just be more involved, more engaged. And actually listen to people hear people stories. And I actually thoroughly enjoyed it because normally like, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm doing these shows. So you're kind of like, you know, yeah. But being actually happy smiley being able to really talk to people. I actually thoroughly enjoyed it. I love that. You guys go out eating a good food, New Year there. No, man, I'm not proud. Oh, you're going to say, I'm good. I didn't know if you, I didn't know if you got any kind of like, keep meals or anything like that. I do you ever do cheap meals or you just like 100% on playing all the time. How's that work? Well, we do, but right now, I just, I just, I like to do this higher card. Okay. So just keep in it clean. Yeah, unless he feels like you need one, like, your, your, your body's moving too far. Anyone, then I'll do it. Yeah. But I like, I like, I just feel better off higher clean food to be honest. I think that's the mark of an experienced champion competitor. Like, you no longer let your desires of like, man, I really would enjoy a burger right now. Instead, you're, you're mentally making decisions of like, well, what's going to benefit me the best? Yeah. What's going to refill glycine? Yeah. Like, I'm not looking for them to be like, unless he, unless Matt truly felt it was like, necessary, like I said, if we did a couple, you know, a high card day or something, and I ended up losing weight. And he's like, you know what, like, I want you to a high day, and I think a burger is really going to help you hear something. Then yeah, sure, why not? But like, if we're refeating body response, well, we're going to roll just, just keep going what you're doing. I don't, I never, it's funny. I don't really crave food unless, you know, obviously, I need it. You know what I mean? Like, once you eat it, you just want more and more and more. Yeah. And so I honestly just, I'd rather not. Like I said, that's a mark of an experienced competitor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And because how many times you guys get in your check-ins where you're like, all right, let's do a high day today, add an extra 300 grams of carbs, and you get a response back like, I think I think it'd be hard to get 300 grams of carbs in, but I could definitely fit a burger in. I could definitely do that. That's like, that's, that's the weak, you know what I mean? That's what I say. Yeah. I just ignore those reals and delete them. And also, my, my opinion, the reality is, you know, if your body is that much, you're going to go spot. If you, you know, increase your high day by 300, 400 grams of carbs across the day, it should be relatively easy in my opinion, because I know for me like, that when we do a higher day of carbs, the more carbs I eat, the hungry, I just get. Yeah. So, you know, this is, you're not in the off season. You know what I mean? Like, where it's, you see a lot of food, you know, I got shit. You know, when he, and I get a high day, I'm like, fuck, gay, bro. But I also know, I'm just going to get hungry here in the hungry area, you know, so, you know? Absolutely. What do you think of Hardy? Do you think he was better than the other thing? Absolutely. Yeah. Right. Was that without a doubt, man? He, he, him, I don't know what they did differently. They did anything different for that matter, but so I just continued to die it. But he, he, he, it was, it was clear as day for me. It was clear as day. I think the biggest thing I saw was complete of domino control. Yeah. One hundred, three hundred, six degrees, like every shot. There was no distinction whatsoever. You didn't see that. You didn't see it slip once, man. Yeah. That one's. Yeah. Yeah. I quarter-turning movement, like it was, it was just locked in, boom. You know, you know, not that I thought that Samson was even close to his conditioning. Or I thought Hardy was clear number one, and Samson was a distant number two. But even that distinction that Samson had when he was transitioning or even in the aventhyde, just a little bit of turtle shell, I feel like Hardy exposed the hell out of that, just being so tight in midsection on top of his dryness on top of his conditioning. I think they nailed it, hundred percent. Green. And that's an eye-catching. I saw that in person. You could see even though Samson had that narrow waist, you could still, you could see it compared to Hardy. Yeah. That's, that's what we could understand. Like Samson doesn't have a wide waist. He's, he's just having trouble controlling it. And I don't like to speculate and know what him and Milo's do. I'm sure we can all come to inclusion there. But I just think maybe try the opposite, whatever it is that you're doing, because I personally believe that Samson can come and peel, like peel peeled. Yeah. That's going to be really, really hard to be as well. That's shame. I don't think anyone's going to question that. Yeah. It will see. But I mean, he's working with his wife's going to help him. I don't know what that means. That's right. Now we work so. So we'll see what happened. You know, I don't know what their approach is. Obviously, I don't really know how they operate together. Yeah. And I hate to say, like, we'll see how he looks at the UK, because they started working together, like, for a week and a half before the show. Yeah. Right. But so he's either going to look in my opinion. I don't think he's going to look worse. I think he's either going to look the same or in my opinion, touch tighter. Yeah. Well, if I was him, I would have skipped the UK and gone to Brazil. So you have a little bit of extra time for his wife or in him to get together. Because I feel he needs to just get that next level conditioning. And I just don't feel like there's enough time. Especially with that video, we put up about how his body felt like it was family. And he probably had some meals after the show had the flight back home. He was probably up 10 pounds by the time he got back. And he was like, okay, you know what I mean? And like, and you know, like, that doesn't just come off like the next day. It usually takes two or three weeks. That's it. That's it. And then, so yeah, let's say, let's see, you get home Thursday is basically where you might be back to ground zero. And they have a week and a half really to push for conditioning. If that before you're out of start thinking about filling back out again. So I just don't know with his body type, but there's enough time to make those improvements. And that's why I'm saying, I would have opted to take the UK off. Even though it's in his backyard. And maybe done the Brazilians dead to give himself the best shot to bring a better package, personally. Yeah. I don't disagree. I don't disagree. But I think what I think he wanted to do the UK because it was a short break. No. The in between two shows. And I honestly think my man just he wants a break man. I think he needs to take some time. Honestly, you know, that could be another issue for all we know. His body just might, if I'd be responding, you know, not as smooth right now. You know? I just think he needs a break to give vacation and relax for a little bit. I think it's my dog everything. Yeah. Well, what if it is in what if it was like saying insulin thing? I mean, that's something. I would do it. I would do it. I would use insulin for this one. It could be cleaned up real quick, right? And if there's anybody who, like, if if if if if you were to call you, Andrew and he was like, hey, Andrew, would you help me? You don't have any idea what's going on. But you know his wife has watched every day. Every, she's probably the best person to step in if that's how to step in, you know? Yeah. Yeah. But I'm going to still go back to, I don't think it was just insulin. I think I need to get to that next level condition, the kind of conditioning Nick brings, the kind of conditioning, the hotty brings to be able to be in that conversation of clear cut number one he's winning the show outright, you know? I mean, on paper, he's the guy that should win this next show, right? Yeah. He's y'all on favor. But I mean, I'll tell you who looks really good though, is a keen. Oh, he's incredible. Yeah. What did you get to his look at the Arnold? I think so. I wasn't there for prejudging, but when I saw him come out for finals, I said, oh, shit. I said, a keen was good boy. I said, finally, you know? Same. But see that's what a keen has been missing. You know, like a keen can easily win shows, like the math thing going nowhere, my friend, like you need to just be peeled. And I think now, I don't know, now he's working, and I think with Chris Cito now, I think whatever they're doing, it's working, you know what I mean? So I think, you know, if he stays on this road here, he can be dangerous, you know? He looks fantastic. I didn't see pre-judging either, but finals. And then people around me were clamoring full of people. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I felt like that was such a dick tease too, when they put him in that final four, and then pulled him back out when it came down the placings. I thought that's such a dick tease to do to him, you know? And I guess I don't know where he was for prejudging. I felt like he was like in the six, you know? He was in like the six positions. Yeah. But I think what they do is, you know, it's a two day show. They literally judged it for I day, and they judged it Saturday, and they average at scores. They didn't go with that last season impression. Where is like maybe the one in two guys, if it was a battle on Friday, they're going to go with whoever looks better on Saturday night. But I think in the situation where with the team at being six or fourth, they took the scores, and they added them average them up, and said, nope, he falls in that fifth or sixth position. That's exactly what they did, because that's what happened to James, but the opposite. He was a higher and then lowered, and then they split that. Yeah. I was very impressed with John. Oh yeah. Yeah. I was really impressed with Rafael. My opinion of Rafael is I think that was his overall best package today. I don't think he was his most conditioned look to date, but I think overall it was his best look to date. I think he just looked tremendous. He's doing Brazil. He's got a lot of time to bring that conditioning even more. I'm not really excited to see how he looks there to be on it. I'm being excited to see that too. That was the only thing I had was I felt like when they turned around, he wasn't quite as sharp as I would have liked to have seen him. But the amount of mass he's put on over the past few years is incredible. It's so funny though, because you had said that, Scott, that you weren't very happy with his conditioning, especially from the back, whereas on the video. And this is why you got to be there in person. People say pictures or they video, you got to be a shows in person. Yeah. Because in the video he looked, I thought John Delaroads had the best conditioning from the back, based off the video. Like every detail was in. He looked really good. But I would say very close to that. It looked like Brandon was right there. Where Scott's telling me in the text messages like that. I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I'm a fan. Don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to hate it. And this is why I always say, like, you go with the people that were actually there in the audience. Like the videos don't show the real detail. They can make someone look better or worse. Pictures same thing. You got to be there in person to really get a hundred percent accurate to assess him with him. Yeah. On another note, how about a video. Have you seen the pictures of a video? I got to see how it looks on stage. I feel like the pictures are showing the best condition we've ever seen. I've always thought it's conditioning and kind of suck personally. Yeah. What's he saying? Is that the guy you told you earlier today, Andrew? Oh, he's doing Brazil too. Yeah, yeah. He's incredible in the pictures. Yeah. Very complete now. Yeah. And it's conditioning, at least from the pictures. Looks much better than we've ever seen at least in pictures. So. Where's those? You're pretty competitive here. I think it'll be good. There's not no Tonyo just jumped in. Okay. Nice. Hmm. Well, I got a question for you. Would you think about horse? Biggest disappointment. Yeah. I agree. And I was riding high on him. I was riding high. He looks so good in this picture. So good. Oh, dude. Yeah. If you notice, he never showed up extra. Hmm. I hate to use the word for a pro, but soggy. He was a little bit. I thought. I thought. I just like. Well, I know me and I even have to know. I know math. Like we would never go on stage. And I was like, what was happening? You know what I mean? Like we, he would look me dead in a face and be like, No, bro. We, we got to do another show here. Yeah. I also felt like. Well, I was like, the. Posing could have been a lot better to in my opinion. I felt like he. I felt like it almost felt like he didn't know how to control the muscle. Super well. And you know what I think what was though is like, once you know, you don't look good. Yeah. Your body just, like, your body just falls. You're. You're. Yeah. Your body, you don't hit your poses as crisp as you were. Like, all right, put an example. When, when Nick came out at the Arnold Classic that he won, you knew you look so good. You came out and you just hit those shots and held them for like five. Yeah. Six seconds. You're like, give me the praise. Give me the adulation. I know I look good. So like, the. The economy of the knowing that you're on can just like make you look in feel better and then perform better. And that's a good point. Yeah, man. And I think that's. I think posing what confidence is what makes the tremendous difference in my opinion. It's like, you know, even with even for him. Like, it's, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's hard to do it, but it's easier to say it. But like, you know, you're like, shit. Just pose like you're the shit anyway, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Are you. Are you. Are you. Are you. Are you. Are you. Yeah. Yeah. It is what it is. You know, so if you still showed that confidence, I. It, you're still going to get your applause. It's the Arnold Schwarzenegger effect. No matter what he looked like he came out like he was a winner every time. Come out there smile. Hit them pose like you mean it, boy. No matter mean that shit. Yeah. Yeah. Please. Just please. That ass. Sorry. You know what we're talking about posing. I've seen a few guys notice this trend lately of like these amateur and amateur posing coaches. They'll make these videos of some of the top pros and they'll break down their posing as if they're doing everything wrong. Have you seen that trend lately? No, I know you see it. I know you see it. I like you. Nick Walker moves feet differently. He can't watch much. Like he doesn't have a posing coach or he doesn't pose with Matt. Every day. Working on these little things that make his ad. Doctors look a little bit better or his ads look a little bit tighter. It boggles my mind. People have these opinions and they think that their opinion needs to be voiced to break down top pros. It just goes very, very nice. Yeah. They do it for the attention, you know. The third thing to go to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. We got anything else guys. I mean we could just shoot the shit all day. Yeah. Yeah. I know. You training today Nick? No, I took off today Wednesdays and Saturdays and Sundays and Tuesdays. I get bodywork done on Wednesdays and Sundays. Nice. That kid that you helped in the gym. I got to say he you probably made his year, man. Just so you know. And as a fan of. I do have a lot of all helping people. I think it's the coolest thing. Only when they listen, obviously though, but like when you see people, like take your advice, it actually apply it, it listen to it. And then you know, it feels good because a lot of the times I'll get DMs or messages and say, hey, you know, I did what you did and it made a tremendous difference. There is like that's such an amazing cool feeling. Like because you don't you don't think like you get into this bodybuilding industry. And you're you're so goal said on just winning winning winning. You don't realize how many people like you actually motivate and inspire. Yeah. You know, so like that because like that's not like you're objective of why you're doing what you're doing, right? Like that's not wish or first thought was. Let me bodybuilding inspire people. I know what fucking things that. So when it happens, you're like, oh, shit. Yeah. When it happens, you're like, oh, shit, like this is fucking awesome. Like so anyone, you know, I love helping people. I think it's the coolest thing. I do. I have no problem taking time out of my day or even stopping my work out for a hot second to explain something that anyone. Yeah, I got one. I'd carry you bother Nick and the gym. Yeah. But I've got to do a proper calf freeze and how to use your bleaks. Yeah, that's not, that's not the guy who did pick a mild. It's for free charge. Yeah. No cost, no cost. I will ask one more here because it was one of our patriens guys and I, I already know how I think all three of us would answer in Nick, but he asked, what helped you to become more disciplined? And what helped? Because my father is just like, we do it because we love it, but I want to hear from you. I mean, I loved lifting, I guess, before I ever loved competing. And I actually had no desire to ever compete, but everyone told me, well, I was in high school, I should probably compete. So I did my first show, like really right out there, high school, and I loved it. And that exceeded any outside noise, anything to distract me. Like, we all know what to say. You sacrificed so much for a frapp, like you miss family events, you miss family or friend outing, you miss so much for this one specific goal, but I didn't care because I knew. Even then, when I was a skinny little shithead, I knew I was eventually going to become Mr. Olympia at the age of 17 years old. So that was the only thing I ever truly focused on. And that was what kept me disciplined. And I just made a fucking video on this about between motivation and discipline. And anyone who says they're motivated, 365, 24, 7's fucking line, like your voice shit. But it's the discipline and consistency that keeps it going. There's mornings even, I wake up and I want to do this cardio and I fuck this. But you get to what? I got an angle, motherfucker. Like, I'm gonna get up and get this shit done. And then once I get it done, I feel better by myself. You know what I mean? So I just think if yours is very in tune or what you want to accomplish, discipline to my opinion should just be there. It is what it is, you know? I figured we all three would say that too. I mean, I would have played the other side just to be an ass, but what would you say, skip? I get angry with what he's saying. I think that the vast majority of the time discipline for most of us doesn't come into play. There are those days like makes that there's no question. But the vast majority of the time we just were so passionate about it, we're so, come on, of the four of us here, anybody listening, isn't the time in the gym itself, aside from the progress or anything else therapeutic? I mean, it is. The only time of my day that I have total control over everything, and no one can really fuck with me in the gym. I'm not going to change anything I'm doing. I'm not going to accommodate anybody. I'm not going to compromise. I'm just going to do what I'm going to do and everything is great. Then I go back to the other 22 hours of the day and I do a chance. I agree. But I also think it's just routine. Like I got my good cardio. Like I don't think twice about it. Right. You know what I mean? Like it's just it is what it is. Yeah. And I do cardio every morning, every morning I do cardio. Okay. And I love it. So it's every morning. I get up 20, 25 minutes right now. You 25 minutes and I do stairs. 25 minutes on stairs. And it starts my day. I feel great every day. It's a good way to let set things up, isn't it? Like you can start. I don't think I missed the day. Honestly, you know. Travel, you want to travel if I have to. I make sure I get it in somehow. Even at the Arnold. I was up at what? Four or five in the morning going to fucking approach gym. No, man. It was crowded, but it was and doing cardio. Yeah, that place was nuts, man. We went out of town to train. We went like took an Uber and went like 30 minutes away. Because it was like five minutes from where I was staying. Yeah. It was like, it was like, I remember Saturday. Yes, Saturday morning. It was like five. I don't know. I'm going to do cardio really fast. It's fine not pat yet. It's a fucking mental health. Oh, yeah. We, we pre-cuz it and they're working out. I might do what are you doing. Yeah. Yeah. You know how to get it in somehow. Like it's five in the morning, bro. Yeah. You see, um, downtown gym that's in the, it's like used to be a bank. I used, yeah, yeah, used to be the powerhouse a few years back. Yeah. But I mean, it was a bank, right? Cause then yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, great. Yep. I think the posing room was like where the Valk was and she was kind of cool. I don't know if it's been downstairs, but there's this like one room that looks, I don't think I've seen anything. There's only three or four pieces in there. Like a squat rack. It's just carry basement. It is. It is. It's kind of a candy get lost. Like I remember getting there. I don't know how to get out of here. I'm like this is amazing. It's a fucking maze down there. I got lost. I don't know. I just need a girl. Where's the bathroom? Where's the bathroom? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I know I'm not a very big guy, but I thought these, these hallways are narrow. I'm not a Nick muscle walking down the sideway. Sideway. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's it. All right. Well, listen, we appreciate your time, man. It is always a blast having you. Always. This is really cool. Thank you. This is one of my favorite podcasts. I don't process it. Still going to work to get your mom and your dad on them. Telling him, we're going to work. I'm going to work. I'm going to work. Unfortunately, I think they get them both on at the same time. We would have to be on a week here. Okay. My dad works over the week. So. Skip will make it worse. I just think they'd be a lot of fun to have on. Well, they especially were out next week and talk. And I can get it off. Oh, God. Get your mom to say some shit. She normally would. Yeah. That's fun. She would too. She would. Yeah. Hey, it's just get them on Saturday night when they've had a few road soldiers for. Yeah. It's a really. Feel white clouds. Yeah, right? People want to pick up and you that merchandise out of the the famous basement. How do they how do they find that stuff? What is it? Well, walk your nation clothing.com, I believe. Walk your nation clothing. I'll find that link. I will put it in the description. You guys go check that out. And they're already following you. They don't even know your Instagram. They're already following you. That's it. We'll put all that down there too. And listen, man. It's like I said, this has been a blast. It is always a freaking honor to have you hanging out with us, man. No, I appreciate it. I love when you guys have me on. So, when I have you guys when we come back, just let me know. All right. That's all. Guys for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear with Coaches. Skip Hill and you bury myself. Scott McNeely. We are joined by Nick Walker and we will see you soon. Thanks guys.