I'm in my element now. I'm back where I belong. I'm alone, but I'm not alone. Zero distractions to my name. I'm focused. Success for me outside of winning obviously would just be being just the best person I can be for the people around me and not being so shut it off. Not being a tech, you know? Like that that I'm like a whole tech but we'll keep on talking. Yeah, I think. Yeah, I want everyone around me to go this purpose fund. So it's just a tool. It's all it is. But even with the GLPs, it's about dosing. You don't want to go so high. They're like, oh, I can't eat. Oh, yes. Dosit to where that's not there. But you're reaping every other benefit from that. Oh, they should definitely hang it up. Everyone's surpassing you on everyone's this. First of all, how do you know, bro? Like, you know what I'm doing. I was like, you think I'm sitting on the couch and I just don't train anymore? Like, I don't understand. And mentally, you know, I'll be honest. Did it actually affect me? Yeah. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. Big round part of the show here with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes, remember, I am mutant.com. Get your ice and surge, get your all in. And everyone, she get on the gear, Dusty and Big round are your codes. And today, we are doing the guess thing, which you people say you really like because otherwise it's just the three of us. No one likes that. No one wants to treat us. We got Nick Walker on the show. Nick, it is fantastic to see you. We just did a reaction to you over on Blood Sweat and Gear. I was invited on that show the other day and we watched one of your videos and we had a good time. I watched it. Yeah, I watched it. Oh, yeah. Very good. If you catch a skipscomment, he looks like I don't want to be. Now, I know he's a real nice guy. Yeah, call me the face of Gary. As you said, I look psychoda. Yeah. You look very intelligent psycho. Yes. Like you're going to like the doctor looks like glasses. Yeah, you did the formulas, but you're psycho. Yeah. Yeah. So just, let's talk about your training first, Nick. You get a lot of people talking about your training. Obviously, you're probably get tired of talking about it because the way you train looks a little different than how you used to train or how a lot of other guys are training right now. And I hear people mention it constantly. We did the reaction based on your training there. But how is the body feeling? It obviously is responding. Everything looks good. It's going great. The body feels fresh. The thing is like, I listen, I love training balls to the wall heavy. I mean, there's just no, this is really. No fun or feeling. You just pick it up some heavy shit and throw it in around. And I think he got me to a certain level. And then I just think my body, I don't want to say stalled, but like it was okay, what I'm doing, I have a lot of weed points. So what I'm doing obviously isn't working. So I have to switch it up a little bit. And that kind of where I adopted the type of training that I do now. And that just kind of began to build up every weed point that I really had. I'm being the key word. Yeah. I don't think there's a weed. There's no left. I mean, regardless of how things went at, you know, you did a couple of shows there. Yeah, the one was at about as close of a call as they can get technically. I mean, we all know the truth on that. And then you did the other show right away and smoked that one. But the consistent thought between how you looked at both of those shows was that you were the biggest and best you had ever been. So that tells me that, you know, the instinctual stuff you're doing in the gym is paying off. Oh, yeah. I mean, well, the demon said what I weigh. I think it's for I was 264. Then New York, I was actually even a little lighter. I was 262. Okay. Nice. How is that weight compared to your other shows? So the last show I did was New York pro prior the following year. And I think I was 256, 57. Okay. So your your up no matter what. Yeah. If you came down to be in better condition even, you're still up and away. Yeah. Yeah. So training, one of the comments we got on that show was, well, you know, Nick didn't get this way doing this kind of, this isn't what built the muscle. And we hear that all the time. You know, see the thing that bothers me about comments like that is, yeah, to agree you're correct. But training this way has me building again. So obviously it builds muscle. And who's to say, if I didn't start this way, I wouldn't be better where I'm at than where I am today. Like, well, never know, you know, the, as we younger, what do we talk? Like lift fucking heavy. We're not taught form and all this connection shared and what it's going to do and everything else. We're just told to pick some shit up. Yeah. You know what I think once you get down to learn and mastering that skill, being able to connect with the muscle, so fucking severely, you realize like you don't need that type of poundage because it's only going to fuck up your joints in the long run. Because now I do my wake up in the morning, I just train legs. Now after I did I wake up in the morning, my quads are sore. But I have zero like joint pain, knee pain. Like I haven't had any type of pain in my knees for since I switched to the style of training. Yeah. Yeah, that's wild man. And that's kind of what I was getting at. I want to do that. I got to use like the knee wraps anymore. I don't use nothing anymore. That's the big one though that comes up is like, while he didn't, he didn't. It used that kind of training to get this way, you know. Yeah. If you could go back and like you said, we can't go back, but if you could go back, what would you have done differently, you know, if you could start it again? If I could redo it, I would train exactly the way I'm training right now. Oh, okay, right on. Because I would just be curious to see if, if, if I would be why Matt today, or ahead, or not even close to why I'm Matt today, you know what I mean? Like, I would just be very curious. So when, when I see training, I've had something that I've got with some of my clients as well that I think would be obviously better heard from you, which is, I think when people see slow training, the only thing they think of is that the weight is moving slow. They're not thinking about the fact that you're engaging the target muscle to slow the negatives, to push the positives, you know. So yeah. Is that something that you've had to kind of explain to people along the way, too? Because as you know, you can just slow it down, but what is making the weight move? It's the same idea in reverse. That's so that it's funny, you bring that up because I actually, I posted a squat video, a high squat video I just did on my TikTok. And like, I got my ass shoot out by like all the little fucking schmuck kids. They're like, oh, that's not failure. He's not even shrub one. He's not there. And unlike, I actually made a rebuttal video that one of the kids. And I think, yeah, it makes it looks like it's easy. I said, but I promise you, if I put you through this type of set, you would probably be crying. Right. I said, you have to develop that skill to be able to connect so hard with a muscle that, yeah, it looks easy. It looks like I did a struggle. It looks like I did a go to failure. But trust me, my legs were frobbing. Really bad. And yeah, could I go on it? And I've also learned going to failure, which works for some. I would see a lot of people. I learned to kind of not do that anymore. Like whole like a rebuttal in. And just do like another set or two. And I have learned, obviously, that creates for me less fatigue over time. But it also allows more stimulant on the muscle. Versus is just taking one set, all out failure, and possibly get a risk injury. Now of course, there's a recovery factor. You know, I don't want you to do all this volume in one session. And then you got lazy again, you know, whatever Friday, you know, like I'm still f***. Because this is like very, it's also a very fatigue. You've never done it in the sense of how slow the eccentric reps are. That's very demanding period. But once your body adapts to it, you're able to start doing more and more and more. Like I always tell people, like if you want to try it, like literally do one set of like 15 reps, basically shot just shy of failure or just reaching that mechanical failure for all your exercises. And if you do it right, you'll be sore as f*** the next day. Hands down. How how how how how fussy are you about your actual training volume. Like, you know, some guys they like, they're, they got the chart out today as five working set to chest. I would not do a six no matter what. I would like it's fine. No, like how are you and you're in the gym or you're thinking about like what you're supposed to be doing or you're training by feel more. It's always, so I have like obviously like my set workouts, my set exercises. But I'm not married to it. Like if I go to it, like let's just say like on a like day, my first exercise is seated like correct. Let's just say it's not worth it. I'm just not feeling it. I'm not going to get this and go off. I'll just go do something else that could make up for it like you know, lying like hers or just some, or maybe a go try a difference. See the like girl. Maybe if I'm just not messing with this one today. Right. But no, I've never like married to it. I tell this to everybody because I feel like that just f***s a lot of people up. Like I always say like training away your supposed to train, but training supposed to be the fun part. No matter what, training is supposed to. If you're not having fun, you're not going to progress. And I always use laser as an example. But like let's just say for example, you have three exercises. We're just just to simplify it. You got C to Lake girl, ladies, then shins, hackswap, right? You do your whatever you need to do on C to Lake girl, you do it. You go to the hacksquap now. And let's just say you get to your first set. F***ing was a bagging set. You're always supposed to do chore 3 though, right? You do the second set. F***ing phenomenal. Thought amazing. You do the third set. Felt even better. Harder but better. I do another bro. Just keep going. Why stop? If it feels good, just keep f***ing. You never know. You can go to your next exercise and it doesn't feel right. And if a lot of people are like, fuck, this exercise felt so good. I don't know why it stopped. And it's like, you don't have to. There's the next, yeah, I thought it would work out. It's a marketing where I just done two exercises. I've done a C to Lake girl for like four or five sets. And then a half-squat for five sets. My legs are smolking, but I'm going home. Yeah. I don't need to do more. Are you log in this stuff? So if I log my workouts, yeah. But if I do what I just said there, I won't necessarily log it. Because I kind of went out of the log book itself. But I will write did five sets here and did do this. You don't even mean. Yeah. I just, I don't think you should ever be married to something. You know, if something just feels good, just keep going. Why do you have to stop? You know? Sounds like your cold play concert. Sorry. Feels good. You feel good. You feel good. All right. Are you the type of guy that'll train like, you don't know a training partner right now, DNA? No, I don't really like training partners. I like the train to alone. So you train alone. No, I trained alone for a lot of my competitive years. But I would always train at a certain time a day. So there was all the guys around that could spot me on, you know, press and stuff. Are you guys like that? No, somebody. You got to have your, well, like I had to have like the guys around her because yeah. And I had everyone in the gym trained on how to spot me. Yeah. Right? Because I, you know how to spot me. Can I get spot, you know? Yeah. Are you like that now? Do you still get spots of people or are you kind of, I actually don't like to be spotted? Because like I said, I don't train anymore. So we're like, it's different change of the world. I don't do force reps. I'm not doing anything when I'm done. I'm done. I wrong you. Yeah. And I also don't, excuse me. I also don't really do much like freeway shit. Don't about, you know, I love done about, so I'll do that. But as far as you know, freeway barbell, I have it like really done any of those and years. I just go to the Smith. So for me, I don't really need a spot, you know, all on the Smith anymore. And like I said, I just with the way I train, it's just, if I'm not going to do that, I can just do another set. I don't want somebody to touch my fucking bar, you know, I don't touch me. I don't touch my bar. Yeah. What time of day do you normally train? Is it gym busy when you're in there? No, man. I go around 1 p.m. When everyone's at work. And there's just like the ones that obviously don't work, they're the hard core bodybuilders that are some trouble. I just want to do a little bit of gym work. Yeah. All that one a clock crew, the dormant from all the. Oh, yes. Not too busy, not too hot. Just the right amount of people. You feel good. You feel great. You work out of it. Now, how do you feel? You know, you say tough times don't last tough people do, right? And you've had a couple of huge setbacks. I mean, I mean, we're going back a couple of years in a row, right? Yeah. And now here you are kind of at your best. And all of that seems to be behind you. Like it seems like so long ago now that you missed the. Oh, like, but right, it seems like it was ages ago, but it was really just recent. How do you feel? How far away does it feel to you and how excited are you this year? I, so I'm obviously very excited. I feel like, you know, if I'm going to be completely transparent, I do feel like this is the year, you know, and I, the only time, I'm always confident everyone knows this, right? But the last time, like I had this type of feeling where I'm like, oh, like I really fucking feel it this year was the year I tore my fucking hamstring. So I don't know if that's a good, I don't know if that's good luck or bad luck for me, you know. Right. But that was like the only year that like, I'm like, there's no one. That I feel can beat me right now. Right. Right. I was like, granted everywhere. And I just kind of have that same feeling going into it now. With how my conditioning is being 290 pounds with the way I look with the way, you know, we were going to bring my waist to even more, like I just feel like everything, you know, nothing would kind of jinx it here, but everything just kind of going the way it needs to go. Yeah. What were you doing when you when you tore your hamstring? What happened there? That's nothing. I just stood up. Oh, fuck. You weren't even telling that. All bodybuilders do it. Yeah. No, people ask you to like, what were you doing? I was thinking like, I don't know. Five plates. I don't think it's or something. No. But also, but and again, I always tell them Jim. Pin out. Yeah, right. I always tell this to people because they always just focus on the hamstring. I tore my calf on the other leg too. Hmm. That's the same day. You kidding. I didn't even know that. Yeah. Do you guys know that? So like, I didn't. So I didn't know exactly the hamstring was torn. I just stood up. Yeah. I felt like a very sharp pain. And I'm like, what the? Flaw. And I just kind of kept doing my workout. And like as the workout was going on, the pain just became sharper and sharper and sharper. And being the dude, right? I don't like, well, I've finished my fucking workout. I'm not, you know. I would deal with this tomorrow. I'm only doing shoulders. You know, like three of this next bra. I'll bear the pain. Yeah. Right. So it's like, at the end, I was like, well, I got an adwabs, right? So I was doing, hanging leg races. And I was trying to baby this, the hamstring leg. So I came down on the other one and missed my foot placing and I heard a pop in my calf. Oh, God. And I'm like, fuck me dude. Yeah, right? No. So we heard his hamstring standing up and his calf doing abs. Yeah. Wonderful. Wonderful. What's up? Hey, I would have changed my training, too. Yeah. Right. Just doing leg races anymore. And you'll look at it. That is serious. Look at everything I was doing. It was crazy. It's like, I, even with it, if I never like, fucking calf, I was still so confident. That's like, I'll, I'll do it. I'm still going on stage with this hamstring. I don't give a shit. Right. I was just like, I think he put the other one. Yeah. The calf I couldn't walk dude. Like it was, and it, and like his, my right leg, which is where the calf was, is like, the leg I kicked back to flex to hamstring, the glue for the back. I couldn't do it. I literally couldn't stand on it. So I'm like, this fucking sucks dude. And I remember, because like, when it happened, at the time, in my ex, we would just watch my leg every hour, just get more breeze and more swollen. Oh, it's a worse feeling. So, and we went at the time, we were sent pictures to Matt every hour. Right. Because, and he'd be like, it's fine. Just we're, we'll see him in Florida. Well, we'll get it worked on. It's good. And me and her would just look at each other. And she's like, I was saying good, this, like, it's a little work. But he's just trying to be like, yeah. And the stand-up pocket is, he's like, now we're good. I promise we're good. And I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, they were not. We're not good at all. So we get to Florida. I mean, I still went. We get it worked on. I think it was like the second day I was there. It just, it just wasn't. I couldn't walk. It was just how it worked. I was just wasn't happening. So I remember it was like, Wednesday night. I think it was. Maybe even a Tuesday night. I finally threw it on the towel. I went to the massage guy. And he's working on it for like 45 minutes to one hour. He's making a worse. Just ripping it off. I think it's probably. Right? So he's actually get up. And he's like, can you like try to hit a back double? And I'm like, okay, so like I tried and basically fell. So then he's like, he helps me. He's like sit, just sit down. So I sit down. And he looks at me. Then the face and he goes, I didn't want to be the one to have to do this, but I don't think you're going to make it, bro. And like I knew at the whole time, but it was like being told. Yeah. You're just, you just got the confirmation you didn't want to hear. Yeah. So like that was it. Like I just broke down. Like that was it. I thought I remember texting Matt earlier the next morning. And I'm like, this isn't going to happen, bro. I think we both know this. And he just replied, it was just like, Yeah, he's like, just if you want, like we're all going to meet in the gym in the hotel. If you want to just come hang out for a few minutes. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, I find. And it was just like one of those weeks where it was just this, it was like a weakful of disappointment, you know. Well, so I, I have this weird macabre sort of fascination with this incident. So sorry for bringing back the memories. But this is something I think about it. This is something you're just a drug you threw. I got to ask you one more question because like, you know, we all dreamed. We all dreamed all of us dreamed of going to the Olympia, right? Yeah. I was smarter not to go have the, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and obviously the nightmare of pulling out of a show is something that everybody builder understands if you never had to do it. You still get it. You're like, oh, God, what a waste of time. What a feeling of waste. That must have been your in Vegas. It's not going to happen. Orlando or Lando, right, you're in Orlando. It's not going to happen. How do you actually handle that? Do you say the, the woman at the time to go, let's go get the best pizza in Orlando? Whoa. Yeah, like what exactly is the first thing you do to actually fish and the prop? You know what I mean? Like, I'll give you a play by place since you want to. I do. It was, it was early the morning and it, and once so I had, I made like all the phone calls to like the man in Is another, let them know like I'm, right? So the phone calls come first. Yeah, absolutely. Bizzle, I like that. And even then, like I still don't fully think like it's like sat that I'm not in it yet, right? Yeah. So like, you know, Matt looks at me. We're outside. And he just taps on the shoulder and he goes, You Maria just, just go to breakfast, man. Just, just go east. So I'm like, okay. Right. So we don't eat. I've got to, I've been, I didn't give a shit. I might fuck. Okay. So hotel breakfast is out there. Even if I, I'll get back to it, but even if I fast forward, I ate so much shit. The entire, but the best part was like, I didn't have to go through like the whole water manipulation shit. Right. And I ended up losing a shit ton of weight from my body. He was like, what the fuck is this, Jib? Right. You don't actually get a reason. That's the fuck. You gain the weight. And I'm losing. This is awesome. Yeah. Well, so we get back into it. And then that's what we're going back to the hotel. We may like the video. Me putting out that I'm not in it. And it's still like, it still wasn't like, I wasn't, it wasn't like sticking. That is, I'm not doing it yet. So obviously everyone was very concerned because then I don't know if you've Remember seeing the pictures, like the bruising was just everywhere. And everyone was like, I think I did touch them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if I want you flying. So we should get a number. I just to be sure. Like a blood clot, you mean? Yeah. So I'm like, no, I'm good at it, bro. I didn't want it. I'm like, no, I'm good. I'll be honest. I'm like, no, I'm good. And he's like, no, I think we should just be safe. Yeah. I'm like, what I don't okay. Fine. So it's like after I went to the expo, I think Friday. Yeah, it was Friday. And then Friday night, like an hour before pre-judging, I had a go get the MRI, which was that was boring as fuck. They had to do like an hour on each for the hamstring and the calf. I get out the first time. And I'm like, oh, God fucking done. And he goes, do you need to pee or eat or anything? I might for what I do. He's like, you gotta go back in. Oh, man. So when I realized you fit in the tube, that was your body. But I'm like, I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, we have to do the calf now. I said you could and capture both on few feuds. I just sat there for an hour. He's like, no, he's playing it. But like, oh fuck me dude. So he go back in about a time. And then like where we got the MRI done. It was like 45 minutes for like where I was staying. So at the time we got there, we missed pre-judging. So we didn't miss it. But like I just like, I'm not going. I just want you to go. I'm not going. So then it was like, we washed it on the live stream. Just chilling and then sat at the rolls around. We go with the XBO for a little bit. I'm like, all right, I know we're going to go to finals. And I think it was like two hours. I'm just sitting in the chair. And I just like, I think I just had like my real breakdown. I got like so upset. So fucking angry. I'm like yelling, screaming, fussing like a crybaby. Goin crazy. I think it was like I'm about to go to finals in a fucking wheelchair. And watch a show that I was so confident I was going to fucking win. But I'm sitting in that wheelchair looking at everyone and getting more upset that I would have walked everyone's fucking ass. So I'm like, but that was like, I think right before we left, like I just had like that, that full breakdown. Wow. I remember seeing you. I remember seeing you at the show in the chair. Yeah, it was wild. It was not Halloween vision my week going. And like you're the type of guy where I would normally like, hey, I was going Nick, you know, but like I remember thinking like, I don't know what to say to Nick. Yeah, I don't know what to do. I'm like, I'm like an ass guy. You know, hey, how's it going? How's it going? How's it going? How waiting for you? I'm trying to go hard not to be rude to be so good. I don't want to be rude to people, but they would ask you like, how you feeling? I'm like, I'm feeling, bro. I'm a kill-it-be a rouse. Most of me on stage, no fucking wheelchair. What? I don't know if you would. I know if you don't know what to say, but like that's not the right thing to say. Just leave them alone. Just tap me on the shoulder and say it's okay and keep them all there. Well, it's up. You know what I mean? You're going to be like, look at the block. Listen, Nick, people have a need. A need to say something and don't know how, and I'm just going to make you feel better here. So my father died committed suicide, December 8th. The day after Christmas, the day after Christmas, a girl comes up to me and she goes, hey, how was your first Christmas after your dad died? Oh, shit. Well, it was okay until you just brought it up. I wanted to put my hand on her shoulder go. Would you like a doover? Yeah. Do you want to like, break in? You know, I could erase this if you want to do over it. I'll forget every just at that and we could redo this moment. Wow. What did you learn from all of that, Nick? Like, come in from there back to where you're at today, because I just feel like man, that would have to give you, I'm thinking, like such an appreciation. You know what I'm saying? That's why we had to talk about it. Because we know how you're doing. It allowed me to, well, for one, it allowed me to realize a lot about myself. I'm more resilient than I thought I was. Because as much as that broke me, that also made me. And I didn't allow it to destroy me. I mean, honestly, do like, I got home. I was back to training, the day I got home. I was training in half strings again four weeks later. I did care. I was injecting TB 500 and BPC, one for the seven, like a whole bottle on my leg every other day. I just, I didn't care. I wanted this to heal and I did everything and everything. I possibly could think of to make it go by faster. You know, despite even like all the other personal issues, I had going on even outside of that within the same time frame. I just, I didn't allow things to really distract me of what I need to get done. But it also allowed me to appreciate more of what I've accomplished already. It allowed me to be more appreciative of what I have, where it versus what I don't have. And I think it allowed me to be, it allowed me to enjoy the process. Instead of being so locked in and invisible. You know what I mean? Because here's the thing, everyone knows me. I'm locked in. I don't bother me. I'm like, I'm that person. Yeah. And you would agree. I still am. But I also, I also had a realized like you can't always be that way. Like you can. Just don't, just don't be like, don't block everyone else out. Like you can have a life. You can be full. You can enjoy. You can make the process enjoyable. We know it sucks, right? But it only sucks if you think that way. So I developed this whole new mindset of like, look man, like you be thankful. You're doing what you're, you'd love to do. How do you many people make it to this level? Yeah. So, you know, as much as my goal is to win. And you need to still have that selfishness within you. The matter what? And just learn to appreciate and enjoy that you get to wake up every day and be able to work out in, trainfully in the field. Yeah. With that, that's great. Process. And this is something that bothered me personally watching your watching you. I don't want to use word come back because you got injured. But how did it feel for you watching people after this went down, you know, these couple incidents doubt you. And I just found it interesting because it was the same thing that happened with Jay. He had one, he lost the Olympia and then everyone just wrote him off. Like his career was over. And the same thing happened to you to the point we've joked about it on the show before. Like, oh, well, Nick should just retire then. I mean, he's, it's over, you know. So how did you, you know, I mean, obviously I know it doesn't affect your progress. But does it shock you that how quickly everyone turned their back? And then, of course, once you reminded them who the fuck you were, how quickly they came back. That's the internet for you. You know what I mean? And I go two ways with that like, it's one thing, right? Like, I don't, I give you what I miss this a month. Be it this past one that just happened. Everyone's like, oh, Nick should definitely hang it up. Everyone's surpassing you on everyone's this. Yeah. First of all, how how do you know, bro? Like, you know what I'm doing? I'm, you think I'm sitting on the couch and I just don't train anymore. Like, I don't understand. You know, and mentally, you know, I'll be honest. Did it actually affect me? Yeah. You know, without a doubt. It affected me more this past Olympia than it did to the last one. Because in my, the last one was an injury, right? Like, you can't, there's not a safe. You know, you got hurt. Like, this one was mentally more fucked up because there's things that definitely didn't need to happen, obviously. And I led to some not good stuff. So when I got ridiculed, that one just mentally fucked me pretty bad. I'll be honest for a couple of months. And it took me a while actually to kind of regain that confidence again. Because I remember, before me and Kyle leaned up, I'm like, oh, should we do the Arnold? And he's like, no, he's like, not at all. And I'm like, why? Oh my god, I'm not. Oh my god, you mean, you tell me, no, my wife. And he's like, well, one, I need to learn your body a little bit. And two, we need to get the size back that you kind of lost. So I'm like, ah, fair enough. I get that. So then we had that all season. Obviously, yeah, I think we put the size on back, rather quicker than I think he thought we were going to. Because I got up to like almost 3-10. And for that all season, before we started, yeah. But it wasn't like it. It was a decently good like 3-10, you know. Yeah. So then, you know, even start in the prep. Like it was a slow start. And I just, because I just wasn't. I had other stressors in my life too. And I think I would say, you know, how mental game is. If not everything's target things just aren't going to go as you plan from the start. So things were just very slow from the beginning. And I was just not, I was truly just doubting myself. And obviously, having a new coach that's a completely different method than what I'm used to. It wasn't mine fuck in itself. But I'm, I'm one to follow it, you know. I'm not going to question it. And I think it was. Honestly, dude, it wasn't pride to where I like 10, 12 weeks out. We're okay. I started to finally things were moving. We're, we're good. And I feel good. And I remember texting, kind of. And I'm like, you like, bro, I'm starting to feel good again. And he's like, well, did you ever doubt me? And I'm like, yeah, it was so good. Hold on. It's interesting. Since we started, you know, I'm like, I'm not going to lie. But honestly, I think what really just gave me what I needed was at the time. Like, some of the personal shows going through I was hanging out with my friend De Nillo, like every day. I was going to was house, literally after training. I'd go right to a house and hang out. And he told me him and his girl were like, look, bro, like, we're not going to be here for like the home of it. Like, a bro, we're going to go. We have traveling that we have to do. So I don't, he's like, maybe you should like go home and finish the prep in home. So you're good. You're not alone. And I'm like, huh. Yeah, why not? I mean, cows and jerseys. Fuck it. Why not? So I think at this point, I don't know, it was like seven weeks out maybe six. Soon as I got home, I texted Kyle. I said, look, don't change nothing to the plant. Yeah? I said, I'm alone now, but I'm surrounded by people almost comfortable with. I said, I promise you, my body's going to start changing daily. I said, just trust me. I know what I'm doing. I said, you want me to trust you? Trust me right now. And he's like, all right. He was like, dude, what the fuck? Like, because at the time at seven weeks out, I was sent out of pictures Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And every, he was just like, what's happening? I said, I'm in my element now. I'm back where I belong, I'm alone, but I'm not alone. Yeah. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Yeah. And I'm doing what I want to do right now with zero distractions to my name. I'm focused. And dude, we didn't change like, literally, he didn't change the diet at all. Probably like, it was probably not a week out when I was at his house. And we just sat at the push a little harder for the fuck of it. But from when I got home and so like, we didn't change the diet once. No kidding. That's always nice. That's what I felt that the stress level came down so much. It's like every Friday and Saturday was a high day. I do high days in a row. And then we go back to that every, I would just my body was just, give it a go. Give us an idea what that means for everyone out there that's. Counting their macros all the time and dieting for their shows and doing a high day. I always say environments, everything. Mind sets, everything. The moment you're in an environment that keeps you at peace. Yeah. You're surrounded by people that bring you peace and everything else. Just falls right into place. And you're golden. We talk about how everything you take in and allow in is also part of your diet. I get to honestly, and I, I, I, I stage so true to this. Your body follows mine, man. Like it's that's not, that's like a kind green thing, you know. It sounds very, you know, but like it's, it's so true. If you're always spiring on up here all this negative shit, your body's going to look like door shit. You, you could, you could, you're probably could be not the best. You're training to be shit, but if you up here, you're fucking happy. You go lucky. You're enjoying everything. Your body's probably going to respond. You're going to look decent. Okay. You know what I mean? Like the moment you're just chilling and having fun again, everything just kind of goes the way it needs to go. I think we've all, all of us as coaches have seen both sides of that as a coach, where you have the guy who has all the tools, but you realize your job isn't to make him look good. He already looks amazing. Your job's to make sure he doesn't ruin it all for himself. Unfortunately, he courses are not in the hotel room. Well, that's what I'm saying. Unfortunately now, with social media as it is, you, you as coaches now are like therapists. Like you have to be, even if you don't want to be, you have to be. Because you can have, you can have a client that's like this motherfucker is, and it'll have to be a potential. But he's like this, you know what I mean? Now your job isn't to, John, but what do you eat? It's, you know, kind of the fuck down, bro. Like you're good. Like what do we need to talk about? Open up, you know? Yeah. Deep compress, please. Let me tell me your thoughts. Yeah. You know, that space, that's kind of what's become now. Hey, let me ask you. So, you know, you said that it obviously took step-in-out side of your comfort zone to work with Kyle. And you said things were different. Can you give us an example of maybe like one thing in his methodology that was like maybe like, I haven't done this. I'm going to give it a try, but I don't know if this is really going to work because it's not something I've done before. Um, can we try? I just hope you can. You know, the diet. It was, it was, um, a lot less variables. We'll say, oh, God. Okay. Yeah. Like a lot less. It's amazing. It's street forward. Yeah. I like that. I like that. Staying in rice. God it. That's literally. That was pretty much. All right. Just to take a Costco card. Let's go. Yeah. Everyday. Yeah. I heard you talk about GLP's recently and that you've used those in the diet. I didn't hear. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just about it. I am the biggest fan of the GLP now. I will stay on that for year round. I think it not even from what I think it can do for people, but from my health standpoint. Yeah. I think it is the most amazing, fucking thing I've ever seen in my life. And I also stay true to that as to also why, you know, we didn't make any diet drastically changes neither. But side being at peace, you know, which I obviously think that's a huge component. My body was just, I couldn't understand it because cardio, cardio wasn't crazy for me. It wasn't out of the normal from what I'm used to. But normally the food wouldn't get lower than what it was. Yeah. I can do as frequent high days, you know, like we did. But I'm like, as much as I'm enjoying it, like I'm also like, I'm not a fucking, I'm not a my piece and all that shit now. But like something's not like this is weird dude. Yeah. And I realized the only different variable that was in place was the retitude type. All right. So that's the one you like. Did you try some of the other ones? I don't know. I've tried to interpret that. Now, now I become a geek on these, like, wholeheartedly now. I think these are a big game changer for a lot of people. And I think it can keep prep on the safer end where you don't have to use a lot of, you know, let's say a lot of T3, you know, where a lot of cland. It can keep you from pushing those does. Now, I have used, I have done a big experiment, which is appetite. I have used and I use retitude type for majority of that prep. And doing a lot of research, I also have found that a lot of people would prefer. And this is all going to be some people's, you know, on the top of the table is when all that other shit and their responses. Some people actually prefer to accept that. Okay. Simply because it does everything that retitude type does. It just doesn't have that extra geek gun factor, which, you know, obviously burns more energy and burns more fat purposely. Yeah. Well, the reason he is is because I think for some people that extra antagonist. I think it backfired on some people, where I think it actually, because they may have been not a good spot already when starting it. That it kind of stressed the body out more. Okay. Versus, chusepti, it doesn't have it. So it's more of like a steady, it's a steady thing where it lowers your blood sugar. It lowers your anyway. It does everything that it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, renter type does, but just doesn't have that extra factor that could probably overdrive you and make you more stressed a little bit. And obviously, it, it dosing is dependent. Sure. And a lot of people would also say, I felt less inflamed on chusepti. Yeah. Versuspti, right? Oh, really. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Because you got to think of it, right? There's, it's a three antagonist. Right. Whereas, there's appetite directly focuses on two main things, which are going to be your sensitivity and probably the inflammation that goes on in your body. So if those are your main issues, I would say that's the one you want. Like if you don't really care about that, because the reality is, you know, with the studies, like there, I don't get fuck what anyone says. There's not much of a big difference between the two, as far as how much fat you burn. Because, you know, especially as a bodybuilder, I don't, you know, especially in the offseason, I mean, I don't give a fuck to burn fat right now. I want to stay lean, but I'm not, you know, and if there's appetite, keep my A1C and insulin sensitivity and all that in check, you're really not going to give fat anyway. So what, you know what I mean, which I think is, I'm, I'm proven factor of this, as we speak. But, and that's why I hate all the rumors. All it burns muscle. Oh, oh, does it? Are we sure? We're not sure if Walker's diet. Yeah, you know what I mean? But this is, this is what gets to me, right? They're like, oh, yeah. It burns muscle. It does this. Yeah, if you're not fucking eating, bro. Right. That's what you're saying. You can take it a abundance of drugs. If you're in a calorie deficit for too long, doing three hours of cardio, guess what? You're going to bring muscle. It's the same fucking day. Yeah. So it's just a tool that's all it is. But even with the GLPs, it's about dosing. You don't want to go so high. They're like, oh, my God, I can't eat. Oh, yeah. Dosit to where that's not there. But you're reaping every other benefit from it. Right. 100%. Man. Yeah. Like, because even for me, I don't have it. But like, I don't have the food noise. I don't crave nothing. I got all. Yeah. Like, that's gone. I eat. And I'm chillin. I don't like, I'm not starting between meals neither. But when it's time to eat, I'm golden. I mean, I'm done in five minutes. Now I go back to doing what I'm doing. And I like that because I, we all know in prep. Like, you kind of look at the clock a lot. I don't, I don't ever do that. I'm like, oh, shit. It's time to eat. Also. Yeah. So it's not, it's not just your hunger is shut down a bit. But because your blood sugar is so controlled and so level, you also feel like you don't have cravings. So it's not just hunger. It's cravings. Yeah. Is that what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. And I just think he's like, I have less brain brain fun. Yeah. I feel more like my anxiety's like way down. Like, I just feel fucking good. My trainings exploded. My strengths going up pumps are insane still. So I think when you got these people that make videos like, oh, it's not meant for body building. Ah. How do you know, bro? Have you done it? Yeah. How popular do you think it is with pros at your level? Because a lot of guys at your level aren't talking about what they're doing. Well, it's, to me, it's like drugs, right? Like, and that all of us talk about it. But I feel like a lot of us do it. Yeah. I, I think it's. I like to think I started that hype train a little. I think all the first bodybuilder to say, I use red or true tide. Right. Right. I can't imagine. I said this on Blood Sweat and Gear the other day. And it was a trip that guys agreed with me. But I said that I thought red or true tide from what I'm hearing. I, because, you know, I've cynical. I've seen every drug come and go and every subject. Yeah. This is the latest greatest thing. And then, you know, two years later, you're like, Where's all the GHRP6? Yeah. Yeah. I think it's more right. But I think this one, this one's going to stick around. Because it seems like people are having an easier time dieting. So, and this is where, like, as bi builders, right? Like, here's, I'm going to try and word this nicely. But I can't really. These GLP drugs such as be honest, like, they're meant for fat people. Yeah. Like, let's just call it for words. It's very nice. So, when you hear these people, you know, all I run 15 milligrams, but I run this, I maxed out the dose. Yeah. Yeah. Because you're fat and not active. And all you want is the appetite of precedent, right? When you're a bodybuilder, we're, we're, we're, aren't daily activities changing yearly. Like, we're in off season. So, now we're chilling, even food, we're in front. I don't think we can ever truly get accustomed to a certain dose because that how different the activity truly is. Yeah. But I know a lot of people in prep, they'll push it a little higher, so they get more, I started running a true time. They want more of the fat burning part. They want more of a little bit of the appetite of precedent, so they're not starving in between meals. But in the all season, go, go, literally, just do like a maintenance dose, that which is dependent for everyone, where they're reaping still all the health benefits from it. They're still burning a little bit of fat. They're still keeping their A1 skin check. And they, they fucking get huge and stay lean. I'm not sure I see it down the side here. Right. And they, what you're talking about too, like none of these guys, even when they are pushing a little bit more, they're not doing from what I've seen my experience has been like still tiny. These are small doses. Dude, I'm not a stop. A reddish, true tide. This is not not even kidding. I was legit right under two milligrams. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a big microdoser. I don't like to do big shots at once, especially something that could suppress my appetite, because it's fucked me. I'm like, well, I don't have long-shrift laughs. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I rather microdose to where like, let's just say one day, I'm like, the next day, I could just really lower it or just not take it that day, and then I'm golden to following day. The moment you think it took a bit of a dose, I'm just going to last you for a few fucking days. You know what I mean? Yeah. I messed around with it too, and tried, okay, but what happens if I do like a once a week dose versus a daily or an average? Yeah. Yeah. I just, I, I, 100% in agreement with you, but I wanted to try it for myself to see, of course, you know, what would you get out of a one week dose? And I found that I got a really strong effect with the weekly dose for a first few days, and then it started to taper. It does all. Yeah. That's why I feel like with the microdose, it does it where off. But you're also not getting crazy side effects from it. Yeah. And when Nick's talking about under two milligrams, we're talking the, the research is being done on four, eight, and two. Yeah, dude. Because I was literally doing, I'm with you, 100%. I was doing, so it was a point, point two five every morning, which I think is like 1.75 milligrams for the week. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's good. Yeah. Yeah. Like that was, that was my dose. It's good. That reaction we did with of you, skip was talking later about his issues with it. It's like he was struggling to load, you know, and I have found there is a little bit of a difference with that at the end. Did you guys pull it by the way, coming into the show at all? You just left it, let it ride, and you were able to load no problem. I wrote the whole question. I wrote the whole way. Okay. Yeah. And I think that they're going to the dosing you're using, you know? Yeah. I didn't have any issues. If I thought there was a problem, I didn't like let's pull it a few days out. Yeah. Yeah. But honestly, I just, I felt great. I had no issues. I had no issues getting full. I had no issues staying full. So I just, we just sort of like, he didn't, he was like, do you feel fine? I'm like, yeah, he's like, all right, don't pay nothing. Okay. Yeah. So the name of the game in every final week. If you feel and look good, leave it alone. Yeah. And as far as I'm concerned, there's like no, there's no rebound effect from reddit through the tie. But I like, oh shit, I'm hungry again. But yeah. You know, that's like coming out of a prep, right? Like you get on the binge eating. Like that's your problem. That's not the drug problem. Sure problem. You know? Yeah. Hey, rapid fire. What do you guys say? We have some. Yeah. I've got a bunch here. You've got some too. All right. Yeah. Let's take you with some rapid fires, Nick. All right. Okay. Some of these are, some of these are better than others. Okay. Okay. Okay. If they made an action figure out of you, what accessories would you come with? Glasses. I mean, yeah, glasses. A little bottle of reddit true tied. No. Yeah. I got my little bottle hanging off my chest. You got it on a chain. Maybe it's on a chain. I got it. Yeah. I got three rings. Just chill out your ring. The rings would have to be there. Yeah. I would want I would definitely want to hold like a samurai sword. Oh, just for no reason. Just walk around the gym. I want to hold a samurai sword. You know. So he comes with this sword. Okay. Yeah. Why? Why do you want it? Yeah. Just for the whole day, bro. I've got this one. What's the strangest reaction you've ever gotten in public? Like airport grocery store. Or somewhere that's like not body building. Oh, so I was I was outside of a restaurant. And like I had that there was like this this girl. This this one of the reasons was it was very funny. And she walks past me and they're like little British accent. She goes. Fucking huge. Ha ha ha ha ha. You said it nowhere. Yeah. Literally. She was just eye me up. And I like saw her. I had the corner of my eye. And she just screamed that. I just started dying. I was funded funny when people. You know how like a guy like you most people say oh, that's a body builder. Yeah. But then you get the odd person that doesn't quite understand. Like they would maybe maybe say you had a hoodie on. They might say, or you are wrestler or are you a NFL player or something. You know, you got the weird like the. Yeah. Is there anything you get that's you get football players? I don't know. I would get. You're going to put it a lot. I would get NFL. I couple times I got WWE. Yeah. That's what city you're into. You know, if you're in one of those cities that has all the teams. You know, you know what I love. I love when like. You have people that come up to you. They're like really, really nervous. And they just asked you like the dumbest fucking question. Yeah. Like I had one guy. I just this one was just it made me laugh so hard. And I felt bad. But I just couldn't help but laugh. I was at the I'm out of jail and training and he comes up to me. He goes, What are you doing at the gym? I'm like, excuse me. He's like, what are you doing at the gym? I'm training. He goes, I'm sorry. I don't know if you. I thought there was a punch line coming. I was no. He just wanted to say, well, he didn't get it. He's like, oh, that's shit. That was probably dumb as shit. Yeah. What are you doing? I'm a bodybuilder. I work out. And I'm like, bro, it's good. Don't you're fine. That's amazing. How about this one? If Marvel came out, they got a hold of you. And they're like, look man, we want you to be like the center of our next movie. Would you pick that over an Olympia title, which one would be a bigger movie for you? Don't do that to me. There's a lot of zeroes, Nick. On the Marvel contract, how much might it pay? There's more zeros. Yeah. There's a common and different place on that one. Bro, it's okay. Here's my loophole. When do we start filming? You know what I mean? Yeah. But I'm going to make both happen. Yeah, you like this. Yeah, he didn't say every. He said, which one first? We start filming like December. I mean, count me in. Yeah. Right. Good shape for that, too. And be honest, would you be a superhero or super villain? I think I'd be a villain, bro. Yeah. We're going to go with that. That'd be a great villain. Here's what they've been a superhero's cool shit. They're just some Bob Dylan. You can talk black. You're like a cool villain. Yeah. That sets you up. You know what I mean? If you're like a dorky villain, I don't like you. I want to be that badass villain. I don't want to be that badass villain. I want to be that badass villain. Let's just remember that the dark night was stolen by the Joker. Yeah. It was. Yeah. I'll be a horrible villain. But I need a great monologue at some point. You know, you want that moment. You want to steal the movie, you know? You just, yeah. I get it. Just like the Joker. If everyone looks at you and thinks meathead because of how you look, what's something people would never guess about you? Yeah. I love Disney movies. You're kidding. Be more specific. Yeah. You exactly knew what I'm gonna be proud of Disney. What? All of it. Do what I'm in, probably around six weeks out. I watch like Glany in the tram. I watch Toy Story, Master's In, Finding Nemo. I watch him all dude. Shit that keeps me at peace. Yes. Disney is the way to go. Is there some kind of attachment to when you were a kid? Yeah. Does Disney make you happy? You can't watch Disney movie not be happy. There was only one. That was Marley and me. Fuck, fuck that movie. Fuck that movie. Fuck that movie. Fuck that movie. That was like, that movie. That movie. That movie. That movie. That movie. That movie. That movie. It's just a shit. We got to watch another one. I got to read. We do it. We got to read the movie. That's why. That's a number one question. That my wife does that. If there's ever a dog shows up in a movie. She's like, this dog doesn't die, does it? Yeah. I'm not saying that. I don't know if you're watching like a gangster episode and the guy's got a dog. She's like, this isn't going to John Wick. Is it? I'm not watching this. There's so many movies. We're like somewhere in a dog is killed. My mom's like, I hate this movie now. I can't do this. It has nothing to do with the movie. It's like, it's like, it's good off. We would really point. We would just watch this show the other day. And this murder scene shows up. You got the father, the mother, and the dog dead. And as soon as we walk out, who the fuck kills a dog? Yeah. You'd zero, zero, could serve for the dead human. So like, bro, it does that. I get the people. Yeah. They probably have people. They probably had it coming, but that dog didn't do shit. No. What here's one for you. How after how this year has gone so far, leading into the Olympia with everything in your rear view mirror, what does a successful 2025 for Nick Walker look like? I think it's beside what do you want to do Olympia? What's the success for you this year? I think it's the success for me outside of winning. Obviously would just be being just the best person I can be for the people around me, and not being so shut it off. Not being a dick, you know? Like, not that I'm like a whole dick, but we'll, you know how prepping it. I think. Yeah, I want everyone around me to go, this prep was fun. Yeah. You know, because here's the thing, I'm sure we've all like, how that success or we want to show, right? We're so proud, but we were just dickheads. So like everyone around is like happy for you, but like you can sense like the energies. They're all like him glad to know. But no, like, oh, we're happy for you. Like you were a dick. They're happy it's over. So yeah, exactly. So if I can have this, that success of winning, and everyone enjoyed it with me, that success. Nice. So I got one more. You have possibly. If you look at the top pros, if you look at Samson and Derek and you and all the guys that are in the, in the, in the talk, really, in all the top 10 Olympia guys, you have possibly the worst. Beginner pitcher. But it's what makes you as a bodybuilder so fucking amazing to me, because we all came up, seeing that guy at his first show that walks in and he does his first show and you're like, all this guy is going to be a pro. This guy, look at the arms on this fucking guy. You know, I've smirmer showing up at Nationals with some dude is there for the first time and he wins the overall. And you've been there 10 years in a row, slugging away in this guy walks in. Someone just told him, he should try bodybuilding and he's a pro through years later. We've all seen that guy come up a bunch of times. You were not that dude. That your first show, you, you at your first show, I don't mean to go too hard here. You displayed zero potential. You want to know, you want to know, you want to know, just like I did back then. You just, you know, you're a potential. You want to know what's funny. Oh, this is a true story. Even then, I said, I'm going to want to miss the view one day. Is that the difference? Is it because you were always on here? Like, is that what? But I'll explain this, please. He was also high. Go ahead. Highly tight, brother. That prep. What happened during that prep? I started that prep at like 2 to 30. Like I was, I'm a big kid naturally. Right. Right. That I guess before. And I, you know, I, every wrong mistake you could make in a prep was made within that prep. So, after that prep, as it was miserable, that was part of my most miserable prep I've ever done. I remember I'm like, you know what? Like, I know if I did a prep right, I can win. Yeah. Like, I was so confident saying that. Right. And then I came back to following here literally like 30 pounds heavier peeled one every show I did. That's wild. Did anyone remember you from the first show like no? No, I was totally different. Like, you, it was unrecognizable. Yeah. The kick, kick cont, I won at that first show. This is a marketing. I was 159 pounds. Wow. You weren't lean. I weren't. Hey, man. I had a six pack brother. That's all it took in your first show. I had that too. I had a six pack. No fuck with me. The following year, I was a hundred and ninety four pounds. Okay. Oh, wow. And he had more than a six pack. More than a six pack. No, that's just great. That's what we got. That's what we got. That's what we got. Yeah. It's great. Because you know, like we've seen all that like, you know, the guy in high school and then up on stage is a pro and you're like, oh, yeah. He's a Jake. I'm a Jake. Yeah. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. I like how we know that. They're okay. They're yes. I'm glad you explained that to me, because when I look at that picture and I look at how you look now. I'm this like, I cannot wait for Nick's. I'm not going to see you at the show at the Olympics, you are fucked. Oh, I'm sure show me. Get cut of that. But yes, for show pitch, it's not good. Yeah. Well, dude, I also have a time you guys in the story. What you said to me, the 2017 North Americans. What. No. This was my second show on Nick's Mom's Sand stuff. Yeah, this was my second, it was my second national show I never done. North American 2017. We, again, overdited, definitely not my best. It was one of those looks to where like you start carbon up and you're losing like pounds every morning. You're like, oh shit, we're fucked. We're on the right way. Yeah. So I get on stage, right? The honestly didn't go as planned. And I'm walking back to the hotel room after pre-judging. It's dead silence walking back. It's a very long, dreadful walk. And I don't know where my mom's behind me and she goes, she helps him puffs, she goes, you know Nick? You look like shit. I love your mom so much. And she demonstrated, she goes, I have my camera out and I put it down. I didn't even want to take him photos. And he hears a thing, like I, I'm like, mom, just wrong timing. You know, yeah. You could have waited till tomorrow. You know what I mean? Breakfast, so we're, can I have, you know, get some, you know, some pancakes in my mouth before you decide to get to me? And I have to just have that moment, please. But yeah, I do, I'll never forget that. We should go this way. I made. You look like shit. Yeah, look like shit. I think that shirt would pop off after this episode. But she was just like, the way to do it was so subtle. Like it was just, it was like it didn't be like me, nothing. You know what I mean? I was just like, you broke my shit, you know? Yeah. You could have some women usually destroy you. Just a soft comment. Yeah. And then your brain just spins with it for three days. But actually, I have that shirt comment. I have my phone out and I put it right down. You might have. I do take one memory. Yeah. I don't want to get this as a suit as you possible. I don't remember. She really did take any pictures. It was screaming. I don't know where you got that garbage. Yeah, I'm like, I'm like, I'm not going to. Yeah, she's always got like, okay. So I even told her, well, I got stories now. I love this. She's so good so much better. Dude, it was honestly the night before Pittsburgh. I obviously, she wasn't there when we were at the Airbnb. So I always just kind of sent her pictures periodically. And I was usually, she knows this me calls first, perhaps. So I sent her like, it was pictures like before the last meal we ate. And she just, she looks good. No, I'm like, okay, cool. Thanks. Mm-hmm. Obviously, I sent her pictures the next morning. She was like, he looked great here. Like, okay. After the show, we're sent out cheesecake factory. She looks at Kyle on she goes, Kyle. I got to be honest with you. And I'm like, oh, not, not now. He's going in. And she goes, next sent me those pictures last night. He didn't look good at all. She's like, I was up all night stressing. She's like, I wasn't going to say anything. And make it worse. He didn't look good. Look washed out. I wasn't happy. And I'm like, so I'm like, oh my god. So we get back to the Airbnb. And I look at Kyle. I said, I am not sending her any more pictures. Don't worry, bro. Yeah. I'm like, we're going to the only pictures I will send her is the ones we think are like, yeah, she'll like this. You need to run through a verification process. Yeah, other than that, she's not giving an update throughout this week, brother. Was not happy at all. Yeah. She has that one this time night. She's learned. She's learning. You did this to me. She was so the way she said it to, she was kind of, I didn't sleep at all. I put it on you. I'm like, what the fuck? Like, it's a lot of Kyle. She walks off. I'm over here. She's K-Dum, I throw him like, what is happening? Oh my god. I always, I already loved her, but it's gotten so much better now. I'm glad. I feel like she gets more blunt as she ages. I love her. I'm glad Kyle got the full dose on her. I'm thrilled to go on. Well, you want me to call the sides of, you know, link up and do this. The first thing he says to me is like, I need to make sure your mother's on board with this. I'm like, I'm like, are we for real, bro? I got a master model. I don't know if you never asked to quiet that. Yeah. I love to work with you, but it didn't make sure your mom does. She's a radiation, your mom's fool with it. I'm like, no! What did you do? But what he did know at the time was actually, it was my mom's idea that it worked with Kyle. Right. It was a range of marriage already. So it was fun. It was, yeah. My mom initiated it. It's not out of the novel. I'm like, yeah. Amazing. Okay. Well, we got to have any more. We got to hold it that. You can't really cut it that out. That was good. That was great. Thanks Nick for coming on and hanging out with us. Yeah. And now we're plus your time. I know that every hour is very valuable for you. Well, these are, these are podcasts I enjoy. You know, you take that with the boys and the sharing stories and having fun. I hate like the all serious podcast. I don't like you. I don't want to do that shit. What childhood trauma do you think is displaying itself? That's true. You're a couple of development. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Tell me why you started body. But what did you go through as a child? Fuck off man. Like I watched Conan a bunch of times. And here we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks Nick. We look forward to seeing you on the stage competing. That's your best. Yeah. That's your very best, which I don't know. These guys can be able to handle you at your best Nick. I feel like I'm going to shock everyone again. You know, that would be awesome. Because people are very excited. Yeah. People. People are saying. People are saying. We're not the people. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks Nick. Thanks for coming on. Thank you for having me. You bet. Remember everybody like share a subscribe comment and that's right. And remember I'm eating.com. Get your all in get your ISO surgeon. Everyone should get on your gear. Dusty and big Ron are your codes. Thanks very much Nick. Olivia bound. What are we 10? How many weeks? Well 12 weeks 12 weeks. Okay. Thanks Nick. See you there. And remember it's just bodybuilding.