What's all this nonsense? Look at there's like one with pretzels and options. Yeah, yeah Yeah, that's a problem. You wanted to top. Yeah. Ooh It's a whole I could do without the picture the guy I Like a sexy woman make it in a girl. Yeah There's a little messy I want to see a little makeup running but anyways Too far too far. Sorry. That's good. Yeah, we're good. Maybe we'll not finish kidding I haven't said anything. I've just said we are with in YouTube's guidelines Everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding big-round parlor here with dusty handsha and the producer Scomic Naly of course like share subscribe comment and ring the bell Yes, maximum algorithms member everybody you've got to hit those things for us to help us recover from all the misdevues We had while we were gone. We had that little little little little stutter step there You know, yeah, yeah, the little nap we had and you know we got to get the push get the push get the momentum going Everything's going so good. So well, thanks for everybody for all that remember I am mutant.com Go to iam mutant.com get your isle surge get your all in and everyone should get on the gear dusty 20 Big-round 20 use either code save 20% okay guys what what's up? What's new? What are we doing here? Well, we're doing primarily the Q and A thing and yeah something came up this week that I wanted to get into right away was the importance of quality check-in photos for you guys and myself of course when clients are working with us and and what you expect to see why it's important and all of that Yeah, we talked about that the other like maybe not too long ago, but we didn't cover everything we could and we didn't have Nearly naked pictures of round which we do today. So well, I Yeah, well, no, hey you guys feel free to send a few in I just wanted to put my money where my mouth was if I'm gonna harp at people for progress pictures I want to be able to say that like hey Like here's here's my point. Okay. This is a progress picture that I took for my coach. This is 2006 Yeah, this is it in the the boxing room at the gym and amitin hardcore gym This was taken on I like a camera Right me so taking on a camera and then uploaded into a computer Pulled off the camera attached to an email and sent to my coach who was Scott Abel at the time Who did a great job that year I came in and graduated and see But but my point here is it everyone now has the most incredible technology in their hand you have these four k phones that just send the most Incredible quality images There is absolutely no excuse for your check in photos to be crap Like you have no you almost have to go out of your way to send bad photos of yourself and it's it's So it's such a waste of everyone's time stop doing it send better pictures how good was that photo Just fine good lighting. It's not that hard This one's not hard and this is just so this is 2010 ish and I would have sent this photo to Chris if it's 2010 okay, and this is just in my old kitchen in my old townhouse in amitin And I took all my photos there all my morning photos this would have been probably a night photo judging by the amount of light Yeah, but I took all my all my morning pictures were great there and then all my night photos were pretty great You could still see my glutes and hands. It's a little shadowy, but those night photos were good Chris could see what was going on He could see how full I was you could see strations coming across my back and everything so the point is he could look at these photos And be like oh, I know where it runs at yeah, you know always pretty full last night We'll see what the morning pictures look like you know like he he could really get a good sense of how I looked and And we've all expressed our frustration when we when we have a hard time getting accurate photos from clients Well, I think the biggest thing That drives me crazy is is is as an athlete for myself I could see what I look like In the mirrors and the good lighting and the jam in all these places and One of my houses that I lived at during my time with Chris there was literally no good lighting in the house It was weird lights in the there was no lights coming off of like both of my front and back Portures were covered patio's like it was it was a nightmare But I was that was not an excuse to not get him good pictures so I used to drive to the gym Every time when he had pictures me I had a friend who would meet me at the gym just to take my photos and We would leave because I Wanted them perfect and it was before the the age of you know Set-up the the timer's working or all those things like I Wanted them so good that he just did me the favor of coming with me to take the pictures and I point that out because it's like it blows my man people I don't have good lighting, right? I'm like It's not worth the trip to the gym where you can't do it before you training like there's no where in the history of the world It's worth you getting me pictures to accurately help you prep for a show and I'm telling you it is And normally important it's like I want to feel like I was with someone there you go exactly you got this this hard it's this hard now Yeah, like I just for the audio people ran just show to a small ring light. Yes This seems to my view Yeah, but no, it's not about the size It's actually I mean his lighting is better than mine. I have a huge ring light here, but it's just But it doesn't work after time. Yeah, that tape around it But no, I just I thought it was important because I had a client somebody pictures the other day and Two things happened number one. I opened them up and they were so bad I actually asked him I said did you look at these and he was like yeah, and I'm like why did you send them? Because they're so bad. I can't judge what you look like and one thing I want you all to realize and this is a great client And he lists his the show so I'm not hammering Uh-oh, I mean general, but I have to point it out because I was so irritated I wanted to say like as a coach When someone doesn't take the time to give me good pictures I immediately wonder what I can't see that they're also not doing well Like are you really taking their sets the hell in back? Are you? Possibly adding you know when when I ask you to have 200 grams of rice and it's two 15. Do you just eat it? Like Those questions answer me because I would never send my coach terrible pictures because he's all of his decisions are made based on those So I really think it's important that people understand that because if not listen You might just just tell me your weight and kind of tell me in your eyes how good or not good You look and just don't send pictures at all and we'll wing it right right right You know because it is that bad. I mean like wrong you said on that in that night picture and you're Plus is a lighting perfect No because it's dark but you I can see your hands your calves on the right side I can see your full back so I see enough Whereas if it was a little darker and then I couldn't see his hamstrings at all and his glutes I'd be like Ron these pictures aren't good enough. I can't see it But you can see what he's worked with to make decisions and that's enormously important because I've been there with clients where I see them at a show or something and one of two things happens They're leaner than I thought them like oh man I should pump the brakes your pictures don't show this for their father and I'm like oh shit We have eight weeks of prep left in 12 weeks of work to do yeah Because your pictures don't depict what's happening you know what I mean So it is really really important and I hope people will take the time because I've found a ring light in a dark room Set up directly in front of you. You're good. That's fine. Yeah So I'm a problem. You know I realized I made a mistake as a coach and that is this and I've never said this on the show before Maybe I'm just coming to realize it now that it early on the pictures are not quite as important You know like as we close into a show like those first sets of pics I see what you look like. I know we need to get the scale moving and it isn't as important But but then as you do move on it gets more critical and there comes a point that I'll say to This is the way I've historically worked there comes a point that I say like hey We got to do better pictures now. Yeah, that's really get this together But anymore I've been taking that to like just out the gate like hey and if if they aren't what they want them to be I usually tell people nowadays like I'll say hey Can we you know I'll give them some instructions and and then if they if they try that out and it's still not right I'll say hey this looks good but next time Let's try moving that camera down a little bit your head looks huge and your feet look tiny You know what I mean or whatever we need to or pull it back I want to be able to see you from foot to head you know stuff like that But yeah, I used to I used to like let it ride if it wasn't as important But there comes that point that like you really need to see all those details you know Yeah, sure, yeah, and I see what you mean about like the you know the first like someone who's 40 pounds overweight Right isn't looking to compete the pictures aren't as important But you save yourself time if you set them up with good habits off the start because then later down the road When they do need to take better pictures if you know You don't have to teach them at that point and you just save yourself the time So I don't know what you mean Hey guys I was just looking through the Facebook group by the way if anybody's not a member over there and you do Facebook group check out the think big group James Stocks didn't had a head a question for the group and I went to throw it at you guys So none of us are currently prepping anymore, but he says When you were in prep Or generally focusing on controlling your diet, which I guess we we all do that He says what's your guilty pleasure food? He said personally I've always been a donate guy crispy cream when they are hot and fresh or gods gift to man That's freaking classic well I think well right now how I eat is like basically super clean like super you know the behavior behaving body builder and then I have a little bit of ice cream every night So it's like that little bit ice cream I have every night just makes me feel like I don't I don't died at all like just regular ice cream is not like a special low sugar. No, no, although although I will announce that I just got a ninja creamy Yes, one family and I made some mutinisal surge in almond milk and egg whites with a bit of nut butter in there And I I froze that and I creamy that up with an ninja and it was insanely good It was like I was eating ice cream I couldn't believe how it turned out So I'm like that we're one day into this and I was I had my socks blown off with the first batch that I made and it had nothing like it was total Diet formula I wasn't trying to make it, you know Like Trump a butter finger in it. No, like if you if you put like if you put like like real cream in it and like ice cream ingredients You make real ice cream like I never heard of the thing what is this My base they do a podcast if you guys You got it you got it you got here. I'm gonna send you an idea of how far behind your Scott. Yeah, we have had one broken one and replaced It went around so yeah, there are there a thing I just found out about air fryer's like a year and a half ago So give me come be some school of every about five years behind on everything that's cool Yeah No man it blew me away like it was good I stopped at my friend Aaron's house and went to visit my buddy Aaron jewel old buddy of mine Yeah, and he's one of those he's like me. He's also like you know retired old old school body builder And he goes heavy had an inch of creamy I'm like no So he opens his freezer and he pulls out one that's made with like banana iso And he's like you got to have this and I started eating it and I ate the whole thing. It was like Oh, I'm broken now Let me see this is a video you sent me, huh? Yeah, yeah, I sent it. You see if I can play the video here Yeah, it's super loud It's like the loudest blender you've ever heard you're like holy cheese Wow, my neighbor calls Ryan use it. Yeah, so like a note no ninja after Ken Pianne rule your moments Yeah, you're neighborhood Here we go see for some No, there's no shooting guns after 10. Yes, so there's no sugar added no fat added or a boy put some nut by her in there But oh and it whip set up like it is like ice cream. It's an it's just a almond milk egg whites and way I salute with a bit of nut butter that's all I put in mind It was insane as the bomb. That looks really nice. So yeah, if you're like actually good You know, you want to use like other things in your recipes You can just make them like you know, have a crazy want yeah You don't have to go. I literally did water Chocolate ice a surge and peanut butter. Oh really you went water Yeah, and it was yes, so yeah, I mean you really and it wasn't I mean it wasn't that's trying to die I just don't have that in my house. So they're gonna add water. You haven't good to go So yeah, yeah, those things are awesome for sure So anyways back to the question guilty pleasure Scott. What is yours? Real for ten minutes and don't answer questions. That's why we are terrible for I'm gonna derail a step further because when you guys said crispy creams or he said crispy creams I thought about this thing I heard you realize how many crispy creams get thrown out That like they don't they don't oh no, what's this so I guess this employee got in trouble Because he posted these pictures this is this is like Metro UK I think I don't know what that website is these are the crispy creams that we're getting thrown out They have so many that just like they I guess they I guess they don't they want them to be fresh right? We have to be at certain level of freshness. Yeah. Yeah, so there's a lot of crispy creams getting thrown out I wanted to bring that there was attention first and and second I wanted to tell you guys at story Oh, yes, I remember dieting when I worked for the soda company I'm conforming to everybody else in the US and pop pop company. Yeah, the pop company pop company I remember seeing this and it wasn't even a good cookie There was like this wafer cookie and it was on the floor out of the package and it was just sitting there grocery room or grocery store, you know right on on the floor and it was sitting there and I was very far into the diet And now there was no moment that I was actually gonna pick it up and eat it But the thought that came to my head was I better if I did it would taste just as good as any other cookie There'd be nothing wrong with that and I bet you'd be okay and I better be okay Like I literally had that thought like hey I bet that would taste just as good There'd be nothing wrong with it and then there's like a little bit There's that little bit of your brain that goes and you know Because it's off the ground It's technically not really like not a lot anymore It's like a painful like real calories. It's almost exactly Incidental calories that you ingest That moving Moving through the world I had was you know Like yeah, that wouldn't count you know I didn't really impact it. I didn't intentionally purchase it Yeah, I love that your guilty pleasure something you didn't eat Yeah, I had a lot of good guilt for thinking about eating a cookie Is a moment he'll never forget Yeah, it's like a closest he came in his life You know, sorry, just to tell somebody yeah if he was religious he would have told us is Pastor about it like I got to talk to you so I do this now most cheated on your wife no my dad No More So here's the reality of it so I like variety So there's no single one thing I like the freedom knowing that I'm gonna get to eat something You know that's off plan and it's gonna be something It's it's got to be it's some level of constraint size wise I can't go out and get like an entire sheet cake, right? But I'd go to the grocery store especially looking the middle of summer when it's hot You're probably on a bunch of clan and everything else and it's nice and cool in there You know, I'm playing You know, I'm talking contest prep, you know You're all okay You did because it was July Okay, so I was for I found this cupcake one time and it was it had like this blue frosting on it and they had it look like Who was the blue guy from sesame street the Grover Grover yeah, no no It was cookie monster Yeah, so they had cookie monster on there and not only did you get the cupcake out of his mouth They had a little Oreo an Oreo cookie sticking out of it and it was like the really deep blue frosting You could see it from across the room so that was my snack that was my cheat meal That treat that I had and and here's the part that really got me I pooped blue for two days after that like It was so much food currying in that that like the water Turned like a tint of blue. I was like oh, that's amazing that can't be good for me But I thought to myself you know what one day I'm gonna tell that story in front of a lot of people on a podcast That's hilarious we found the day it was today Good to know good to know Uh That's all man all right, so I love cookie monster first off. I love the fact that Because you had already told the story about Finding a cookie on the ground. I'm going all in one day. I found a cupcake and I'm like why does he find things all the time What's the engagement in a store Like I'm excited to throw just something Like we go get a leave this time. He ate it. Yeah, I'm I'm going all in I'm going all in today guys. Yes, no my My here's what's funny and Ron Ron knows this and he's actually the same show it's terrible is My guilty pleasure is actually really simple which is After a show dead of off season retired if I go to dinner all I want to eat is steak and rice That's what I'm gonna order doesn't matter where we go I'm actually irritated if they don't have rice on the menu as an option to switch for what I have but the guilty pleasure is If they have a small pizza or flat bread, mm, that comes first Every single time you just order the flat bread the pizza whatever type you want That's your warmup and then you find yourself in an unmajured steak With rice and I usually ask for double rest because I'll usually throw it down for you And you're good to go but yeah, it is the it is the pizza warmup That gets it going you know I like to think I have something to do with that Yeah, it's just like there's other there's other things that I've come out of my mouth where dusty said Oh, you're becoming me and then there's there's a couple things or dust is like I really like a good flat bread before my steak I'm like I think I started to do that. I just started that yeah, yeah, I'm like We're hanging out at Earls and there it was yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's something like that But yeah, those are the gems but as far as like a bad thing air quote My favorite dessert Just carecate but not any carecate. It has to be awesome and there's actually a place and there's one of There used to go pick it up after a prep and just bring it home. I'd go to a high-end steak I was in buy just the care cake Right, but to give you an idea I brought it home one night and before I ate the entire thing I was like should probably weigh this Yeah, it was just shy of two pounds Yeah, I was like yeah, yeah, I mean I was like no one can eat this except yeah Yeah So now I was I wish I had literally with about to like scrounge through old pictures to find it because it's you know I mean it literally is like that tall you know, yeah, like did they have like the the cream cheese frosting on it? Oh, I mean that's the always knew eat it. Yeah, it's all a lie just a transport cream cheese frosting to your mouth the rest is nonsense I think at this stage so there's no shows like coming up next week So we can talk about these things openly, but I feel like too far into the seas We need to get out of our systems now because we would but people have to shut us off, you know, right Right, yeah, that keeps the street eye. It's right about now. Yeah, yeah Yeah, it's not everybody though. That's not a funny game Because Nikki will Request to make desserts or dinners at the house all the time right now. Oh, she's one of those people, huh? Yeah, yes, she's like I'm gonna make you cookies. I don't know do this like I told her to tell the Arnold I wanted to not eat anymore like home meals okay, and like as a first time in our entire leash But I thought she was a little mad at me. I was like Right, I'm like that's her. She's like what am I gonna make? I'm like, I don't know make it for the other guy shit About this one Nathan Scott had another one over at the group. I'm actually screencap it here. So first of all He says uh, I'm in the army and I'm looking for a way to still hit my protein glow while in the field for a month at a time I've been dehydrating steak into jerky and that's probably what my plan is going to be my question is Would eating five meals of jerky for a month? But that be bad He says in my head it's just steak Well technically it's just just steak like I mean unless he runs into some kind of like issue for another reason like You know, I don't know. I mean can you make it out of other meat too? Can he can he do some turkey jerky? So it doesn't get just completely fried on steak. You know, that's that's where I could be that'd be my first concern My first also jaw health from yeah, yeah five washing. Yeah, you don't really have a way I see in there Like jaw muscle back here. Yeah Yeah, yeah, I mean you can do anything you can do anything for months Yeah, bring protein powder with you, right? Yeah, yeah get some way. I so yeah do your thing Yeah, I would definitely protein powder over five like because you can remember this is meals Yeah, yeah, and I don't know how to figure out the macros of jerky since it's cooked down so far You know that's back to our topic of Wade before after cooked well. This is beyond jerky's jerky's that it's only You know it's only 10,000 of Yeah, no, you'll get a few Yeah, it's really dense. It's really dense. I forget what the what the percentage is but it's it's compact You know, you need a ton of jerky to get you know 40 grams of protein The sodium I'd watch out for that. I don't I mean since he's making it himself Almost need to add salt to his meals. Yeah, right? You know he won't need a salt shake or if he's eating jerky Yeah, well, I guess he's making it so he can determine how much salt he puts on it But I've talked to guys before who have been deployed and that they're they're trying to do you know I mean I've seen talk to guys that were in like Iraq and stuff and people who were in places For they're like hey, I can get anything I want at the pharmacy But I can't get good quality protein and they'd be in some can't eat right they'd be like in some country where like I remember One guy was telling me that like the merchants in town had like basically fake protein that they would break it down with other things to try to you know scammed the the US soldiers and stuff like that But I mean you guys I mean I I wonder what he has too. I mean I'm sure there's probably going to be some solid food there egg whites But I think though a lot of that stuff the the food they prepare is so calorie dense and you're probably going to need more calories too I'm guessing if you're out of the field, you know so I know for myself If I'm traveling I'm probably even if I had all my protein with me I feel like I'm always at some level under eating so if I were to have any kind of extra food just it might not be clean It might not be perfect but just to get enough in I might push that up with like I mean obviously he's not doing a burger but traveling like with a burger or something like yeah, yeah, yeah for sure Yeah, I almost always lose weight traveling. Yeah, so Dusty did you have some stuff oh? Yes, I have more a lot of the stuff that I pulled through here were just things that that I could kind of run them through um so first one that I had was When you guys are prepping someone for a contest and and you have zero care of their enjoyment of life This is about results What is it you guys see or look for that makes you decide that they need a higher day or a cheat meal when I say higher day higher calories And that's too full one to speak it's a good question but two because Obviously Ron and I and I don't know how early you started to scop but like cheat meals weren't a thing When I started bodybuilding like you started a prepping it only got worse and then it ended like there was no Reprieve ever so just curious how you guys go about that and I pointed out not being funny But the the life part because for everyday clients like I asked them to have meals because I want them to have a life And there's a way to Maintain both but when you're in prep for 20 weeks or whatever it is I don't really care if your life is great my job is to make sure you come and nasty and win Yeah, so what do you guys do? Well, I think before you need a high day or cheat meal whatever like there's you know kind of the same strategy essentially You have to be quite lean like If you had a veins popping in straightions coming out in certain muscle groups and you have to have also made a lot of progress like if you if you start dieting at 240 and you're 230 too you do not need any sort of Refeed at all like let's let's okay Start dieting at 240. Let's see under 220 Like let's get you down like are you radically different looking than you were You know 20 pounds ago okay you might you know how's your performance now? How's your strength? How's your pumps? All that stuff should be good I mean this is all assuming you set the diet up with you know half a brain to begin with but You know if I mean you know like with most people the first half of their diet They have with me typically the first half there are no there's nothing Ever all that comes in the last half when they're getting really lean and like You know we start like sort of throttling up and down a little more and like Play with carbs more and the more the more it's a lot more adjustments near the end you know like so yeah I would say most people don't need one and You know you should have made quite a bit of progress before you need one you know Yeah, what the rest of my performance I would say so it might be different for somebody who's competing versus a non-competitor If there's some Yeah Yeah, I just was thinking coaching wise so just in general so yeah, but yeah for a competitor We're gonna do whatever it takes first and it and it depends on the person You know, there's a real rare person that I've worked with who just burns through everything and and he might Start getting a cheat meal like the second or third week like and we almost use it as part of the plan Like hey there's the day we're gonna load back up fuel back up and we might be able to ride that right into the show you know I'm gonna say you're more average person I'm with you Ron that you're just gonna have to you're gonna have to wait and the other thing is is that I probably don't want to have a cheat meal as your loading meal into a show You know, we're probably gonna want to actually do it in some sort of clean controlled fashion so what I try to explain to people is Every time we do some type of a load or a high day whatever that We're kind of testing out how you respond So we're gonna have somebody check in like let let let's say it's Monday and we're working toward a Depletion and then we're probably gonna plan a high day around Friday or something like that and I'll say hey Why don't you check back in on Thursday right because if I know him well enough and I know we're probably gonna do it Friday I might want to see him a little sooner than that say let me see what you look like on Thursday And let's figure we're still 10 12 whatever weeks out and then I I say you know like okay Yeah, let's do this high day tomorrow and then let's check in the next day and then we can kind of get an idea of Okay, how did your body respond to those those foods and this is something that if you're as a coach with your or as an athlete with your coach You guys are kind of in this constant conversation of knowing what your body is gonna do So that when we do get to the show, it's not a surprise You know like oh we're just gonna start throwing random stuff at you people eat muffins You know what I mean like for a show let's do that you know Let's let's figure it out so that the load is actually calculated and we're just gonna be like another day on the job Then basically by the time we actually get to the count this great at water is gonna be different But we'll have a much better idea What do you guys think about Is there a downside Because like for for me one thing I've discovered with clients is they start like looking Like so we're gonna have a hide it like we're gonna have a hide it like they're wondering and I feel like you know when I was Competing and I mean, I'm I'm really happy that now that's happening in my house like Nikki does not care she doesn't she wants to win yeah, that's it and I really think more people By coaches faults in some ways fall into habit of starting to look for it because like we'll probably have a treat meal soon or whatever Yeah, and I really don't think you should implement them to the point where clients are looking forward to them because Again, it's a 20 week prep if you never eat out for 20 weeks and you come in at your best who cares like And when you're really in shape When when your when when a pseudo calls and says hey today, we're adding 400 grams of rice to your normal day You're like yes, yeah, you don't care that it's not a cheeseburger You know what I mean? So I know I find that there's with you know and again, it's not for everyone But do you guys think that there are points where because it's become so popular and bodybuilding. It's a negative Yeah, well, there are some people that psychologically are terrible at all of this They might be physically they might be physically gifted at bodybuilding But they're psychologically just so terrible with food and it's such a hard battle for them constantly and every direction and then You know the go with the coach that uses a lot of cheat meals and it just it can I've I've seen like the worst of the worst You know what I mean? Some people just can't on handle that stuff You know like I know guys that like I've had clients are like hey You know like I got shredded a few times like eating those little mini rice cakes postwork up Oh, yeah, I kept those I kept those in my diet right up to contest a few times and I was in really great shape And I've had clients go hey, can we take those out? I can't have them in my house Yeah, I'm like oh, okay, you just can't do like I guess if I open a baggy the whole thing I'm like oh, okay, that's just weird to me like I just never occurred to me. I weighed them on You know So I'll go with you some times you go. That's weird Yeah, so you just say okay, I just will take those out when you just like just you know whatever whatever Plain rice if you want it's good to pay know that too though like you know as much as I joke like I bet that with peanut butter and some of them go I hate Evil can you choose that no, I'm sure We use X-Verjava like Same thing for me so fine. You know what I mean and they'll just say it they're like dude if you ask me to have 32 grams of peanut butter We have a problem. I'm like great and I'm glad that they tell me that because good to know your weaknesses, you know But I'm like you run. I'm like that would not the only issue I had with peanut butter back in the day was there's a pain in the ass to get the measurement Yeah, yeah, I was like this sucks Try to get it just right. I don't trust me. I don't trust people with peanut butter either I used to measure it by the tablespoon and I did I just like One level tablespoon 84 grams of peanut butter is one tablespoon. Yeah, yeah I'm holding my weight really well on this low-cowry diet. Yeah, yeah, but then you see their peanut butter consumption You're like oh geez You know three jars a week Yeah, yeah, that's the big deal. That's that's why I do it in grams. I'm like Yeah, I swear that's the first Now we're disprone with it on there. They get right That's Yeah, I'm glad you said that about because I do think it's a huge I Think that the mental side can actually weaken people who are strong if they start wanting that you know I just prefer I think I'm not that it's bad to have I never cared Chris used to use them But I honestly did not care and if anything I would be here take is you're so hungry That when he's like go have a double cheeseburger I'd go in there and I would eat it and not even know I ate it and walk out Because it takes like three seconds. I'm starving to death. I didn't taste it And it did nothing to my energy levels or anything so it was literally like Going difference to me because I was cheap was like that was $18. That sucks You really don't realize the like the like the psychological drive that food can be Even if you have like a healthy relationship to food and if you start bodybuilding like in a serious level You figure yeah, you figure it out like you really figure out just how much food has that importance, you know It's in it's in everything we do you know it's like you go on in a date what are you gonna do? You're gonna go out to eat we're gonna celebrate a birthday what are we gonna do we're gonna have cake Just a Christmas what are we gonna do we're gonna get together and we're gonna eat so you take that away and then people are like oh Man, you know you start figuring that out you've start figuring it out pretty quick, but oh Yeah, I was gonna ask you dusty on that No, because we were asked a little while ago Ron you talked about trying to hold on to every freaking rep that you could when we were dieting and dusty your strength was such an Important factor with DC training and we did that whole DC training progressive overlap well not really DC, but it was like the progressive overload Special edition episode people freaking loved that by the way How did that how did that play out in a diet phase because you were so into chasing progression in one way or another How did that work out is like you were in a calorie deficit and getting weaker? ah This part sucks for podcast because I can't use this for my clients. I never got weaker I guess ever I'd be like Don say it would literally because I'd be posting videos. She's like you got it back down I'd be four weeks out No, not hold 720 today. He's like don't do that and the reason it's not it's not something like superhuman So I don't want to be like oh wow whatever It's because back again as on the most gear That's a good thing that time period yeah because my off seasons like that's it people would always argue oh you know You don't I did very little not none not just here to you, but very little in the off seasons So here I am the close try got to the show the more things I was taking You know plus my entire life was flawless around bodybuilding. I can't stress that enough for most people Is my I mean I ate at the same time I probably chewed every bite the same down. I never killed myself during a prep only in the off season I did that once um You know it's it's the scenario where I really think that that was the difference and when I went to the gym it wasn't It wasn't it never even occurred to me to get weaker and I think that is where most people get weaker Because I've had clients you'll start up I mean they're 16% body fat you're a week and a half in though again I'm feeling the dialo so the strength's down I'm like no you're not fatty But you're not you decided your weaker and you have to get that I had plus you know and Ron and I were the same I didn't know cardio in the off season so my cardiovascular condition was up my food was perfect my sleep was what it was Which was always terrible, but it was it was something I focused on my my routine before the gym was perfect Everything was lined up to be great so the only thing removed was food and I think that that's why because even now It's amazing to me how much wind affects sets People don't think of that. Oh, yeah, I was you know I ran out strength and I'm like nah I watched you you ran out of wind I was a set of 12 and a 10 you were gas didn't became an oxygen issue more than a strength issue So yeah for me that was not a thing but it definitely in hindsight made me look at How much better my training could have been if I'd have been that obsessive with all those other things in the off season because I was I was good but I mean of my entire career there was only two years I could say I literally did not make a mistake four three hundred sixty five days Like I ate what Chris told me and those are the two years that I did the best and that's something I pressed to people Like I'm not saying to not have balance but I could tell you when I had no balance is when I got my best results So what do you want to do? Like that answer and we after you said the gear thing that made total sense like as you were seeing it I was like oh, I bet that's what it was Yeah, yeah, it's really simple. It's you know It's funny and I can say this now because I you know everybody knows I've I've mentioned that I started taking some things just for fun One that he was in prep and I bet it's I haven't in years and Ron you would have this now too You start to downplay what gear does when you're doing it all the time And you don't right you're not trying to lie It's just you're kind of used to it and so having not touched over TRT for like three years and then like more than doubling it And I remember I was like I don't think you're like this is amazing I mean I walk in the gym and I and not even just the strength of lifting like when I walk in the gym and I'm like I'm chatting with the front desk people and our daughter works there and we walk around and I look at a bar my mind was Yeah, and I'm like oh that's what this does and I'm because I'm so far removed from it I was like I mean I literally told her I was like I had no idea That this stuff is this impressive Now I see why people get and but again if I ran it for you know on and off for two years Three years I would get back to like you should be good either way. It's like I should but it's definitely better You know so yeah, it was definitely an interesting thing and and retrospect when you've been removed I'm like I forgot that's all it was I just forgot oh yeah it works We're wondering never mind it. It's definitely pretty interesting. Yeah, yeah, I imagine I I've joked with you know some of the guys at the gym like How long would it take me to put on 30 pounds if I really wanted to you know Pretty quick It would be insane I was really you know I'll put like six pounds on just fullness if I just have too many cheat meals in a week You know like the other day I want to know what it's saying up where we get me screwed I had some subway cookies the other day and I went to the gym to train chest and biceps, you know Yeah, whatever it was shoulders and triceps that's what it was and I probably had five people to gym go. What did you eat? Like you look like crazy fall today. I'm like I had subway cookies. I kid was like hilarious There's this multiple people So it's the new subway cookie like a flunk cookie They have no that's what they ask me all the things You got it. I haven't had one either. I'm like I know subway like a decade, but I might have to make up I mean My heart I got it look it got scott's googling. He doesn't make it something. I got to see what this thing looks like We're have you and you really don't watch I don't watch no. Yeah, so okay. Here's the picture right now Right that's a foot long Yeah, that's a proper measurement ladies. I'm sure of it Anyways exactly she's on it and just but anyway What's all this time since look at there's like one with pretzels and options. Yeah, yeah That's probably one of the top. Yeah. Yeah, it's a whole I could do without the picture the guy Um Could have done without that if we just like a sexy woman make it in her all Like a bear's a little messy I want to see a little makeup running but anyways Too far too far search mascara Yeah, maybe one of them is kind of hey, I haven't sent anything I've just said we are with in YouTube's guidelines I've got like one foot definitely over that line currently I really bad for taking part for some reason I brought by default just jumps on you like you've not about to it and then I was like, I was too much Yeah, I'm sorry Hand also in this picture behind her never mind Yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry, Mr. and Shaw we'd like to speak to you about your marketing I don't know this is thought okay, so back on track for another question for you guys They get and these are prep questions for clients Okay, at what point you start asking for more pictures because I know that that's I took it off of Chris eventually over time But like it is pretty funny. It's like oh check in every seven days. Are getting fun. cherry two okay check in every two hours Just yeah, I Well typically it's once a week and then When you get into like I don't know what's real prep like 14 weeks 12 weeks out, you know you start yeah, I don't know somewhere in there and the maybe in the the teens somewhere You get twice a week, you know, and then it just depends like some people It just nothing they just change every set of photos and they just you know two pounds two pounds three pounds two pounds 1.5 two pounds 1.5 two pounds it's just and then other people it's like huh Well, so me maybe we'll do you know the two three sets a week or four sets a week or I I remember one time My weight stopped moving was the first time I worked with Chris 2010 my weight stopped moving and we were six weeks out and I was getting a little bit like huh I need to I need to change here. He hasn't you know he hasn't changed anything and I was starting to worry that maybe I wasn't ahead, you know as I call you know and then So I just said to my like what do you want to do any goes ask two pictures every single day And I was like oh oh we're just going right to that and then we just did pictures every single day for the last six weeks all the way to the show You know and I wound up like you know in really great shape is one of my best ever looks first time I worked with Chris and I was like He just yeah, he was like oh everything was going really good and then it just stopped going good. So this is pictures every day You know we we had the same thing but it was actually reverse Where My lowest weight during prep was a certain number of weeks out. I don't remember what it was and my stage weight was 10 pounds of both of that And again, that's back to the hormonal side and we had you know bump to growth up and things But I remember like we started taking pictures often because we didn't discuss it But your head even though you know the scale isn't everything you kind of It's going the right way You know what I mean yeah, but you look at the pictures and you're like but I'm getting harder so it's fine But it's definitely a mental mass when you see that because you're like I remember Chris finally he texted me one day He goes you are awesome at getting sliced, but you suck at losing weight That's like that's a win What about you Scott like how do you I know I know I know it's hard to answer because it is and then but I mean do you base it on Is it ever out of I guess I just word it for myself sometimes I do it because I don't want things to go too far like someone's really Crank it along exactly that too that's it. I'm like Well, if I let him go for four days we might go too far. Yeah Oh, that's a weight every day. I'll say wait every morning. Yeah, because it'll start clicking and you realize like I mean You don't want to be five days into like what was one day because you know Ron you you asked us the other day Wrongly cages asked for like a in person like what are you seeing and I'm like oh things are definitely better You know not life changing but better and then like two days pass I was like A lot has happened A lot has taken place and then he'll see the pictures and it was funny because the other day She sent pictures Sunday or whatever and you said I don't really say anything because You look fine you look at the way you're supposed to you know and we walked in I'm like haven't thought it looked stupid in the rear double's way better and that was all I said No, I was late my breakfast and then I was like what are on say she goes Haven't thought it's way better and rear double's way better. I'm like okay But it's like far out of she now That's Seven and half yeah, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, nice. It's it's getting fun now. It's the point where I'm like Every every day. I'm like oh that wasn't there yesterday and we have a lot I mean, there's still plenty to do Yeah, I mean as you know any stretch but it's fun part where you're like oh that's Almost grainy in the shoulder today. Okay. Yeah, yeah starting to get that look So here's what I would say when do I start to have people check in more frequently so like you guys It is pretty much I think my answer is the same but I'll try to say it in a little bit of a different way They yeah then You know we start out every week right or somewhere close to that and then as things as we get closer There's gonna be some whatever we need to do with the diet is probably gonna determine that you know As you're depleting I probably want to make like you said dusty I don't want to wait too long to fill back out for instance So I might say I know that we're gonna we're gonna probably Need to fill you out by this weekend, but let's see you a few couple days before that you know that's where it would start And then maybe from there we start going to every five days you know every five days and then after you fill back out So then it becomes twice a week and then it just kind of progresses from there But I'm not sure where it's at but I usually have people it's usually around like that seven eight week period I have people send all their check-ins on email and it's not time sensitive Any changes that we're gonna do you're gonna apply tomorrow and so I'll do podcasting stuff in the morning and then I get back to those people in the afternoon But anything beyond that if you're getting closer if you're eight weeks out then we need to start going to text and then I have people start texting their pictures in the morning So I can get back to them right away You know and I mean, but I don't have everybody do that year around texting me pictures right? It's too much to it's too much for me to handle you know and I'm saying just like running your life based off of Somebody else is eating schedule so by the time they're done with the show then I'm like, oh man, this is weird because I'm not getting all those texts that I was just morning Yeah exactly I do all I do all e-mail because I like to have my little tracking of the answer in the correspondence Oh, yeah, I'm morning routine is to go through and and who's how far out and those get answered first I still email them back to like I'll have a text for the picture Yeah, and then that way I see it and then I do like a PDF so then I'm like all right Email sent or whatever, you know diet and then they check that and grab it or whatever I have a funny story to tell you guys about like the my my first big show when I had a prep coach Ron might know this but So we start like coming to the end and trying to get real nasty so This was really really old school so I was eating six meals a day Five of them were to lapping and one was salmon Okay, and So he says to me I come in I see him one day and he goes all right listen we're gonna we're into plea you really hard and so I can you tomorrow Just have the tolapia for the five meals and just have the salmon no greens and I was like okay Yeah, so I do it I come in the next day and he hasn't repose and Can you do another day? I'm like Sure So this goes on every day and Finally on the after my fifth day of doing just meat I mean, I'm I'm definitely in pain and like I said this is my first time so it was definitely it was harder than I'm used to oh and He was all right tomorrow we're gonna start filling back up so let's you know he adds the carbs back in and I say hey Jay I'm not questioning you I go but I can't really tell I said what what was it? You were looking for to see change in these five days that you finally saw today each day Yeah, because obviously there's a progression he goes oh nothing he goes I need the whole time We're doing five but I know I couldn't ask you for that up front I was like yeah Yeah It would be way too hard to tell you I needed five days like this. I just asked you to do him one at a time I'll make you prick That's fun Yeah, you can see like Ron said just a few minutes ago like you could do anything for a day Yeah, so it is easy when you're like yeah I just gotta get through today. Yep, and then tomorrow and then also you're a week You're a week and a half out so when he asks for one more tomorrow you're like it's only Right I can ask we're not dying you know what I mean so I learned a lot from that prep just because of the mindset because you really realize like The amount of people that that I've heard through other coaches stuff are like I can't and I'm like Yes, you can yeah, you can't Like you can't not eat for a day Less calories mean I don't think that most of us Who are fortunate to do this realize that our brutal diets are more food than a lot of people ever seeing a day Oh, yeah, that's the That's the the bottom line that I tried to always go back to like I I would always remind myself of that like every time things got really hairy with like you know Just like losing your mind being hungry and stuff I would just try to remember like you know look at the stats of how many people don't eat breakfast and And how many people can afford to like you know Bim meat from the supermarket at all and you know percentage of the population that went without eating meat for You know more than three days on the planet at a time you know like it's It's just realized yeah, you're just like your your your your your torture as hobby is such a privilege Right Is right remind yourself of that you're dying in telling people you're dying, but you're also eating 60 ounces of meat a day right One thing I always always remember to is I've mentioned before how I saw like One year Mike Menser like an old Mike Menser interview got reprinted and he was talking about his diet for the Olympia And it was the 1980 Olympia where like he arguably looked his best I guess one of Mike Menser's best looks and some people thought he should have won you know There was that controversy in all that But his diet to get lean real quick because he did a keto diet he would just drop into like hard ketosis and just melt fat off it was just Yeah, absolutely no fear and his calories would be really low And he would just plummet into it no fear and he would hold his strength because of how he trained it wasn't crazy Hi volume so he wasn't like yeah totally you know He wasn't like frying himself into oblivion. He was just training really hard with lower low volume and and I just would remember like well Mike Menser used to go down to like like 800 calories So my like my my 2000 calories is a joke Right like and I would just remember that it'd be like I'm still eating like you know Over twice as much as Mike Menser used to diet on and like yeah, I'm not just gonna suffer through this, you know And just try to remind yourself of something worse find some some perspective to take where it makes it seem easy Yeah, I told you that was the the aceto effect when I did that year and he told me about having stage four cancer and Yeah, he explained this out where he said You guys I would never be an appointment my life that I would have the the nerve to think of doing two things at once So he's I got to wake up in the morning and I'd say I need to go to the bathroom Okay, and after I spend a month time to convince myself to go do that I go to the bathroom and then I would P and he goes if I had the energy while in the bathroom I would then decide if I could brush my teeth But I would never say I need to go to the bathroom pee and brush my teeth because that's too much too much I didn't realize he was that bad. Oh yeah, yeah He said like answer you can't be like he's supposed yeah, I can't remember I looked it up at the time So don't kill me in a nut but it was like 14% of people who have it survive Wow, yeah, he had a melanoma a bad melanoma Okay, he said the first day he did interfere on which was like the What's it called chemo drug? Yeah, the first day he did is interfere on treatment He went home and he just collapsed on the couch and he was like oh my god this drug's gonna kill me Wow, and he said there was just so brutal. Yeah, but yeah, he he used to say well It's not stage four yeah, so that became my that's that became my prep Things got yeah was he would ask how I felt so he told when you told me that story We were in a brutal my NASA's prep in my career and he said hey, I need you to do me a favor So he told me that story and he said I don't want you to think further than an hour in advance because he knew I had five retail stores and I was like it's too much He's like so when you wake up eight in the morning you're allowed to think about what you need to do between now and nine and Then it's such good good 10 and and So I was like okay cool and and it was brutal. I mean it was hard, but I remember every time he'd asked how are you feeling? I'd go it's not stage four and he just laughed That is such good coaching too that he knew that that would connect to you and he knew that you might you would probably get a head of yourself Otherwise, you know we're in about everything you had to do Yeah, it's a lot them. I think people need it. It's why it's important to have a better feel for your clients aren't He knew that how busy it was and stubborn So it's it's important to kind of slow some people down and other people need to boot in the house Yeah, you know, but it was it was definitely awesome That was my first you know perspective shift in my life because you're like, huh whoa Like to even I mean aim to this day as I tell this or I think like I don't think about paying and brushing my teeth and Like anything like are you kidding me and and when you break it down you're like you know that's real Yeah, yeah, I can't imagine being so tired that you know he said there's times he it would take 30 minutes while Half thing to go to the bathroom to convince himself to go do it because he was that tired Yeah, you know, so that's also why he lives the way he does and why he and I connect the way we do especially after me You know trying to die is He gets it like there's there's not time for sleeping eight hours a day and this should When you realize how short life is you're like no, no, no, no, I'm not wasting eight hours a day a sleep It's garbage That's I'd get your sleeping needs leave to the progress guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah You know, you're one thing because you guys asked you're asking like you know what what how off or when you when you increase frequency And there was another side to that too. Do you guys ever have people continue to check in more frequently even when there's nothing that like You know that they're on a good track You know you don't have to do anything There's a part of me. I just want to start seeing them more frequently and I was gonna say that the way I describe it is Being the passenger in a car and and there's a difference between just going for a ride and navigating and That you want to know like where you're at at all times and you want to know like you want to be able to just watch their body at a certain point You see it every day and Even if you know you weren't gonna have to make any changes There's just one picture one picture one check in is like a moment in time But when you start seeing them every day, there's this Unconscious processing that goes on where you're not even saying like oh you're looking a little bit better here than you were there You just start to get to know their bodies better by watching the movement of the day today. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I could take a two clients That I have who go out of their way to update me Like clockwork all off season And they're like the most consistent you know a lot of people they don't even want coaching in the off season right like they just want coaching for Prep and then you know they save in their money or they're doing other things or whatever And then I can think of two guys said you know they just keep sending me their updates and they have the best off season They're the guys who have gotten the biggest and they have a size on and and almost like just having me to send their photos to is like a Good like Goal marker for them every week or accountability and then and then I just sit back in the videos just keep getting better And then just keep getting heavier and stronger and Just oh you've been what you're doing. It's just that reassert assurance, you know, because then I think without that Maybe they will like oh I'm gonna try something new Yeah, yeah, they'll let me saw this new video about this thing But when they're checking in with me and I just keep saying hey man this is ridiculous off season like to just keep this going They're like oh yeah, I'm not gonna change anything, you know, yeah, so it's what you don't do Sometimes people don't do that like Almost all of my clients are you around because they won yeah, yeah, yeah, the change and that's how I was like I christian never stopped we would maybe go a little longer But I paid up front for the year so it didn't affect me But with my clients I want every five days because I also just want I want to touch base like you said it's not about Listen, you're the off season we're probably fine like you're not gonna look drastically different But I do want to explain to you communicating how's the strength? I always will say I know I'm a broken record, but I swear I'm actually doing my job How is the strength this week? Yeah, yeah So I know that you know and it sounds funny because it sounds like you just keep saying the same thing but like no I'm really need to know you know because that's a progression sign You know one of the most important cause the recovery you know it's out I remind of all the time I always say this but I'm gonna say it again Training as the biggest focus we have how is it going you know so that stuff is it is enormous But I always like to too just because Like it like you said Scott it's part of what I do and it makes sure like I'm not Missing because even even when you were very obsessive like when I'm paying you 253 dollars a month I'm not missing meals. I'm not gonna pay you and then yeah, I was like going to a restaurant ordering a meal paying and walking out You forgot to eat it like you know, but it is easy to let it slip away here and there when you're not doing that and sometimes The financial accountability alone Keeps you locked in and that's probably why like you said we're on a lot of your clients to stay Get the best results. It's not that the other people aren't committed. It's just you don't really realize like For the longest time I used to write down my what I ate every day Just to make sure I never had to write down five meals when they're supposed to be seven Right, it just kept me obsessive because I caught myself at one point where I was like Had a good week of eating and I started thinking back and I was like I missed five meals this week But I thought I was doing well and I didn't catch it until I kind of had my weight stalled and I'm looking and I'm like why might not change it? I've been doing good and then you start really thinking I'm like no I haven't yeah I've been missing four or five meals a week I was eating seven at a time for weeks when they'll wonder I'm not changing and that's like you tell a client when I was like whoa something should change like yeah What should change you should follow the fucking plan Yeah So I thought at that point of my crush I started writing out my own meals like I was a two-year-old and just making sure There it is and so I had pages and pages of the same day every day. Yeah, I have a bunch of log books It just all look identical to three-diculars So it keeps you locked in you know Yeah, yep What do you think Scott? Is that enough? I got there. Yeah, yeah, I think so I've got one more thing. I wanted to I wanted to give in RIP to my good Dave Calig that we lost this past week and instead of making it sad I wanted to tell two quick stories about Dave because Dave was like the coolest guy in the world He really was number one. He was a big metal guy So I know you didn't know him really well really well-run but you guys would have connected and you would have talked about Metal for like you would gone on with you for hours. Okay, so story number one is 2017 when I went out to Los Angeles and I was gonna do the Titan Classic whatever it's called and and I do my depletion workout to Gold's jam and Since I only was gonna train like a couple three times I think It was cheaper to get day passes each time I went in then it was to get the week pass and these things are like 30 bucks per day pass So I'm paying a day pass every time I come in and on my last day Dave was gonna meet me there Dave lived in another part of LA and he was gonna drive out and Come in and take a look at me and we're gonna hang out for a while so Dave shows up I'm getting my wallet out and We just walk right in we don't stop at the counter the guy's at the counter like Dave and everybody in the gym just lights up Is like hey, what's up Dave and and I was like oh wow when you're with Dave Cali get gold's gym You don't have to pay you just walk right through the doors wow You know, you know, it's everybody here. So that's story number one and we had a good time I have a video somewhere we recorded about like what his plans were with his athletes and stuff like over in the the chair area and stuff that day But then the other one was 2019 I believe it was at the the Olympia meet the Olympians and I was walking around trying to do like little interviews with people And Dave was going there. He was like he was gonna go one of the reasons was because he knew I was gonna be there We're gonna be able to Connect so so we did that and I find him when there's like 30 minutes left and I wasn't able to find Brandon curry Yeah, and I was like oh man. I got it interview Brandon, you know, this is I know he's gonna do good here I got to talk to Brandon and he was like oh, okay cool. I'll walk with you So 30 minutes I couldn't get Dave to move more than 500 feet We would walk five feet and then somebody at the table every table literally I'm not kidding you literally everybody at every table. I stopped Dave Because they wanted to say hi to him. He literally knew Everybody in the sport he got backstage at every show never had a press pass or anything like that He's backstage at the Olympia, you know like he's just Dave was at every show and he was like just the coolest fucking guy And I'm gonna miss him a lot Absolutely he was cool. He loved bodybuilding that was a thing Dave absolutely Love bodybuilding. You know it's good about Dave it from from and I didn't know him well But I knew him from meeting him at golds and something I dislike about bodybuilding So when I got into motorcycles again People immediately like rally around what do you need you have questions oh this guy does this like They just like open up their roll of decks for you and they're like let's help you do the Second yeah, yeah, you know, so I mean I am like I had a little service down at the dealership A guy I knew and now I call a friend. He was like what are you doing? No, no, you got to call this guy and now you're saving money Embodially they don't do that a lot of us and I'm gonna say us just because it's fitting Someone new comes in there You don't you don't naturally want to like take him in like you should When I trained at golds Venice in the beginning I started going in there He was the first person who had I never met he just walked up How you doing? I'm Dave Bobba-Bla let me know if you need anything Or if you wanted to wear anything is in the gym because gold is big yeah, and you you definitely had to kind of like wander around at first to figure it out Yeah, and I never needed to think from him I was at that point in realizes, but I was in there with Chris Corrier and But just the fact that that was his attitude like he knew of me and that was all he needed Let me know if you knew and you and then you would see him and you realize like that wasn't me I wasn't special that was Dave Yeah, he did you know oh, this is a new body but if he didn't know me he probably would have done the same thing I don't know you and I own this place so let me introduce myself You know where's I feel like a lot of something I dislike about bodybuilding is when you go into a gym Particularly if they don't know who you are and you see the big guy He's immediately bothered that you're there. Oh, yeah, and I'm like I'm not here to piss in your sandbox. Oh, man. I just want to use the weights and leave and I prefer the opposite Which is like hey, how you doing? I mean, okay, need something you know it definitely shows who you are better And that was Literally Dave and like you said any time I'd run into him anywhere It only problem was I I'm always like a little bit late as Ron knows and I'm like Dave you're gonna have to walk with me bro because we're I got it We can't stop to have this conversation, but we can definitely have it. Yeah He is one of those people. He is he loved the sport and he he was really genuine and like Helping people and celebrating people and we talked we sometimes we just talked about bodybuilding You know and we talked about it was cool because I got to see pictures of like Dorian Haywood and stuff These last few years and Adam you know while they're getting ready It he'd ask me what do you think of this what do you think about doing that or tell me you know what it just he got so freaking excited And guys like Stan McQuay he did such great work, you know here and all those people who worked with him They were also like that same best friend level, you know He he he treated everybody like a brother and he is is really cool and I think you hit something dusty that That's what I think should be celebrated in our sport because there are people like him and it reminds me that I want to be Always be that kind of person myself, you know a great a hundred Well That was good that was good and never got to meet him, but I traveled in a lot of the same circles and I Believe I may have hey not met Dave, you know As soon as I saw who who when you know you guys Started talking and I looked I was like I know this guy, but I don't know this guy, but I know this guy Yeah, oh this guy this guy was everywhere And so yeah, yeah, I wish I would have known him more so well great words fellas Thanks for another episode of of the show. We're happy. It's rolling and we're good to see that I'm happy to see the episode that we posted right before the little sleep we took I'm happy to see that it got a few more thousand views nice You know what I mean like we kind of got jipped that one I was I was upset. I was like Well, we did get several thousand views on the YouTube be channel, but I took that down So there were a lot of people that saw it there and we did questions guys. We need I'm telling you late more questions at last five minute crew We need questions Yeah, it is out so remember YouTube questions get get Preferents and also patreon questions. Yeah, so thank big bodybuilding patreon Keep a producer home. Remember I am mutant.com Dusty 20 big round 20 use the codes guys save 20% get the mutant sent right to your door the ship fast They are super fast get your ice asserted get your all in everyone should get on the gear Remember like share subscribe comment and ring the bell Absolutely otherwise gentleman remember it's just bodybuilding