We've seen Oxia 2025 milligrams actually be quite effective. Yeah. So I think you could potentially run that with something like, say, 25, out of our, and probably offset the appetite suppression quite significantly. What's up, guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I've Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. We've got some Patreon questions today. We're brought to you by evalblotanellysis.com. You can get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK. We're brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition. Check them out in the US and the UK. I've got links to them and Patreon and to eval down below as well as to truenutrition.com. News are a code think over there for all your basic body building supplements like Protein Powder, Creatin, and Intra workout and for our Canadians SupplementSource.ca. They have great deals that change week to week. Dave, we've got a bunch of Patreon questions today. We've got some fun topics. We're going to talk all sorts of gear stuff today as usual. But before we get started, I want to let everybody know. In case you didn't know, Dave is an expert witness for the court systems. He is considered to be an expert on antibiotics. And that's why we have him here today. You reached four hundred and fifteen pounds. If you guys don't believe it, go watch under construction of the film and under construction too. It's not Photoshop. It's all legit. And I've been coaching for 15 years now. So we're here to just share our education and our experiences with you. I would never say that anything we say is the only way to do things. But at the end of the day, there are a lot of ways and we've had a lot of experience. We don't advocate you guys do any of this stuff by the way. Our goal is to work some harm reduction YouTube. So that's the spill. What's up, Dave? You're still in France and you're absolutely, are you but naked right now? I'm in a G string put that in. I left this in thong put that in your head. There you go. I'm from a lot of teaching needed for the audience. Dave doesn't have a shirt on today. Is it hot in France? It's not as hot as it was where we are now. It's about 28. So it's okay. It's reasonable. Obviously where we were before, in the 40s and I was dying. I looked it up on the map. You're like in our north of Paris right now. Yeah. We've been making this way back up. So tomorrow we're going to get within an hour of Calais. We're just stop over and then jump on the channel Thursday morning. Okay. You know what we have to do real soon. I'd bunch of our listeners reached out and they're like, have you guys seen confessions of a steroid gang? It's a BBC kind of semi documentary story type thing. And you're in it. And I watched it, but yeah, we'll do like a reaction to it. Me and you'll do that real soon. But we had a bunch of listeners who have already seen it. How long ago did you guys film that thing? Go. 6-12 months ago. I think he could have been as long as 12 months ago. Okay, it was a lot of good. It looks good. It looks like they looked like it went through a good light. It was winter because it was the film that got a northern fitness. And we're getting freezing in there. That gym looked cool, man. It's in a top four of an old textile mill. Okay, yeah, that gym looked cool. You guys will enjoy this. If you haven't seen it, you can go see it. I saw, I don't know where it's available in the US. I got a bootleg version of it. But it's on that BBC eye player or something like that. All right. All right, listen, let's jump into this thing, man. And if you guys have any questions that you want to have on the next show, then definitely comment below. Plus we're recording this on the Think Big Live channel. You guys can jump in in the live stream. But to start us out, I thought this was kind of a novel and interesting question. It's not one we've really heard a lot, but it makes sense. So Mikey says, here's a question for the next episode. Is there a mechanistic reason while you should avoid mixing orals? I would think mixing orals, just like mixing injectables, would improve the side effect profile. It seems the general consensus is never to mix orals regardless of the total milligrams or relative toxicity. I was looking at doing 20 oxa milligrams. That is, and then two times 10 milligrams per day of deba, so that's 20 milligrams, deba and PM, all together, 20, and 10 milligrams of oral terrain of ball. How would this compare to just running 50 anodroller, 50 deba, or 50 deba, or 50 deba, so low with test, obviously? I don't see any real reason against it. I'm not a fan of splitting. I think single dose is more effective with orals. But I don't see any real negative to splitting, because at the end of the day, the main issues around orals are liver stress and stomach appetite impacts. So I would have thought, I'm mixed like that. That's probably going to be a little bit general on the appetite than say running 50 oxa, just as it is. But I don't see any major advantages either. In the fact that, if you're told a milligrams is going to be 50 milligrams, as it is in this case, I don't really see how that's going to be particularly more positive than running 50 milligrams of say, deba, or 50 milligrams of oxa. Yeah, I think it's really all just side effect mitigation, because let's look at the deba, 50 milligrams of deba, you're probably going to deal with a lot more nasty estrogen size. Yeah, you're going to have a estrogen manager issues. But then again, so with all rolls, like with estrogen, it can be managed. I appreciate that it requires another medication to do it, but it can be managed. Yeah. The appetite suppressant from the total load of all rolls is unfortunately just what it is. Yeah, you can take things to boost your appetite, but you're not going to actually stop the appetite suppressant from the orals. That's going to be very much a personal reaction. So I mean, I can see it where you, like in this scenario, you can make yeast management a little bit easier on yourself, because you can run a part of an oral that, you know, so like in this case, we've only got 20 milligrams of deba. But then at the same time, you wouldn't have any estrogen issues if you just run 50 milligrams of anovar. So I don't see anything particularly negative where I'm going, all know you shouldn't be doing that. As long as you control the total doses, I don't think there's an issue, but I don't see a huge advantage to doing it, apart from, like you said, it was all oxe, we'd probably see more significant appetite. There's old deba, we'd probably have to do more issues, you imagine. So I could see some mild bits there, but from a point of view of actual progression, I don't think there'll be a huge negative a positive either way. Yeah, yeah, I kind of like the idea, man. You know, I kind of like this. I mean, I feel like so, so I would get appetite issues with deba, and definitely with anodral, but not so much with wind stroke or anovar. Those seem to be a little bit more mild for me. So now I'm starting to think, well, what if I had a little bit of deba and a little bit of anovar in there, to get the total milligrams up higher, you know, the combined effort, like his combo here, he only has 10 milligrams of oral terenable. That's not a lot. Like if you're just taking 10 milligrams of deba on its own, I'd do 20, I do 20, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, all 20 of age. I might do that too. You're going to get less estrogen from 10 deba, you know what I mean? And the oral terenable, you're not going to have to worry about estrogen in the same way. So yeah, I could see doing something. I could see this, man. I mean, my experience is kind of limited with mixing orals. I mentioned this before. I had a client who had a prescription for these these capsules that were compounded, 25 and of our 25 wind stroke per cat. And you know what I was like, yeah, well, let's give it a run. You know, well, we did everything else we needed to for the contest prep. Got him peeled and we ran that for like the last six weeks or something like that. And was it any real different than just 50 milligrams of wind stroke? No, but, I mean, you're probably going to be less likely to get the side effects from wind stroke, like joint pain. Yeah. Yeah. So I can see something in it. I don't think he's, from a point of view of side mitigation, I can see something in it. From a point of view of having any magic synergy that increases growth now. Yeah. I don't know. But can you make a favorite might make sides a little bit more manageable depending on the individual? Can you think of any other combos that you would, that you would think possibly would be of benefit versus just running more of the one? Well, all the combo. Yeah. All the combo. Yeah. I can see a limitation of debaugh just because of the ancient being synthetic and quite impacting. Yeah. I can see an advantage to limit in we've seen Oxia 20, 25 milligrams actually be quite effective. Yeah. So I think you could potentially run that with something like say 25, I know. And I'm probably offset the appetite suppression quite significantly. Yeah. I don't think there is an all-all that's long enough, it's hard than Oxia. Yeah. I'd agree with you there. You know, it is particularly nasty for it. I can see some little bits and again with the winds roll. We know each of very effective compound and the stuff that's got clever Scott, not you. Not old Scott, clever Scott. So the stuff that clever Scott, you know the resouce that you were sharing about how effective winds roll is as a compound. But that long-term issue is the joint. So maybe you could offset that a little bit. And part of that issue with winds roll is anti-easyogenic and anti-progestemic action. So maybe coupling that with something like debaugh might actually give you a little bit of an offset balance and allowing you to win winds roll for a slightly longer period. Obviously, live a stress and other things all being considered. So yeah, I can see some, I think it potentially comes more into our own on an all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all, because one of the big limit, in fact, is to all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all. Yeah. Lots of, you were saying, doing an anover-only cycle but you added in a limited amount of debaugh. You're going to get the methyl-astrogen from the debaugh, so you might not get as many libido issues at five weeks in. Yeah, yeah, see that. Yeah, I'm going to see if I do even five milligrams debaub would probably give you enough, you know Yeah, so I could see I could see some yeah, you know I can see probably more benefits now. We've talked about it on initially Yeah, I By the way, too, who's that Frenchman over there that's decided to start up the leaf blower while we started recording Please I'm not here at this second, but I heard it I go to To a pop night and then sleep in the middle Go tell uh, yeah, all right anyway Tanya said People get so overly energized about any blended all dude. I really feel that way man people Especially like newer guys. They love the idea of a good blend. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, there was some what I mean they were called beast tabs Yeah, and they were like oxydeeble Oh, I'm like it's all of it just all of it one yeah, yeah, keep you think Yeah, we had a listener mentioned an unbladswetting gear It was like injectable pre-workout blend that had like methyl trend and test suspension and you know Everything else super draw and anadraw like all in one shot, you know Mephotrans harsh stuff Yeah, very harsh stuff. What I don't really mess with with people I I could see that more in a Power situation or a ston even then exposure needs to be very limited it is Particularly nasty on living in good news is my full turn. Yeah, hey, you know I want to get back to this one down the road You know every time we've talked about DHB. It's just a little teaser Dave, but every time we talked about DHB They'll be somebody that chimes in and says oh man, it's super toxic, you know That's the problem with DHB and I was thinking well, where does this come from? I ran it twice I don't at the time years ago. We didn't do labs like we do today. This is 2009 that I ran it 2019 in an off season and in a cut in And I didn't recall it being any more toxic than anything else like when I did get my labs done anyway So I did some looking around Steve, vigorous Steve has a video on it and he says there was only like two research studies and both of them did show toxicity Both inflammation and liver values and then before him more plates did a video that the title was like DHB most toxic steroid question mark anyway So since then I've had a few people running it and we did labs when they started we did labs six weeks in And so far I've seen no no changes man. I'm I started running it a little bit a little DHB TRT myself I think for DHB one is It isn't everything so it can be a particularly painful injection And that can cause some systematic information Yeah, so I think there is an information factor with it that that probably needs some control Now EQ and DHB have shown to increase liver weight Okay and mainly with the formation of What basically become um Got my brains gone vacation technically Hmm excuse me holiday you're on holiday that vacation but the bottom line is the the sort of if they form Cavities which then fill in hard and but What's being shown is that they don't actually have any real negative impact on function and they're only generally discovered post-bought and Um, I'm no they're not the cause of why you're having a post more and but they just you know they're finding when they do post more Yeah, so yeah, there is definitely some liver impacts how How negative they are I'm I'm Don't I'm not really aware of anything that shows them to be super negative for me with DHB's always been the information side of thing that's been The only thing you really need to watch I don't feel DHB is Super toxic but I do Stressful than a lot of the other compounds. I'll keep you posted because Right now like I said I have people that are running it we've done a set of labs before We've done a set of labs during six weeks in and we're looking at liver We're looking at estrogen and we're looking at C reactive protein so we're we're not seeing anything Negative so far and these are at doses of 300 milligrams 400 milligrams and I'm gonna dose it at 200 milligrams along with 100 test as a little bit of DHB RT Okay, all right, hey, let me know if you die. Okay, I'm Matt no of blends People do really love a frickin especially newer guys they love a good blend You know what we've never talked about is Making the blend work for you Here's my thought Dave if you were to use a blend and I had there's been a couple times I'd use a blend one time I got the worst shot of my life from using a blend and I swore him off but other times though I would use a blend in conjunction with more of each compound because the number one thing man is that you can't really control your dosing You know what I mean so I think the other five to raise the each If there's gonna be a compound that has In correct dosing is gonna be a blend above all else because it's so easy to hide in correct dosing in a blend You've seen that like literally I've seen that in lab. Yeah, it's very rare. I see blends Dost on the Zankar right like okay when I'd done a blend I would do like is it let's say that it was 100 milligrams of test trend in mast I would maybe take a half a mill of that and then combine it with additional mast additional test and you know I mean to kind of all-daltrate the dosing to get what I wanted but you know the other factor too is that When we get to injectable blends A lot of times it's higher dose and then now we're dealing with super softens right Yeah, there is that you know obviously you can certainly some of the blends are 400 plus make total concentrations and Obviously you start getting into stronger Harsher solvents to carry that I I wouldn't say I'm against blends per se And I think it can be useful as a foundation if you're gonna be running higher doses of either compound And you use the blend to sort of just create the yeah the base of it Um each more of the reliability around blends that puts me off them rather than just blends themself Yeah fair enough Hey, I got it we did get a lot of questions and we got this comment. I shared it with you this morning This is the best guy says I used to hate Dave But after binge watching the channel I actually like you guys what the what WTF uses and The next guy commented and he says he's okay as long as he's not breathing loudly into the bike coughing yawning or clearing his music mucus for everyone to hear And then the guy follows up because I can't argue with that. It's only he's back on you know Then the original poster comes and said to be honest he rides me reminds me of my grandfather Which I really hated Like I for the funny thing is is that they're saying they like you but It was like the nicest back it the funniest back-aid and couple of it. I've ever had a what I say I'm sorry All right Guys let's talk about intro workout carbs in saving money So like the past 10 15 years intro workouts become super popular. It's a great way to support pre workout insulin use It's great for recovery and it's great for endurance and those long workouts here's the thing it's really expensive It's not only expensive for us it's expensive for supplement companies they really don't make a lot of money off of it That's where turn-o-trition comes in so turn-o-trition They're not only a retailer. They're also a manufacturer They're actually making a lot of the products that you guys are already buying from other companies So just think about it. You're gonna cut out the middle man the only thing you're gonna miss out on is the fancy labels and in the branding Outside of that you're getting the exact same high quality products, but you're getting it directly from the source If you're gonna pay for the price of highly-branched liquid dexterin and sure that you're getting 25 grams Per scoop not of a mix of carbs, but just a highly-branched liquid dexterin We can mix the other stuff in later, you know Use our code think get some savings plus it's like voting for us. It lets them know that you support what we're doing All right, so we did have a bunch of stuff though like I said and if you guys want to take part in the next show We'd love to have yet comment. I see a couple things showing up in the live streaming In fact, we got an uncle Dave's advice about Ozzy Osborn. We'll get to that at the end We got a giant guy Joseph. He says I'm thinking of trying a test deca cycle Into a powerlifting meet this winner. I'd like to keep the total dosage at around a gram But I have no experience with deca. I've heard a lot of different opinions on the best ratio Of these two, but unsure of where to start any advice on picking a ratio What should I look for while running this cycle? Thanks If you were more experienced, I would suggest actually I would go a higher Deca to test so I'd go form to test six and a Deca With you being in experience with deca It's probably gonna be more sensible to flip that and do as six to four test deca Or possibly even slightly higher on the test Obviously that sort of dosage in a test you're gonna have to be on top of your research management But I like Medium low test high deca cycles and I find them very effective. They're not for everyone And you know some people just don't go on with deca retole The weird thing with deca is I find that when you start to pump the dosage Those don't go on with it actually seem to get on with it better You've some which it's a weird thing and sometimes you know you're still not saying no I'm on I'm on for a bigger Deca and I'm really and I just up it and they're like my I feel about loads better But I think because of a lack of experience from a point of view of managing a drug like Deca And obviously you have to be on point with stuff like product in etc That is probably going a more traditional route of high test over the Deca Okay Yeah, I probably your arms are looking a little extra pumped today. What are you after you creepy bastard? Oh yeah Scott you're right you're looking a little extra property Pow For a better that's eat strings yeah Yeah, they're they're nothing to really brag about but I have been training more consistently They've the last this year I've been able to get consistent again with it Thanks in part to my mitochondrial stack so I feel good but Far cry from what I used to be dude. I'm just happy to be listen I know we joke about my age. I'm at a 50 in a couple of years all right Thanks I feel all right like as long as my goal is I can like keep exercising and doing what I love In the gym I'm good with that man, you know, so I'm just going to keep trying to stay fit I'm just going to slowly get moldy crepate now we got to get you you're not doing your cardio while you're there are you It's been very nice weather have you been walking? It's been very nice weather I'll tell you what man on that cycle if he's never used Deca How what's his experience like with test? I oftentimes and I'm more of a test guy and if he could handle like 750 test I wonder about 750 test in 300 Deca How's that varies gram you can't do math? 58 milligrams Dave if we remove the extra weight In right to use you scope if we remove the extra weight it's only You know what I'm saying man it's ballpark somewhere in there 700 tests 300 Deca I try something like that, you know, because I really feel like and I really did come up in the school of Forgotten the hand handle test that Run your test as your foundation and then from there Modulate with the anabolic The heat the up thing is you know is the gram set in stone can't we do Something of a bit of an escalating cycle where we start You know maybe start 300 and just see how you feel and react and then You know you find you know getting quite what you want you cannot the test or If everything is fine you might bring both up together There's always that option as well that it's been the first time of introducing a new cycle I mean you know is there a reason why you set on the ground I use that on the ground. You might not be it might just be a you know I saw a total of doses he's used in the past yeah, that's true All right, let's see what else we have here um Okay We're gonna say something yeah, and now we shouldn't really jump into comments about methylene blue Do not tell methylene blue with cable whatever you had them they'll do Why in why is that? Because you can get a massive over dopamine stimulation and it can really call some problems Did somebody say they were gonna do that? They said we're gonna do what we were talking about the acronym then they mentioned methylene blue So just because they mentioned methylene blue and we were talking about decrypid was immed Okay, yeah, I think you know what um I'm not the person to explain this. I'm not a scientist. I believe it or not surprise I But I had been learning from a guy who was talking about how it can be beneficial for improving Oxygen and I found that to be but methylene blue to be beneficial for that I'll use it as low as five milligrams Maybe ten milligrams and but I use it intermittently on days that I really could use it I found for me Running it daily is not the jam. That's not the thing I want to do but running it infrequently Let's say that I'm gonna have a hard workout coming up and Or let's say then we haven't just might my breathing isn't as good that day Which is an issue that I deal with with the mitochondrial dysfunction stuff I could benefit from a small amount Just infrequently and that's what I've relegated it to it's not a daily thing from I'm no experience with it But I do know that it has a strong action within dopamine receptors Which is one of the reasons why it has the effects it has And if you combine that we cave as well you can really overload the system I could see that you also have to be careful if you're using an SSR You can get serotonin syndrome with it. Yes, you can as well. Yes, but if you use it infrequently too Regardless of what you're doing. I think you're it and at you know the lowest doses that you can I mean because I started it five milligrams. I've seen people using five times 10 times that amount, you know So in five to ten milligrams I think you the last you take of anything Well, a side effects you're going to get from it obviously less effect effect you're gonna get from it too But I'd ask myself what am I looking to get from it first? You know what I mean? Yeah, that's the thing to make it to me. It's a pretty cool This isn't a gigatmark at all, but I think there's people that jump onto things because they hear it as the light is both And I think it's important to go just to simple question of do I need it is what it does Gonna be beneficial to me You know, or am I just jumping on it because it's the light is both thing that everybody's on about Yeah, so what it does with your breathing is it will kind of rewire your aspiration Which you're about if it's healthy it's already wired to breathe just fine So the point of this researcher that I was learning from is that if if you are already wired properly You know because a lot of times there are people who are saying oh I can get better oxygenation Well, I'm training so I want to use a methylene blue if you're already wired properly Then messing with that on a regular basis might not be the best idea You don't know better than your body does you know so you have to respect that too All right, I just found David yourself. I've been running. Oh wait. Oh, yeah I've been running a moderate test 300 milligrams a week looking to take it to the next step So should I increase the test or add master on or add growth? I love you knowing I've been annoying annoying my wife with the constant background of Dave's subdued tones LOL love it Dave subdued tones I think it's you have a very you know radio friendly voice I Do I So my first question would be at what period of time have we run 300? Yeah Because if we've run 300 for the last three months then then I know it's not a huge dose, but I would still be looking to probably drop down to a correct trt for a period of time before pushing back up to I did a second compound if we've only been running it for four six weeks Then they yes the risk of to have a second compound or in just increase the dose either way But yeah, the only thing the only question I have about is what should current exposures been do you need actually take a break Before you push into more compounds or greater doses Good point Let's say he were to take a break and come back fresh and do it all again I personally and and I don't know what his goals are but I don't care if he's using test in mass I do 300 tests 300 mast or even 300 tests 200 master 250 and 250 I think that would be a great jump upward for either cutting or for bulky, you know From where he is I totally agree. I think for anyway between the sort of 450 six hundred is is viable as an increase Under one to one would would would completely adequate Yeah All right How about this one says 400 milligrams of test a week 300 EQ a week 16 weeks And a draw kick start at 50 milligrams a day for four weeks 200 milligrams of NPP a week administered every other Other week I think for eight to ten weeks just running what I have left Should I make any adjustments what are your thoughts on this cycle? Yes, you say every other week every other week on that NPP Just gave blood not long ago and had heart high RBC from the NPP last cycle What subs should I run if any oh I do have a Robinson on hand just in case Thanks muscle daddy Dave The only bit so the MPP rather than do it week on week off. I would bunch it together Say at the back end Not a big fan of of oral kick starts, but it's not the end of the world at four weeks The only other thing is obviously keeping an eye on on hemo You've got epoxy at a start point which is is gonna drive him a globing up quick and then you're getting by the time that's finishing You're gonna be dropping into the EQ being quite effective as well, so right I think we have to keep an eye on FBC and just see where Emo and Redblossol's are Fumbo vax Yeah, yeah, I'm just talking about that You from the max as native canase in it and then the other product is IP six Yep, I run the two I run a few grams IP six a day You got to be a little bit careful with IP six he can send you the opposite way as well if you're overdo it so Just be aware that Overcooking the native and the IP can actually send you an e-mail I also so this has two thousand FU Nato in it and then it also has Sarah peptase Which Sarah peptase does something very similar to nato kinases? It's really good for avoiding clots which is something we need to be careful with when you do get thick blood So I used to run Sarah peptase on its own as well as nato But now since I'm running this I read I stopped taking the other Sarah peptase. I do however run an additional cap of nato kinase So I'm getting 4,000 FU this plus another 2,000 That's strong by the way guys our our advertiser in fact. They got a couple stickers from strong sitting on my desk still Get that one Dave and You for it Suck it England I should put that right here and then like And I'm running some of our viewers now, let's go. I'm just intended to offend you That other viewers are okay. I like I like all of them All right What about that NPP at 200 milligrams every other week? Yeah, I go if he said he was using it what you had left which is fun. I get it you know economics of cycles Why by gear if you've got stuff you can use up and you can make something viable with it But I would just rather than run it for a longer period every of a week I'd bunch it open to a short period but every week How about that? I just just seems a lot of messing around doing every of a week and and I don't see any real advantage to it How about this Dave we pull out the antitral kick start and instead Increase that NPP dose for the first four to six weeks and then as he gets to the tail end of the cycle say week 10 It's a lab work done and he sees where his hemoglobin is and if he's in a relatively decent place Then he adds in the antitral at the end and if the option use the MPP to drive until the EQ really kicks Yeah I know I like that yeah MPP That and the option of the oxy to finish yeah, no, I think that's about a move You might be on the answer this question because you know Krullinger Is Cuba from nuts? Same as me no he's from rubber What's nuts? Nothing home. I thought that way to been what he meant. I would assume nothing him But no he's he cuba lives in rubber Well, I was good as a robber to me fair But obviously he's Polish by descent Yeah, I I bought an old bike from the sixties in my garage bicycle. It's by the brand called Robin Hood and it was made in nodding him Why did you buy an old bike? I bought it 20 years ago because I needed a bike. I needed like a little surprise You didn't buy it because it wasn't old bike. You just bought a bike that happened to be an old bike Yeah, it was cool. You know, it was like a cool old bike And you know, it's got the big the handlebars that come up and you have this secret bike fetting you were collecting old push bikes on the quiet and I don't know anything Yeah, no just that one but I kept it me because it is cool It's not worse like anything It probably especially the condition it's and it's kind of you know It's really so big so valuable. I looked it up. It was worth like fifty or a hundred dollars So it's more than I paid for it, but finding the bottom I guess would be the thing right 20 years of usage and a profit Well, can you say you got go wrong with that? Yeah, I think I bought it for five bucks too. I wish I had a cow would do that for once right All right, I have trend based Given that I was given by a buddy and it's water based I've been scared. Oh, yeah, this question. I've been scared to take it in case of infection So Davis saying first time use there's no risk of infection right I might consider taking it once and then throwing it into the trash. I love the way People hear what they want to hear in a podcast. I don't think you ever said that did you no No, I said the risk of the fact is that the water bone won't sustain multiple needles That doesn't mean it's sterile in the first place Right however Three-key Yeah To get oral Yeah, I guess you could it's trend based but it's not it's not mathal trend. It's just trend based Yeah, just take it all Okay Huh You see you don't see it under the tone 45 minutes before you work out. Let it go through that blood vessel job who Love the podcast. I'm curious of super draw is basically 17 a a mast if if super draw is basically 17 a a mast around Why is the effect at such a low dose? Once it passes through the liver is it the same as mast around no aster No, um now clevers got with that on the pharmacology of this but Alculating compounds and methylating compounds really does have a significant impact in how they effect it when they enter the body So if you were looking for an easy way to describe super draw then yes the the closest thing you're gonna get is an oral mast drawn That's as close as you can describe it but The reality of that is that when you take these compound the effect within the body can be significantly different to Master on in the same way as something like a methylated trend is significantly different to trend and how You know certain of a compounds that go through various processes to to make them By available in different ways also impacts How I mean you could argue debolves effectively testosterone But it has a significantly different impact Particularly with the ishogen conversion and the type of ishogen conversion it converts so So when you look at base compounds Altarization of carbons and methylation and other things that are done to them to change how they operate Can have real significant impact on their effect within the body All right say clever Scott will be able to give you the proper science of what that carbon out and those there and what that those there and white changes it so much I'm too stupid to do that. I think we did do that breakdown one time and muscle minds I mean if it was just you know like What did he call it master on noester then Imagine what deep debol would be EQ right noester because deep debol is not isn't in my correct in this day It's basically the 17-oculated version of aqua poison You know I don't actually know yeah So I will I will bow to you and that one so All right Anybody correct me if I'm wrong on that you know at the end of the day I'm sure I'm y'all yeah, I'm not a scientist guys. I just have Two decades of experience with this stuff in real world after Yeah, was it Dave Palombo No so last week we were talking about Boston Lloyd and I said I can't think of the guy's name as guy who coached him with coached a lot of younger guys We had a bunch of people who commented it was John or Rork who Who had coached him he'd coached a bunch of young guys early in the day like early in their days and he got them using a lot of gear like Boston He also who do coach a big country what's his name? What's his name now coming to you, but I can remember his nickname and I'm picturing his face the biggest dude Yeah, a lot of a lot of gear a lot of orals That guy No, come back to that one kind of more of an uncle days advice question question for the next episode is there? Let's see we did that one Is there anywhere that I can look at C Dave when he looked his biggest yeah go to watch under construction the film part one And there's a few pigs online as a few pigs on my social media. I ain't never Was never very good at doing the social thing when I was I'm a bigist Yeah, yeah, it wasn't the fact that people weren't doing that I mean, but you did have a lot of smart Yeah, but I was just never really good at I could have been a lot of matter But there's this pig's low in about you're just search Dave date searches name There's a lot of outpapers as well, so please All right, so I wanted to make sure we got through a few patriotic questions Hey guys, I'm five weeks out from a show and I introduced trend ace a couple weeks ago Guy no has randomly entered the chat my E2 is 59 on the Australian scale Which is low normal my pro lacticin is low, but my progesterone is elevated should I decrease the trend dosage and lose the Epic look that I have in hopes of lowering progesterone or is there an insillary? I can take to mitigate the guino trend a started at 140 milligrams and is now at 350 milligrams Also running test pro bit 350 milligrams and master on it 700 milligrams The issue developed when trend ace was brought in aside from the guino developing the look is epic Thanks for being a staple part of my daily life team I'm confused What you confused about But chest strong wouldn't only have an action to to promote guino in fact But gestions even been suggested by the likes and done to shame has a way of managing guino Because he's simply pro lacticin And it is pro lacticin is low Yeah, now the other thing I'm curious about is did he do a sense of estrogen test Hmm because if he didn't then his issue shouldn't should be through the roof because the trend will be showing his issues And if he did then fair enough it's probably inaccurate reading So that would be the other question is there's some it just I don't know for me there's some it just at all Because if each of you is truly low And pro lacticin is low There the two mechanisms by which guino is formed because we're going to lower in a DHT from trend which lowers natural protection against guino We get pro lacticin drive in and increase in ER sensitivity and number of ER receptors at breast tissue and then we get each region hitting it With more effect because it's over sensitized from the trend and there's more receptors there and there's low DHT Not progress I mean I got a solution how about this so he's got five weeks He just posted this two two days ago My first point would be yes, I would here's the beauty of trend acetate And this is the reason why I use it in all my contest prep guys if we're going to use trend We can pull that trend out and you will get a dramatic reduction in those symptoms and side effects really Quickly so you've got plenty of time, you know, and I would argue that the look that you have Is not based on that trend alone you are not going to lose that look I might consider Let's consider when stroll is coming in as a bit of an alternate that's what that's where I was going it But I'm not going to just say alternative I'm going to say this it five weeks So I'd get that wind sterling now like yesterday and I'd pull that trend out and then I would give it a good Eight ten days of no symptoms no side effects whatsoever and then I would add that trend back in at a lower dose I've had incredible success with guys that were in good shape using low doses of trend and I'm talking low competitor Dersu's I'm not talking about the what tier T plus guys are using online and what you hear people saying on YouTube I'm talking in 152 hundred milligrams per week, you know, so yeah I would say you can get a nice effect from as let list 50 milligrams and try to isolate times away Yeah, yeah, I go there man You're still going to get everything out of it plus Adding that wind sterling is you know, you're not on an oral. Yes, so you're going to be able to take this look even a little bit further a little bit harder dryer Entitling so I don't I think you'll actually look a better Than trying to deal with this gyno and fighting that all the way in you know Yeah Yeah, sometimes I guess you know what sometimes Real world experience I don't necessarily have the answers as no What but I can find a solution. Yeah, I mean like I'm in the I'm in the line of finding solutions I am just I'm He's okay Yeah, I might have a better days too Hey, Scott can you a Dave touch base and becoming a successful competitor client taking good pictures What makes a good client and and vetting a coach? Thanks From what makes a good client I would say honestly Yeah You need to be honest Does no point telling your coach you stopped to the plan if you haven't done because your coach is gonna judge their Adactions and changes based on how you've changed so they think you've run 2000 calories for the week and you've actually run free Then they're gonna be making on necessary changes because you're just not sticking to the plan Yeah, so I think honesty and and up front with a with a coach is important from a from what makes a good client Deerance To an extent I think the other thing is you also need to be realistic as a client in What you want to achieve and what the cost of that achievements gonna be I If I want to stand on stage and be competitive That's gonna take a lot of work and a lot of dedication if I just want to look after decent for a holiday And things can be a bit Looser and potentially a bit more flexible so you you know you've got to be realistic If you want to achieve extreme results is gonna require extreme work and I think a lot of sometimes Clients going with coaches thinking that the coach is gonna provide them a magic formula that means they don't have to work Hard or a drug formula that means they don't have to work hard and to be fair anything after Isn't he's gonna require effort? That's true from what makes a good coach I Think it's not always about a coach being good sometimes is just about a coach that fits you Now that might be In the way they do things so arguments like some clients like coaches that have spreadsheets and You know lots of data Tracking Other clients you're not gonna get me to fill a data form in a million years and then rather just have a What's up message or a voice note just saying this is I'm a week's being what do I need to do? Yeah, so I think it is also finding the coach to suit how you work as well And I coach that You agree within in their basic standpoint some principles we all have our own way of doing things And it's not that anyway is right and another way is wrong. Yeah, there are some things that are just fucking stupid But for most parts any decent coach that's got a good client base and getting decent results He's doing things that are successful but it might be different to our novel Yeah, like for me. I'm I'm very training focused very training focused and and I I'd like Kinds a lot of effort in for that side of things Overcouches aren't so you know some coaches give you a very basic Training plant you know just go do that fucking up. You know how to train and I'll do the diet and the drugs out of things So it's it's finding someone that you gel with and communicate with Is another factor and but yeah as well, you know can you afford the coach can you afford the coach long term? I mean there's no point going to coach the charges 250 pound a month if you're only gonna be able to afford it for two months and then that's a job Yeah, that's a good point too I mean he's probably gonna take a coach for the six weeks to start to really learn What you're doing how you react it may be even longer you know, particularly if you're not very good at it here and so Yeah, the coach needs to give you a set of tasks see how you complete those tasks and see how your body reacts So they can learn and there's no it's all right you come into a coach and say oh well I'm me Susan sent some this I'm that I'm the other And times that I tend with the grace respect for everybody involved You're wrong Because you've not looked at it from an objective point of view you've looked at it from a point of view where you've been in the middle of it and you've made certain assumptions So Yeah, you know a coaching commitment is gonna take some time But communication is very very important and if you don't feel you can communicate with a coach Or you don't like the way they I mean I remember J.P. was was super super straight on check-ins And you couldn't get communication outside of your checking window Yeah, that's me was when I first started coaching I just you you you're checking it on this day and that's what you got you know Yeah, if you have more question if there was an emergency it's different but that's the way it used to be this is this was 2012 And that's what I had been coached so that's the reason I did that Yeah, and if you had questions then you could put those questions in your email that said I don't want people just randomly like things that are unimportant because of Imagine you have let's just say you have 50 clients and if every client has just like hey I was just thinking what do you think about this every day? Then you've got you hours of work, you know, so there there is a line but I yeah Yeah, I remember it relax with my clients, but that's because I need them I need them to be a bit relaxed with me at times as well Because I've got multiple things going on so I can't always be Bang yeah, you know, so it's a two-way bridge you know I will tolerate you checking in late As long as it's not all the bloody time But at the same time you need to tolerate if I'm maybe a little bit late and reply in one week because I've busy with it Sort of doing that or whatever it may be so yeah, and I think that's the thing is you need to establish what you want from the coach But also what the coach wants from you and see if that's a workable agreement between the two of you yeah Just add a couple things number one be coachable if you know it'd be a good client You have to be in a position where you're coachable if you think that you've got everything figured out and It depends on the then the relationship for me, you know, depends on the person if I'm working with somebody who's already very experienced then it would be foolish of me to not rely on their experience and lean The conversation isn't it but talk to them about you know What works best for them that said also at the same time you have to even that person who is experience they have to be willing to maybe try things differently at the end of the day, you know if if you're driving what you would do even It was working and it would be talking to the coach because it was already work it so yeah, you do Yeah, I mean you get people that will come to you and you sit right there. Well, I've always done it this way Yeah, but you've not got where you want to be so obviously that way isn't working Yeah, there's an idea of that if I'm driving you have to also be willing to let me drive because I'm trying to like follow your directions I I can't be my best as a coach definitely coachable is important and I work with people that aren't and we've talked about it and you know Sometimes that's just the way things are and then sometimes there are people that start out as a good fit and then they they are no longer a good fit later You know, these things evolve Good check in pictures. I would say that your coach should tell you what he wants or she wants and that's gonna be individual, you know So it comes down to what that coaches expectations are I could tell you what I want But that's probably gonna be different than what what Dave wants Scott us for news regular Good All right We did have something else let me just scan really quick here in the stream because I think we did have a couple things here See if we can knock one of these out and then we had an uncle Dave's advice Says gentlemen. I am not a patreon customer. Well, that's okay. I mean we appreciate everybody I appreciate everybody who does take part in patreon You guys are definitely a big part of what floats the show that said we're here to help everybody What's this word Catch Kaxaxia Kaxia I don't even know what that is I don't know what you trying to say yeah, I'm gonna look it up here CAC H E X I A C AC I Was the sentence I don't know how A condition in a more per cent Body weight during loss of muscle Including loss of muscle and fat in a person who is not trying to lose weight It's a muscle wasting disease okay. Let's see he just he just outlined that for us All right, we'll get back up to his question here Okay Where is it now? Sorry he commented again and that made me lose my spot Oh here it is only 20 milligrams Anitrol 5 milligrams meant per day plus TRT 90 milligrams a week in a hundred milligrams Deca is enough to not lose weight can the average human keep that up long term Have you tried a less a combination? I wonder too um So I would Leave none of that on the surface of it to be honest strikes me has been particularly problematic Yeah But I was just wondering have you tried a less aversion like have you tried just a test and Deca? Because I mean he's one of the things Deca was developed for was muscle wastage Yeah Billy leave me alone. I'm hot and I'm comfortable in my frowness You know I can speak to a friend of mine will who has muscular dystrophy which is a muscle wasting his Type of muscular dystrophy is called fascio scapula humoral which affects those areas and Eventually everything basically up top will continue to degrade It's interesting because since I learned about his particular type of muscular dystrophy I can spot people that have it because you can see the way that the muscle degradates It's sad because eventually what will happen is that Somebody who has that type of muscular dystrophy will suffocate Because they have they don't have the ability to Basically keep their throat from collapsing in on it's enough He's used the through research studies. They found that believe it or not L buterol Because enough clenbuterol right or brother of clenbuterol It does have Anticheda ballic effects So he's used that long term for its benefit. I wonder and what I'm trying to do here I'm thinking outside of the body building side outside of the AAS side of things because he's on You know I mean we want to keep the guy healthy in a life Can we do that without taking anodrol is my question? You know what I mean? foremost it's current protocol isn't scary me but How about the next decade or 20 years? Exactly you know you would you would I think he's definitely worth looking at alternative compounds that may support I just I'm not aware of any of the top of my head Obviously I'll do troubles definitely something I've got more I've got more then I would also look at growth hormone You know growth hormone is something that in a low dose you could run long term I remember my tell Williams was I believe he was talking about growth at one point my tell had MAS or has MS and He got really jacked at one point once he found out and I think part of it was like he's trying to get everything as strong as he could So I look at like everything outside of AAS first But then also to a fuzon T or T that's great Does he need more than T or T and if so how much more can he run a higher N T or T? I don't know how would how would T or T work in conjunction with Anything else that was anti-cantabolic like albuterol or alodos aclentbuterol We're not talking about running clinic 200 micrograms. I'm talking 25 or 40 you know And long term that's not going to have the same Heart implications is that we talk about in bodybuilding where guys are running 200 you know nothing to 200 Like yeah, you're going to have a lot of heart stress but if you're running 40 every day Your heart rate will get back to normal basically, you know the same with albuterol It's a medication that's used long term so just just thinking outside of the box What if you were to go from several different angles outside of the anabolic world So that you don't have to put as much stress on with antibiotics. I don't know Yeah, I would definitely definitely look at a broad spectrum approach rather than focusing on just on a boy What if I'm forced to be on my knowledge so I got really out on that? Yes, it says that caused causes weight loss and increased morbidity The major cause is cytokine access other mediators include testosterone and insulin like growth factor deficiency Access myostatin Hmm So That would suggest that GH might be a potentially beneficial route. Yeah, yeah I'd just look into it more do research. I bet you that there's research studies on growth hormone with it, you know Simple Google search in fact what if I just put that in and And then I got a Yeah, look it up. I'm seeing some stuff come back right away Okay, so Josh asks us for uncle deus advice Ozies impact and culture as he has born that is the overlap of fringe groups like metal bodybuilding Leaving a legacy kind of stuff I don't really know a huge amount about Aussie. I mean everybody's a devozios born he's an iconic character Just in modern culture yeah and I Wouldn't say that metal Has been fringe for a very long time was was Aussie And Was Aussie a leading factor in making metal mainstream potentially but then I also think bands like I made and played a role in that as well and you know some of the other Sort of heavy metal stroke rock bands and I'm amazed the lasted as long as he did consider that we lived his life because he definitely lived Yeah, you know, he's had several relapses even in his later years He's had several drug and alcohol relapses even in his his 60s and he definitely lived a life Um He's definitely somebody I would like to have met I think he probably had quite a genuine view on life yeah For a man and I think from what I know a little bit was his farewell concept was In his head his wake he did that deliberately because he knew he wasn't long for this world and he what that's how he wanted to go out Yeah, so Ultimately respect for a guy that's lived his life how he wanted to live it took the blows that came with that And actually controlled his way out as well as much as he could I mean yeah, you know I've got respect for people that live how they want to live Accept the consequences of that whereas a you know a lot of people will live out of one living in their own Constantly that life's been cruel to them well, no, you know, you know, he you know He never denied what he did or in any way excuse the effects of that Yeah He wasn't iconic frontman But I don't know enough about the industry of heavy metal and rock music to to be able to to say how Influencio he was in that world it was obviously significant and massively Yeah, he was breathable. I just it's not my genre so I finally developed it to be able to really say much more than that I mean I think no doubt at some point some sort of book will Yeah, cocaine alcohol was towards what anabolic was to me yeah potentially I'm sure this story's and I know Sharon's alluded to a few things in interviews It's just absolutely mind blowing the stuff that used to get out to oh Yeah, but I think she deserves a saint or put it up with him Yeah, yeah, that's true, too, man. He's a character. That's for sure. I'll tell you what you know He lived a life right and I think that there are people out there who I remember talking to this one guy. He was like, I don't want to like do anything that I like He's like when I he's like I want to keep it in the package You know keep it like he's talking about his body He's like I want to keep it in the package, you know keep it so that it doesn't get like beat up and used and you know Keep it good but then if you keep it in the package and you don't really get to play with it You know what I mean you don't get to do stuff you don't get to take it out the world and like live life I mean I I gotta tell you Dave I lived so I'm gonna be honest with you man. I lived some hard hard years, you know and I I'm not living hard anymore Will it have affected me? Absolutely, you know could that be related to why I got sick? I don't know It could be it could just be luck of the draw could be a lot of different things But it is what it is and all I have is where I'm at today I'm gonna do the best I can with that and when it ends it ends and you know what man I did a lot of fun stuff along the way, you know I would rather have done that than not take it out of the package, you know Yeah, there's a balance obviously, you know you don't want to have a Full lifestyle Cool thing we gotta find that Dave we can't say that word all right You don't want to have a come a cozy lifestyle Yeah, yeah, that's a good way of putting it yeah But at the same time the most interesting people I've met are the ones that have lived life Yeah, yeah, you know life is for experiencing does that mean you have to do things that Health adverse even risky no But it also means you can't wrap yourself up in cotton wool and bubble wrap and then expect to have any You know we develop as humans through stress trial and tribulation and experience and and living We don't live for a computer screen we don't live through Technology and information we live through experience and that's I think so many people miss experience now because They exist in such an easily virtual world. I'm not on about Virtual reality but in the sense that We get exposure to beautiful parts of the world and fantastic scenery without ever having to actually visit it Yeah, and I mean I've seen pictures amount Fuji like most people have online and whatever for years But nothing beat actually standing in each shadow a look in I You know that's an experience I'll take for the rest of my life I thought you got to do that man. I'm glad to get to do your trip right now. You're in France like that's pretty cool I'm so incredible no amount of of you know Web surfing was gonna replace actually being there and looking at it yeah Then it's I mean I went to Stone Engine I was lucky enough to actually get inside the circle And again you read about these places and you read the history about them and you read about you know the theories about what they were and everything else But it's not until you actually go and Touch an experience in the There's something about that place that is We got not a bad way just it's kind of atmosphere that I can't describe So yeah, you know I think Aussie pushed it Two extremes and there's no doubt it did damage and there's no doubt it affected his life I have no idea to be ever regretted anything. I don't think he did from what little bits I do know Yeah, but he definitely lifts a life and I do believe life is for living You've just got to try and calculate the risk a little bit and see if you're willing to pay the price Yeah, I'm with you 100% of that man 100% good balance in it Don't don't don't leave this world Wishing you hair don't something just you experience things I mean That this is some of nothing but we were up at the other campsite and there was an all mighty electrical storm Okay, and I rolled around about the slate and I actually got I wish I've got open gone and sat outside and actually watched it to be honest because I feel like I missed something there That I could have actually really enjoyed Yeah, you know and it's silly little things like that that You miss out on the rich fabric of what life can be I need to really take any effort but we just yeah Mom looks to it you know not every experience is gonna be good not every experience is gonna be enjoyable But I guarantee you'll have more good than bad if you've just embraced it and give it a go Yeah, all right guys, but we appreciate to tune it in and definitely go to Evail button else is that kind of get your lives done by Dave and the UK did were you accepting coaching clients right now? I am yes, I'm gonna I'm gonna Let you know some things next week Okay, some changes with the email some stuff Oh, okay But yes, I've got a Pad Coast start and begin to September there is a couple of slots left on that And I am taking on new clients. Yes All right, and of course, or we have advertisers that we don't mention on YouTube you can hear about them on the audio podcast or You know head over to Instagram something like that in Obris Hit me up, man if you want to talk anymore. I have a couple other just general thoughts That may or may not help things you may or may not have thought of before but I'd be happy to explore that a little bit further with you In your condition Like I said it's something I thought a lot about with my friend Will who has muscular dystrophy maybe some of that stuff could apply But I I'm glad to hear that you he's had he has been researching he's been sick for 14 years So more power to him to keep learning about this stuff and and figuring things out and at least he's found something that's benefiting him Short-term hopefully he can come to some even better conclusions and find other things that You know can can continue keeping him here and happy and living the life that he wants to live for a long long time Of course go to true nutrition calm use our code think over there for great deals and basically wholesale pricing and Supplements Including like all your protein powder creatin interwork out stuff all of that Use our code think to get 10% off on every order and it directly supports the podcast Supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week In strong sports nutrition you can go to strum in the US now. I'll have linked to the both of those below by the way Tanya Miller is with us of course and she says She'll be at the oh with strum this year so it looks like strum is showing up So if you go to the Olympia be sure to head over there and say hi to the team I don't think I'm going to be invited by mutant this year. They haven't mentioned anything So I probably unfortunately won't be able to make it this year but also too Anybody else ever getting patreon we had some patreon questions leave us more of those Hit Davey are Dave or I up for coaching and yeah for another episode of podcast we'll see you soon thanks Dave