Each time I put those carbs in, it went in at about that 3 to 1 ratio, 500 grams, gave me about 2,000 grams of weight, which is about six or seven pounds. When I did the other, the carbup was like 12 or 1500, it did the same thing. I went from 196 to like 208, and I was doing a six to the next morning. I mean like that. It all like, it mathematically worked out actually really well. And there was no water retention at all. What's up guys? Welcome back to Muslimines with Dr. Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNeilly, and all of our programming is brought to you by TruNutrition.com. What's going on man? We've had a couple of weeks off here. I don't believe we call it Team Universe anymore. We call it The Universe. It's not a team universe. You were at the Universe. The Universe. It was always a team. It's funny years ago, how long ago was this? My buddy, we just mentioned my gussison, was doing the Naba Universe, which was like two weeks before the universe or the TNPC Universe. He was a WF-F-Naba Pro. And that's like the whole intermingling industry of all those group. But Naba is like the original like that's where you know, Arnold Franklin, those guys had their starts. I don't know where it stands down in the UK, but Naba has been around forever. I'll tell you what it stands. So I talked to some of the guys about the Maris bodybuilding association. Yeah, yeah. So they're known as being like a very old school organization still. And I think they're a little bit behind the times because like that is at the PCA. I think that they're kind of on the cutting edge of everything. I think that Naba does, if I'm not mistaken, I think they do and like a straight through show that they don't have burning in night's show. So they're, yeah. Yeah. Well, I remember, yeah, you're totally right all that's dead on. So like, not, I think there's a split too. Kind of like, there is in the IFBV as well. This is like, when I last time I looked to it, just because the personality is just strong and they just can't get along. Right. It would be too much for bad humans to get along and like, you know, work towards the common cause. But so Naba was like, it's something like Pennsylvania, like the Northeast New England area. There's also WFFF. So Naba or one sect of Naba has joined with WF and they're like an international. So they have a world championships and the universe and they feel like he went to the Praitoria South Africa where Arnold did the Olympia. I'll be damned. And competed there, you know, and my buddy Mike, so he'll probably watch this or at least listen to it. So anyway, it was funny because I was too weak out and he came to stay with me for a week because it was in Orlando. Yeah. Interesting weekend because there was like four body gliding shows in Orlando. It's a long before COVID of course. Yeah. That's very time. Like there was that happen. And then there was like another or a national organization. And there was like I think two NPC shows. Okay. All in one relatively small city kind of cool. But I went in and they people, it was hot. It was summer time and they're like, what class you and I'm like, I'm not competing. And it was all about Mike. I was there to help Mike, you know. And they kept on like forcing me to like, like, come on, you should just jump in. Yeah. And they actually heighted me. That's the first time I create my height was on 58 which. Okay. Which is good to know I actually had that done again. Oh, I haven't talked about that. I had an interesting experience from the universe this year. But anyway, that year they wanted it literally. They heighted me, they weighed me. Like this is where you'd be. They have like a different levels of muscularity division. So at your height, they have like, Ward different categories. You could go into divisions classes. I mean, know what term they use. But so kind of like we have basically, men's the board shorts, classic bodybuilding and then open essentially. Yeah. The physique, classic and then open. They had like four categories. I came with what they called them. And I was in like the heaviest one. And they're like, well, you could win. I actually thought about doing it because I could have like gotten a pro card in knob but that would be FF. Everyone was saying that I could. And I'm like, well, if I do that. And then I, they're probably not going to be go to the universe. Oh, yeah. Because the year before I got in second at the universe, I was one place away from a pro card. So I was thinking, you know, maybe who knows. Didn't happen. A trade to that basket. Yeah, but I'm like, so it would have been funny. I like I could have been like, had it all worked out. You know, I could have been Mr. Universe and then Mr. Universe. Samaltini's in two different organizations. And no one would have known because it would have been on the Danlo. So anyway, so many different things there. But I did the, I wanted to talk about just because some people know this. But when I, you know, somebody I just compete because I, this is my thing. And then I want to take that information and then distill it and bring it back to people. Yeah. I've got some stuff to talk about other than this like one thing that kind of people were blabber gas at about when I talked to them about it was that I do my own color. Oh, yeah. I figured that out last year. And I did that for the master's national. It did that for the team universe this year. So easy. It's funny. So easy. You know, here's the thing Scott is that I did my own color. I was resistant to using spray tan until 2017, the last season I competed. And then I just spray tan every time and I'll tell you what, man, to me, I would say the exact same words. So easy because I didn't have to, I didn't have to do it myself. I didn't have to think about it. I just went in. Right. My sock or didn't have my sock depending on what day it was. And got sprayed, turned sprayed and then I went home. It was even I didn't have to think about it. And to me, I think that there's a new generation. I don't think that they even know what you're about to talk about this, this putting it on yourself. Like that's that's I know that's it. That's that's why I'm talking about it. Yeah, well, here's the thing, if you were staying in the host hotel, yeah, that's you know, $200 a night host hotel or the one with right? Or yeah, just crazy. And you just have to walk down. Yep. And it's a smaller show. The time is reasonable. It makes sense. I think it was, they all get kind of learned together. But it may have been last year when I did, it was, it might have been the team universe. And I had an appointment set up with the host tanning, the official tanning group. And they sent me my time late afterwards. And I was staying in an Airbnb to save a little money. And it's like, oh, 330. And whoa, yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, God. So I ended up going with a, I just can't, literally, I just canceled that and went with a, I mean, I just, I took the money and I just swallowed it, you know, because I just didn't want, because I was going to have to drive, get up and get up, like, 245 in the morning. That could affect your money way. Yeah. It was just, yeah, it's just awful, it's a terrible thing. There's so many things that happen. I don't want to make this a bitch session. Like, at the big shows where they have you, for instance, the Mashers National Institute, they had a standing for, I didn't time it, it seemed like, like, eons. But at least 45 minutes, just standing and because of, I guess because of COVID, there's no, no bands allow. So there's nothing to pump up with. What's looped you from the pump up area to a line and then they lined up the three groups. And there was, you know, 20 guides in a, in a weight class. No bands. And the, yeah. So nothing, like, not even flip flops. They just didn't want any mess back there, I guess. Okay. Which, normally, so there is no, no pumping and you're just standing there, literally, you know, which affects everyone equally. So it's not like, you know, but it doesn't make for the best on stage appearance, I don't think. Sure. But back to the taning. So if you're, if, yeah, you're right, you just, you don't have to do anything if you think about it. It is true and I will say this. Sometimes you get someone like, okay, she's obviously, usually it's a woman with the man, not always, but most of the taning that I've seen and done is mainly women doing this break taning. Everyone's come all the guy. Because women can spray guys and women, but guys can't spray women. Yeah. So you're, yeah. You're kind of, that's not gonna work. But sometimes they know what they're doing. Yeah. Because they know how important it can be. And then every once in a while, I'll run into someone and they have a rough job. So don't get me wrong. Like they're dealing with all these crabby bodybuilders, you know, who are like spaced out and he taught it and dehydrated and, you know, they say, okay, turn this way and they turn their wrong way and lift your arm and they lift their leg and they're all kind of fucked up. Right, right. Yeah, I mean, I can't imagine how unfund it can be if you don't take it with the right attitude. But you don't always get the best service. You don't, it's kind of a crap shoot. So rather than having to drive over and take the extra time, I just, I just, I think it was one of the shows here in Florida that was driving distance from my house with the first time I did the last year. Liquid sun rays sticks on my skin like none other. I don't know what it is about the pH of my skin, the chemistry of my skin. Maybe they should have a phenomenal product. Yeah. I think the products are evolving over time, but oh yeah. Literally, I think it cost me like, I was, I've got a big jug of it now, but I used, I think, two little mits you can get them on Amazon. I think I'm maybe ordered one with the new bottle. Even using old bottle the second time. It was the year old just to see, I just wanted to see if it would go bad then go bad. Yeah. Like $9. Yeah. The tan myself as opposed to $200 or 150. I found with Liquid sun rays, I like using a roller better. Yeah. Found that for me, I could get it more evenly. I had a weird combo that I really liked. Now for me, Liquid sun rays seems a, for me it sits on my skin a little bit dark and I feel like it takes away from my, that I have a problem with tanning really. It does to me to take away a lot. Yeah. I look like I lost six weeks. Yeah. So here's what I've done. I like the tone of that. I like the tone of Liquid sun rays. I like the thickness of protein. Protein is really, it's that real thin, but it's kind of weird color like orange. You know, what I've done is, I've used Liquid sun rays first. Plyde that the night before. Excuse me, applied that Thursday night and then Friday morning take a shower and then it all washes off. But now I'm stained. And I have like a golden brown, reddish stain. And then from there I apply the protein. It leaves the layers of protein on. And I'll do that like maybe three layers of protein. Then by Saturday morning I have nice color and it's still really thin. It's like protein thin, but with that really nice color that you get from Liquid sun rays. And I know they say like don't mix these. You could have battery actions, but that's what worked for me. I mean, it's just it's been a while but talking to Nikki Henry, Dave Henry's wife who worked for protein. You know, with Carl Everton, it was called a saladis. She's been around, you know, if you don't know if Carl is and you haven't competed in the last like 20 years. That major NPC show at least. So it's kind of a crash. You've everyone's got a different formula. Yeah. Like they were like branch warrant, I guess with someone who always had problems, you know, he always turned green. Yeah. And they always had to figure things out for various people. Seems pH seemed to be one thing that kind of target. But yeah, it's a little bit different for everybody. So the thing with me about the Liquid sun rays, I don't even know, I would like to do that. But I went put it on and literally a week later, I still have just as much color as most people do. Like some people come to all the way off. It's gone. Yeah. For me, it's just stays forever. So which I don't mind, but it makes it hard to do experiments because you can't get back to some of a baseline, no color situation from backhandly for a long while. And I find too that adds a complication. If you do back to back shows, the way the tan it hears to my skin, the first show, is different than two weeks later, three weeks later. And I found the same thing with clients too that, you know, usually it doesn't that second time, doesn't stick very well. We got a question actually, that kind of, and I have a question for you. Yeah, yes, related. Cory Wright says, have you ever used tanning injection? So I think he's talking about malanotin. And let me take that one step further. Do you think it's back in the day when I started, it's got we used to get a really rich based hand before we applied the color? Do we even, do you think we even need to have a based hand in order to get a tan in order to tan nowadays? Does I feel like this stuff is so good? I mean, you could be, look at Ian Valier. I mean, obviously one of his shows, he didn't look great this year. His color was a little off, but when he nails it, I mean, he's just as good as anyone else. And he's a, this pasty of a Canadian is you can get, you know? Yeah. Sometimes the people who have the widest skin, the action that came up on Fruits podcast, because he ends on there. And so is James Hollingshead. And they're both both. You white. Yes. And James, I think James agreed with this, but Fruits, like you look, seems like you lose a little bit from, you know, your normal skin tone Instagram pictures to what you see on stage. Yeah. And I've always felt that. Me too. Either the toned like, and you can't not do it. You mean, really, unless, I mean, even like, even, even guys who are the black is the black will still do it. Yeah. And I think sometimes they lose something too. They like the, the most dark skin competitors who actually end up too dark. Yeah, that could be an issue. That can be an issue depending on, and some of it's like the guessing with the lighting that they may have at the show. So true. Yeah. As far as the taming goes, it's an interesting thing because taming in it of itself, what you're doing is, you know, it's an insult. I always used to, sure the taming is as an analogy for training. You know, if you wanted to get a good tan, you wouldn't like go to the taming booth for like two hours once a week. Right. You know, you tan a little bit each day. Yeah. So it's an insult. It creates an inflammatory response. And that, you know, could, I don't know. I've never, I have to really, really dig and dig and dig. But it's something where you're, you're constantly, you're training your skin, at least in a certain sense, to deal with that, that incoming, this case, you the radiation. And, and, and, and, and at least maintain some general inflammatory health, let's say, some resilience, which may, may impact how it deals with the chemicals that you, that come with the tan. Yeah. So let's say you're, you never have any, chemical exposure. And this, this fits generally with, of immunology in a certain way. I don't know how much of a generalized ability there is from, canning to, using color, but, you know, if your skin's being tan regularly, you're getting inflammatory response, that should seem to happen. It's a shaving to, there's a little bit of a injury to, some elsy shave and like, like, for the second show, I didn't use a razor, just did a, a buzz. Oh, I have that better. Yeah. You can't tell the difference either, you know? Can't. And the hair goes back, anyway, the sum degree by the end of the day, you know, not that it's being judged at night, but yeah. If you, let's say you, for you exactly, if you tan on Thursday, you shave beforehand, right? And there's all they Friday, and like if you're a particular hairy guy and you go 48 hours, you've got stubble, sure, by the end of the morning, they show anyway. So, but you want to avoid, like some of that inflammatory response and the, and the bluriness that can come with that by the irritation of the skin. So, but if you're constantly doing that with some tanning and some shaving, you develop some resilience, at least against those two things, that may have some carry over this is what I'm guessing, maybe with the, with the color, I don't know. But you're also like, you're also going from completely white and totally trusting in the tan, the color that you apply to create the color of your skin. So, not that it can't be done, but like, let's say, you know, like, let's say you're, you're going to paint your car or something like that. And you're going to go from one shade of green to another shade of green. Yeah. You know, you're not going to be, you don't have a perfect spraying device for it. And like it's going to be, you know, the DIY type of job. If you're going from one green to another green, it's not going to be as noticeable if it's a little bit patchy than if you went from white to green. Right. But on multiple coats, obviously, just as you do with the tanning. So there's more room for potential air if you've gone from a totally white untie and skin. And there's maybe something that goes on the interacts with having stress to skin with shaving repeatedly and regularly, and tanning regularly as far as what happens when you put the color on. So, I think it's helpful to have that color there, generally speaking. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, TrueNutrition.com for making this all possible. TrueNutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC Training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, TrueNutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code Advices, you directly support our podcast. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. We're gonna start with the program. We're gonna start with the program. So, you were initially, we're gonna start. We were gonna talk about your carbop, too, related to the show. So, what happened? Because I know, one of the last times we talked, you were like, I think I'm gonna make heavyweight, having eaten carbs in two weeks, man. And you were getting pretty damn lean, you know? So, what, where were we gonna go with this? Well, we're gonna go with what I'm about to tell you. The story of the carbop. Okay. Yeah, so, I tried this last year, I thought, I was no way I'm gonna make light heavy. Yeah. I got to, like, 207, I'm like, I just can't. I'm gonna look too, too shoddy. But I was pretty close. I was getting, I was getting outside, because I'm, you know, I'm not at the top of the way class. Yeah. Yeah. So, I said, well, I'll see if I can get there. So, I can do it. So, basically, I dropped my carbs. I had some, with a couple of nice meals, after the mashers, the national's and there's five weeks into the team, and you, I think it was. Okay. And basically, I had went keto for that entire time with the exception of, like, one two-to-carbohide carbop test run. Okay. And I, and I made weight. Okay. I got down there. And it was pretty fucking rough. It was just, no carbs, you know, a lot of thousand calorie days. Not a lot of fats on some days. I added fats back into some degree. Once I knew it was going to get there. And that, there's various nuances there. It wasn't, I don't, I don't like the look from just a bodybuilding ethos perspective. It was just, I haven't been that small in that light. Yeah. For a little, like, 20 years. I got, well, the family, you know, I hadn't been a light heavy since early 2000s. Yeah. And some of that was dieting down because on that, on the brink, you know, I was probably losing some muscle just to be the top of the way class. Right. But this time, I, so what I, what happened basically is, in the course of that period, I went, I broke sort of one of my cardinal rules knowing I was going to have to do this in order to get down to, to 198. And I didn't have carbs over the course of repeated workout. And I trained, I think I estimated, I trained everything nine or ten times with any incoming carbs before I did about a week or about a carb up test run. Okay. And I put it in about five hundred six hundred grams of carbs. So physiologically, what that means is one, I'm just, only a shit. So, and I'm dry a shit because there's really, the, all the adipose tissues of shrunken down that, that, that, that, that, interstitial space under the skin where the, where the water goes first, if that's where you lost the fat first, that's come down some, my skin shrunk down, for somewhat, because I've been lean for long enough, it finally was happening. So, there's not a lot of extra body water floating around. And the muscle cells are, I want to say like completely, when you talk about depleted, they were depleted. Like, they're probably was no glycogen there, because I hadn't taken any carbs for, you know, ten, eleven workouts, whatever it was. Sure. So, when you bring in carbohydrates, there's, what, a couple things happen. The glycogen, the glucose is brought in. It's, it's, it's converted into a glycogen, macromolecule, which includes a protein called glycogen. And there's also an osmotic effect that brings in water with that. So that idea, I cover this in my book. We talked about it before, I talked about a podcast that, you get three grams of water per gram of glycogen stored. That number actually is like a round-up of, I think, 2.6, which comes from a rat study, looking at glycogen storage and rat liver. If you look at the data, they've tried to, where they've tried the cessas in human, all over the place. It's highly variable. I found them in different circumstances, but, but, if you, it's not a bad estimate, generally speaking. Okay. So if you consider the amount of glycogen that I could, I could store from none to a super compensated state. And the amount of water that come with that, it was, it was a lot. Maybe 2,000 grams, because my liver was empty, and my muscle was empty. Wow. So that's two kilos. If you take that three to one ratio, let's just say it's a thousand. Take that three to one ratio, and there's, there's three other kilos. So there's four kilos, or about nine pounds, a potential weight. Well, I wanted to see what happened when I added, there's one of the things that has to happen when this happens. So cells in order to maintain balance in terms of pressure inside versus outside, and maintain fluid homeostasis in terms of the intercellular fluid pressures, and concentrations of electrolytes inside the cells. And outside the cells, you got sodium potassium. Tasty them inside, sodium is outside. When you store glycogen, you pull water in the cell, gets bigger, it needs to maintain that potassium levels. It needs to pull potassium in. Oh, yeah. Okay. If you don't have any potassium, or you, you don't, don't have a whole lot of fluid outside from which that potassium will be drawn, and you're pulling in massive amounts of potassium, because you're storing massive amounts of glycogen, because you're so glycogen depleted, and it's all being just soaked up like a mouthful, your insulin tends to be sky high. It's a very easy thing, this conceptually, theoretically, that you could end up pulling so much potassium out of that extra cell, your space, which includes the bloodstream, which is providing potassium to the heart, and watch out with potassium levels in the heart. People who don't use like potassium is praying dioretics, for instance, run into issues, cramping all those sorts of things, cramping, and all those sorts of things, cramping, and all those sorts of things. You can end up hypocholemic, needs low potassium. Well, that's what happened, baby. Oh, you went hypocholemic. No kidding. Well, I didn't measure it, but that's presumed what happened. Yeah, okay. And I plan on this possibility. Okay. But here's the interesting thing, that's just sort of fascinating, fascinating from a physiological perspective. And it's something I tell people just for the sake of safety, and warning them, and just being careful that this effect could be so substantial, the chapter, watch out for it. So when I did a practice run, they don't want to carve up too much. Just want to get an idea of what was going to actually happen. I put in like, I think 600 grams of carbs. I could go back and look at the numbers. Okay. And I put on like, I think it was about eight pounds, something like that. Okay. So, and I didn't spill whatsoever. I bet. Yeah. And I started cramping about four or five hours into that. And I drank that water with it to kind of match what I guess, maybe you might get that three to one ratio, something like that. And actually what I was drinking was diatonic water, for the quinine. Okay. And I had a multi-mineral, and I was salting as well to make sure I had plenty of minerals, so the body could handle whatever it needed. And I was adding up a tassum supplement. Yeah. And what else was I doing? Taking massive amounts of torene. And I probably took in 15 grams of torene. Wow. He didn't matter. Yeah. Cramping was ridiculous. Most people would have freaked out and probably go into the hospital, I think. That was that bad. It was that. And I just so I'm like, okay, I'm not going to obviously, I don't have to worry about this. So I just kept on adding water and more torene. And I ended up drinking, I think, probably, you know, ten or twelve liters of water over the course of, you know, I don't, eight or ten hours. Now did you say this was during the, was this during the mark, the mock carbup? It's just the mock carbup. Okay. Yeah. Just double it. I think in that many grams of carbs, I didn't go for it all. Like just I had some sushi, very, very soup, like tuna rolls and tuna pieces. Yeah. And some homemade battery pancakes. I think a sorbet. Of course, yeah, sorbet. Yes, I'm sorbet, of course. And when that's, that's actually something I might, that's great because there's no electilites and there's no sodium in there. But, and I probably need, you're going to need those electilites in order to maintain some balance, especially. And this is what, you know, Candice talked about so many times if you really depleted. And you really dried out and you do a shitload the day of a show and you shitload like crazy. You're not going to spill over for probably 24 hours. Yeah. Really got down and dirty depleted. Yes. And also the shitload is a nice thing. And this is why it is not a bad approach whatsoever in this regard because you're getting plenty of sodium, potassium, electrolytes. You're not eating, try to eat clean things like sorbet. Sorbet is sort of a tool for me. Because my body likes those carbs, but it's also basically free of sodium, potassium, those sorts of things that can cause issues. So you know what you're getting, it's just pure carbohydrates. And, you know what, too. I would like about that. It's free of volume. Because if I'm loading for a show, one of the things I realized I need now is to keep my stomach small, flat. You know, I want it to be, I want it to, I want it to almost be hungry now, I think, is my new thought. When I'm ready, you know. Well, I feel it won't eat anything the day the show has. Yeah. Reason. That's kind of what I end up doing to need much, but I didn't need to after I'd filled up. Yeah. Right. And also, if you look at the weight, really, to the number of grams, it's about a three to one ratio. And then sorbet, so it matches that number, too. But the main, the main take home is that I expected some cramping because of this impact on pulling potassium out of the blood into the cells as I was loading. And I did everything I possibly could. I want to sort of came on. I, you know, I took some, I did some prophylactic tornine and some minerals. And, but I wanted to like make sure it was, these were dry. It was dry increases in muscle volume fullness. And that's filling over. And literally, Scott, I would be like, I finished my carbs and like, okay, I think this is, I think I'm good. You know, literally just pouring the sea salt out doing this and like, there's a Tory, like, you know, five, one thousand milligrams of Tory and drank another liter of water. I'm like, I think it's a good to go. It kind of flexed my foot, my calf doesn't cramps. Like, okay, good. My back's not cramping. Yeah. Probably brought my day to, as I trained legs that day. So I just wanted, I was, I didn't put the whole week together. I just wanted to like throw some carbs and see just, to figure out what actually ended up figuring out it was a very smart idea. Yeah. I was going back on it. But, and I just light it on, I start to fall asleep and all of a sudden, oh, oh, you. I hamstringing would go. And my, hamstringing would go and I try to straighten my leg out. Then my quad would go. Yeah. And then I try to push myself out of bed with the other leg and my glute would go on that side. Okay. So, and we're talking like really, really strong all out contractions. Oh, yeah. So, I got on my stuff there. So I go through the same rig and roll. Kind of stretch it out a lot, give us some time. Five minutes of agony. Lay back down, stretch off, sleep, think and pass it. This happened all night long. The whole night. So, it was pretty bad. When I came around for the actual show, the wanes were Thursday, I waited, I made wait. But it didn't seem so Saturday. Yeah. So, it actually worked out in my favor. I did all the things I doubled up on. Like, every the touring and everything, I still had the cramping because I didn't take many carbs and after that I went back to no carbs. Okay. I still had all that cramping. I got closer. Wasn't as bad, but I would basically didn't sleep that Thursday night. Which is okay because the night before the show, I slept the best I ever have. Nice. Nice. It's amazing dude. I've never slept before show. I like when my best night is to sleep in the whole breath. Wow. It's so tired. I think it helped my look the next day because it's left. I think a regular person. Okay. So, the bottom line is that you need to be careful with that. And this is, it can be remedy to some degree because I was able to pull myself out of it. But I was just, I was so, I've never, I literally, I was telling my buddy Mike actually. You know, when I did my first, first couple shows you remember, it was like, it was very, very different phenomenon to go on through the dieting process and really push that hard. So, kind of a no man's land and it's, it's, you lose perspective. I think on that after having done it for some because I've done so many contests, perhaps. And I know how to do that. I just can sort of walk through it in a certain way. They've been there done that. This was a diabolically difficult diet. Oh yeah. In order to push my weight down that far. Yeah. I knowingly was like pushing really hard. So, I don't know, I don't know many people's would ever truly get into that scenario that I was in. Worked. The body was just sort of like, not knowing what the hell to do to process those carbs. But that is a phenomenon that can happen. This is a question that Ken got asked to think on the, on the book. And you're, yeah. He had said it. It actually had come up with one of his clients. And that's how he learned about it initially. And so it's something he has to watch out for. And let me ask you. So if this is, this is, so this is that you, the potassium is getting pulled from your bloodstream. It's going to the muscle. And you're supplementing with touring and sodium. Why not supplement with potassium? I did. Oh, okay. Because I didn't even mention that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Potassium gluconeid. I had some actually have a, it's like cave factors. It's in one of the boxes around here. Okay. There's various forms of potassium. Oh yeah. And then you can see like potassium gluconeid comes in like 99,000,000 grams of pills. And that's like 1% of your party. Yeah. They don't want you to mess with your potassium too much. Right. But I took in a lot. Okay. Yeah. You can, sometimes people will go like they use like sweet potatoes and things with high potassium. I was going to go the wrong direction. Yeah. But potassium can be a difficult thing to balance. And the way to sort of think about this is literally, and this, this, this is, this is a solid piece of empirical evidence that what people talk about can really have. And when you, when you, carbuck, you will get drier at the same time. Uh-huh. Because that water is getting pulled from outside the muscle cell, which is in part under the skin. We don't want it. Inside the cells. Yeah. And what that means then is that, and when you compare those two compartments inside the cell, muscle cells and outside the muscle cells, you're relatively speaking dehydrating that extra cellular, extra, extra, myoselular compartment outside the muscle cells. You're dehydrating yourself. Yeah. In terms of what the neurons are seeing. The neurons are outside the muscle cells. And when you get cramps, it's a, it's a function of what the neurons are doing. Mm-hmm. The neurons are the ones that aren't, are having a hard time maintaining the membrane. Okay. Well, at polarity and they're just spontaneously depolarizing, then you get, that's when the cramps come on. Okay. So you're literally dehydrating yourself. That's a certain way. So the key is going to be water, probably taking in more water and potassium and sodium. I always say like throw a little bit of everything in there, but a practice run is super duper important. Yeah. Especially if you come like I did and did what it did to try to make, it was, it was a really, you can tell. I'm still excited about like having had the chance to do that experiment. I don't, you know, I may have looked like, you know, I just stepped out of a concentration camp. And I kind of did. I don't like to look at all pictures never do justice. I have, I have a picture, I think, back pre and post color. Okay. But I can put up that shows I was in pretty good shape, but I don't like that look. It was two wither away. But what I learned from that and like this piece of information and this experience is just invaluable. Yeah. Like, I think I got third place at like five or six. Okay. You know, in my class and my in the over 50s. Okay. So, you know, it's no that really matters. You know, I could have gotten last. I could have gotten first. But what I got to learn was really pretty wild. That is cool. I will throw this out too, just because it was funny like I had a laugh with another of the competitors. So I went in and they're like, they've got so many people that are trying to shuffle through for the way. I got there early. I literally looking like an hour before and so I could get in line and get in and out and then start to eat. Yeah. Oh, because I wanted to make sure, when they tried to get the carbs in, if I had the cramps, they'd take the carbs out, the top of the cramps before I got on stage. But when the maximize at times. So I go in, I'm like the first guy through and these are mainly women are checking in the early. You were competing that the next day or maybe even, I think just the next day. Okay. So I go through, I'm bodybuilding and I need to weigh in. They want to the height me. Like you don't have to height me. I'm bodybuilding. There's no height. Yeah. Like we got to height him. Don't we? No. Don't have to height me. Can. But I'm doing. I'm not in classic. Yeah. Because they didn't know. I was like, little of the first guy through, I think on that day. Yeah. And I went over and I said, so I put in my application as a heavy. But I've died of my ass off and I should make light heavies. Yeah. I even got down. I was 196 when I left just to make sure. Oh, you know. Yeah. Yeah. That's very bad. I intentionally did that. And I think they weighed me in even less than that. Because some of it, skills are always a light. Sometimes the go the other way. I was one of the be sure. Yeah. That's the one to fuck around with that. Get back in line. The line was like 400 people long or something like that. So the guy's like, he's like, he's like, I'm just weighing in whatever you weigh you way that you weigh class. I'm like, okay. I just want to let you know. So I'm afraid of that, you know, I'm going to be a different class than I would like what I registered for on my paperwork. Yeah. So yeah, I didn't matter. He's like, that'll care. Okay. Okay. So I'll go ahead. So I went through and did that. Give my music. The whole DJ thing was funny at that show. There are some people listening here probably went to that show. The DJ did drop the ball on so many of that. It was like, I was like, I was actually looking forward to seeing what I was going to get. Yeah. What am I going to get the post to? Some myelysyrus maybe or something. Yeah. I didn't know. So the morning comes. They do the over 70s, over 60s, over 50s. Long day, long day. Even if you're just doing the over 50 and over, you know. Yeah. Well, we're right off the bat. So the older guys are first. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So it's not the age preference. Yeah. Which is nice. I like that actually. Done earlier. So they call the light heavies and they don't call my number. So I walk over to the guy is a young guy. And he was perfect for that job because he likes he's just like a take no shit in the Englander like getting lined. Do what I say. Pipe down. Here we go. Come on if you're not here. Then screw you. That's it. So I went up and I said, hey, I'm actually made. Wait for the light heavies, but I'm probably not on your list because they didn't register the heavy didn't know I was going to make light heavies when I put in my application. He's like, I don't have you here. I'm like, I know that. I'm going to tell you this. Is it could you check on that because I'm in the light heavies. I made weight and I've that's glass of one I'd like to compete and he's like, you're going to get on stage one way or another. What's it matter? You're literally sad. It was very close to that. I'm like, well, it mattered all those days when I was I was like I was in a concentration camp. You know, trying to get down to this weight class. So it's very intentional that I don't think he competes. Yeah. Obviously, I was with me in the least. I'd love to give this guy a shout out right now. Yeah. No, I mean, no. No, no, no, no. There's no, no, fuck him. Sorry, fuck him. It was kind of interesting. He like, I'm like, I didn't like no, even went to say to him because he just he like he's really kind of so he gets on his phone he call or he's self on puts his head said in call somebody. Yeah. I just figured out I'm waiting there and he's like, you know, like I'm waiting here, waiting here, waiting here and here. So, so, okay, so they start they bring us back so we have to go through the catacombs and the underbelly of the hotel in order to get back to the backstage area. And so he lines, he runs us through which is put me at the end of the line and then he says, okay, and he turns around he walks back down to where we came from. And he doesn't say anything to me. I like I got no confirmation if I'm in the weight class. So I walk up to the young ladies who are the expediting and I said, so here's the guy who just brought us up. He was going to check on this, but I haven't heard. I don't know that I'm in the list for this weight class. She's like, what? I said, why made weight? I registered a total whole thing again. Why are you the guy who waiting in? Yes. Who is the guy? Yeah. Who like, he's like, I don't give a shit. Like, he remembered that. I'm actually glad, you know. I can't forget the hair. So what he said, he was like, like, you know, pushing us through pretty hard then. But he was totally cool backstage. Very relaxed and cool about it. So, go, I remember you. Like, yeah, you weight like 196. I'm like, yeah, there we go. He's like, hold on. Let's confirm all this. Like, make sure, but here you remember the top of his head. So you're going to know why I remember that shit. But I do. So literally, they're confirming that I'm in the weight class as the first guy is going out and doing his major towards something. It was going to last. It was going to last. Some people would be losing their mind backstage about that. Oh, I mean, you know, it wasn't like I'm going to, you know, enter like head. I knew it was going to get on stage either way. It doesn't matter. It's like, how the bikini competitors, you know, I'm on, it's all that matters is that I'm on stage. It doesn't matter. Weight class or anything that kind of thing. So, so again, there's a pierce of this, you're going to love this. So I did the over 40s as well. You might as well, you know, it's actually two-fifth. Sure. So they call the light heavies. And they don't call my name. So I went up to the guy and I said, hey, I think the same thing probably happened. He looks at me's like, what? I said, I was in the over 50s. I mean, the light heavies we couldn't have. I mean, he's like, what? I was like, oh, yeah, you. Okay. What would they ever figure out? I'm like, why, maybe the light heavies. He's like, okay, hold on. And he did a like head to a miniature version of that. Yeah. And when I went back up, it was very easy that time. But it was like, I figured that would probably happen because you know, I'm not going to switch me over. But it was really, it was really funny if we do. It's just like, ah, you're going to get on stage and going to be here the other. And I'm like, I knew I made weight. Like, there was no doubt in my mind. It wasn't like, you know, like you guys. In fact, I didn't get upset. Like, lose my mind because, like, I had, it's kind of like, there was, it's like there's, if I went in and like, you know, there's a, I'm the plaintiff of, and I having being shot by someone. And there's video footage, you know, because there was in the stadium full of people. Like, the evidence is clearly in my favor. Yeah. But I'm supposed to be light heavy. If you guys don't get me to that class, it's, it's not going to look good. Like, you guys, I know this is going to have to happen. There's just no way it's not going to go down this way. Yeah. You know, like, if it does, then, and obviously it was fine. But it wasn't concerned that, you know, they're going to drop that ball. And they do, I see that before in shows where they bring someone out and they have, you know, someone come out with another weight class. You know, sometimes because they were late or, I think because they've made administrative error, but anyway, so I did, I did, and I was probably like, I think that was 206 on stage. Okay. Yeah, after the car book, because I held that weight. Wow. It just stayed. Yeah. It just stayed. Oh, I guess so. So, yeah. Anyway, so that was the main thing. It's just to share the cramping thing. And I literally had to do the car book a whole day early, which I don't really would anyway, but there was no water to drop. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's the thing. If you have dieted down that hard, and you're really that depleted, you can kind of carve up and fill out. And water is like, I have a peak leak protocol that does seem to help many people. And part of that is literally just giving them something to do. Yeah. Boxes to check, you know, here's some sort of structure rather than relying upon it all kind of come in together magically. It gives them, you know, basically just to plan to follow. Yeah. As opposed to just trust that your car is going to get you there because the autopilot is going, like now you have directions, you can actually feel like you're in control. But if you diet it down and push that hard, and really are that depleted, you don't have to, you don't have to have to worry about water. There was no water. I don't know what I, I don't know. I could have drank, like gone into the convenience store and grabbed the pickle jar. So they have, you know, and crunched drink, a whole, you know, whatever five gallon thing, a pickle juice, and I wouldn't held water. Yeah. So that was so depleted and so dry. So there's a lot of juice that I got to do what I like to do so much is like, so I knew that it was the case, because I'd seen it previously in various forms. But now I got to like really push kind of beyond that line. And each time I put those carbs in, it went in at about that three to one. About that three to one ratio 500 grams gave me about 2,000 grams of weight, which is about six or seven pounds. When I did the, the, the, the carbup was like 12 or 1500. It did the same thing. I went from 196 to like 208. And I was doing a six to the next morning. I mean, like that. It all like, it mathematically worked out actually really well. And there was no water retention at all like, I, I didn't, I didn't push it to spill, which I normally would have. I didn't want that cramping to carry over. So my next time, if I probably go down to that way again, but ideally, I would have spilled and then dropped the water. That's the point of filling and spilling, which is Ken's term. But I borrowed from him. Because when you spill, you know you, you've, like, a super compensated and then some, and you're getting a, this is what I think after there's a backup effect with that glucose, doesn't get brought in. There's no more room to store it. So it gets sort of like sort of like the line leading to the bar, you know, backs up to its outside. Yeah. So the glucose is not in the, in the bar where it would be pulling water in, instead the, those patrons, the glucose molecules are stuck there. They're pulling water that, intercellular, or extra cellular, interstitial space in the whole water. So I would have liked to have done that, but I was scared if I did that, then I cramping would have been an issue on stage. I didn't have a long, that was going to take so check it off. But, and I also, those carbs when they went in, even though I hadn't been eating carbs like my body, it's just punched them off. Oh, my bad. Yeah. It was crazy. It was crazy. So it was a really, like, the extreme of the extremes that, at least that I've experienced, when pushing the weight down and, you know, with the food and everything else, and I got the really kind of test in a full blow and experiment those notions of, if you're in shape, that you're going to feel up really well, you don't have to worry about water. Yeah. How much weight were you put on, you know, theoretically versus what actually happens, and it all, like, it was always pretty cool. It's like, it's like, you're, you're right, it's like NASA. Like, we've got all these calculations that go into launching the rocket with the fuel and the propulsion and the angle, and it actually went off the way it's supposed to. Yeah. Yeah. And so that was pretty cool. So I just wanted to share some of that as well as make people aware that the cramping thing is, can happen. So be ready. Yeah. Anti-cramping. That's awesome. That's cool, man. Yeah. Doing it yourself. I feel like it, and even like we look at your last prep previous, well, the previous season when you competed, like there still, we still get questions about like you eating high protein in that prep today. Like, you know, we're still learning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, we're still learning from it. Let's cool. Yeah. You know, the thing too is that I did, when I was doing all that training with out any carbs, you know, the pump was I got some kind of a pump, but it wasn't like anything. And what I've noticed too, but I've told people and I've known this for a long time, when people do the fortitude training stretches, yeah. You don't have much metabolic stress because you don't have the glycogen to foster the production of those metabolites. Yeah. The lactic acid is in there because the glycogenolus is sucks because there's no glycogen to do glycogenolus this way. If it's all gone, so you don't get a pump and the stretches don't hurt. Okay. Then you come in after a show and your nice and fully done a carb up and those stretches hurt like shit because one of the muscles bigger and taller, there's more metabolites there. Yeah. Just look at the pH and all the other things that give you that pump feel. But I was getting like no pump, but I ended up hanging there pretty well in terms of strength. Just, you know, the sets would, and this is just people pass me these questions I mentioned before, the thing I would just, my sets were bonking. I could tell the bonking would happen. In fact, it kind of happened early on, but you notice like when glycogen gets lower, there's sort of a bonking effect. You know what the bonking term is from marathon from the endurance world, what bonking means? Yeah, we kind of talked about it before. Yeah. But you know, the marathon runners like the monoglycogen they have and how fast they use it. If they haven't, like a super compensated around mile 20, the run on glycogen, like a genus superior in terms of providing ATP for energy during the running. So when you run a glycogen, they just the speed of running will kind of go down and they just hit the wall. That's the bonk. That was happening to the sets. And I would just kind of keep on going, but I could feel that happening like all, there's like, there's almost a gut to feel that there's no bonk. There was just the muscles like kind of a little bit non responsive in a way. But you just battled through, but first I went from filling those bonks because the glycogen level is getting low. And then I went to where like there was no pump, but I just kept on training hard. And I didn't lose much, I just, you know, meated it out and just dug in. But it was interesting as well. So that was another aspect of what happens with glycogen use and the pump and those sorts of things. So the stretches were, I was like, kind of like, I'm like, I'm stretchin' as hard as I can. It doesn't hurt. Because there's no metabolites. There's nothing there. Yeah. So anyway, I think that's all of my, those are the main insights. For today. You know, I'm sure, I'm sure there'll be more. We had a bunch of questions. You had some from Instagram. We got about a dozen more while you've been talking. I did want to tell you a little bit about my training because I managed to, I managed to hit a personal best yesterday. And the dumbbell incline press, which has been one of the lifts I've really been working on. It's got, I just realized it's been a year since I've been working on that. And I'm just now, what's that? That's how it happens, man. Just keep plugging away. Yeah. It's been a year. And it was about a year ago that I did a set with the one tens in David Smith told me that my form wasn't really good on it. That I wasn't really using a full range. And I started talking to him. And initially, I was like, because it was the best I could possibly do. And my thought and I told you on the show even at the time, I was like, I'm really excited because now my goal is to not go any heavier than this, but try to get better with it. But I didn't quite know how much better I could get with it. And then after talking with him more, he took a bunch of time and explained to me, cues on how to get better with that lift. And now I can bring the dumbbells all the way down really good form. And I feel like I'm a lot safer too. And just overall, I feel like I'm in really good control. I feel like I've used progressive overload, but I'm just now using the one 15s. It's been a year. And I went from using the one tens to the one 15s. Yeah, I feel like it's been progressive overload. There's another wrong with that. Think of it. Think of it this way. It's a way to sort of reframe that that might make you feel better about that. So it's been a year. Let's say that, let's say there's someone who weighs 130 pounds. So obviously, let's see you, whatever. Let's see you with 130. So that means your fat free mass is about 110 or 115. And over the course of one year, you go from a fat free mass or a muscle mass, fat free mass, including muscle of 110 to 115. Yeah. And the five pound difference is muscle mass. Yeah. So I'm using that analogy with the idea behind it being that that progressive overload, an increase in performance, all the things being identical, absolutely equal, which you can really say is representative of increase muscle mass. Yeah. Yeah. So if you truly, if your form is the same, everything else is identical and you go from a 225 pound bench or a 15 pound bench, that should be represented to some degree of muscle mass. Yeah. So if you go on from 110 to the one 15s and all the things being equal, that's a five pound jump. We can't necessarily do this. Just sort of hypothetical sort of a way of a brain sort of view this through this lens. But that would be kind of the same as someone who's like about 130 who has 100, who's maybe 15 percent, 20 percent body fat who goes from 110 pounds of fat, three mass, 115 pounds of fat free mass. Yeah. That's five pounds of fat free mass in one year for a very light person. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And like 10, that's like 5 pounds is nearly it's maybe a 9 percent increase, over the course of a year. And 9 percent increase in fat free mass in your whole body is a lot. Yeah. And I feel good about it. I feel really good about it. Sorry. More like sort of 5 percent. 9 percent. I was flipping the math in my head. I just think you're worried for it. But I do. I feel good about it. And I guess the reason I wanted to bring it up is because, you know, When we do, we have talked a lot about progressive overload and I think that a lot of times it for the viewers, for the listeners, it can be a thought of that you have to be lifting more. You have to be lifting more and more constantly that each week you're lifting five more pounds and five more pounds and five more pounds and then the argument comes in. What you could only do that for so long. Otherwise everybody's going to be benching a thousand pounds that does progressive overload and it's like, but no, this to me I want people to understand that and it's an experience I've had to go through myself to get it. But yeah, I've progressed and I'll tell you what, man, I'm a lot stronger because so my next step, I don't have 120s at home but I do have 125s. Mind you by the way, all these dumbbells are five pounds heavier than what they say. So my 115s are actually 120s and my 125s are actually 130s. So if I want to say, you have like the little Ivanko labels on them or they have a marker, like a white marker written. Someone wrote it on there. Yeah, one one five. And because they handle weights five pounds and they did that. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Oh, that was just like someone who doesn't know how to like, yeah. I noticed though with the gyms though, I've counted them and a lot of gyms have the same thing. It'll say, you know, 100 pounds but when I do the math, there's a 100 pounds of weight on the bar on the handle. But the handle itself isn't being counted. So in the handles about the floor and the handle right. Yeah. Anyway, so yeah, but I'm confident though, I got the 115s for my top set for 10 reps and they felt strong. So I, you know there's days and it was one of those days where I wasn't sure if it was going to be a great workout. I had one of my clients over shout out to Julian. He asked a lot of questions though. So while we're warming up, he's asking me questions and I'm picking up like the 85s and I'm listening to him talk and I'm doing a few reps and then finally it got to the point where like I'm getting ready to do my top set and I was like, I can't, I got to stop, I got to focus. So I asked me after this because I'm about to do the heaviest thing I've ever done in my entire life, you know. And then he got it, you know. Yeah. I mean, he's good guy. He just, he, he wants to learn, you know. But then, you know, I just had to tell him this. So you understood, but I'm thinking to myself like, I don't know if I'm in the right place, but by the time I was warm, dangerous. Dangerous. Yeah. By the time I got to the like the 105s, which I did, I did a set for two reps with the 105s, just a feeder set. And when I picked him up, I could tell they felt light. There's a face of video like maybe when comes out on YouTube. Okay. Yeah. So I got to go one of five's up. I could tell they felt light in my hand, like I could whip him up, you know, off the rack. And I knew with that point. Yeah. I knew that this is going to be a good one. And I lifted the most I've ever lifted in my life and done ball process today. And it was an amazing feeling, like flat out. It was badass. And I know that those, the way that felt, if I could get 10 with the 115s, then I know that I could do the 125s within a few weeks, I'll be there. So I'm going to, I think taper back for a minute and, indeed, load for a minute. Oh, yeah, I'm July. A little bit. Yes. Yes. And then I'm going to push back up in what I do. I think if not this round, the next round, I think I'll get to the 125s. You know, I mean, you can, you can actually just go in order the pro style plates to get some 120s if you want. You've got to heck, to heck screw at the end of the dumbbells there, right? You know what? Now that you mentioned it, I actually have the plates. I figured you did, like, you, yeah, so you can, you can just fashion those. I guess I could. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. I guess I could. This is where I gave you PST. PST. PST. PST. You smart one with the VHT. You go tell people smart things. I thought about getting the, what do you call them, the plate mates? But those, those are 60 bucks for, yeah, you know, little, little tiny additional. Yeah. You can go to the hardware store and get, like, really big, there's all sorts of bits and pieces. We get some nice, actually I'll send you a link. There's some, there's some magnets. You can get some magnets that are just ridiculously strong. Like the kind, like, you know, if you put them together, like, you're not getting them apart, you know, shit. Yeah, like, I've got some, I picked up like that, like, for putting, like, mounting things on my RVs and various things that I don't want to come off. Like, we have one magnet that I screwed in on a rear view camera. Yeah. And the magnets only, like, look, that big, you know, it's maybe a centimeter by three or four centimeters and I don't know how it's not even a half a centimeter. It's so strong. Yeah. Yeah. And so you can get some really powerful magnets in order them. And then just get some iron, like, get some large washers, all sorts of things you can do. It's just to make your own plate mates. That's cool. What people have done that. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. Insidering that. Oh, yeah. We did that back with DC training. That was the thing back in the day. Yeah. Whenever, oh, yeah, making your own plate mates, so you can micro load. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, like, Jordan, I think it's, it's actually on two ads. Podcasts where Jordan was talking about he brings, you know, the smaller plates with him. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, like, you can micro load and, you know, I've got, I've got those in my back, too. You know, I've got a whole bunch of them about that ahead of my gym. Okay. So, you can buy those. You can make them. And like the pins that you, you know, with the post on, you stick into the select resume machine so you can throw 40 pies. Oh, yeah. People started making those and Dante still has somebody out, who, who we found make. You can, anyone who could well, can make one of those. But, yeah, they're all, they're always a little hacks, you know, from 15 years ago, DC training as the head of micro load, just doing exactly what you're talking about doing. Yeah. You get a little bit more. So, like, now you can go to the, the thing with the dumbbells can be the issues that, like, if you've got to rest them on your thighs, you've got plate mates on there, you don't have a big and then like the end of the plate mates, you don't want to have a prepped word about keeping a plate mate centered. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's not the best idea. Yeah. Just, uh, Highland Park Powerhouse, they have the 200 pound dumbbells and, uh, they're, they're like hand made. They're like big pieces of steel with a rod in between basically. I think one of them's even broken at this point. But, uh, there's duct tape all over them because people had taped 10 pound plates to the sides of them before. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yep. Yeah. We've seen that quite a few times. Yeah. Well, there it's. I've heard stories of that in jail that people would, you know, when the dumbbells break, they're done, but they would tape plates to make them heavier and stuff like that. Yeah. So, yeah. There was a guy on professional muscle, Justin Rice, he's now passed on. He's a really nice guy, he came down with some sort of neurological disorder. He was just like, he pushed the limits of everything he did, but he's a super nice guy. And he was in jail for a while. I think recreational drug dealing or use are both. Yeah. And he, but he was giant. Like, there was a picture of him standing next to Ronnie and Ronnie's hey, they're about the same size. Yeah. He'd have Ronnie's shape, but he was just crazy. He was a guy, he was a guy I mentioned before. He started training with weights. He was a sprinter for New Zealand. And he put on 50 pounds of muscle in the first six months. Natural crap. And then he heard that these steroids help you get stronger and bigger too. So he threw in some who knows what and again, another 50 pounds. Yeah. The next six months, he got 100 pounds in the first year of training. Oh, my God. Pretty good genetics. I guess so. Four hundred and five pound behind the neck presses. Yeah. That kind of stuff. But he talked about in jail, like I think he called him like totem pole squats. These guys would do. So they would, one guy would get on one, another guy I show. And then like another guy would get underneath that guy. So he would do squats like with two people sitting on top of one another. And they just, they go into like a corner. They find like a pillar somewhere for the sake of balance. Oh, yeah. That makes sense. He'd have two hundred pounds on his back. Yeah. Two hundred pound dudes or whatever. Or bigger. That's pretty hot. That way. That's crazy. So yeah, you make that shit work. Yeah. Yeah. I did a whole podcast back at the beginning of advices and I had four different people on who had been in prison. And John Romano was one of them actually. And they out, we talked about all the different aspects. But that's a whole other story. What do you say we get to a few of these questions? All right. Don't throw out already. Let's see. Oh, yeah. We are like an hour in already. But we still have people watching. I have the time if you have the time here. Oh, yeah. Since we're talking about training, I'm going to bring up this question because I just saw it was training related. He says question for Dr. Scott as soon as Jim's reopen, I'm starting 42 training with multiple basic blasts and tests the different volume tiers. I'll do everything by the book. But I have only one issue. I love going to the gym. It's part of the routine. Maximum, our minimum five times a week. So in conclusion, when I bastardize the basic version to a five times a week splitting the muscle around days three and four, can I do it? He wants to know if he can split the muscle around into three days instead of two. Maybe doing legs, then back chest delts, then arms and abs. Did you ever have anyone training 42'd five or even six times per week? And if yes, how did they manage the split? PS maybe add some niche or particular suggestions to a newbie to a fortitude. Something not in your books that you wouldn't mind sharing out of experience. Okay. So I'm going to be direct and upfront. Okay. I'm going to make this sort of maybe one of my simplest answers is my guess from what he's saying and I've looked at Anthony's Facebook profile. Is that he, a short answer does it matter? Okay. And here's why I say this. This is sort of like this is the super tough love answer. I'm looking at him and he looks as if he prefers, and that's rather wrong with it. He prefers going to the gym as opposed to getting after it and making the most gain he possibly can. Because he looks like it's a very young guy in his profile picture. He looks like he's, if you told me, if you told me you never trained, I wouldn't be against that. Okay. So here's not a huge, my guess is just from the look of his profile is that he's, he wants to just be able to go in and train and enjoy himself as much as possible. Okay. So all the, all the rhyme and reason as to why taking training as hard as you can, having days off and rest in recovery, it may not apply to him whatsoever, just guessing. Okay. And that's kind of what he says is like, he can't keep away from the gym. Yeah. And if someone were making great gains that way, then you want to accommodate that. Yeah. And what I'm saying here's, I don't think from judging from what he looks like. I may be totally off here. He's not making great gains, but he prefers rather than get to the gym. And I mean, he's done it wrong with that. You're a, you're ahead of it like, you know, 95% of the population because you're training. So, you're bringing to it. Yeah. And so that is you just take day one of day two, the loading sets and pumps that's just put them up. Okay. So day one is loading sets lower pumps sets up where you do that on Monday and then you do the upper body on Tuesday, then you take Wednesday's workouts, spread it over Wednesday and Thursday and then you do day three and day four on Friday and Saturday, the gives you six days in the gym. I guess it's a question all the time. No, that gets you in the gym. Yeah. That's, but the whole ethos of that question and what I'm seeing from his profile. And I hate to do this, but I want to like, I'm answering this question towards the general population and this is, this is almost like this is like someone fabricated this question so I can address this topic. Okay. Is that, is that there's a different, it kind of depends on where you are in that spectrum of trying to make the best progress you possibly can versus I want to go in the gym and feed that need in urge that I have the train and what they does for me psychologically, etc, etc. I want to be in the gym and I just can't help myself versus I want to make the best game that possibly can. Yeah. And one more thing, I know get something to say, but the other thing is that the thing that a lot of people don't recognize is that if you go in and you train as hard as you possibly can, you're going to need those off days. Most people. Yeah. Not everyone, there's lots of pros, Brandy Curry, we talked about this when he was on the podcast, there's that have Ronnie Coleman, have tremendous recovery abilities and they can get away with training more regularly, but a lot of people if they go in, give it all he possibly can was off days have to happen. That's when you grow. Yeah. So, he's along that spectrum where he wants to be able to train, you go in the gym and get all the benefits that come from regular training and make some progress. But my guess is that there would be no point me trying to convince him to just stick with the four day a week, train as hard as you can, and go for the progress because that's not the path that he's more devoted to. I like the psychology of this. I like the psychology of it. I do. Because, hey, it's up to him now. What does he prefer? What does he want? You know, if he, if, and I think you're absolutely right, that if it's, you know, there was it, I think that you've helped me to understand this, got that, you know, what we all, we get different things out of the gym, and it's not my place to tell you what to get out of the gym. Now if you want to train like me, then, and you want to have the same goals that I have, then you're not going to want to train as often. You can't. The workout I just talked about, that was four sets for chest. It was two sets for dumbbell incline press, and then two sets on my machine, my new F-light chest converging chest press, which is I love it, by the way. But that was it. You know, it was four working sets, and I won't train chest again for a little while, because I, and I'm not training at all today. Like I've been training every other day, and that's working out pretty smoothly for me. So, but my goals are probably different than his, so there's that. Yeah. Well, the thing, because I have seen this question, you're totally right. Thanks for kind of confirming that I'm on the right track with the way I'm looking at this. I've seen this literally the same question about every six months for the last five or six years, whenever it's always comes up repeatedly. Yeah. And there's an easy way to do it. We had it on the podcast here, maybe two months ago someone wanted to, wanted to split, and he actually decided to not do that. He had a reason because I can't remember his name. You knew who knew this poster and the name rang a bell, but you would know who he is. I mean, if I said, remember his name. But he was, I mean, his 40s maybe older guy in the grand scheme of things. I can say that because I'm an old guy. And he had only an number of minutes, only X amount of time. Like he did most of the six and he had to go to work. So he looked like he could get up earlier and train longer. He had no choice, you know, given family set of set of set of set of. So I gave him this possibility. He found out a way to make it work. I think he stuck with a four day week so we could get that recovery in. But this was a thing with DC training. I suppose there was a DC training question or somewhere too. Yeah, there is. People would, you know, back in the day and they would just get jumped on by the, you know, the DC Nazis and say, do it the way Dante said, you know, and follow that first. Yeah. They'd want to like go in and immediately change things and someone has been training for a year and a half or whatever and they want to just do something different. Yeah. But what what what happens and this is a, a support I make a lot with four to two training. If you're on my board, if what it's worth people don't always know this, if you're, if you're by the four to two training book, read the purchase email, give you instructions, get on my discussion board. I go on there every single day and answer questions if there are questions there. I've answered every question related DC or four to two training that I can think of. And what happens is if you go on there and you have questions that you could obviously find after those questions, but you also have all the people who've had logs, other people who've done before to training the way I have, you have this collective consciousness of people with that same experience using the four day a week split, a four day a week training approach with the with the basic and the turbo versions with whom you can compare notes. But if you go and start changing things up and do anything differently, you're sort of an island. Yeah. And it's really helpful if you're, you know, someone who's relatively new to this to be able to say, you know, I did Mad Cows 5 by 5 or I did Jim Wentler's 531 or I did a poetry specific training or did DC training or this mountain dog training version or J.P. Strainy, whatever. And I did it just the way. And like someone says, oh, I find like, yeah, I can't do that hip hinge movement ball by this hip hinge movement, those two days in a row, that was a big, no, no, for me, I just switched it around like this. Like, oh, okay, yeah, cool. That insight could only come if you're actually following the program the way it was written out. Like, all those other thousands of people have done it. Yeah. Yeah. But when you start going in, if you went in, like literally, like, let's say cheer, volume cheer one was the best one for you, generally speaking in 42 training. So that's the least amount of volume. And that's just what would be best training four times a week. But you want to go in and train six times a week. Yeah. Well, that's not really shit on those days, other days. What the strategy of taking day one and splitting out over Monday and Tuesday and day two is splitting out over Wednesday and Thursday, having those two workouts means each of those workouts is pretty pitiful. Yeah. Yeah. For some, I mean, there's still hard, but they're very, very short. Yeah. That's much more reasonable. Go to volunteer three and they can be relatively long depending on the person. But they can still be done, obviously many, many, many people have done that. But if you're, if you're, if you're wanting to, take it this sort of one end of the spectrum scenario is split out. You're not too going to hold back to the lot. It's like one set for chest. Yeah. Two sets for back on the loading sets and you're done. Well, that person who, like, really likes to be in the gym, what are they going to do? I'm going to do a little bit more. I'm going to do something that I'm doing. And next thing, you know, they're trying to do like volume two or three when, you know, and training more often. And they've, now they're six, well, you know, like Israel tells cells that says that, and I'm not picking on Mike, but he's one of the loudest ones. Like, oh, you know, everyone says, volume is the driver of high-perch. So volume more volume is better. I should probably do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But what that ends up meaning is over the course of a week. They're having fewer of those days off. But there's something to say for a day off where you can just like have a complete day off. It's like a lot to get otherwise because you're coming in, rip, run, ready to go. And I guess you're most of time. But now you've increased, now you may, because you're feeding that desire to just be in the gym and doing things. You may be doing double the volume that would be best for you because you're still training those muscle groups. That many times over the course of that week. So it's still, you're doing volume two or one, you can put it on to your two. Like those volume tiers are, the training is over those, what would be four sets of your taking it over six. Now you're doing twice the volume in the same period of time. Even though you spread out for more days and those workouts don't feel as strenuous because of that in a certain way, you're still, you still don't, you haven't made the week longer and give yourself more recovery time. You just increase the volume, perhaps beyond what is optimal for your recovery and making progress. The reason being because you want to be in the gym more frequently. And you start doing more and you're looking at it from the standpoint of a single, I want to say the word in German is a training, training dinheit, like a training singularity, a training session. I want to do those, have each session needs to be good and awesome. Well, you can go in and Monday and have a bad ass training session so it was so damn good. You're like, I think I could use a break today. I'm looking forward to this when you come back on Wednesday, you're like, I'm ready to kick some ass again. That's what I would rather have people doing chopping at the bit. Be training a little bit less and want to train as hard as they possibly can. That's what DC training, that's why DC training works for so many people because this even, you know, you could say less revolium, the frequency is a little bit less. Then how forward should it be done depending on which volume tree you use? Because you're like, you know, I'm a training chest on Monday. I'm doing the two-way split DC training, let's say, hypothetically Monday and Friday. I got one rest-pause set for chest to do. One, this is it. I got these next two minutes. It's like that M&M song, you know, whatever the camera of the words exactly, but you got one shot, you know, one chance and you got to make it happen. And if you don't, like you don't get, like, oh, I'm going to do a duo over. I'm going to just go do some more. Let's do a couple sets of peck flags and things like, you got to make that shit happen. If you got to get one more rep, two more reps each time. It was like you said when we were at, we went and trained at Metro Fitness together. I had a couple, I think it was a couple of years ago at the Arnold. And you said, down in Columbus, like my, my, my Davies gym, Metro Fitness West, I think it is. Or I think, we're the one. We're the one. We're the one. I think we're just used to live. I don't remember which one it was. Yeah, we're the one. He said, you scots said to me, it was like, well, we could pick a couple of exercises and we could really go to town and those do a couple of hard sets. Or we could do some bullshit all around the gym for the next couple of hours. That's what you, that's what you, that's what you, that's what you're basically your words. Yeah, yeah, you know, I think we did it. We did it. We did it. We did stuff out. Yeah, I think we did like three sets. It was a good workout though. I think that it's something that takes, it takes time to, to understand. You know, to be able to, it's hard to tell somebody to get more out of less. You know, it's something you couldn't have told me. It's, it's from the time you started telling me about it. Actually, I should say from the time I started listening. That was 2017 at the end of my last show in November. And from there, I started splitting, chastop into two different days per week. And I saw how getting more out of less made sense. And over time, I had to learn for myself. And it took, it took years to get to, like where I met today, you know. And I got to tell Anthony, this is not the pot calling the kettle black. I am the worst. I was the worst. Anyone I know. Yeah. Because I used to, I used to think, you know, if I can, eventually, my body will have to adapt. The more I do, it will have no choice in the matter. And I can manage you to grow along with course, each week's lecture. It didn't work. But at the end of the show, I was just going to bring you 20 sets of 20 sets of 20 reps. 20 sets of 20 reps. Lots. Yeah. I trained that way for a while. Just all this crazy ass and I and stuff. It was amazing that I was just wasn't like a heaping massive, like torn connective tissue, you know? Yeah. But I did that. And I loved going to the gym. Oh, I have to. Let me, if I, I'm on the same page. Yeah. But I had to kind of, you know, figure that out. So what I'm telling you is, is sort of like me, you know, my younger self, the words of wisdom that I wish I could have passed on way back when it would have saved me like, these way over a decade of training, Clay Training like an idiot for a long time, you know, trained, I learned how to train really hard, which is always sort of a natural inclination, but way way too much, one of the gym every day, when I was in grad school I did that, I trained every day for like two years straight, but wasn't very much, but I needed that, it didn't matter what time, I always made that time for me, that was so much therapeutic, I knew I was going to make gains because of the way it worked casual, but so there was a reason for that, but I'm definitely not looking down on it, that's a reason that question gets asked so regularly, it is therefore to fact a good question, because there's one that many people have, it's one that I would have given the same answer myself about, so it's I'm not picking on him, that's, you know, the thing is, I hope, you know, me sort of digging in and like, you know, vetting my a little bit, looking at his picture, it's like, who knows, maybe he'll flip things around and come to realize, you know, I like, he likes training obviously, maybe he'll start to figure out, I like training really, really hard and growing, really, really, optimally sort of speak, or better than he has been by not going in there so often having those off days, maybe he'll get turned on to that, and then five years be like, Coach, Jesus, I'm so glad it's got picked on the podcast, it made a difference. Let's see if we have time for another one here, Max Holiday says, understanding the thought process behind DC training, how beneficial would a two or three way split be for a guy over 50 from a gaining size slash muscle perspective, FYI, 40 plus years training with multiple DC cycles under my belt since 2008. Well, he kind of tells me his experience is better than mine. He can answer that question much better than I actually just like, right? That guess so. Like, you know, 40 plus years of training, I mean, he sounds kind of like me and he's understanding the thought process, how beneficial. So here, he's kind of the issue. I mean, Dante actually addressed this with his other, with the other split city puts for four guys who wanted to DC training, like the five way split. Some of that is for more advanced guys. This is one of the things that Jordan has kind of figured out to some degree is that, you know, he can't recover from the higher frequency. And one issue, too, is that the more advanced you get, the more you have to do in terms of training really hard and the proper amount of volume, order to make a given training session for a given muscle group and actual growth stimulus. So it may be the chance to put in so much on a particular day that you go into the gym for that muscle group to get anything that constitutes a real growth stimulus that you have to take more than two or three days off, which I think is, and I want to, I can't speak for Dante, obviously, about his guy, was the DC trainer for a while, but I think that's part of the reason, at least, why his other splits now are like five ways splits and those sorts of things. Okay. The other thing about doing DC training when you get older is the reps, it makes more sense for the rep range as to go up. I mean, he 40 years of training, I'm sure of max knows this. You're low back, you're joints, you're, you're, you're ten inch, you're connected to you. You know, there is an aging, like one of the esters, it's kind of an asylum, like one of the kind of main theories of aging with somebody's degree has to do with free radicals. Like you can take like, gospel of melanogester, like you can, that's a fancy work mosquito. And give them, make transgender animal models that have very few, that have, handle free radicals really well, and they live longer. So free radical stress is one thing that is involved with aging and free radical stress is not good for, for proteins in terms of their mechanical abilities to, withstand stress, which is the purpose of connected tissue proteins. So we get older and our things get more brittle, the stance of way of just saying that joints don't, I don't have what they used to have that get worn down, et cetera. So training, you know, trying to pull like, you know, six to eight rep range heavy loads doesn't make sense. And I say the same thing for fortitude training, you know, adjust all those things upward. I got things built into the system so that you don't train with those heavy loads. Okay. Because there's some, even with the loading sets, there's some fatigue, intentionally built into the rest intervals. So the loads have to be a little bit lighter than that true six to eight rep range. So you have to go lighter. I would suggest looking at some of it don't go on intense muscle. But maybe some things on professional muscle. Intense muscles get all dente's like major stuff and look for like the five way split. And, but max pretty much gave me the answer there, you know. So here's the thing, and dente is written about this extensively. And funny because Jordan's doing the same thing. I still remember Jordan's sight and I go and check in on him is training logs and just happen to look the other day. And he's doing some things to create novelty of stimulus because he has to where he does like some some pauses like he calls him a squeeze. So he's literally squeezing, which probably five years ago he would have laughed at himself for writing, but he's doing like sets of, I think he was doing sets of six with like a two second hole. Don't kidding. Yeah. Those are, when this is, this is heavy actually. Yeah. You're not picking up pink dumbbells here. Right. We're talking about moving mass of amounts of weight. But he's got, eventually you do, there is, like there is some logic to say, you're not going to find someone who's squatting, you know, Venus by, you know, squatting, standard, and satirons standing on Venus that, because they've gotten so strong, you know, that they're now a character from Marvel comic strip. You can only lift so much weight eventually, run out, but you can keep up in the anti. So, once you've gotten where you're doing 600 pounds squats with a good control rep tempo in a way that targets the muscles and the legs, which is what you do, if that's what you're doing it for. Now you start, you know, going down and doing like one second pauses in the hole. Yeah. We're not resting on the connection to shit of your knees, or you do slower descents, or if you're doing like a hand, you know, but some sort of biceps curl, you do as one second pause, something like that. That's what I have built into the fortitude training with the pump sets. So there's various variations. DC training has that flexibly built into it, because DC training is whatever Dante says, DC training is, and he's put those things out. I, in part, like, I hate to say this, but it's true. I've said it many times. As fortitude training was in part, created for me. So I could take those quintessential aspects of DC training, the high rep sets, like a widow maker, but lay off the nervous system. So don't make those drag on as discontinuous sets. And the heavy loading sets that are progressively overloaded, but you can't like, if you do, like, let's say you do three sets, let's say you're higher volume through your, you can use squats for your loading sets, and you've got a six to 12 rep range. Well, your first set is going to have one or two reps in the tank. So if you're in that rep range, you're an older guy. Well, you stay in that 10 to 12 rep range. But that's actually that's like a 14 rep max load. If you get 12 reps and you leave two reps in the tank, and you're at the top. And the next set, you're going to have to come down and load. You're still doing a set of 10, leaving one or two reps in the tank. But now you're using what would be if you did DC training or some other training system where you rest completely between those sets. Now you're using, you're using much less weight, but you're still training in that a higher rep range. And you can still progressively overload. So you're letting you load a little bit. You're not going to like with fancy weights, staying at the upper range of that heavy loading set, rep range. But you've got a little bit of tea built in there, a little bit of reps in reserve. You're being a little bit easier on the nervous system, which doesn't recover quite the same. So you're taking care of your your skeletal system, trying to tax the muscular system, and lay off the nervous system, the endocrine system, the immune system as much as possible. Yeah. I built for you training kind of like because I had that kind of same question. It's like how can I continue doing all the shit that I love about DC training as long as possible in the whole story we've gone through a million times. But so I'm not, I'm not against someone making their own hybrid. You know, he's been at it for 40 years. He's done multiple DC training. If he hasn't tried to for you to train, give that a go. The weights are written for a couple of last. And then he might be like, you know, I like the muscle rounds, better than rest faucets. I like the pump sets better than widow makers, you know, but I don't like, I like, you know, the way DC does, you know, the upper lower three times a week. Oh, he did do it that way. He added, uh, was thinking more from a hormone aspect, taking TRT. This is max. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, going back to that initial question. So if I'd play that, understanding the thought process behind DC training, how beneficial would it to wear three ways split before a guy over 50 with gaining muscle size? Uh, so. So, so yeah. So there's age and there's hormonal status. Maddie or any. Yeah. So he's, sounds like he's on TRT then. Yeah. So maybe he wasn't previously. Don't care. That's had lots, lots of guys who were natural. Okay. That was one of the things people said, oh, you can't do this unless you're at hands. And it's like, oh, you can't. You certainly can. I don't know. People say the same thing about hit training. Like, oh, it only worked for the guys that were taking a Tata gear. Yeah. I mean, that, I don't know the hit training. I'm, there's something to say for that argument. I think more so because we know just for instance, from the, the Bosnst study, where they, you know, there's a, there's a, there's a, the classic study that you 500, 600 milligrams of testosterone per week. They have four groups, college age guys, training and no training and then, test testosterone, placebo. Okay. And the, no training to testosterone grew as much as the, the training, no placebo. Uh, essentially. So, okay. You're in a, itself, can make you grow. The bottom line comes from that. So, yes, you can do a training program that's, fast and I, for whatever reason, and some people might consider an HHH, training program where you train once every three weeks with one set, ass and I and I'm not saying it is or it isn't. But if you have, you could have a very much sub optimal training regime and still get growth by putting in lots of gear. Yeah. Okay. We can say that. So that's why, but I don't, but DC training is not a sub optimal training program. Yeah. It's brutal training program. And there's no ifs and there's about to be honest in my mind, unless, unless you just go from pristine form to like floppy, biggest asshole in the gym form, if you've gone from 225 pound press to 315 pound presses and 315 and 365 pound squats to 495 pound squats and pulling 405 to pulling 585 over the course of two years. Yeah. All the things being relatively equal, you're going to be bigger dude. Yeah. That means it's to me. Within what your genetics allow, gear or not, right. Yeah. You know, so DC training is relies upon that. And there's just like there's a logic to that, which is just so exquisite and so beautiful. You know, that that is not, not beautiful unless you're willing to do the kind of things that, you know, hopefully people see that video of you doing what you dig in and you say, okay, it's, it's me versus gravity who's going to be the bitch today. And you make, you make gravity, you know, your bitch for a couple minutes. Right. Right. You're like, you know, into like, into like, yeah, yeah, you just keep on doing that. Like, you know, methodical like keep grinding away sort of way and you're going to get stronger when you get bigger. Even if it's just 5% of 5% increase in muscle mass for a, this is where I came with that 9 pound, 9% when I met 69 pounds, 5% increase in muscle mass for a guy who's like 22240 is, you know, is over, it's like 10 pounds. Yeah. Of muscle mass. That's a shit load. Yeah. I could tell that I'm gaining too. That's the other thing. The reason I'm doing it is. We're commenting, like, did you look? Yeah. Yeah. I'll take it. And that's, so here's the thing is that I've been, I've been, I've been. I've been doing this for a long time, you know, I've been lifting weights for a long time. And the last couple of years I hadn't been eating as much, you know, I hadn't been pushing to grow. But it's, it's, I still have the experience. I, and I can tell you that I realized that I was being limited, it wasn't limited by the drugs. It wasn't limited by the food that it was my training was, when I put all the pieces together, the training was subpar. And that's, I think, that was the thing that really needed to change. And now I think that that's been the factor that's helping. So, and now I'm adding the gear to it too, because with this week I added 100 milligrams of mint, the trust alone acetate. All right. Excuse me. The long acting trust load and in fact. It's interesting. Well, a bench to see, because there's Victor Blacks just put a post I saw that. Yeah. Did you see my response? No, I didn't see your response. I've just put up a response last night, because I think he had, I still agree with his general point for some people, not always that meant canter can be good or bad. Who like its hit or miss? Yeah. Some people don't like it, but anyway, you can hear my response. I broke down. He didn't put the actual citations that he was drawing from in that post and I dug them up and sort of extrapolated the mass and people can go and look that up if they want. But the bottom line was that the study looking at a patotoxicity was in rabbits. Okay. Not in humans. Okay. I can't say that back down. There was really no apato-tacocicity given the measures they had in the human equivalent dose of like 200 milligrams of meant per week. Okay. But that's, you know, that's translating, assuming that the way the liver handle those things in rabbits versus humans obeys that general, which is a body surface area based translation. But it's the best we have. A bunch of assumptions and you could follow along, but it's interesting that you mentioned meant because that was just really what happened before came on here. I posted something on that thread. I'll come up. Yeah. I'll have to check that out then. I'll tell you what, so just with 100 milligrams, I think that that's one weekend now. I think that that's been part of, obviously, I've lead the foundation. You know, I've learned how to train right. You know, to get the most out of what I'm doing. And it's like now I'm turning up the gas on it. So I think that that's definitely, I think it's already increased my strength for sure. And let me add one thing too related to Max's that I want to just kind of say is that if you're progressively over progressive or look at happening those more subtle ways, we talk about Jordan doing the holes and those sorts of things, but simply lightning the load. If you're trained in the 12 to 12 to 15 rep range or the 10 to 12 rep range versus the 68, which you may have done, you know, back in the day. And you're doing sets of 10 with the 115 or 120 to whatever they actually are. And you stick with those sets of 10. If you were doing sets of 15 and you also progressed, you know, from 100 pounds to 120 pounds or sets of 15 and you progressed from 10 reps with 115 to the 125s over the same period of time, you're going to make gains with both of those. You might be some subtle differences, maybe some people getting better with heavy versus lighter, but if you're making gains, it's still going to translate all of the things being equal keeping the form the same, the sort of thing. So training lighter and adjusting the loads relative to what your skeletal system can handle because you're, you know, you're 50 and you're on TRT and dropping the volume down, it's going to be one thing probably that may or may not have to happen. There's a catch, there's interesting paradox there because if, if you're enhanced, you're going to use heavier loads could just stronger and you'll be 10 to be bigger, which is more taxing and versus if your TRT or natural lighter loads, less taxing because of that. So it could be that the amount of recovery that you're getting from the gear is just, it's just matching the taxation that comes from being able to train so much heavier. Yeah, right. In a way that it basically doesn't have that gigantic of an effect on training volume. Yeah, right. So the guy who's squatting 600 may be able to get away with, you know, five sets a week, but the guy who squats three or five team may only be able to get away with five sets a week as well. They're both trained, he's hard as they possibly can, one guy's enhanced, that's why you can do that. Yeah. But he also has greater inroads to cover from. So DC training works for Natties and works for, works for guys who are in the hands. Just got to progress. Right. All right. Be smart. Well, let's get out of here. You covered a lot. Guys, we'll, we'll try to hold onto these questions and if you're interested, we'll, we'll cover them the next time we get together. And I have to say I'm sorry. I have, I have all those ones from Instagram and those people. I didn't get to any of those. Then we'll think. No, we could do another one if we want, if we want to try to come back and just not go to Q&A or something sometime before the next episode. You know, if you have the type, let me know. I'd be happy to do that. Okay. Yeah. No, because you got to, you got to roll. But yeah, we can maybe do another one. Maybe I'll do an Instagram Q&A. There you go. Just do that. Yeah. I can do that. All right. Guys. Well, for another episode of Muscle Mind to Scott Stevenson, I'm Scott McNally. Of course, check out our great sponsor Truenutrition.com. And you can use our code advices. You'll get some additional savings on that plus you support our podcast. And you support great company too. All your stuff is third party tested. High quality supplements. And of course, go to b-y-o-b-b-coach.com. You could check out Dr. Scott's book there. And of course, go to fortitude training. That, all the fortitude training stuff we're talking about today. All right, guys. We'll see you soon. Thanks, Scott. All right. Thanks, guys.