Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Muslimines with Scott Stephenson. I'm Scott McNally. Today, we discuss PD science that you should know. So we talk about some of the studies behind steroids and growth hormone. And if you guys have any questions about this stuff, then comment below. We'll tackle that stuff on the next program. If you learned something today, then show us some love, hit the like button, and be sure to subscribe so you can keep up to date. We have a lot of bodybuilding education here, and the more you learn, the better you could be at bodybuilding. Thank you to our generous sponsor, True Nutrition.com for supporting everything we do. All right, guys. Let's get to Scott. Well, this is the kind of, it's a three-part, hundredth episode. So it's the hundred second technically. But this is, uh, I kind of waited to the end. I wanted to get to you the, what I think is sort of the more important stuff. You know, it's a training nutrition. This is the stuff that everyone seems to love because it's thought of sort of as a magic bullet. Part of what I'm going to talk about mainly is just, and there are a couple specific studies that I'm going to go through. And some also some general information on bodybuilding, PEDs, kind of with the idea to, to at least make people aware of how much variability there is there in terms of responses to drugs in various ways. So some of this is sort of a genetic space thing. And some of the things we don't really know that people seem to sort of presume right off the bat related to, to gear and growth hormone. Those are just the two that I decide to pick because we'll have so much time. So with that, let's just, we'll just dig in. Well, it will be self-explanatory as we move along. All right, sounds good, man. We're going to that next slide. Yep, please. All right. Let's see. All right. And then where do you want to off to the right? Can we be on top one another? Or is it have to be? It's side by side. Okay, that's okay. That'll be fine for now for the, so this is the classic sort of, what a classic study. People refer to it all the time rightfully so because it's a great study. Shullinger Bosn in this study, believe they're washing it at the time. That's how you know it's authentic on the dog's bark. It was done in 96. So it was 25 years ago now. And they did the type of thing. It's sort of, there would be, it would be a hard press to rationalize or a peeing this kind of study because what they did was gave super, super physiological levels amounts of testosterone in and theta in this case to college age males who are you going at all? No prior mental history of psychological disorders, what have it? They screened them pretty well. The values are published in this paper from 1996. If anyone wants these references, no one's ever asked, but if everyone wants somebody can provide them, this one's pretty easy to find and pop straight up. They got their test levels to about the 3000 nanograms for desolater. No, well, with the 600. Yeah, so it's pretty high. That's about what you might expect on average. So that's one source where people kind of come up with that sort of rule of thumb as far as what 100 milligrams are testosterone would equal to. So maybe 100 milligrams being about the value of 500 nanograms for desolater. So you go to six times that and you're about 6000 or 3000. So six times 500 is 3000. So here's what they did for groups. And this was a really well-done study. They did two groups that didn't train and two groups that did for 10 weeks. And within the non-training group, they had a purplicebo. So they injected them with something that was inert. And then they gave them the 600 milligrams per week. And then the training groups, they had a placebo-trained group. They did the actual regul training. So they had the nanny training group. And then they had the super supplemented training group. And so what they found, basically, and this is where people will say that you can grow with gear just as well as just training. At least over 10 weeks. What I have there in the middle of the slide are the bar graphs showing the changes in fat-free mass across these four groups. So look at the very bottom that you'll see the first two are the no exercise groups, the leftmost being placebo. And then the next over being testosterone. So if you look up to the top there at fat-free mass, you'll see that as you would expect, placebo no exercise, you didn't see it change in fat-free mass. They just didn't do anything. There's no essential intervention other than coming in to get a fake shot. Yeah. But the group that was given testosterone increased their fat-free mass by it was two and a half. Maybe actually, I think it was 3.1 or 3.2 kilos. Over those 10 weeks. No training. So that's like, three point, no. That's like over, seven pounds. Okay, seven pounds. Roughly seven pounds. Seven pounds of lean takes you seven pounds. Yeah. Doing nothing. Taking a test shot test. They use underwater weighing with this. So it's not, this is 96, remember. So people weren't using dex at that point. Some were, most certainly. There was, they were doing dex inference in procedure where I was because I was, you know, I went to that lab and we used that actually in a lab that I took in grad school. So in this case, they just used that. So there's some issues there potentially with water. We'll go into the body composition thing. You actually, it's possible. We may have actually underestimated that. If there was a bunch of water retention. But substantial. Yeah. And if you look, then keep reading from left to right in that top set of bar plots. There's a placebo group that trained. And they had a significant increase in fat-free mass as well. You can see numerically, there's a little bit less, actually. But statistically, it was not. So there's a lot of variability there, of course. So substantial variability. But as you would have expected, you looked at the far right. So the upper right corner there, you see the greatest impact on fat-free mass came from those who both trained and got the 600 milligrams of testosterone, not that per week. So basically, we've got doing nothing, no drugs, no change. Don't the fat-free mass you're getting an increase with the chest of drugs, or chest of training. And you're getting close to double that if you combine the two, training with drugs. So the next two set of bar plots, bar plots are triceps, cross-sectional area, and quadrups cross-sectional area. Same kind of pattern. Interestingly enough, there was an increase in triceps size in the drug-only group with no training that they didn't see in the exercise group. So there arms didn't really grow there. And almost the same increase in triceps size in when they trained and were given the testosterone. So that's a little interesting pattern. The pattern you see with quads, with the legs, matches very well with what you saw overall with a fat-free mass. So training without drugs and drugs only about the same increase in quad size. And double that if you combine. So we're seeing the sort of pattern. You're getting something with the drugs only. You're getting some of the training only over 10 weeks. And you're getting about double that when you combine the two. The bottom two are strength during a squat and a bench press. Same pattern there. So there actually was a strength gain from chest the gear with no training. So here's the interesting thing. They did mood and behavior analysis. There was no change in mood. None of the things from those psychometric tests. There were no changes brought on by the gear. Nothing was changing across really, across any of the groups. So they weren't getting angry. One aspect of the test that they use was sort of an anger analysis to sort of test out the road rage component. Yeah. The thing that I don't see mentioned very often, which I think many, this is sort of the, let's combine what happens in the trenches with what the research says. What happens, can you imagine what happens if you take a college age male, these were you going out? So they had normal testosterone levels. And you start giving them 600 milligrams of testosterone a week. How are they going to feel? You want to eat shit? Yeah, exactly. That's what you're going to eat. One thing is no. Yes. They're going to know what they're on. Yeah. Yeah. They're going to know what they're on. So who knows? Like some, it's possible. Some of those, and I don't think they, they didn't put an ankle bracelet on them to, an ankle it to track them all the time. Actually they didn't go in the gym. But I wonder thinking now specifically of those strength gains, if some of that is a placebo effect potentially. Because it would have been pretty clear to them. They know from the weight gain, probably. That's a substantial weight gain. There was no change in body fat percentage. I don't know if they had the actual weight, but they had obviously the fat free match that they reported. So hard to know, the nice thing, of course, no impact on those negative psychometric measurements of anger and general behavior. But they didn't have a sex drive. I don't believe there was a component of sex drive, a libido in their psychometric analysis either. So that's something to consider. So if you can slide us to the left of smidge, so we can see the text there. So what was the short term? A, S, and a bulk intertext there. It's just a stoster in this case. It was a prox roughly equivalent to natty train, basically. It's kind of the bottom line as you're getting about the same in this particular study, in this context, with these individuals. So here's the thing. Let's think about, like, how well can we extend these? And this is an external validity concept. That's true over 10 weeks. What happens if we looked over the next two years? If there were no training and the same amount of testosterone, that would be a continuous similar stimulus for muscle growth, which obviously, that we're getting demonstration of here in this study. But it wouldn't be changing. Would they continue to grow, pass those 10 weeks, would they continue to gain strength in that way? You can double your strength in two years of training. I doubt they would have doubled their strength just staying on that testosterone dose. Because, guess what? There would have been no progression in the stimulus. That's what we do with training. And, of course, food, et cetera. There's a progressive overload component there. So for folks to take this study, and this is what has sort of implied and suggested, and say that testosterone or gear is equivalent to training, generally speaking, over the long haul, over the course of many years, is doesn't match with what can be concluded and inferred from this particular study, because this was a 10-week study. This is not a one year or two year study, where they had them training. Eventually, the natty training would have superseded what happened in those 10 weeks, which I imagine were plateauing about the time at the end of the study. 10 weeks is a nice time to give the drug and effect to accrue that fat remas, et cetera. The strength gains. We'll talk about placebo here at the very end, of course, one of my favorite topics. But the strength gains, I imagine those would have also plateaued. If those are those come from fat-free mass or muscle mass, that makes sense to be a little bit stronger. But we know, I've talked about this, not in this three-part series, but previously, I've talked about studies that demonstrate specificity of training where they actually have, and this was a folks might remember, this was maybe, this is the last year I think, did a study where they trained with the squat, and showed like, I think a 60% increase in squat strength, and about a 10% increase in quad cross-sectional area, the strength gains on a leg press, which is a similar movement that's a compound, pressing movement, you're using the hips and the knees, ankles, you're using all the muscles of the lower extremity to drive the weight. The strength gains were cut in half, not nearly, it wasn't exactly a squat, but similar, and then when they took those individuals, had bigger muscles, 10% greater quad cross-sectional area, and tested them on any extension, there was no increase in size, and strength is excuse me. No increase in strength. Yeah, remember that, right? That was crazy. Yeah, it was kind of wacky. So more muscle doesn't necessarily mean more strength, in this case, one would presume that the muscle was contributing to strength, it doesn't make sense. These aren't gigantic changes in strength or size yet. But it's very possible that they're still a placebo effect that play there, in my mind at least, given what I know would happen to someone who's also didn't give in six times normal testosterone levels. And even if it's not affecting them in the same way, as it would initially, after that first shot, they're out on the prowler, they're going to every night club, within walking distance, and that may have faded over the course of those 10 weeks, they still know what they're getting. If they figured it out because they've got something in their sex-drivaled veto that's changed substantially, which is very, very likely. So that's sort of a weakness there. So the obvious take home two here is that the gains from both training and the gear were basically double of what you got from either of those alone. And that makes sense. We know that that's why people use steroids. Took a while, figured that out. This study was important because the action to American College of Sports Medicine is sort of as notorious review statement, a position stand on antibiotics, steroids, and sport, where they suggested based on the literature that was available at the time, that there was no impact on strength or muscle mass. That was the basic conclusion. Until eventually enough information came forth to demonstrate that. Some of those studies, they weren't well controlled, they're just anecdotal, cross-sectional, that sort of thing. So anyway, we obviously know this is a good study to demonstrate that gear does amplify the gains that you'll get both in muscle mass and strength from weight training. So this is the Boston study. So people say the gear works alone, yes, on the short term, it's not a long term study. So it's very informative, standard classic study, definitely worth knowing this is the one a figure people be interested in. Let's hit the next slide here. We're gonna dig in a little bit more. So you can put us on the very perfect. Excellent, cool. So you'll see if you go and look online, you'll see the half-life charts for all the gear. You'll see the list everywhere, they're copied and pasted, copied and pasted. Rarely will you find a citation or a source for that information, but it's just regurgitated because you can Google it and find it there. Well, here's the thing. The side from going into each one of those drugs and trying to look at the information sources for that. We do know, and it's been a theme for the things that I talk about here, is that there's tons of variability across individuals. So that's a huge point. But first and foremost, actually there's tons of there can be substantial variability at least, depending on how the drug is formulated and where the drug is administered, how it's administered. That's right. I got to tell you, because we've heard for guys who have watched or listened to the show for a long time. This is something we talked about maybe a couple of years ago now. And this for me was a game changer. This topic right here was a game changer and understanding the way these drugs work. So this, yeah, this one, the Minco at Alstad, which was in the upper left there, was pretty cool. So they used Nandrolone Estrus, the Fimo proponate, so NPP, and then decanoate. And there's a bunch of four plots. There was 100 milligrams per injection each time. So we'll look at the top one is NPP and that was ejected into the glue. In this case, that was a four mill injection. So that's not, so you wouldn't typically find a 25 milligrams per mill. I don't think I've ever seen her anyone talking about that kind of an injection. But they did that interesting enough that it would have been nice to think it had a one mill that was also 100 milligrams per mill. Just compare, but they didn't do that. So we'll kind of like, the one thing you can see there, obviously, is still 100 milligrams, which you're getting a much higher peak. And in this case, Fimo proponate is supposed to be pretty fast. It's elevated a good bit, even five days afterwards. So that's sort of interesting. So this idea of a half life is something that can be calculated, but the half life doesn't necessarily tell you how the curve of blood levels looks. In this case, you see it drops down there after about day four pretty quickly, but it's really elevated for four days. So if you inject, I'm sorry, go ahead. It's a phenoproponate. The top one is a phenoproponate, but it's okay. But it's actually got 25 milligrams per mill formulation. Because they gave a four mill injection. OK, I just wanted to say too, because I know one of the things we had had looking at these charts and graphs on the previous episode since there, you know, a lot of our audience still is audio listeners. I just want to say, looking at that line, I'm saying, like a really sharp peak in that, that would be in the first day, right? Scott and it looks like it reaches its peak when it hits the one. So that would be what 24 hours after the shot. And then from there, it's a gradual drop off. And then by day five, it's still there. I mean, it's coming down at maybe a 45 degree angle, but there still is, I mean, it's still there five days later. The peak is over twice as high as for the Nandrelone Deccanoi, any of the formulations that they compared it. Yeah. It's what's substantial. The other thing to consider too, this is 100 milligrams of the gear of the substance. The phenopropinate has the phenopropi, propionic acid is much smaller. So it contributes less to the total weight of the molecule. Nandrelone phenopropinate, because the Deccanoi is a larger molecule. 10 carbons, long I believe, as the name suggests. So a larger percentage of that 100 milligrams is actually anandrolone more in the case. Less, yes, sir, weight per one. So your 100 milligrams is going to be a percentage of the aster, whatever that is for each different drug, and then a percentage of the actual drug. So it's going to be a lot higher there. That makes sense. Yeah. So that's part of why what's going on there. And well, I guess I can transition to this, because this is a question. This came up on the podcast with Dave, where you guys covered Android, that was the topic there. Yeah. Oh, generally, there are several studies that have demonstrated this. It's seen in animals. It's the generally supported, understood way, in which the basic understanding of pharmacokinetics, what the body does to the drug, or what happens to the drug in the body, as it's making its way through its path before and on the way to interacting in this case with the energy and receptor, is that the main reason why we have these different esters, the main reason why they have different half-lives is because the residents of the drug in the body, at least as the active drug, not a metabolite that's been broken down. But the residents of Nandolone, it's a stostrone, or whatever, and a block steroid has an esterified fatty acid on it, is dependent upon the length of that fatty acid, the size of that molecule, which basically is anchors it to its lipophilics, so it's like a fatty acid anchor that keeps it in the depot in the carrier oil, which is the next thing we'll talk about in a bit. And also would keep it anchored to any fatty substances that it might come in contact with. So in large part, what you have, if you have a long esterified fatty, it's like a decanoate, that is anchoring that Nandolone in this case, to the depot, which has been injected for a longer period of time, so it leaves there very, very, very slowly. The phenopropionate or an acetate or a propionate, those are smaller molecules. And so they don't hold as tightly, they're not as lipo-philically attracted to the depot site, and they come out much more rapidly. From there, there are esterases in the blood, and in the liver, we'll talk about that. And those cleave that esterified fatty acid, the enynthate, the sippinate, the decanoate, whatever it might be, really relatively rapidly, in a matter of hours. So the half-lace depended upon the length of the ester. Once it gets out into the blood and can interact with an esterase that breaks down the ester, you've got a free, hormone molecule that can go about its business. It might be bound up by SHBG, so we'll bind to an angere receptor. Some things we'll talk about in the next slide. But it's the length of that, so it's a very slow process to be released from the depot, and then once it's out, the body can metabolize it with those esterases, and it can go about being five-off reduced, so that's possible or romanticize, so that's possible. So that's the basic understanding, and that's why there's so many different esters, because that changes that very major component, the half-lace, essentially, of the drug. So here's the interesting thing, too. So look at these bottom and the folks at home can't see these, but what they did was a, they did several different injections, which kind of take a look at two of them. The two that are one milliliter injections, so that's 100 milligrams from mill, one mill injections. And if you look at the area under the curve, which would be if the folks can see this, this is the top squares. Sorry, the top circles are for the glute, and it's so small on my screen, hopefully you can see it, folks can see it is better at home. The top service for the glute shows substantially larger area under the curve. So same injection, one mill, 100 milligrams, and you're getting a substantially larger area of the curve in terms of the mandrelone, compared to if that same injection were put in the deltoid. So something about the way in which that hormone has residents in the glute muscle versus the delt muscle, which is probably a function of activity of those muscles during the day, changes the half life. My guess is most people, and these are with people who aren't training what have you, training is probably gonna change this. Most people are picking things up and moving their arms around, their delts are constantly being used. You might use your glute, if it's like, if you get a really bad glute shot, it might bother you for a long time, but if you get a bad delt shot, it's bothering you all the time, like constantly. Of course. So you're using that one a good bit more. So that mandrelone, decanoate in this case is gonna leave more rapidly, and then be it, connect with those esterases, be broken down. So you're gonna have a more rapid metabolism because it's not staying in that depot is long. So that's gonna change that area of the curve. So where you put the injection, makes a huge difference, a substantial difference here. In the case, and this is even for deca, which is supposed to be a nice, slow steady release. So that's one thing that changes how much drug is essentially delivered at airing to the curve dramatically. And that's just the same drug, same formulation, everything's the same, just changing the muscle, makes a big difference. So for people who are concerned with having some problems in some way shape or form, or notice differences across their weak, if they're rotating injection sites, they could be also rotating the half-life in the area of the end of the curve. And essentially the effectiveness of their drug, not that it's a bad idea to rotate injection sites, put everything the same spot you could run into problems too. But variability in the drugs actions is gonna come from varying the injection site as well. So that's worth knowing. It's interesting. So yeah, it is something so. The next slide down shows, this case they use 100, sorry, 1,000 milligrams of testosterone undecanoate, which is a really long acting. You can see the days go out there too. They're literally in weeks, 7, 14, 21 days. And they use different carrier oils. They use a GC-toil for one-one case and they use the castroil in the other. So the GC-toil is the upper plot. And you see about, it's about, it's actually about a 50% increase in area into the curve, just because of the carrier oil that's used there. That's gonna affect the release pattern from the depot. So if, for instance, imagine someone who's undergoing physician prescribed to ERT and they change from, or someone who's getting there, they're scripted testosterone from particular clinic, the compounds that for them, and they decide, well, I'm gonna just say myself some money and go with an underground source or another pharmacy or what they go across the board of Mexico, whatever it might be. If the carrier oils are changing, that's gonna change the effectiveness of the drug. The half-wise were different. And here's an interesting one too, because the TC-toil had about a 50% area into the curve. So that's more action of the drug. But the half-life of the Castro oil was 34 days, versus 20-jude days for the TC-toil. And that's, you've got a lower, for Castro, you've got a lower overall area of the curve, smaller, and that meant that it changes, it has a smaller peak, and it changes relatively more so where it's halfway gone, basically, the half-life. So you think, well, that's longer acting, it's like, well, if you look at those two plots and Scott, you can see this, anyone's watching this on YouTube can see this. The TC-toil has higher blood levels after the first, actually, the entire time. Yeah, it does, doesn't it? So you get out like, does the seven-week point? Finally at the eight-week point, there's a difference. So for the first, gosh, essentially, the entirety of two months, you've got more, what higher blood levels, in this case, of testosterone from the carrier oil, that was the TC-toil versus the caster? Am I right here that with the, so it's the TC-toil, first of all, that's the one, that's the high one, first of all, right? The high one, yep. Okay, so what I'm seeing is it starts out higher than the caster oil, but then somewhere around maybe, like, day five, it looks like it, it rockets up and blood concentrations, yeah, much higher. There's a, there's a, it really takes off and maintains that through like day 14, before it then kind of comes back down and follows along just slightly higher than the caster oil. And then at the end, it looks like it does drop off with a little bit faster too. But that's, that's at eight weeks. Yeah, the very, very, very. Oh yeah, yeah, and there's still that dotted line there is what's considered a normal U-go-an-at-a-level. Okay, okay. So like at the eight-week point, they're just dipping down and there's still higher than where they were at the start. These were high-pulled gonaddle men, within the study. But here's the thing though, the guys who got the TC-toil are gonna have, I mean, the area under the curb is 50% greater. So that's basically all other things being equal, like getting 50% more drug, it's like getting a 1500-milogram versus a thousand-milogram shot in terms of the area in the curve. And that would be especially noticeable in those first two weeks. When they're probably at least 21 versus 30, yeah, 20, there about 50% higher for week one and two, and then finally week three, they're coming closer, but they're still a higher amount, all the way out to the point where they would then get another injection. Now, I'm not familiar with TC-toil. I wonder what the viscosity is of that versus castor oil. I know that a lot of the UGL people they've been leaning toward, like really thin, as they call it, smooth, shots. Right. And that they're going to like a lot of MCT oils, EO, these carriers that are super, super thin, I wonder, that'd be curious to know, like what the viscosity was between those two oils and does that have an effect? I understand that's not part of the study here, but I'd be interested. Right. Yeah, I mean, castor was very thick. Yeah, that's what I thought. And so part of the thing, and this information's probably there, I'll go and dig and look, I've looked at this, it's been a while now, but I'll go read dig in there and sometimes you find the little rabbit hole, you can happen to find the needle in the haystack like that, there it is, and you go down, but what's going to be important is the viscosity. So like if an oil is very fluid, of course it's going to generally just leave the depot site in of itself. And with it it's going to carry, as the carrier oil, it's going to carry the drug too, and it's going to free it. Whereas a really viscous oil, like in castures known for that, it's going to stay there, more informal lump being that area for longer, just as an oil depot wood, that's kind of the idea. So there's that, but there's also the extent to which the fatty acids in that carrier oil are holding and forming the bonds, the lepophilic bonds that they do with the esterified fatty acid, whatever is esterified to the molecule. So there's a, there's a lepophilicity, fats-attract fats, water-tracts water, fats are hydrophobic, water is lipophobic, fats are lipophilic, they like one another. So the fats are pulled to one another. And the type of fatty acids and fats in the carrier oil are going to alter both of viscosity, as well as the extent to which they interact with that esterified fatty acid or a stratified fatty molecule. So that's going to, and there may be some differences there. This viscosity may not, I don't know this for sure, this could be easily answered. This is going to depend on what compounds you have and that attraction to the fatty acid in there. And the viscosity is going to change things too. So there's at least two factors there. That could be at work simultaneously. OK. So but anyway, substantial difference just for the carrier oil. So that's worth, I mean, I don't know, a smart, like you don't, it's not like an open market where you have competition. But a smart compounder, a smart seller of such substances, might dig in and do, I use the carrier oil that gives you the highest area under the curve. The greatest bang for your buck. Sure, that's a lot of shit. Yeah, how much substance you're using. It's going to be cheaper that way because you're using less of the active ingredient, potentially, or at least you can sell more potentially, because you've got greater impact from a given amount of the active steroid that you got in your product. So that's big. So imagine if someone's got different sources and you hear people all the time, changing sources and running an issue. Some of it's to really things that kind of stuff, but things will change. And it may not even be that a certain kind of a certain brand or a certain source is under dose per se. It may be a function of the carrier oil. That's what I was thinking of. So much of it's great. Yeah, that's what I was thinking is one guy may have a carrier oil that produces those much higher results. And then you start thinking, oh, that's much better product as a result. Or so-and-so is test is great, but they're anandre-loin socks. Let's say, so that could be a function of the interaction between the carrier oil that they use universally and all their products. And the terrified fatty acid for the different anoboxteroids. So appropriate anandre-loin folicity or the lipofluicive of propinate with a given carrier oil may very, very different than the lipofluicity of a decanoate with that carrier oil. So I should the decanoate doesn't give you a great a whole out of bang for the buck whereas the propane does, but say. So there's lots of things, you know? And that I haven't seen, maybe there's information that is somewhere in like patents and that sort of thing. It's very possible. But it seems likely to me that the carrier oil could be potentially matched with the terrified fatty acid or fatty molecule in a way that gives you the most area of the curve for a given dose. So that's another sort of, eh? We don't know, but there's definitely something going on there at least from these data. So let's slide us back off to the left there so we can see what's on the right side. So this is one from my talk. I give this one, and I give the talk. Why you don't look like a pro? Yes. I think so. So this is, yeah, you have. So this is comparison of individuals with different genes, a different genotype for the esterace in particular, the phosphodiester A7B, which is located in the liver, which cleaves away, in this case, the enhanthic acid of testosterone enhanthate, freeing up the testosterone. And these are blood measurements at the beginning before, and then two days after a 500-millimeter injection. And what you have on the left there are those individuals who are homozygous GG. Those are the two genes. They have two genes for this particular enzyme. And those are the lottery losers, so to speak, because individuals who have one are both A genes for this phosphodiester A7B are depicted on the right. You can see the baseline levels of testosterone, the black bars, dead on the same. There's no difference there. And that would make sense, because your body isn't making a sterified testosterone. It's just making a testosterone. But when you have to metabolize the drug and cleave away a better serified enhanthate, the activity of this enzyme also impacts what you end up with in the blood. And this case, two days later, which is about when you see the peak with the testosterone enhanthate, it actually peaks relatively rapidly. Half life might be on the order of seven days, which people typically say. But it has a peak early on. Those individuals with the aging, either one or two of them, have about a 60% greater elevation of testosterone after a 500-milligram testosterone, you know, at eight shot. So that's like, one guy does 500, who is the lottery loser and the lottery winner, gets an extra 60%. That's like he gets to do like 800, basically. He gets a better, he gets a better bang for the buck, the higher elevation of a testosterone, simply because of that one enzyme that's involved with all of this. So the bottom line from all of these is that the pharmacokinetics for these injectable endoboxterids are a matter of the volume that's used. So is it diluted? Is it highly concentrated? The site of injection, or do you put it in your delt, or your quad, or your glute, or what happened to your lat? What have you? Cariole that's used, and there's possibly some interaction with the curial, with the actual, a terrified fatty acid. So the curial might be best for one drug, but not so good for the other. Another, the genetics that you have for the fatty acid removal, this phosphorysterex7B, and at least in the liver. And then there's all the other things that are involved. So one way in which you can remove steroids is to add a glucose, moody to them, a gluconorocoronidation is what it's called. There's variations, the arginetically, there's variations, SHBG levels, which we know serum hormone binding lobe, those bind up, binds up the gear in your system. There's genetics, variation, the genetics for aromatase. That's a function of age and body fat as well. Whole bunch of other things. And then the one thing that we don't, I've really been able to find any data on, is that the half-life measurements that you see in the half-life studies that are out there, that I'm aware of, just take individuals who are essentially naive to steroids. They give them one injection, a singular injection, and they follow the elevations in blood level and do the calculations for the max concentration, the half-life, et cetera, et cetera. That's a singular injection. We know that your body adapts to things, right? That's, you know, your body learns it up regulates the enzymes that are metabolizing xenobiotics, things like drugs, pallins, things that are normally supposed to be in your body that you wouldn't want that are considered foreigners. The esterase is absolutely upregulate in response to various things. So that half-life may change the first, versus the fifth, the sixth, the tenth, the 20th injection down the road. So that's changing and the extent to which that changes is probably going to vary across individuals too. So if you think of all of that, it makes you think, well, can we even predict this stuff? Well, to some degree, we know that, you know, decanoates going to be longer than propinate, or acetate, you know, it's going to really argue that. But how those things change and how much they vary you versus your body. This is not to mention the whole aspect of to what extent is the drug actually having effect on you. This is just what's going on with the drug that makes its way in route to the skeletal muscle cells and route to the end of the receptor. So this is just the path to the front gate of the city can vary tremendously. So this is worth knowing. So if someone's making an assumption like, well, I should be fine. Like, I'm doing much testosterone. A lot of doctors do this. Doing a much testosterone once a week. ENA and Thates got a half-life of seven days. I should be good to go. And they keep feeling like shit, you know, five days after their injection. It could be, they could be quote unquote a wrap of metabolizer, which can evolve a number of the things that I mentioned there in the slide. So this is worth knowing. Absolutely. No. I think at least. It's a lesson. Yeah. I'm just going to say, and it explains a lot. I mean, as a coach, I work with a lot of guys that are on TRT. So over the last decade, I can literally say, I've seen hundreds, if not thousands of people that are on TRT and that their levels are, they vary so much. One guy that does great with 100 milligrams per week. Another guy that he gets on TRT, I'm thinking of one guy in particular, I'm sure he's watching or listening to this right now, that he's at 300. The doctor's got him at 300. And that's just to keep him at like 500 on his test levels. It's like, what his body requires to make that. I love this because we know that stuff. If you've been in bodybuilding, you recognize that everybody is unique but to have an explanation for it or to see it on paper like this helps a lot. Right. And you know, this he, this he do his own shots or the end is delving. This includes. Believe it does glutes. Okay. So, you know, there could be, that's not a bad, a bad choice from what we're seeing here. But I wonder if you went with a different pharmacy with a different cariole that might change something. You never know, you know? Yeah. Number of the things. So, we can slide us to the bottom right there. All right. There we go. So, this is a little bit, sorry, this is so messy. But this is sort of an interesting, this is kind of the brain, brain candy slide of the slide here. Okay. So, people will look at anrogen binding as an indicator like to what extent is the anrogen binding to the anrogen receptor. That's kind of like, that's where the magic happens, right? That's the whole point is to get the anrogen to bind to the anrogen receptor. So, you can turn on the genes that lead to larger muscles, essentially. Of course, it's doing things throughout the body and all the tissues that express anrogen receptors, which is basically everything. So, but the thing that's interesting about these studies is you have to take a little bit closer look at how they came up, how they, the model that they used to test the different anrogen receptor binding. And I've got two studies here. We can leave us there, but the study on the right is with just anrogen receptors and humans. And that's where they literally have created a system where they've just got the anrogen receptors. There's nothing else in the way. They're just a medium there and they can test the binding in the way that they do that. Whereas on the left, this is a Sartox study. It's kind of the classic one that a lot of people refer to. I covered up some of the information there. They've got a number of different, they call them competitors. These are all steroids, steroid molecules. And they've looked at the relative binding to SHBG. And they also had rabbit muscle. I covered that up for the most part and rat muscle. Rat muscle is rats kind of like that's your standard lab animal because it's fairly similar to humans. And it's not far off in this case, it's true of the anticepter. A man is not a rat. There's truth to that without a doubt. There's some differences there. But in this case, what they tested was rat muscle, which has rat and heresophers in it. But in this case, it was a homogenetic. They take the muscle and they blend it up so they can, so the the anrogen they're testing, the ster other testing can bind freely to the anjrys, after. But they also have all the enzymes in that tissue. The ones that are inside the cell, the cytosol, intact. And those enzymes can act on the anrogen in the way that they would in vivo, in the actual animal. So as some background, the classic genomic way in which anrogen's work is the anrogen's their cholesterol backgrown base, testosterone based. So their lipophilic, they can make their way right through a plasma membrane, which is fatty in nature, into the cell. This kind of float into the cell. And then there's actually two pieces to an anagery septor, it dimerizes, so the die, meaning two pieces come together with one anrogen. And then it makes its way into the nucleus. And alongside with coactivators and transcription factors, turns on all those anrogen sensitive genes. So you have all the magic happening there. At least with the classical way that anrogen's work at the genomic level. So but in root, from outside the cell, through the cell, through what's called the cytosol, so the gelatinous stuff inside the cell, there are enzymes there. And in this table on the left, those enzymes are still around. So if you look here, in this case, if you look at that table on the left, number two is DHT. And it has a binding affinity and it's all relativeized to sort of for comparison say of one. So that's kind of the standard, SHBG, but DHT binding to SHBG is one. If you look at its binding, this is in the homogenized tissue with those enzymes. The binding of DHT dihydrochistosterone, the anrogenic version of testosterone that's been five-off reduced. That very one basically has zero binding to the anrogen receptor. Yeah. Nothing. And that's because there are enzymes in the cytosol that break it down. In this model, those enzymes are intact and they can act on and break down the DHT before it has a chance to bind to the anrogen receptor. There's nothing there. Now, if you see the little line, I've got the lines going from left to right there. And that second line of the less than 0.01 circled. And if you follow it over to the table on the right, the top line there shows DHT. And the leftmost column there is for the binding and it's relative binding affinity. So DHT is the standard to the recombinant human anrogen receptor. So on the left, the binding and the rat muscle anrogen receptor, when all those enzymes were there, was zilch, nothing, undetectable. You go over to the right where it's just the anrogen receptor. No enzymes around to act on the DHT. That's where we have 100% relative binding affinity. That's the standard for binding affinity, it's DHT. So it does bind the anrogen receptor, but only if it can get to it. And so if someone wanted to say, hey, DHT doesn't bind the anrogen receptor, they can pull the start-talk study up and show you that do a screen capture of that plot and it's like, nothing, zilch-o, zipo. Well, that's true in rat muscle that has those enzymes that break it down. Obviously, that's not true in the prostate. That's not true in the hair. And the skin, the places where people will see secondary side effects to anrogen's like DHT. So that's interesting. So I'm going to just skip down there some, this actually shows methyl trend. There's actually the second line that's connected. I think we can skip that for now. But what I want to get to mainly is, we can back with Nitu, to the bottom of the leftmost table, where they have, there's five different, I've highlighted them, five different compounds. And those compounds in order from 11, 12, 13, on to 15, it's pre-mo, Winnie, V-ball, Halo. And then the technical name that Dave Crossland doesn't like to use brawl. So you're all naturally. Brawl, brawl. Yeah, that's the last one. Green giant say, so. So, it's exactly. So here we have an issue with, in this case, the A-pop, exactly. So these have basically zero binding affinity to the anrogenoushefter. And there are no known enzymes that I'm aware of that show that would break down Winnie, Diana Ball, Halo Tested, and Anadrol, Oxi-Methalon. But they're not binding to the adrogenoushefter. But they work somehow. And this is what you mentioned on that previous podcast, because what they've done in a similar system is exposed muscle to, those, deep-all and windstrawling in particular. And they can, and this is what you're talking about, sort of lighting up the muscle, they have a, they can, they can, they use a model where when those anrogen responsive genes are activated, you actually also express of photo-luminizing molecule that creates literally light. So when the anrogenoushefter genes are turned on by an anrogen, like Winstrawler Debal, you actually literally light up the cell, because you also have those photo-luminizing molecules produced, and you can measure the quantity of light, the photons, the brightness of the light, the lumens of light, to get an indicator of the extent to which you've turned on, transactivated the anrogenoushefter genes. So as we know, no one's gonna say, Debal and Winstrawle doesn't work. You know, and they absolutely utterly, for sure work, they turn on those genes, but they don't seem to do it through the classical anrogenoushefter. So they certainly work, but it's not the mechanism by which testosterone would work, where it binds the anrogenoushefter. Yeah, which is very confusing to me. It is. Well, I've got another, I didn't send this to you. It's too complicated, but there's also other ways in which the anrogenous can work. One of them is another less referenced, less investigated anrogenoushefter that isn't that one that makes its way to the nucleus. It's a membrane bound one. You tend to see that in things like neurons. And so the oral is in particular, think superdrawl, anodrol, the ones that have an impact on your brain, your psychological state relatively rapidly. Literally people use those as pre-workouts for that purpose. They'll take an anodrol or a superdrawl or halo is a prime example that the power lifters would use to try to get anped up. Those act relatively rapidly. That's how plasma membrane receptors work. Once that anrogen gets to a plasma membrane receptor, boom, it turns on signaling within the cell and second messengers send out the signal and you can affect the activity of a neuron in the brain really rapidly in that way. So they're activating ananodry receptor because it's receiving an anrogen. So therefore it's technically anandry receptor. It's just not the classical genomic one that we know so much about. So there's a different mechanism of action there with the orals versus the non-orals. So that's sort of the bottom line there is that you see binding affinity. And it varies actually. If you look at that plot, one alpha methyl Dht is a methylated Dht. And that actually has some binding to the alpha or to the end receptor there. A little bit, it's about one third that of testosterone. So that one makes its way in. That's not an oral, I don't think people are making using. You'll see number five is a 19-nortestastron, Bethanyndrolone. So that one binds just by itself in this rat muscle equally to testosterone which is just above it. About one quarter the amount that you see with methyl trianolone which is the standard. So a methyl trianolone is methyl. So my barolone or methyl trend basically. So let's move our pictures to the left again. And some of the, so what can we take from this? Kind of complicated stuff. But the binding studies don't necessarily reflect tissue binding study. So what's sort of tissue metabolism what that should say. So what's actually going on in the tissue due to the activity of these enzymes is going to vary. So the effective DHT on muscle isn't this dramatic growth process. But the effective DHT on your prostate or your hairline or five-alpha reduced molecules, depending on the molecule is going to depend on the tissues activity enzymatically. Muscle breaks down DHT. In this case that's why you see zero binding there in the rat muscle and the leftmost, the Sartock table. The common orals like winning in debol, they don't bind to the traditional genomic and energy receptor. So but they still show transactivation at energy and receptive genes. And this is this membrane-based G protein and receptors. So I'm going to jump one thing. I'll cover another thing in just a second. But the question is how much do we really know about how these things are working? Like we don't even know where they're binding necessarily per se. Dost responses in terms of binding across the different tissues has not been determined. But what it does seem to suggest, the most of the injectables bind to that energy receptor, the one we all know and love, that has the effect genomically on the genes, and the orals don't. So it's a very common thing for people to stack an oral with an injectable. Makes sense from a growth perspective because you've got different mechanisms that you can couple together, that you can stack on top of one another, as opposed to using ad 500 milligrams test, to 500 milligrams of test, and then something that acts to another mechanism that's still anabolic as the orals will tend to be, and that makes more sense because you're making use of the activity of different pathways to produce the same growth andabolic effect in muscle that you're looking for. Yeah. So it makes sense, but we don't know that much. One thing I'll add to that I didn't, this is a whole other slide, but there's high, and I talked about this here, I think too. There's high variability in the binding affinity of the energy receptor across individuals. There's a couple of different sequences. One of them particular codes for the glutamine amino acid, and the length of that sequence, it can be like eight to like 30 or so amino acids, changes the shape of the energy receptor. And when the energy shift is a different shape, it's kind of like the locking key hypothesis. The extent to which the energy will bind to that energy receptor is going to vary. So we've got the locks, so to speak, and if the lock has changed, one key will work better than another key. If a really good lock with high energy receptor, at least testosterone receptor affinity, will work really, really good when the key that's coming in is testosterone. And it would you think would work well with other proteins that are like testosterone, like antibiotics, steroids are. But there's some possibility that for someone with an energy receptor with a lock that's shaped in one direction, might do better with keys that are better suited to that person's lock, meaning steroids that work differently and better for them versus someone else. Some seem to work universally if you can't grow on deck and devol, then mice will give up, as they say, and they're going to have a lot of energy. But some people find, yeah, I believe that's the way that, supposedly, that's what I've always heard that he was a person who kind of said that. But some people do really well with certain antigens and others don't. And there's reasons for that. There's the unknown, like what's actually going on in terms of the pharmacodynamics, what the drug is doing in the body, and that's going to vary because we don't use that. But the first thing is that for someone like their spine, which energy is located isdock, which energy factor, which energy factor is binding to necessarily, so how it's going about that things, all the other aspects of the genetics, including the energy center itself, or that's also of this in part like the pharmacodynamics, which is looking think of anatory sectors and anatory suburbiding and the previous slide which is the pharmacokinetics. So thinking of all those possibilities, not to mention someone's lifestyle, their training, their food, everything else, but just the drug related stuff. Imagine someone who won the lottery, they've got a really highly-anagent high-anagent receptors, affinity for antigens, so getting good binding, good transactivation. That's true for both the membrane bound and the genomic classical nuclear receptor. They've got the right enzymes for producing the high area into the curve for stripping that that esterified fatty acids. So they've got the the A genes for the phosphorysteree-7B. They happen to use the right carrier oil and the injecting the right site for them. They've got all those things lined up. They're going to be, they're going to do pretty dang well. They're going to blow up. Take someone else with poor genetics, poor choice of injection, carrier site, blah, blah, that person could be almost an anonymous bonder relatively speaking. Sure. So this is some reasons why kind of a brain can anything, these are some reasons why things can vary for individuals. That's some, it's hopped ahead to the next one. So try to, this is growth hormone. Very controversial to some degree. Some people think it's the, it's the, it's the nectar of the gods. And then others like, yeah. So I'm going to touch on some of those things. Just just to try to help people understand why it might be that some do better than others. So on the right, I've got a plot there. It's the somata need and high hypothesis. So this is the basis for the reason why a lot of guys like to look to their IGF1 levels. Excuse me, when they're using GH. So the way in which it's thought that GH is part of least mediates growth is that it is a somata median. In fact, it used to be called somata median C before they termed it growth hormone. Because one major way in which growth hormone exerts its effects on growth and its anabok activities is by causing the release of IGF1 in the liver. So that's what you see in the plot there, the two returgy gland releasing growth hormone and then it stimulates the liver produce IGF1. And the IGF1 goes about its business in the body. There's numerous binding proteins sort of very complicated system. GH binds to bone directly. Their GH receptors there. The idea that GH has a direct effect on skeletal muscle. It does seem to enhance protein synthesis. It doesn't there's not a lot of strong evidence at least in the research that it's some giant mass builder. Talked about reasons things with GH and how it may help people gain because they've got greater fat loss with it or the got effect on fat metabolism. What was the reason the eat more and possibly use that energy to grow from. But as far as GH a GH receptor where GH would bind and do things directly the skeletal muscle. That's a pretty iffy proposition. It's only a couple studies that have demonstrated direct effect on skeletal muscle per se that suggests that there's a GH receptor there and only one that I can find there might be a couple others of many where they've not been able to actually isolate a growth hormone receptor in skeletal muscle. Just not there for the most part. So it's doing indirect things. In terms of fat metabolism and IGF1 I think which are probably bringing about its effect. So that means there's lots of potential for variability and intermediates. For instance if you're using growth hormone everything else is the same you'll get a elevation IGF1. But if you're dieting down you would expect IGF1 to get low because IGF1 is a relative marker of nutritional status. If you're hypercoloric and it caloric deficit you're IGF1 is going to go down. Growth hormone might not be enough bring that up to where it's elevated outside of normal ranges which is what people are looking for so know if they have legitimate growth hormone and they extend to which that happens varies. So just a real quick this is no there's not a particular study or just some real quick ideas about growth hormone. I'll try to move through this quickly as a good bit of information there. If you could slide us maybe to the upper right that would be best I think. Yeah so actually there's two major growth hormone isiforms. There's a little bit bigger one that's 22 kilodaltons in size that's the one that you'll get if you're buying pharmaceutical growth hormone there's another one that's a little bit smaller and they're actually growth they're a dimers like two growth hormone pieces that you'll find in the blood as well as fragments all of which can have activity. So we're just using one of the plurry the numerous different forms of growth hormone. There are at least two different growth hormone binding protein versions with different affinity for those that's another source of variability. In fact the gene that codes for the growth hormone receptor is also used to code the proteins for the growth hormone binding protein both of which of course buying growth hormone when it's received by the receptor or bound to the binding protein. There's one variation in that growth hormone binding protein that seems to be a better one to have it can furrs better growth and dwarfs when they give them growth hormone and it also means that people with acromegally who produce too much growth hormone they have better glucose tolerance they have a lower BMI so then out of they tend to be leaner generally speaking that's what the BMI would suggest and their levels are low. That growth hormone receptor gene doesn't seem to affect adult growth in individuals but in people that have excess or if be administered growth hormone that's the better growth hormone receptor to have growth hormone antibodies form. Highly variable in some studies it's none when they looked at it other studies up to 60% of individuals given that growth hormone produce that. That table that just below where you're sitting right now shows it's from that rujo at on 1991 and they looked at a number of different studies the leftmost column shows the number of individuals out of the total subjects they studied and the number of individuals individuals that had produced antibodies to genotropin, somatram, hematrop, nomenordisc, et cetera, et cetera and those bottom three studies nobody produced antibodies and the top three number of people did one of studies was 10 out of 46 individuals tired even in other studies. How long those antibodies stay around also varies so the problem with an antibody is that that's your immune system way of targeting and binding up a potential hazardous molecule to zeno biotic it's not something that's good so antibodies would bind to the protein that's growth hormone because so it could be targeted by your immune system for destruction get it out of here and of course it doesn't work then the growth hormone can't bind to as receptor and do its business so some people produce higher antibodies than others and that could render their growth hormone useless so that's the reason why growth hormone might work if you're someone with the immune system that is sensitive for whatever reason to the growth hormone that you use which seems to vary according to different brands even the pharmaceutical ones you're going to negate that growth hormone because you're producing antibodies to it your immune system is taking it out of the mix it's basically undoing the injected growth hormone so that's not to mention what could happen of course with the product so obviously black market products can be underdosed that can be a possibility and the quality can be an issue so the growth hormone is generally produced with if they're not pulling this from from a cadaver is anymore it gets a legal actually the outcome quite felt disease was the issue people would get pre-on based disease from doing that that was sort of sneaking into those products so the user commented DNA technology which is a pretty fragile technology it has to be you know done in somewhat controlled it's very commonplace now but if someone's doing this in a factory where they're just banging out as much as they can you could be producing growth hormone molecules that aren't completely up to stuff in fact you could produce what you think is equivalent to the human growth hormone was off by one amino acid let's say let's say you just have a certain percentage it's off by one or two amino acids or a number of fragments in there and this is some of the black market people are actually measuring this and reporting their products how many broken growth hormone molecules you have so you can have a poorly constructed a mal-constructed or incomplete and guess what happens you put something that's kind of a fake version of growth hormone a not real not matching to your endogenous growth hormone a good immune system says that's not what we want and it targets it produces antibodies or it could be that with that one wrong missing amino acid or x percentage of your growth hormone that isn't completely complete molecule those fragments are completely inactive or that mal form growth hormone is completely inactive it's a faulty growth hormone molecule so you immune system picks up on that and guess what if immune system happens to find something in that faulty growth hormone that is the same as in a regular growth hormone it's going to probably start producing antibodies to your own growth hormone too that's a possibility certain so then now you really screw yourself you've you've injected a the screw that growth hormone it sensitizes your immune system to your own growth hormone as well and you become growth hormone deficient at least until you know some point in time maybe those antibodies are gone that's a possibility theoretically at least so storage can be an issue if you get something from overseas and it you know sits you know who in customs or what have you for a month you can have oxidation deamination potentially cleavage to the protein could break down the you can have the amino acids could deamidate so they can lose part of their their nitrogen containing of the part of the molecule or they can oxidize so those are going to change the shape of the growth hormone trigger the immune system or just mean that it doesn't fit well with the growth hormone receptor then you're screwed so those are all possibilities either genetic or because of the product that can change the results that a user would get let's grow a thorn mom so again information for you to know not that you want to go out and like just try to sample every growth hormone product you possibly can but there's some there is some roulette here so to speak absolutely some degree yeah so that can be why it's a lot of the you know the very very common perception that you know farm grade growth hormone is so much better than black market stuff it makes sense given this to some degree even though there's possibility antibiotic formation even with farm grade at least you're avoiding those handling and those production issues storage and production issues that can create a product that at worst case scenario is just relatively ineffective or best case scenario relatively effective in worst case scenario also triggers your immune system to basically completely block any growth hormone signaling if it's doing its job and taking out the growth hormone your body's producing yeah I can't remember what brand it was Dave Crossland and spoke to someone who was with a manufacturer and they said that to this day in the UK they have never found growth hormone that was produced from their facility that was on the underground market that everything they had found like on the underground market were imposteres they were counterfeits which I thought that was interesting I can't remember which brand it was but it's you know all fake yeah yeah and that's not to say that there wasn't real growth hormone in it but that there's big business in not not to try to trick us but to actually trick pharmacies or to trick hospitals pharmacies they're getting that stuff by the palette we're just getting it you know I shouldn't say we but people and us as in body builders are getting those products that were you know tricking big company space I think pretty was by the mob you know or whoever out there yeah you know one of the things that Jordan has talked about which was really really smart he had a connection someone who had the lab with lab equipment to do at least on the gear I believe maybe even on an G8 to actually measure molecular weight yeah measure you know get an idea of the configuration the number of the purity just the purity I think generally as well as a number of fragments fragmentation that you'll see nice in growth hormone as well as the gear because that's the thing you could even have let's say supplier this is something I think LATS talked about they they try to do you know they do the bio assay for growth hormone a lot on that site where people will go in and they'll do a 10 IU growth hormone injection and time their blood work so it's about three three hours after that injection and look at the the growth hormone levels in the blood which you can do just ordering that that assay for yourself but a lot of those sponsors there a lot of people are selling black market on that side of the places they have lab results assay results for their product but who's the know whether they're making those up or not you know that's been a point of attention I've seen right so it's makes you think wow like they're really going the extra mile but is that an independent third party truly is you such a thing you know in the black market right I mean these are people you don't know they go by student aims you know obviously they're trying to make as much money as possible and who as the wherewithal me Jordan went about doing that but most people are not going to like you know I'm going to buy I don't know 500 dollars with a growth hormone I'm going to spend $2,000 testing it true true I'm not going to happen yeah you kind of have to rely on and people I think rely on communities and they know you know massive words and old people that they trust and at the end of the day though you are obviously still taking uh taking the plunger yourself yeah and the thing with growth hormone just it seems there's like the title of the slide was why so controversial some people really are highly responsive to it yeah they seem to they seem to see that magical effect where they just sort of recomp with it and others not and it's hard to really know how much of which of all this multitude of factors are at play whether it's the gear or whether it's the sort of the growth hormone or it's the person or something in between it could be good growth hormone that just spent too long sitting in a hot truck someplace yeah right so but this is worth worth considering so last one yep we're almost there so here here's the big here's the big and you know this study I've talked about a multitude of times one of my favorites so placebo study that Gideon Riel did back in the 1972 so this is the one university Massachusetts they took the um athletes who had uh uh done the best during a competition to see if they would be entered into a study to test the effect and that's of dannable so literally steroids have just been um um uh outlawed in 1970 this was 72 in this published so it was about that time and of course that in of itself puts in your mind that okay there's a reason why these are legal now the reason why you know they're by sport what's that by sport Dima by law 70s I didn't feel as it's steroids when you know I see so they were all subscription I got you yeah they became a controlled substance yeah were they controlled substance or just considered made into pharmaceuticals because I thought it was like the 1990 one thing was when they made them a controlled substance and a blockster control act I think I have to go up to ask um uh Rick Collins maybe okay because I don't want to get you in any trouble here we get some YouTube or right there you are part the animal external control act maybe shifted the scheduling that they were in but I think that's yeah yeah and I don't but in 1970 there was it became illegal for anything other than prescriptions so maybe that was that was it basically okay but the point of that is that they were they were under a scrutiny of the federal government which creates an allure of course they become a fruit for being fruit and you know people were starting to come aware you know the eastern block athletes have been doing this for a while you know this is a big deal there's something there to be said and when these athletes actually the ones that did the best in this sort of pre-training period um who won the right to get into the study and you see those data there on the left I'll get to that in just a second they brought them into the health center to give them the proper screening let them know what the potential side effects would be of these highly potent drugs that they're about to get all of which of course set them up for expecting massive gains of course so um they had this competition and then the winners went the testing period what you see on the left there is this sort of training period and it's the increase they'd put any standard air bars in there but increase in the in the total training loads like one rep max loads that they got over that first period and then the bottom and the bottom chore there for the squat and the bench so that was eight weeks and you can see the the increases there over those first eight weeks with during an off season period when you expect that gains are going to come pretty readily they've just come off their season whether they weren't doing much way training now they get back in the gym and trying to make games these are the motivated ones and then they took it on the health center total here comes the goodies gave them the placebo no gear at all and during that period of time you see the plots on the right the placebo period which is what they thought was the drug and the rate of gains was like two to three times just in five weeks the rate of gains was two to three times and there was a five-week period when they were getting a placebo that's when you expect that their gains would have been tempering off this is just strength they weren't measuring body composition here but if you presume that the strength of the bench is going to carry over the training stimulus is going to carry over to muscle gains there's obviously applicability here so this was just because they fully believe that this was the case if you can slide off us off to the left there we go cool um this is my favorite placebo study because they literally something about thinking that they're on the steroids brought about greater gains substantially literally they made more games during that five-week period than the previous eight-week period so just a little more than half as long and the rate of gains was two to three times greater yes you have a question no oh I thought I heard you about say something so the bit lot of point here is if you think you're on the goods you might as well have them you might as well be right and there's a large part to that so this all comes down to the expectations I mentioned before they were told to the side effects of the student at student health they expected the ASS would enhance their performance because of the illegality of them and real AS can have effects that also create these expectations these think back to the Bosnstate where I suspected I guessed that those college students who were given 600 milligrams of test probably thought it could tell that they were on the year because their sex drive would be in outrageous so that creates expectancies which at least might have carried over to when they went into the strength test they think they're a little bit superhuman and they give different efforts because it's affected their brain in some way shape or form there's another study I don't show the data here but imagine Arrested Al he was part of a thesis study published in 2000 they put basically the same thing with power lifters and told them they were getting steroids and then they saw the same effect essentially and then what they did was they revealed the truth to them by the way no gear just kidding it was fake sugar pill and they lost their strength they literally reverted back in the effect reversed itself yeah oh it dissipated so once they once they eliminated that thought that they were on special sauce the effects of thinking their on special sauce were gone so belief is a powerful thing and here's here's the thing that's kind of hard to to separate like you want to actually believe the stuff if someone's going to use PEDs it's to your benefit to believe that you're using them because just believing that has its own effects in and of itself that's just the power of your mind in this case I mean these are placebo like effect or these are steroid like effects from a placebo and the thing that is is worth knowing of course is that one that's going to potentially blur your ability to tell whether you've got something that's actually working if you're sure it is then it will so obviously you'd rather not spend your money on bunk product something that's not truly physiologically effective but games are games you know if it's if you can trick yourself with a $200 a week or whatever it might be PED use that produces the games you're seeking and it's bunk well obviously there's possibility they're using something that's creating some physiological harm too is a different substance or what I have you but that's the bottom line so that's going to intervene with whether or not you can tell if what you're using is real or not but the other side of this is that before and this is probably the more fact this is definitely more important the message message is that if you know if you know because the placebo effect if the placebo effects are certainly there and there's some variability here too there are certain number of genes that are predictive of the placebo effect but if you're someone who's amenable to that then there is something in your mind that you're not harnessing my thought would be two choices harness that power of your mind first and foremost before you go to using drugs because we know which ones to ease your way out we know which one is likely to be have the carry with it the greatest risk of harm that's the drugs there's a lot there to be had with just dotting every eye crossing every tea believing in yourself and putting everything into your training your supplementation otherwise your traditional supplementation your food not just super supplements to maximize all those things and see what you can do without the drugs that's worth that really because just the mind power can be as impactful as drugs at least in a short term obviously you know you're not going to get the size of big ramen right more than like without some self-mutation but I think what happens is this human nature where we look for the it makes sense to look for the easiest route to get somewhere you know most people are not going to find the hardest try it's a more difficult route to go without the gear to try to maximize see what your maximal potential might be the question is in my mind and you know where I stand on this because I harp on this all the time is that the value of the of the behavior the value of the path the value of the journey it comes in what you've overcome and learned in doing so not necessarily where you end up so I would much rather be the guy who struggled tooth and nail put on 15 pounds of muscle over the course of five years and no I earned every single bit of that but it'd be someone who put on 25 pounds of muscle and I train lacs a day's at least and I you know eight kind of whatever blah blah there's there's nothing redeeming invaluable in that that's not a challenge overcome that's just knowing that if you give pharmaceuticals to your body you'd happen to be someone who responds quite well to them but you know you may actually also be someone who really really like strawberry ice cream as opposed to chocolate ice cream that's just you know your proclivity that's you tend to see the like that kind of that doesn't there's a mean all that much except maybe you want to eat more strawberry ice cream yeah so just because you grow well from drugs for your soul what's the important route to go for Instagram likes for you know picking up chicks maybe or thinking that you got a better chance a lot of them don't really care about that some do of course the the drugs are going to be the faster ticket but for you as a person which is the better route and I think maximizing everything and if this is if PEDs is something you choose to do because it's your part of fully actualizing your capacity as a human on this planet then you know I'm not I'm no one to say but there's a lot there's a lot that can be done this is what this last slide's about without the gear and just believing that you just having the belief that the gear brings to people the placebo effect in this case is is one of the most powerful tools that are available to people and I think we just don't realize that because this placebo effect thing is sort of a nebulous type of deal but it's a mullimatter of expecting something to happen and if you believe something then you expect it to happen that's what expectancy is if you believe you're going to get to 200 pounds, 220 pounds you're going to bench 315 whatever it might be if you really truly believe that it's going to happen more than likely barring some unforeseen accident or some you know bizarre circumstance so belief is a trump card that I think a lot of people may not be able to apply or don't realize that they have available but it's in your hand it's there if you believe it you can make a hell of a lot happen that you may not be aware of so that's my main thought on the whole PED thing is that that's the last that's the last trump card and the more important one is the one that does it cause you harm for sure that's just believing in yourself I like what you can possibly do I think it's a great message yeah I hope so all right so yeah does that a closing side there that's it yep so don't miss parts one and two like we did um training and nutrition yes yeah before this so this is the this is the third whammy in the three part series to celebrate 100 episodes 100 first 100 second episodes together this was a this is a good one I hope my brain is any more information and we do have our our Patreon question but my brain feel is so saturated right now even if I were to be insulin I couldn't get any more knowledge inside I'm at like full saturation point let me see if I can pull this question up though we did have some stuff that came up from here it is this is from Daniel now I'm not sure where Daniel is from but he says uh different give him that English is not his native tongue that said his English seems pretty freaking good to me um he says for Scott Stevenson my cardiologist wants to put me on a calcium channel blocker I read some conflicting data about whether it does or does not affect strength in the gym some say it does others say it doesn't I would love to hear what Scott's opinion is on calcium channel blockers especially in relationship to performance in the gym I'm trying to get my pro card next year so I'm very concerned about this he also adds I have very bad asthma and I believe that ACE inhibitors are not recommended for people with asthma and I want to say shout out to him too for supporting us on Patreon anybody else who wants to help the shows out I'll put the link down below you can check that out every five bucks helps to you know pay for stuff like the programs we use and our memberships to sound cloud and all that stuff so what do you think here Scott listen to your doctor I'm not a doctor nor do I play one on the internet oh because it's probably a reason for that I'm guessing it's a blood pressure thing here so I'll just address the calcium channel blocker so I'm pretty sure what Daniel means by any sense strength in the gym is not like one rep max strength which is kind of the death of the strength the horsey-toy-d exercise science definition of strength but it will more than likely it would more than likely impact his performance in the gym the idea of a calcium channel blocker is to impact your heart and your heart's pumping ability in a way that we reduce the blood pressure okay so I won't go into the cardio dynamics of the of the deal but calcium channels are involved with calcium induced calcium release and cardio myocytes and calcium is what is triggering the active in myocytes and to produce the contractions in your heart so if you're blocking a calcium channel you're blocking the entry of calcium to bring about that process essentially so there's going to be an impact on cardiac performance on your heart and if you're doing such a kind of a high volume short rest of all type of training that it out you're going to probably see some impact on your performance you just won't be able to get your heart rate as high you'll be able to pump as blood your blood in the same way and that's important if for if for nothing more if it's not you know let's say your sets are not particularly long or with short rest intervals you will you're going to have a change change perception of your effort relative to what your heart's doing so blood flow is important you need a blood flow to to move metabolites out of the muscle cell for recovery purposes and the the heart is limiting in terms of blood flow through the entire body you can produce a lot more blood flow in a given muscle then your heart can support if you were trying to do that and all the muscles of the body so the heart's limited so now you're taking the sort of limiting factor for blood flow and reducing its capacity with the purpose I think of controlling its hypertension but it's going to probably have some impact there now there are people that train just fine with that you know I don't think you know I don't imagine to be honest unless I mean I would imagine you be able to train just fine probably to make the traffic gains you wants to want to make first and foremost is his health if he's got a high blood pressure there's all the health ramifications come with that take care of that you know that's super important so listen to the doctor but that's just a physiologist perspective on the impact that a calcium channel blocker would have on his performance I don't even know that's ever been studied directly I haven't looked honestly that one I have not looked but that would make perfect sense anything you're doing like a they've done a lot with beta blockers has a it's a beige brace symbol so he wants to dig in the literature he could go to google scholar scolor dot google dot com and put in beta blocker exercise performance and that will limit your heart rate math or rates substantially an impact performance especially during aerobic exercise so he's got more of an aerobic type of way of training high volume keep it moving you know get maintain a bump until the pump is gone type of training style or if he's just does like a lot of like badass full body like squat deadlift leg press types of training yeah where his heart rates you know close to or equivalent to it's what it's max is that's going to be impacted so he will he would notice it there so so yeah there's that pot there's that issue potentially but you also want to live to compete to so yeah if the doctor's telling you you know your blood pressure is a hard control and talk though with your doctor there could be that's a very specific question you may be able to have elevated him at a crit it may be that he's someone who gets high blood pressure hypertension when he has polysithemia so you know maybe blood letting full body me would be a good deal for him we don't know where he lives whether that's possibility so you know talk with your doctor about those options yeah yeah I had had to use a blood pressure medication at one point when I was pushing my body weight up my blood pressure was going up and I had issues with the first that we tried and I expressed to my doctor like I said you know I don't want this to affect my training and so she listened to me on that we tried something it didn't we ended up going to listen a pro which worked fine for me and so obviously you guys know I'm not a doctor for sure but I just shared my experience that listen a pro didn't affect me whatsoever and I think there's a dosage factor in there too like I did use a low dose of a beta blocker at one point it helped my my blood pressure just fine and it didn't in our fact it didn't excuse me it didn't interfere with my ability to do cardio anything like that so I think it's because it was just a really tiny dose was all I needed so you know I mean if you did go that route and use a calcium channel blocker maybe as doctor had him on such a small dose that it wouldn't matter anyway so if you didn't like what you were getting you know you would know right you would know you'd be like man it's just isn't the same anymore it's not as if you would go on with life and not realize it and just not make gains you would be able to tell in the gym you know right yeah that's that's the right that's a very good point is that he's wondering if like maybe there's going to be something invisible impact on his gain he's not aware of right no this is going to be able to know yeah he'd be able to like you know I just can't push it in the gym way I like to be able to so you know the only way to know is to give it a shot and then go back and see his doctor again hopefully that's a possibility there's some countries some medical systems we're like getting you see your doctors like an active congress it's very very hard and to get and then hopefully you get all done with one one shot because the next appointment is going to be six months later hopefully not in situations like that but yeah good luck man let if you do find another route get back to us let us know and that way we can we can spread the information for similar people people who maybe in similar circumstances to yours I also want to mention guys that you know some of the stuff we talked about a lot of the stuff you can you can find in be your own bodybuilding coach Scott's book by the way good you're good Jeremy Jason competed this weekend he did his warm-up show and he looked fantastic did he okay because why he wasn't going to do it for a while but then did they find another location or something yeah yeah so I feel like I gave him a nudge because he was getting ready for a natural contest here in Michigan he looked incredible looks incredible the show got postponed from you know we're recording this in April got postponed to June and then they said they weren't going to have the pro card in it anymore so he was going to compete this weekend and I had said hey man you know although you can't compete at that show there is an MPC show so we jumped in that and he got to do this test run he looked fantastic and he's planning on doing a show I believe it's in eight weeks from now maybe less no it's in May so it's coming up and that will be in Chicago he is going to be able to still compete for his natural pro card so and he did his own diet he did his own diet he followed be your own bodybuilding coach Scott's book for the basically the whole thing all the way through including the way he did his test carb up you know his test peak week and now his peak weekend and I'll tell you what man he nailed it he maybe could have been just a tiny bit fuller I think but it was the so marginal that he was at that like 97% point I would say where maybe you could have gotten to a hundred if you tried a little harder or maybe he could have messed it up so it's like it really was that and I would call that perfect you know and I mean I would call hitting 97 to 98 99 all if you can hit that every time you're better off than hitting go shooting for 100% and then spilling you know so it was a if you're in great shape like he is glutes are in low back looks crispy everything looked really good on him so congratulations to his package using the book go to bbiobcote.com you can also go to amazon get the hard cover like I have and of course check out our sponsor true nutrition dot com user code advice is get a nifty shaker cup like I have used their stuff and you could support the programming that way as well as patreon and of course check out scouts training plan fortitude training dot net scott happy 100 second episode man yeah this was fun we have people digging these me too we can do maybe short and but it takes a lot to put all this together it takes a lot to listen honestly like it I honestly man like three quarters of the way through my brain was like I don't know if I can handle anymore so maybe shorter for you would be good I could digest it all you know yeah yeah my my brain like just each this shit up yeah go all day I would be happy but that's because I've been doing it for so long you know I developed a tolerance but if you have any questions maybe next time we can even do the next we have some questions I think you compiled but yeah if people have any questions on these first three so if you haven't done any you know post show Q and A really at all except for questioning and there we can do that and I can you know we can pull up the slides whatever to help clarify anything people could use by I love that idea so guys basically that said comment with your questions and we will tackle them for another episode of also mine's we've got Stevenson I've got Mcnaley we'll see you soon thanks got I'll use