The way I look at drugs is, it's how I teach it on the courses, well, is that each individual drug has a set of effects. Some of those effects we want, some of those effects we don't want, and that's our tool chest. Yeah. Now, we can use those tools to create growth and strength in any situation, but some are better suited for other things. In the same way, I can hear a nail into a wall with a heavy screwdriver using a handle, but I'm going to be much more efficient by doing it with a hammer, and it's probably going to require much less hits, and I'm less likely to hear the wall. So, old tools will do the job of helping you get stronger and bigger, but some are better suited to certain tasks. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossley and I'm Scott McNalley and all of our programming is brought to you by evelblutanalsist.com. Get your lab worked done by Dave if you're in the UK. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition. Go to StromSports.com. If you're in the UK, you're going to need some great health supplements. If you're on cycle, go to Strom and get those. We're brought to you by TruNutrition.com. In the US, check out their cookie butter flavor. You can buy evenly, just to pound a protein at a time. You want to try different flavors. Use our code, think over there, and supplement source.ca for our Canadians. Guys, they have great deals that change week to week. Dave, we've got a fun topic today. Oh, and Patreon, of course Patreon, because you guys are freaking dependable on like you two revenue. We've got a fun topic today. We also had a little bit of feedback from the last show. Whoa, whoa. You missed the most important thing. You're new app, better you. No, dot com dot Dave dot what? Roger Fund. Oh, yes. So guys, I told Dave, Dave got another super chat for. So here's the thing, I am literally sitting here editing podcasts all day every day. I'm recording the stuff I'm editing it, and I get no super chats. Dave says, I want a pro charger, and now he's got like $26, I think. I'll tie all the other, which I have to pay taxes on, because that goes to my counting US taxes, and we're going to figure it out, but one way or another, Dave's going to get his only a number eight thousand to go. You can make this man's life complete by buying him a pro charger, super charger, turbo charger, pro. Okay, thank you. So we do have some fun stuff. We appreciate everybody who's watching. You guys are freaking awesome. We've been in a lot of really great comments a lot of feedback. We've kind of had a couple of shows to do really well, which is also brought in a whole new element of people that don't use gear in one of chastise us for it. That's a lot of fun. I always heart those comments. A lot of times I don't say anything, but I say, hey, here's a heart for you. Love you, buddy. So I'm not going to use gear. You guys are dumb. Why would you guys do that? Would you do if you couldn't use gear, you're going to crawl into a whole new cry? Look, yeah, I didn't even care. Yeah, yeah, we're going to do that. Which might happen. So by the way, topic of the day, Dave is perfect pairs. You know, outside of testosterone. Who beats? We're going to talk about. Boobies, boobies are perfect pairs. Perfect pairs of compounds to combine together. But before we do, I didn't want to mention to you. There was some interesting feedback that was legit. I've heard a lot of people. So we did the show saying, hey, our tariffs going to affect the UGL market. And lats from professional muscle who has a lot of good inside information did have something to say. What did you say here? Because here's a thing, man. I didn't want to title the show like fear mongering. I didn't want to scare people. Do you know what I mean? So I said, you know, will tariff, trying to tariff destroy the UGL market. And then I put not likely. And I did that to be careful to not scare people. Yeah, excuse me. Boobie. Me, my girls are teething. Dids? Right, there's a sin. The fact that you have to be careful that you don't scare people by potentially suggesting the legal drugs supply may be limited. You know, maybe they're right, maybe I'll, I'll fix. Well, here's the thing. I, and I mentioned this to people last week too. I don't want to come off like, so here's the thing. I saw a source posting this there. Like we all know that pre-mose unavailable and master around his next. The UGL market is in bad shape and we are heading into rough times. But thankfully, we prepared for this and we have plenty of gear. So you can stock up now while the supplies last. So I do think that people are trying to make a bit of money off of it. That said, I can't see if you get a clear answer as to what's going on. It's all over the place. You speak to one person. It's this. You speak to another person. It's not. Yeah. The little thing to me, any real, so a defined, this is what we do it. Yeah, and so LATS says, I will say that the large influx of fake raws coming out of China in the last couple of months, I'd be waiting to see if this calms down. The price increases. Our legitimate raw powders are raw powder producers for pre-mode mass is ridiculous. And nothing more than price gouging. Nothing to do with the crackdown. So he does throw that out there. So there are changes right now as far as the powder goes. Yeah, well, they're industrious little focus. Yeah, I'm not surprised. It's a kid at up a tube. It's it. Right, oh, what do you wear? They can. Okay, why don't? Yeah. Yeah. All right, so perfect pairs. Where do you want to start with this? Well, I just want to say, see, as you can't buy pre-mode mass drawn anymore, you have spare money now so you can contribute to a project out of fund and make a fat-old Englishman very happy. I've told you, boobies. If we're talking about pairs, boobies. Yeah, okay. So beyond that, let's talk bodybuilding, let's talk. Big boobies. For instance, hands in. And then boobies. Do do do do pairs. I think, I mean, obviously your greatest pairing compound is going to be test. Yeah, let's go beyond test about that. Well, if I'm just saying, you know, test test is going to be paired with pretty much every drug anyway. Yeah. There are occasions where you wouldn't, um, like just how you can potentially run DHT's only and something like that, but so, it's not that common so pairs. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That we're going to do pairs. Or are we going to do groupings? It doesn't perfect groupings doesn't sound like a very good YouTube title. It's not cutting up at my point. Yeah, so if you're saying that we're going to say test is a given. Yeah. How are we just pairing stuff to test? Or are we pairing the other known pound? We're pairing two compounds together with test. Well, I'm just going to go all school test tech at, but if you want it to make a groupings, go test the correct way. So we'd call, then we would call, uh, axiomethylone and nanderlone with the perfect pair. That's, that's where our logic is going to go with this. Right, that's why I was trying to clarify and you were making it extremely difficult to get that. Ha ha. All right. Now that we understand, so like a, uh, Klan N T 3, there's a perfect pair. I think those two together. Hmm, those two. There's a good. Okay. All. Klan N T 5. You know when you say that, we're going to have 10 comments. How it's going to be, oh, it's going to be, oh, it's going to be, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, they're going to say, what's T 5? F, F, the dream, guffing, and uspring. Okay, so the ECA ECA stack. Yes, T 5. With with what? Klan. With Klan, both of those together. Well, all right, it's a bit hard to meet. I get that book. Using a thermogenic, this is going to increase caloric burn and then using a compounder, helps release an increased fat metabolism is a good pairing. Now, whether you use Klan N T 5 or you use something like, oh, currently N T 5, but anything that's going to make fat, more bioavailable for the bodies to use under thermogenic is going to be a good pairing because one thing's metabolizing fat, the other things increase in caloric burn. Okay, so for instance, then something to burn fat like you said, with alkalinity. It can be a good one. Yeah, so I think any compound that metabolizes fat or makes fat more bioavailable for the body to use. Yeah. And then any compound that increases caloric burn usually a thermogenic, but not necessarily I mean T 3 is a supposed really T 3 is a bit of both in it. Yeah. So GH, GH is going to help with fat metabolism. That with a thermogenic or anything that increases caloric burn and you've got a nice fat loss combination. Yeah, I like that or how I, you know, where I thought you were going to go different direction, GH and insulin. On a different, different reason, but yes, yeah, offset your blood sugar with the insulin from your IGH use. I like that one. Going back to our start, the anoddrawal and deca, what would be your, and I agree with you, you know, and that's going to be like, those are like two real heavy hitters for water and for mass. Like that's a mass stack. There's of course we always assume test is in there too. Most likely at some point at some level, what would be in your opinion the benefits of combining those two? So for me personally, I mean, I know we have to just in light compounds there, but that's not really shouldn't, and it isn't really an issue in most people. Decor is a very good anabolic. So it's not so much on the heavy androgen side, though it is using strength gain. It is a very good mass building compound. One of its primary uses was for combat in muscle waste disease and for you orders like aase and stuff like that. And oxy is a very good strength and creaser. Yes. So you have this combination of a boost in the gym using poundages, way above what you would normally use, and then this heavy anabolic and coming from the decker, which is going to really help process recovery from that extra poundage that you're pushing. You go with that. Yeah. It's like if you put training in the mix, I mean there's other issues to trend that make it harsh in other areas, but again we've got a big strength increase in compound. Yeah. So you stick that with a good anabolic compound. Usually it's just test, but you could go test a mast. Yeah. And then you've got good anabolic and support the recovery from the increased workload you're getting out of the trend boost in your strength. Man I got really strong the first time I ran trend and it was kind of semi-off seasonish. Like I was dieting but I was still getting strong and I was able to keep the food high enough that I was great man and I combined that with people. It was test trend in deba. Oh my god man I still remember setting up to do some dumbbell rows and you know that feeling where you just like you grab onto the dumbbell and you pull the first rep and you just like rip it. There's like no resistance to it. I was like oh yeah we're on to something here you know that strength along with eating enough you can grow some muscle little question. I I remember my first exploit into woxies and squat and it was it was like a plate a week was going up you know how big it is. It's very sluggish. It's saying strength increases out of it the first ever use the yeah but yeah so yeah you know I like the pairing of what we were traditionally say was a high-end region as for something it's very strength focused with a good solid on a ballad to back up recovery. If you have I don't like combining 200g so for the simple reason that is just a sheet load of stress and not really the recovery aspect. I mean if you look at decker from a bloods value we know that high long dose expo so high those long exposure to decker is not particularly healthy for the heart shall we say but from other factors it's actually quite minimally impacting on blood values and blood pressure and everything else each not a particularly stressful drug in every of the way. Yeah when you look at trainers to fly out it's very stressful drug so I don't like pairing two stress makers together. Yeah yeah in the sides from trend like if you're getting if you're taking enough that you're getting insomnia like you know that's that's not going to help your gains either. No yeah it's everything it's the way I look at drugs is and it's how I teach it on the course as well is that each individual drug has a set of effects. Some of those effects we want some of those effects we don't want and that's our tool chest. Yeah now we can use those tools to create growth and strength in any situation but some are better suited for other things in the same way I can hit a hammer and nail into a wall with a heavy screwdriver using the handle. Yeah but I'm going to be much more efficient by doing it with a hammer and it's probably going to require much less hits and I'm less likely to hit the wall. Yeah so all tools will do the job of helping you get stronger and bigger but some are better suited to certain tasks. I mean you can die into a show on test and decker but the issues in management and product management is probably going to be a bit of a twat. So again it's about once you pick the right tools then once you've got that list of tools I drugs for the purpose you're trying to achieve the goal you're trying to achieve then you factor in personal sensitivity which may remove certain drugs. Yeah you never factor in blood work and health position which may remove certain drugs and then watch your left with is what you can play with. Yeah I really like the combo of EQ and NPP and I've talked about that before because I always felt that EQ showed me its results later in the cycle if I were running a longer or like 16 weeks cycle but that NPP would be much faster so that we you know along with the test of course test in that NPP were you know week two three four I felt like I was already getting something good out of it you know and then maybe I even drop that out a little bit later and end up just on the test in EQ but I do find that to be a great combo and that was one of my favorites for growth. What am I favorites and is probably to get a really pissed people off was actually combining decker and NPP together. You mentioned that before and I can kind of see it man because it's kind of like the sus you know it's almost like a sustenant of nanderloads you know what I mean because you're getting the fast acting you're getting the long acting. I really like it. Yeah especially I guess you'd have to would you I mean for anybody at home who was thinking oh I want to try this I would at least consider my total dosing I wouldn't look you know what I mean I'd maybe use half of each or how would you compose that. Yeah so I would personally start with testing decker. Obviously slightly lower than where you're going to be with peak dosing and then I would use I like to have incremental cycles so I like to go up a week usually week for and week seven but it varies depending on the person. Yeah so I would I would start with testing decker and then I would probably bring NPP in about week six week seven. Okay and that's that sort of last period would be let's say I was one into do a cycle or I would normally do a cycle of say one gram total. I would probably start at 600 for half of the cycle but push to 1200 for the other half of the cycle. Okay so my peak slightly higher but my exposure to it is less and I find that that's more beneficial than a longer exposure to a what on average would be a higher dose. Yeah yeah okay I think we're digging into some good stuff here I'm trying to think of one more finisher something that we I mean there's the classics right like test decker deep all the decker deep all or test with trend in mass which I think you did kind of mention and and I think that that's testing trend in mass is kind of the the bread and butter of contest prep that I think if you go to most national level shows you have to take a little show master and pre-mo now we've got I don't really understand personally well not anymore well now just I don't see the point in it I'd even run one of the over a powerful budget I can see the budget driven of it that you want to run complete pool pre-mo and you can't afford it's a master's a you know a cheap version a cheaper alternative should have said not version it is different but a cheap one. I do feel like they're more similar than different though yeah like there's some redundancy in there I try to look at like well are we getting redundant you know versus it's a measure is something we said like adding windstroll on top of mass at the end of a prep they're you're going to get something different out of that that's for sure you know that's actually not a bad little combo for the last couple of weeks oh yeah yeah yeah you know you want to you want to all again I mean on the harshest side but the trend and hey low for the last week is so is quite a hard one yeah yeah not a long term thing like you said last week or so yeah yeah yeah all right I hope we gave people some ideas and I'd be curious to hear if they have their own perfect pairs that they can share with us that would be fun to hear what? oh yes okay guys I gotta take a break to do the whole like share subscribe thing but I also want to say thank you to you the internet's kind of a weird place in case you didn't know and I am glad that we've put the community together that we have I'm grateful to read your comments in fact I know a lot of youtubers that don't read comments I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody so if you comment I will see it and I'll try to get back to you also the like button is absolutely free of charge you don't have to pay anything to hit it and it does help us out of ton it's not gonna like push us into your algorithm but it will help other people to hopefully find the show so if you like our stuff please try to help us out yeah that's it um you know what somebody made a really good point last week you know how you said have our expectations changed about cycles we had somebody who commented saying I think that people's goals have changed that we don't have as many people that are trying to become you know 300 pound monsters anymore you know people who are like oh Nick Walker that's too much I don't want to look like that that's not attractive you know name man thing is I think for Nick to be fair on Nick I think the big East off point about Nick's physique is actually his valicus fans yeah that's yeah that's a whole other kind of but I yeah but I think is is physique wouldn't look as on appealing if you didn't have the vascularity that you have okay let's say this I don't want to be big rami or you know in any of these guys uh crazy you know that you know that those looks are not what people want now people want or I mean the bomb stud you know which is not that it's achievable but they look more achievable to say to be fair there isn't many people going to be achieving the look of Nick Walker or big rami anyway so yeah I don't think people realize what level of evegenectics or dedication that sort of size text yeah it is something else but anyway yeah I think there's definitely something there I think without trying to sound like it was better in my day bullshit which is not that's all my thought process but I think the use of spectrum has changed significantly it was very niche very cliche very small underground fraternity 30 years ago yeah you know you were oddballs whereas now Jim culture and Jim life and even unobolic usage is much more commonplace you know I mean guys just didn't use gear unless they were seriously into compete you know training at a very high level where it is now gear is a accessory to get to go on holiday yeah yeah so I think there is an element to yeah just like it's a more accepted thing and another guy said guys nowadays want to stay on year round and they can't run those high doses year round in state as you know quote unquote healthy so they want to see what can they get away with for longer you know and I think there might be some truth to that as well I'm not there I don't know where we are with the the overall dosing sort of trend there's definitely a lot of talk of running lower doses and being more responsible but whether that's actually planning out into reality and people's usage not to sure I it depends I think on the group you're in you know we're talking about our YouTube listeners I think there's a vast now are a lot of people at least who are tier type guys but they're like I want to do a little more than this and I want to stay well that's what I think it's definitely happened is I think the TNT's come up emerged into what would have been a cycle yes and the cycles may have come down and we now have this big messy muddy pool of is it TNT's it's cycle there's not really a clear court for most people anymore yeah all right so we got a bunch of little extra questions you guys are welcome to comment with your questions get them on the next show if we don't get to your question and please post it again we try to get to everything but of course we can only do so many in one episode one of the common questions we get asked about you guys is what would you do differently with your body building if you could go back in time given all the experience and education I have today there's a number of things that I would have done differently one of them is that I would have started using college and sooner college it is one of the few supplements will actually rebuild connective tissue it took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program I used true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef college in I get the unflavered version I pay for it myself just like you guys do I use 20 grams a day makes it into my coffee it's totally unflavered you don't even taste it plus I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin. creatin has been shown to improve brain health especially for the aging brain I need that and of course you know we've always known about the muscle building effects so this is my morning routine every day and I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. use our code thank for savings plus it's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard otherwise they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app. and not too much. all right thoughts on 500 milligrams a weekly test sip decka for 100 weekly for 12 weeks 8 to 12 weeks and then add trend at 200 bringing the decka down to 200 tests thing at 500 for the next six to eight weeks and wind stroke for the last three to four. he's 225 at 10 percent. so that's what 18 weeks total. six to eight weeks after eight to 12 so possibly up to up to 20. top. in my opinion that's a bit low. okay. it's a bit too bad in trend in at the end. I'd be wanting to reduce it. yeah 16 total. 14. yeah okay. there he goes. Dave is a great guy in great banter. he was huge back in the day and I like to think that he was the UK's Godzilla that the queen kept in a secret base to be released against the empire's enemies as he walks across the English channel roaring from his cycle and popping some halo. he made rich piano look small. popping oxies not yellow. yeah get it right. yeah come on now. loud me cage every now and again. hey it's a cd. that's a very long time ago. when you were locked in a cage and not even long it's a tiger. no I mean when I was big that that that was it actually feels like another lifetime I was. does it really? yeah. almost it been for 13 years. okay. 10. 10 since it stopped having can't be far off that. when did we do the 31st podcast go? like 2017. not this as in our very 16. when you interviewed me about under construction. 16. not so it's nine years anyway yeah. yeah. oh my god you were taking a lot of gear. you're like oh yeah I'm taking 20 at that interview you're like yep I'm taking 24 25 for Armour Growth a day and it makes me really tired. that's the main thing I noticed. geez. there's people who are doing that again. no no. Chase Irons has run some pretty high GH doses. he's blowing up with it too you know. yeah it's it's not the blowing up it's the fact that he doesn't stay when the when the GH goes. yeah uh did bodybuilding prep bloods looked okay after and progress in motivation was great so rather than tnt trt I went down to 700 test 300 mast added 75 decka for joints. been doing great got about six weeks until holiday before I'd plan to de-load and relax. question is when I come back I really want to blast my socks off for six weeks and for the fun of it just before a three-month health phase. thoughts on a thousand fifty testes 600 EQ 400 mast 300 trend E 50 anodero 15 yk 11. so he's going to combine anodero and yk 11. yeah I don't know about all this. what would you change or would you suggest to totally different cycle just interested in what you think so he's he's kind of like I want to do something really extreme guys. I would suggest not doing a cycle at all and having some time off because I think it all faces over jupers and he but made each of the room. I don't see that cycle being injured without problems particularly off the back of already being on for what 20 odd weeks. yeah he didn't say I guess. he's done a cycle then he carried on into it so he did a cycle then drop down to a gram. it was a prep cycle. yeah then drop down to a gram and then he's going to go straight into it. no. yeah. take a break. basically. that would be my opinion would be to take a break. I mean the end of the day is your life you do what you want with it just just accept the consequences of things don't work out how you expect them to but I would be starting to get concerned about the length of exposure to high doses. yeah if you came in super fresh yeah you could potentially get away with four to six months of taking the piss but then you get a need an extended period of time away and the issue then is actually coping with that mentally because when you've been on high dose for so long these are difficult adjustment mentally to come back down particularly when you go and come back down into property RTO which I don't offer about it and I'm maybe doing them in a misjustice here but I wouldn't surprise me if he's TIT's significantly above what would be classes natural wages. yeah so I'd just to be concerned about total exposure and overload and overall stress is in top scene. I mean he had some blood work posts come without knowing what those blood figures were. It's very difficult to give any favor opinion as to whether I think the risk is worth the reward but I do think we start pushing to a risky situation with the plan blast. yeah yeah especially the dosing is basically a little over a gram a test then a gram combined of EQ and mast then 300 trend E 50 anoddrawal workout days in 15 YK 11 daily I'm a bit confused on the YK it's a bit like ordering two big marks and two super shakes and then saying you got an adiacoke because you're watching me show you you know it's a don't see the point in point in the YK. yeah yeah I've seen the results I've seen with YK's to me at least seem similar to that of anoddrawal. I feel like I'm just kind of like ordering a big back into big back. yeah I just I don't see I don't see with that level of exposure I mean we took it to an off-gram. I don't see YK three in a drop in the ocean now you know I mean I don't think you're gonna perceive any changes or difference we're gonna say YK. yeah all right um let's see here another banger do you guys think there is too much information out there not making do you think there's too much information out there making training over complicated push-fold legs and lift big our weights used to be all that we were told I don't know man I get it yeah I do think there is yes but I do think there's benefits too you know what I mean I'm with you on that I mean I do think things are over thought this phrase is that I have a very strong dislike too one has the initials of R I R you know like R R huh no and the other one has the initials ppl you don't like push-fold legs you don't push-fold legs and all show me a muscle that pushes and pushing with my chest I'll push-o show me a muscle that pushes I my chest I'm going to pull you across every muscle I post every muscle pulls the peck souls the upper arm I think it I think it the peck pulls push-o show me no no no no no so extends power by expanding and you know that's a stop being you're not even trapped here it's 18 twice no no I'm for real I'm trying to think I think you're here's the thing though so what do you call it then pull pull it you know when you bench fresh yes the action of pushing the bar if you chest but from a most good point of view the peck is pulling the upper arm across so I don't like the this may sound a bit nerdy but I don't like the fact of what saying pull does in the way of how it plants an image in your mind because I'm very much into thinking how the muscle moves and muscles don't pull but they pull objects muscle so cut push sorry they get the push-o show I can push objects with my muscles has tanya says the limb push is Scott but the muscle cut push thank you tanya sorry you have to endure this idiot but he's all I've got but yeah so I think I think there is obviously more to training than you know lift every weight grunt grunt yeah smash smash and I think training can be quite technical but I think there's also this massive danger of disdainting up your own asshole with the technicality and and though I am a massive advocate of correcting engagement proper form once you've achieved that I'm a massive I've got to push them walking in weight as well yeah I think that maybe that gets a little lost in the technique I feel like we talk about that kind of stuff like all all of the older guys talk about that I just want to be careful to not discredit or be little the idea because there is so much and I have learned a lot you know what I mean by oh no I mean at the new stuff yeah no I'm a big technicality found yeah but not at the expensive effort and I think that's where it gets a bit I do not understand reps and reserve because how do you know how many reps you've got yeah you you have to have a lot of experience understood oh you can have a real fight yeah yeah but you know you don't know because on any given day you'll perform as particularly with a lesser weight can confound you buy a couple of reps absolutely so I'm not a big fan of this reps in river I'm not a big fan of holding back but I am a fan of listening to what your body's telling you push to the greatest of your capability and good form of control ensure that you're not removing the stimulus from the target muscles so you're not just moving weight you're actually exercising the muscle you're trying to exercise yeah and and if you know if recovery is compromised in fine take a day off yeah I don't like scheduled days off in the sense of oh I'm doing a d-load week why just for the sake of yeah it's on my plan if you need it yeah but if you don't need it look let down crack on yeah so stuff like that that irritates me about the new the new school sort of approach but yeah I mean you know I mean it's like philosophy I think he had a lot of very good quality information when it came to his training techniques but I think he just took it too far and and lost the sort of you know at the end of the day we need to be making an effort and pushing as hard as we come to stimulate further adoption which is growth yeah yeah and we have talked a lot about the reps about like the reps are reserve technique and I've come around to it a good deal but my caveat is is that you really do have to spend years in the gym understanding what reps in reserve are and it might not be perfect like but I can get pretty close if I'm doing two reps in reserve I know when I'm I've got like one or two reps left in me because it's a real that's the thing is that a lot of these people that are adopting it without having had a look a solid background in training haven't gone to failure for a decade straight so they don't know they have no idea so yeah I do think there is that's the unfortunate trap is there's a high potential for you know guys to do five reps in reserve seven reps in reserve and not realize it but if you'd been say like Paul Barnett he was a DC training guy earlier on and so he did a lot of DC he knows what failure is and he might not be getting it perfect but he's also now a guy who's older he's able to train without destroying himself every time that he trains and he's then able to get back in and do it again but when I see him train man his his train because I've watched him and his stuff it's very hard like it could be he can misconstrued his failure if it was somebody else that sat you know what I mean I get that it's yeah it I mean I've deliberately obviously I'm being a bit of an awkward twerver but it does it retain some of the crap that you see yeah that and the people who they make reaction posts to Ron was telling me about one the other day where it was Jeff Neppard and Mike Israttel were arguing or debating over like whether he had more reps in reserve or something like that and whether he should have gone to failure and what failure is or something and this person who was like had no muscle at all was like you know is it Mike right or is Jeff right or see none of that neither of them are right they both couldn't be more wrong the truth is that blah blah blah blah and the science says this and that it's like it's somebody who's nobody like literally a nobody well my old argument is he if what you're saying is correct then why isn't it develop your yeah and I know that's a bit yeah I get that but you know at the end of the day the guys that have developed for Ziggs all tend to say similar things that's a good point is the guys that haven't developed it to me they come out with all this fucking woo our technical ballokes and it's like sometimes you just need to lift it away mate ask Cuba what it peaks he's grown a lot of muscle dude yeah as he's Cuba's got very technical but he also he's he's put some good solid timber and he's stay strong he was very strong you know in Muslim good timber mate it does um oh that's what you meant when you said some good timber I thought you meant like he got bigger like his muscles got bigger you that was a British term for he moves a lot of weight I understand now I literally didn't get that at first I really didn't welcome to the buys go um all right can we talk about movies now so how about some info on how to say be on T RT and do a cycle with something else but also how to properly cruise back just test with just test to keep the gains I feel like you would take what you're taking your T RT and then you would add something to that and then you would stop adding something to that and you keep training hard and keep eating and doing the things that you did all right yeah I'm a bit yeah I'm a bit confused on the question because it's yeah I think it's uh I think it there's not really the only thing I would potentially add is that I would be tempted to possibly just when you stop the extra compound that you may stop the T RT for a couple of weeks just let you know what's come back down and then restart the T RT that would be my only addition to that but over the night it's not really any more complex than that you know you had just a second compound it or increase your primary compound yeah because you don't obviously ask the one it's like well and then and then lower your doses to continue on all right um Ben and T RT for three years seen some improvement in enjoy energy and lifestyle moved up the dose to 200 milligrams after two years then 250 milligrams didn't notice much spoke to the doctor and ended up at 300 milligrams after all the upping of the dose why would it be that I don't see a healing effect in the muscle and sore often I'm about 115 pounds scale of muscle I mean I'm about 115 pounds scale of muscle in 220 pounds um the canvines these you know anyways 220 um looking into your videos what's the connection of testosterone to muscle mass in milligrams I've only heard over the years that in the UK or Europe countries that it can be upwards to one milligram per pound so he's saying the bigger you are more test you yeah this is some of the the broadrick works on and it's something that I don't see translating but work hmm so try again and say I'm still a large individual okay it's a wrong type of large but I'm still a large individual and yeah I need 30 minimal doses of testosterone to get cord blood levels so my tatties 50 make twice a week okay um you know it's low as the particularly comparison to a lot of stuff stateside I would want to know where he's dosing supporting him on his testosterone levels because I don't think the issues is drugs yeah I think this is diet food because at the end of the day if he was eating enough food and it was eating the excess you would be gaining weight but it would just be fat so he's not gaining weight the simple fact is he's not eating enough or he's not eating the right stuff because it respective if you were in a calorie excess to gain size if you work building muscle for whatever reason you'd still gain weight you'd still gain but it would just be fat you'd be gaining not muscular tissue because any calorie exercise is going to increase your physical mass just with the correct training and the right selection and nutrition our mass increased tends to be muscle muscle rather than fat mass so the fact that he's gone up to 300 milligrams and he's still not getting anywhere just to me that the issue's food now it might be that he's not absorbing it correctly and he's not getting good nutrient transit because of poor absorption but there's something wrong with the food even in how much he's putting in his mouth what he's putting in his mouth or how well the body's utilizing the food yeah the gear allows you to better your life's food well at there is also you mentioned training I wonder what is training us like if he's sort like like you can't okay I'll put it this way can you do 500 sets of bench press on cycle and recover from that in one week you know like 500 sets through the week no of course you can't how about 400 no how about 300 sets there's so the number is going to be somewhere lower than that how many sets is he doing like what's his volume look like and is he getting enough intensity to generate muscle growth you know I would think yes look at the nutrition but also have a hard look at your training too because he should be able to recover naturally right you know and I mean from like now care how big he is if you should be able to recover from your workouts gear isn't going to magically just like make that happen so if you're doing too much you know it's not going to work for you you're not going to yeah I I generally find it hard to do too much though not impossible and more a case of just not consuming you know yeah I don't always I guess depends on the individual too because what if he's like a guy like me I was 1205 pounds when I started lifting seriously in my mid to late 20s you know I was never four years ago now it was it was actually let's see I was mid mid to late 20s yeah that was like 1990 yeah 85 to be exact yeah it was you 16 now yeah yeah yeah you know I mean though like there are guys out there that they struggle like you know they struggle to grow so do you have your struggle to grow Dave I didn't put it at the same time I didn't slacker you that yeah I lived and breathed training um I would literally go to bed on a night I'd meditate and then I would rehearse the next day's workout and I thought I what I mean rehearse I mean from the point of stepping into the gym I would run through my head sitting down getting a coffee drinking the coffee stepping up walking into the gym sitting on the bench doing my warm ups that then my next set then my and I'd run through the whole workout in my head in bed the night before yeah and he got to the point when I was starting to get pumped you know you'd got massive ones but I'd actually get a little bit of a bumping whenever mostly was I was that was concentrate you know yeah so I heavily invested in in the sort of mental aspect of training and pushing and going beyond what you thought you were capable of and I mean I had a very simple mantra was on those working sets if I got the rep and it didn't matter how hard that rep what how long it took me to get I did another or I attempted another even if I just lowered it or even if I lowered it and started pushing it didn't move I'd stay there and carry on pushing for a few seconds yeah but I had this just insect deep mantra of you know always one more always one more yeah this guy says thoughts on the doctor giving me 0.5 milliliters of test every 10 days so I'm guessing it's 100 every 10 days and they said well what are your test levels and he responded by saying but I feel lousy yeah but let's be in time I'm not I'm not saying in this this scenario because if it's a single ester then yeah you're gonna get quite a drop off after 10 days oh yeah so he's definitely not the the most ideal pro called so I fully agree that there's possibly much more efficient ways of running it but it might surprise people to know that when you feel crap and you have low tests that sometimes increasing that test doesn't make you feel amazing because there are some times over issues like stress what diet shit sleep yeah amazing drugs don't kill or everything it is pretty funky 100 that's less than you're taking right yeah that's uh that it's not just the dosing it's the the the timing between as well I mean that's quite if it was sourced I could sort of see some logic in it but if it's single ester I don't see the sense because you are literally gonna be let's say a hundred and more put you I so a hundred make put you out let's say 24 yeah by all things being equal you're gonna be 10 12 but at the time you go to your next injection that's UK talk guys so yeah it is yeah I speak English not American East we'll say you know put it at 600 7 600 and then it knocks you down by the time you take your next shot to three yeah so yeah he's not gonna feel great on that so I don't I don't get that dosing bro called first some doctors just aren't with it man I I had my doctor initially wanted me to do 100 every two weeks so you know that's and then it's just where she came from thankfully we're not on that program you know though we we we learned we got educated um most we have your deaf you got a couple more do you have some but you have some wisdom for the day for us too you say it's such a sarcastic way because you know I don't and it's just like you're so big you I'm gonna see you next Tuesday as far as somebody's out right yeah that was not that you made me chocolate that really didn't make me chocolate there were no reason for it as well don't decide why yeah I agree you know easily if you can only add one compound to test what would it be and I asked him I was like well what's your goal fat loss muscle gain and he said the goal would be to gain muscle more test more test yeah not blocked that no I didn't see that was two compounds I think was mass I would go dick every day yeah I know he's getting I know he gets a bit of hate now after the heart studies and I I understand that um and I don't want to check it too lightly in that sense but but yeah it's if you're talking about the pharmacology I was good I could every day but I also don't see any reason why you can't just run multi-test yeah it's a boring answer though you don't have me in like it but I agree I agree 100% I do it's very nice Dave removed this hot filter off is microphone which he's been going like this with all day the whole time he's like so what I would suggest doing is take 500 milligrams and take some time over your cycle see you next Tuesday that's our came from I probably did something like that probably yeah all right I don't think you to see you next Tuesdays go oh I thank you Dave I really appreciate that I think you're pregnant fish pregnant fish I don't know what that means twat oh thank you um all right I'm well wanting to compete women's physique currently I'm on my second cycle 10 milligrams of anava per day for 10 milligrams a day for 10 weeks I'm considering adding another compound to enhance my results what would be the compound to stack with anava for someone in my position I said to her you know we can talk about this my thought would be that if you're on your second cycle ever 10 milligrams of anava and you're already in it like 10 milligrams and ever 10 weeks is a pretty decent cycle for a second cycle and if she's getting some like I would say this focus on getting everything you can out of this cycle before because she's already started the plan you know what I mean I don't know how far but we'll say she's halfway in instead of adding something else doing something else like see what you can give this a fair shake first get everything you can out of it and then re-evaluate you might not even need to go up huh yeah I think I think people sometimes seem to be very opposed to running the same cycle again you're still growing yeah I guess still growing off the same site we we I don't know it's it's probably a bit of the mentality that takes you into the sport I suppose but we do tend to look to do more rather than you know we if we stay at the same dosing then it we almost view it as going backwards we're actually if it's creating results stay there get the most out of it for as long as you can because there is a point when you just can't go up at yeah another great show my question is is there anything you would do before during or after a long haul flight blood pressure lower doses cut HTH just take baby aspirin would love to know your thoughts obviously two concerns with flights are water retention from roses or blood clots and getting hot with gear and depending on where you going go we go and don't take your shops on the plane put them in the hold luggage to get rather funny if I needals in your carrier dude I did that on accident once I had a 3cc barrel with a 19 gauge on it and I went like traveling around and I headed in my carry on and I got to like a stop between and I'm like oh this has just been like in the front pocket you can just reach in and grab it nobody said anything yeah I flew and got to where it was going and was searching for some of it in my carry on I found needles found sorry found gear I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry but yeah so blood clots and water retention so I do think that potentially depend on a length of flight that it might be worth dropping the G8 for a few days prior just so you're not adding to that water retention issue aspirin 80 milligrams a day for a week time prior will you tell people do this before a flight no just don't you have somebody's particularly concerned okay no not it's almost people fly perfectly you know I would if you have if you're worried or you have issues these other things you can do to safeguard against it okay yeah so I'm gonna say I've never told any plenty of taking it no no no I generally speak it I don't I don't it's not a problem but if if somebody is it's like I get really bad water retention when I fly that's because of the kidneys but it is I mean I can put four inches on my waist from water okay so I have to do a directly protocol if I'm flying really um otherwise I'm the quiet uncomfortable with it to be fair and I watch what I eat and everything else as well around that same reason so yeah all depends on your experience in problems with it but most most people will be fine unless you're up or run a heavy you know heavy cycle or your carrying huge amounts amount I mean I would imagine like like when the world's strong man travel the war retention can be a bit of a problem for those guys yeah I've been tuned to Keelo that's a potential for a lot of water I've only ever worried with competitors competing and it's not like an excessive or dangerous just like hey it could change your look but I've never had a situation with anybody where it's been detrimental you know we we're aware you know but we and we usually just manipulate water a little bit you know everybody's bigger some people can drink water all the way through some people it's better to keep it lower you know I think for 99% of people travel is not going to be a problem yeah if you were doing a 15 hour flight or submit ridiculously long like that then I might be a little bit more right let's just do exercise I'd just just to play it safe because it's such a long flight yeah but for the most part I wouldn't be concerned but if if you work and send those other things I'd be looking up we did 15 hours to Korea and then one hour lay over or more hour and a half and then 10 hours to Australia so yeah I'd love to go to Australia but two things really put me off one is that flight and two is the amount of things that I can fucking kill you yeah yeah we made lots of there's lots of big bitey things even the platypus has poison cute when a baby's obviously in a baby while they're so cool man what they call now it's Daphth um I can't let the cold the baby's a cold something I know that platypus is not the that's what we're all yeah well we could yeah you'll be able to see the huggeys in the hug guy yeah they're beautiful they're majestic creatures they have been sending me like each week I get at least a couple of videos about different different species of haggus different you know types I hope we get to see at least a couple of those there's a couple of them I really have my heart sat on the snowball heat one is is quite cute yeah yeah I want to the one with a white one toft on his head yeah yeah can you you can cook them too all right mm yeah good good tender yeah it's spicy this spicy yeah more than like a peppery spice no on a like a courier spice you know last week when we talked about your uh your arms in the photo shop I went back and I grabbed the actual picture off of your Facebook so I was stalking your Facebook page and I posted that on the show next to the thumbnail that we use just to say hey here's the original picture um but doing that I went all the way back in your history like I went all the way back to your first pictures you ever posted some of your early pictures were of your monster truck that's what you're talking about you never told us I think you have told us about your your monster truck you told me about it guys did you know the Davies Devam monster truck and he took people for rising it I used to race it you raised it too hmm did you race the same one because you had like a monster blast yeah yeah so the when them the months there was a monster truck series it started in the UK it wasn't associated with monster jammer anything like they had high hopes it would be at some point but it was very grassroots and obviously running in a monster truck is incredibly expensive so I chose to it was an old school truck so it was not least from trucks so it was a very very old actually it was a Canadian truck original really yeah and we put seats in the back and made it into a bit of a hybrid you know race right trucks that way we could get a revenue off the truck when we went racing it in order to so it's a poor race it okay you guys hear by the way do you hear the the lambs I just there he was there he was it's amazing so yeah I used to take people to be a rides in it they would pay then would you drive over cars with it and stuff or what really that seems to be they've to sign a waiver for that I don't know we never bought that I feel like you need a good waiver for that now it is and we it to be fair we we probably were a bit closer to that we we I've had a grown man come off it cry all right any advice of the week for a stave I need a pee okay okay there's a pee does that mean there's a there's a there can be a man I have never podcasted with anybody where there's lambs bang in the background it's really warm in the moment so it's lovely yeah and advice advice advice advice I don't actually really how much for this week and I will very basic simple just look after yourselves and I know that sounds really sort of corny and obvious but in the sense of you know take some time out for yourself get a bit of quite time get a bit of you time look after yourself both not just physically but mentally and I think mentally is the one where the world struggles with the most pleased those I think generally as a populist our mental health is pretty crap yeah it's good take it and that's what's it's awful EW muscle fitness shadow to elixine Emily Emily's nice Alex is a see you next Tuesday so what you're gonna say I actually don't like that word it's funny because that's a very British word don't like it I've you've got to pee me off for me to use it properly I mean yeah you know a bit of fun to maybe but if you actually aim you say it with any sort of feeling you've proper peat me off yeah I've never heard you actually I know that you mentioned it it's not in your repertoire no I don't like the word yeah all right um some reason I don't know what I'm just yeah yeah here we can't say it we're not a lot technically like we're not a lot to say in the US I would have to get a lot of trouble you on the other hand you have the right like you're allowed to it's part of your culture yeah it's strangely is part of the standard British vocabulary yeah you know and and and even used as a compliment yes yeah um I um I um and if you wanted to hear the word used a lot I think um gang I don't know what was it um I'd tell you about it with a mobland I think I think it comes up a lot in that TV series oh it does yeah yeah we still have to we've got it at that in the queue we're gonna watch that one next I quite like it all right we've pretty good you guys tuned in thanks for being here go to evalblutanelsis.com get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK as well as strong sports go to strong sports dot com and you can get some great health and performance supplements over there great health stacks supplement source dot CA4 Canadians and of course true nutrition dot com guys next episode we're gonna knock out a bunch of patreon questions so be sure to comment with questions for us we're gonna be a fun show and of course uh better you dot what online better you letter you dot online to check out Dave's coaching app how much is that per month basically it's probably day pound a day so basically you can sign up for you know just this month even if you wanted to test it out so you think and you know if you make some progress then hey stick with it it's a lot cheaper than hiring one of us as a coach even then and each strong news open day on the third and may but obviously that alone you really relate to people in the live because I don't think the episode will be out it won't be well it won't be out it's a it'll be close but yeah anybody in live stream go out if you're in the UK how do what do you mean it's their their open day their their just so they've moved the moved units I don't think they've moved very far I think they've moved over the road okay but they're having an open day uh broad rigs doing a free seminar cool I think there's some like dead lifting workshops and MMA workshops because rigs right into his MMA um so yeah I think there's quite a few things going on are you gonna be there no no okay unfortunately I have over engagements that I had already committed to before he told me about fair enough guys for another episode of the podcast with Dave and me Scott we'll see you soon thank you guys thanks Dave yep no problem