What's up guys? We'll come back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coaches Skip Hill and your Barry myself, Scott McNally and all of our programming. It's brought to you by you, the people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support and thank you to everybody at home who is liking the shows and commenting and leave a question because you guys really do make this thing what it is. We're also brought to you by Trunutrition.com. Use our code, think over there for additional savings and remember shopping with them using our code. It's voting for us and it's getting you some high quality supplements too. It's a win, win, win and we're brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change from week to week short dated, close up product, stuff like that. Definitely check them out if you're in Canada. We've got a bunch of stuff. We've got the hardcore set of the week which you guys are the insane set of the week which you guys have been enjoying. We've got a bunch of entries for that. We're going to start out though with a opposing critique right injured. Yeah, and I'm sorry I can't remember his name. I put up my text message. Hold on. All right. And I'm going to just get the pictures rolling here. This is Jordan Gilmore and he posted it in our Facebook group and I think he looks great. He's doing a link if I'm not correctly as first show. I think he was natural until recently if I remember correctly from the post. But anyway, he put up like three or four shots. I'd love to see if he's listening front double bicep in the muscular, a rear double. Like your staple poses that we need to see. He looks like you can do either bodybuilding or classic. But I'll just start left to write on my screen. The side chest is a beautiful shot, great detail, good balance. I think if he just rotates a little bit more at the waist so we see a little bit more back shoulder. It's going to add a little bit more symmetry in depth to that shot. Because whether it's a front on shot or a side shot, it's all about wide to narrow. Meaning wide in the shoulders, narrow the waist. It's just that wacky look that we're going for. And I think if he just rotates a little bit more and maybe he needs to just push that right shoulder a little bit more and it'll make that backpick which already looks great. Kind of pumped up even more. I think that will complete the shot. How about you skip? What do you think? Yeah, I completely agree. Bring that half melon from the back around a little bit more. Yep. Moving on to a side try set. The only real thing I saw here was I think if he moves his left hand forward more onto his glue and closes that gap between his waist and the glue, it's going to look more like a wall of muscle. And then it's just going to add more to the symmetry. Again, great physique. You know, I got great dimensions. Muscles are developed nice, conditionally and excellent and he's still I think got four more weeks to go. But yeah, what do you think skip on that side try? Side try. I think it's always important and it's it's I don't say it's hard to tell. But you just want to smash lean towards smashing that arm against your side versus actually posing it. It'll make that doubt pop a little bit more. So he could arguably, he turns on flexibility too. But you got to be able to smash that arm. It's kind of like the front leg out from the side. You want to smash that hamstring to drop it versus it building, you know, being contracted. So yeah, there's a great drop. Contract the glue contract the calf, let the hamstring. Yep, that's great. All right, so the real, real last spread, Scott, can you center that a little bit more on that one? Because I put some notes on there. Yeah, there you're right there. Okay, so this shot, you know, whenever I teach this one, I always look at the feet first and look at this one. I like to see the heel of one foot and the toes of the other foot on the same line of plane, at least as a starting point. And I think it brings his left foot forward about was that four inches or so, three inches. And then puts it out like an inch or two and puts a little bit more weight over his left hip. It's going to bounce out his lower body. So it looks a little more symmetrical. And then looking at the upper body, I kind of go through these steps. Like hit your normal spread, after you got your feet set, hit your normal spread, do a slight crunch in the abs. And that's going to lower, round out the lower back a little bit to make the back straps, kind of hang a little more. And then very slightly drive your shoulders up and out. And keep in mind, this isn't a shrug, because a lot of times people misinterpret this and they kind of shrug up, which actually brings their shoulders in. And it makes their traps kind of flex, right? It's really just a subtle, I almost think of like when you're spreading seran wrap around something that is like a chicken breast or something like that. You just kind of spread it out a little bit more. And then lean back and finally just look up and arch the chest a little bit. And I think he's going to get himself like another two or three inches out of the width in the shot and really make the shot come to life even more. His condition is obviously excellent. Like glutes, trations already in, hamstrings are almost fully in. Lower back looks nice and detailed. And again, you know, maybe not again, but initially I should say the rear last spread is not necessarily a detail shot. It's a width shot. To make people try to contract and get every little detail muscle back there. And it makes them, it takes away from the overall look in the width that you could bring to that shot. You guys have something to add with that? Yeah, I think the only thing I would add is that there's one exception, I think, to that. And that is the glute and ham. Because there's not as much detail, the eyes of the judges, if you're looking for detail there, are going to go to that ham and the glute, you're not going to mis-the glute. So then I have to wonder, and this is just a cue that I use with my clients and myself is that back foot should be, and this is going to be hard to explain, but the pull should be that if his back foot or the slip that left heel would come up and kick his right glute, he should be pulling across the back of his body to help contract. And I'm not saying that he's not on saying is I can't see it because it's a picture, I'm not sure, that that cue is to pull the glute in the hamstring in to where if that back foot slip, that left heel would come up and kick his own hands in the right glute. I see. I got you. Okay. Yeah. I can see that. Yeah, I think if you're on that stance, you mentioned, you know, bring that foot in. It's a little bit too far out. I think that's a mistake sometimes that less experienced guys make where like if high green were to take a giant step back and be real dramatic or you know, any really big dude, it works for them, but when you don't have quite as much size, I think it ends up the further that your limbs get away from you than the smaller the more stretched out they appear. You know what I mean? Well, and you know, the guys in the 80s and 90s used to really take a deep step back. They sure did. Yeah. I remember earlier this week I was scrolling in Scram and there was a video of Milo Sarchev hitting a real last bread. Okay. And it was like, dude, he was almost like he was like trying to like, I don't know, but like four feet in between his back heel and his front heel and his toes, right? It was a really exaggerated step back. And I think, you know, with the development of posing coaches and really all of us really trying to focus on how to present your physique the best because so many good body builders out there with great genetics and great physique now, every little detail matters about how you present yourself. So, you know, if you're losing, you can pose your legs or your upper body to make it so you look five pounds bigger or you can pose them to make yourself look ten pounds lighter. And yeah. And I think that's what you're trying to, East Scott is that when you take that step back, you can make your legs look a lot stronger than they really are. Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, I think that big step back originated because if you go 10 years prior to that, and you go to the mid 80s, they weren't kicking that leg back much at all to the point where the glutes most times weren't even contracted. So I think that someone at some point realized, oh, man, if I get this foot back, so they went back essentially too far, that's good men started pulling it back in to find a happy medium after. You know, this brings up, this is a side topic. But the back in the, you know, the guys, the older guys today that were good pros in like the 90s or late 80s are always talking about, all these guys aren't bringing the conditioning today. And I got to say, like, look at a video. I'm like, I didn't see a lot of striated glutes on the guys until Ronnie really started bringing striated glutes as a consistent thing. You guys are not talking about? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And maybe they weren't flexing them because obviously flexing wasn't as big of a thing of the glutes as kind of the suits were a little bit bigger than covered more of the glutes, usually. But it wasn't like a standard that you had to have these fish gills and your glutes when you turned around from the back like it is today. Yeah. Rich Kasparay was really, I think the first and then, but not everybody was doing it just because Rich was doing it doesn't mean everybody else was. All right. Let's say a lot this last, this last post he's got here. What do you guys think of this one? I think he's just putting that front foot, foot, weight too far forward. I mean, is this even, is this an ab and thigh? Are you, no, this would be, this would be your side tricep like your secondary. This side tricep and I do want to point out the guys, the judges have said they want to see the traditional side tricep. I see you can, absolutely. You can move into this one if you want to. You see a lot of classic guys will do this as more of a classic shot. This guy's got a physique where he could do either bodybuilding or classic for sure. For sure. But, you know, don't make this your standard tricep shot. I would say your other tricep shot is better if you followed the cues that we've already given you and I would bring that left foot back towards the other foot like a good four five inches and see how that looks. Typically, this pose is essentially the second pose after the original side tricep. But he's kicking that leg I grease kicking the leg out too far what it's doing is it's ending out required way too much. If he were to keep it more under him, that vibe would look a lot thicker. Yep. Great physique. Center for Front Double, a rear double and a most muscular love to see those. Hey guys, so I'm seeing that like 35% of you are not subscribed to the channel, which on one hand is great. That means that YouTube is getting us in front of new people. On the other hand, that means that we might not see each other again if you don't hit the subscribe button. We have Sarbo Body Building Podcast each week. We've got a reaction videos. We're doing YouTube shorts. So let me encourage you right now to subscribe and hit the bell. And if you're enjoying this show, then please hit the like button and leave us a comment. So it is official after eating that super spicy food. My face is even rather than usual now. There's that. Take it away from Andrew's Black eye today. Alright, this is going to be a fun one for us. When's a good time to tell a girl that you're seeing that you take gear and that it's illegal. It'll be a good one. Yeah. I'd like your answer in Facebook. What was that again? What did he say? Wow. You're wrecking it. Oh, yeah. I did see that. That's right. You're like, this pump is for us. You're by trend. Yeah. I'm my advice. I don't know. First, I'm not. I would never tell anybody. Client or otherwise. To lie. But I might not give up the information too soon. And the part about it being illegal, there is no reason to bring that up unless you're asked. You know, in some of the comments on the topic were, were right out, you know, you don't want to give ammunition to someone you don't trust. Just like guys can be train wrecks. Women can be train wrecks. You don't want to hand them essentially load the magazine for them so that they have more ammo if things go south. It's just, it's, it's, it's, honestly, it's a tough one. But I will say this. I'm fortunate because I've been married for 33 years. And my wife is always supportive of anything that has ever come up in body building and she trusts my judgment. Not everybody is like that, not every relationship is like that. And I understand that. Now I don't know that tomorrow. Well, maybe not tomorrow because we don't have kids in the house anymore. We've gone back 10 years. It's great as my marriage has always been. If for some reason, we ran into divorce proceedings that she would not use that. And I don't know that she would use it in court or not to get the kids. There's just so many things that you're handing over. But if you're going to be in a relationship long term or you're going to be invested and you're going to be together, there has to, there has to be that support and understanding because, you know, I've had clients, I think we all do that. They keep their gear at their friend's house and everything. And I've always said this and I do believe this. If you're in a serious relationship, especially if you're married and you're keeping something like that, that is just, it's just a lie. It's a trust issue. And I just, I would never advocate to anyone that that's a good idea to keep something like that from your spouse. So it's a tough one. It's going to be different for everybody. I don't know that there's, in fact, I don't, I think there's not a black and white answer as to when you can give up that information. I wouldn't be giving up too soon. Yeah. I think we're in this culture where like people are like, well, you need to be open and honest and you know, that's not right. So if you should be open and accepting and, you know, but I'm with you, I've always said that you just want to be careful and guarded and be careful with who has that information and next though, I think had the best response in the Facebook group he said, just get big enough so it's not even a question. She just freaking knows. That's what, now you can always feel them out. You can always see, see, let's say you're out at dinner or something. You just find a guy who's kind of big and you go, you know, I wonder if that guy uses gear. Oh, oh, what's gear? Well, I just, you know, like steroids. I wonder if he, and then that kind of opens it up and maybe she'll be like, oh, yeah, that's losers. You can steroids or cheaters and then you're like, oh, shit, I got to get a new woman. I don't know what's going to work out or maybe it's how that big a deal. I don't know what's, you know, what's gear. I don't know much about it. Tell me about it. Then, you know, then you kind of have an opening there to kind of just feel them out. I would probably go that route to get an idea how they feel about it first. Yeah. I don't know. I'm, I'm trying to remember for me. I think if you present, if you present yourself as an intelligent, well thought, you know, serious person, and you say this is part of my lifestyle. This is what I do. You know, I'm not just an idiot throwing anything into my body. Like, I know what I'm doing. I think that goes a long way, you know, and let's just some of the wants control over you, which run for the hills. Yeah. I mean, you're just running for the hills. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, because it's not like you're like, so I've got this hair when habit and I've got it under control, you know, only go to I only do fentanyl a few times a week. You know what I'm saying? Like we're not talking about things that are completely alter your behavior. Like no one is robbing a bank and throwing their life on the line to go get a bottle of testosterone. But there's ironists. Some people don't know that. And maybe those are the worst stories. So that's, that's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Okay. So that's what I'm getting at is, but, you know, change in the image. I don't think we need to change the image today. It's 2025, but in 2000, because I think we all remember back then that this was more of a topic, I guess, on our minds when we were meeting people, meeting girls, right? Was, or maybe not used to it. Maybe fast forward, or, you know, rewind 10 more years before that when you're meeting your wife. I'd be in serious here that you had to, you're like, no, like, I'm a, I'm a competent, well, intelligent, well thought out person. And, and I need to change their persona of what a typical steroid user looks like. They're not some low-life criminal who goes around beating people up and beating women. And, and having quote unquote, void rage and all that kind of stuff, like, no, like, I go to work. I pay my taxes. I, you know, I do this. I do that. And if you're already that person, and you've demonstrated that to him. Yeah, we're, if you're already flying off the handle. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Because I know a buddy of mine who got married right after high school and he had to hide it. And this guy would leave it in his sneakers all the way inside of his gym bag, inside of his car every day. And what have to like, you know, somehow smuggle, he's always asked me for syringes. And I'd have to get bring him a few syringes so he could go into the gym at the private bathroom at the gym to go inject himself twice a week. And it was like a big thing to do. And then, oh, here's the syringes. Can you get rid of these formates? Like, what? Sure. You know what I mean? Like, so, so yeah, I, I think picking the right person is probably key here. One other thing is though, it's 20, 25, all girls are just in steroids now. It's like, yeah, everybody's in it. They're all taken as charity isn't it. She's on fire. I mean, now, and technically. Exactly. So she's like, yeah, I know pussy. Like, you want to inject me later? Yeah, it depends. Like, if you get involved with somebody from the gym and they're fit just, you know, they're in the community. You are in the community. Then there's a good chance they already have it figured out. Currently, taking an average of just over six I.U. Every day, growth hormone. And my IGF levels checked, got them checked. And I'm just at 80. I don't think it's fake because the place is really highly reviewed. I'm wondering if it's just because my all-sertive, all, excuse me, all-sertive kaleidos. I just ordered a certain GH test to see what it is. Anyone experience this in have any input. So yeah, he's on an 80 scale of 52 to 328. What do you say, Andrew? I think we didn't we talk about when your clients who was super, super high in an off season. Yeah, but that was from the GH and he was like 827 to where I went called Scott Stevens. And I was like, hey, you ever seen an IGF this high off? Like 10 units of growth. And then because we both were thinking the same thing of, well, does he have a tumor? Yeah, see if cancer. So obviously the move was the pull the GH, and then a month later go get his IGF test. And it tested right back at 271. So we knew immediately, it's the GH. He's a great responder in terms of IGF one. He was also well fed. But when I'm telling you that's funny. I thought that he was dieting later in the year and it was lower. I must have made it lower. You're right. You're right. Sorry. That's it again, like five months later when he was in a prep. It was like more like a 400, which is still a nice number, but it was an 820. So it was. Yeah. But the dieting because you brought up dieting, I would ask this guy, are you dieting really, really strictly because that will have an effect on your IGF one release. And in terms of the, you see, you know, any, like something like also of colitis, you can disrupt your, you can increase your pro and inflammatory cytokines, like interlookin, I think it's six or seven, if I'm not mistaken. And that can suppress IGF production in the liver. So, you know, he could be taking the GH, but the GH just isn't having response in his liver. I doubt that he's like severely malnourished, aside from maybe, you know, calories and dieting. I would also maybe wonder, does he, like, has he gotten his labs done, does he have liver disease? Because that can affect it. And as he taken any other medications, there's beyond antabolic PDs, you know, because those can have an effect as well. Trying to think if I'm forgetting anything. I think that's about it. You got anything skipped? Yeah, just begs the question whether systemic IGF, there's a lot we don't know. So, I think a lot of times we're making assumptions that, oh, you have to have high systemic levels of IGF. And if you do, then you're in this, you know, great situation for growth. When in reality, it comes down to those IGF levels in specific places, skeletal muscle, that sort. So, I don't know that we know enough to be able to make, and I say we just, in general, the, just, not just the industry, but just the science. I don't know that we know enough to be able to say that, oh, his IGF levels aren't high, so he's not benefiting from it. That's just, that's my take. I think there's more to it than that. Because I've had a couple of friends who have had problems with that, that they don't seem to respond from an IGF level, but they tend, they respond, if you took the IGF level out of it, they're convinced that they're responding. And I'm convinced from what I see that they're responding, and the symptoms that come along with using growth hormone, they're all there. Yeah, so I've been that way. Like I've never gotten crazy high readings, but even even at like, you know, six, seven units, but I definitely felt the growth have gotten everything I would have expected to from it, and this is, you know, various brands, but my readings have never been like, as impressive as I would have liked to see them. You know what I mean? Because you want to see that real high number when you're spending money on it. Sure, sure. Or when you're using servicetem or farm gray, yeah, yeah. And then the argument in the industry as well, it didn't change my IGF levels. I'm looking at it going, okay, and we're not smart enough to go maybe there's more to it than just this very blanket black and white. Oh, it has to do it only with the blood levels of IGF. No, there has to be so much more, and that's where I come back to the science and say, yes, we know a lot, but we know this much. So, you know, you say that about anything left in Grayland, all those things. We're learning more and more, but we don't understand the intricate and complex interaction of those hormones, let alone IGF or anything else. It's the tip of the iceberg right now. Andrew pulled some pictures for a shout out here for Brandon Weiss. These are some really nice shots, man. Yeah, there we go. Great condition, man. We have Brandon Weiss, by the way, that listen to the show. There's two of them. I thought so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is the, sorry, other Brandon. This is the Jack to Brandon Weiss. Sorry, other Brandon. Looks incredible, man. You said he's coached by Chris Tuddley. Yeah, coached by Tuddley. He won the Vancouver NPC show from last weekend, and obviously rightfully so, and actually the pictures cut off, looks like the guy that he'd be, I think in his class was also a pretty good body building. He's definitely better, but like he didn't have like an easy walkthrough. It looked like the guy that he'd be, at least on one of the sides of him, was a very complete bodybuilder as well. So, that's always nice when no one wants to win a show when there's like nobody in the show. Sure. You know, like that's, that's just not fun. So, it looks like he had some decent competition in excellent condition, but this is, honestly, this is part for the course of Chris, like he brings people in like this all the time. Yeah. And I mean, in fairness, it has to be some type of consolation too for the guy who took second, because he's really good. You go, yeah, I'm like, I thought that show was mine. Like, I couldn't have been any better, and then to go, well, at least I got, I like I got beat by someone who's legit, like that is conditioning. I'd rather lose and take a second to that than, you know, than any other way. I mean, I, I, I want a lot of super heavyweight classes, but then when you overall, to like a really good, like heavyweight usually, you know, I can remember, like 2017, 2018, and lost to other guys, they're going to nationals and end up getting their pro card, you know, that year, and people like, oh, how did you had him? You're bigger than him, and it's like, look guys, like, I could be very, very realistic and very objective and be like, no, I see he's just a little bit more complete. He's a little bit more rounder on taller and length, you're like, we both had great condition. And I think that's, that's part of being a good bodybuilder, I think, is being able to say like, yeah, like, I love my look, but that guy look better, like, I would have really formed to, you know, and not very many people are that honest, and really they're not in it and it's too bad, because I think that that's a very, very, you know, humility goes a long way. You know, in this, I get along with my clients that have that same attitude, like, I see it, like, I'm seeing the pictures you are, you know, when it's, it's always great when you have a client where you know after pre-judging, you could be completely honest with them, you're going to get second or you're going to get third. And they're like, like, except that, you know, it's like, when you think that they're on that level mentally and you're like, so I get you third right now, you know, we're just a little flat or the other guy's legs and his complete whatever it is, you know, and they're like, what do you mean? You don't have me in first, it's like, well, nobody has you in first, that's why you were in the third or second spot. You know what I mean? Like, this isn't like, there wasn't a six person split middle call out, like, there's a dead first and then you're on the other side of them. So it's like, I'm not different than the judges, I'm seeing why they're going the way they are and I'm trying to explain that to you. So, you know, we know we maybe want to work on something for the finals, maybe we look for a fuller look or maybe we've got to try to get a little bit drier, just so we know going into the next show what we got to do differently. But like you said, some people, they just say, they can't, they can't see that. No, I've had to say to clients before no one in this venue wants you to win more than I do. I'm your trainer. My name is on you. You think your mom wants you to win? Bitch, I want you to win more than your mom wants you to win, but you're not going through. It ain't looking like it right now. Like, great. All right. I like this one. That dude in the middle ain't no French Polynesian. If you straight up, add your Aboriginal tribe. I might know that guy. I might know that guy. Okay. Yeah. That's funny. What about got issues in Gird with, we talked a little bit about Melanatine too. Got issues, Gird stomach acid with Melanatine too. Two questions. Gird and other guy said he tend to get stomach acid. Is that common? And there was, I thought, another one. Oh yeah. Yeah. Somebody asked Skip about your history with Melanatine too. In the past, you talked about high hematocrit from it. So I figured I'd just kind of lump all three of those things into this one little mini topic here. Yeah. The high hematocrit is related. I haven't had the issues, but it is related to the older demographic. Much like typically the younger demographic doesn't have as much of an increase in hematocrit from, say, running a cycle or even running TRT. It just tends to the older you get the more prone. I think you are to running, you know, more viscous blood, thicker blood, more viscous blood, higher numbers. It's the same thing from what I've seen. The handful of people who have reached out to me have all been part of the older demographic that have had those higher numbers. It's not common, but it's not uncommon. It's there. It can happen. As far as Gird or, you know, heartburn, I've used Melanatine arguably more than, I don't know, maybe anybody. I'm not sure 2006 and I've been on it, you know, pretty much straight through. Have cancer screenings have, you know, the dermatologist type thing and, and we've had long conversations with them cancer specialists that specializing skin cancer and everything else. And they have agreed that the Melanatine is kind of a not a prevent not a protective like it's going to save you. But it does have those preventative measures because damage tends to happen to fair skin people don't when they burn and you're not as likely to burn. So it's not as much exposure to the sun that's damaging. It's the overexposure or the burn. As far as the heartburn, no, I've never had it. I've never once had it and I don't know or I can't think off the top of my head of any clients or friends who have said that they've had those issues. Not saying that they could have never brought it to me. Okay, I got it and I forgot about it because like I probably had a lot of factors going on, but I in the past when I used it and probably wrote it off as something else. But I remember using Melanatine getting stomach acid issues and you know, just wrote, you know, never thought about that. But then when I used it again this past year before the Olympia was using the nasal and I do one pump or two pumps a day. Very very small dose, but once again I started occasionally getting stomach acid. It'd be like, oh, this is not like me. I don't get this anymore and then I realized, oh yeah, I started in Melanatine again. And then I kind of synced it up or I wouldn't take it for a few days and no stomach issues. Take it for a few days and all of a sudden I'm getting that stomach acid again. So I don't know what that could be related to. I'm thinking it maybe it's kind of that like when you're not used to it, you know, how you can get there is that like nausea type feeling. There's I don't know what's causing that, but I think that's it's tied to that in some way. There's some sort of gut thing happening, you know. I have patiently waited to come and to make this kind of it. So you are a one or two pump kind of guy. I just want to go and hear myself saying it. And I do one pump or two pumps a day, one pump or two pumps, one pump. I heard myself saying I just patiently waited, which I don't normally do. It just waited to get that in there. The other thing is this specific to any symptoms with Melanatine usage. If you could take a low very low dose daily, any symptoms from flushing to feeling nauseous and all that is going to be minimized greatly with daily doses versus even something as simple as every other day. A lot of people will say, and sometimes it even happens to me, I don't feel daily doses. But if I go a week where I don't take it on vacation and then I come back the first dose, it kind of like, oh, yeah, I feel a little off for few minutes. Not really noticing, not flushing, not feeling nauseous, but you know, that warm feeling and just off for a few minutes. And then it goes back to normal. So I would say that if you're having issues with the third or the type of heartburn, are you taking a low dose daily or are you taking it, you know, like every third day or three times a week if you are take it daily. And it even take a little bit of benadural with it. Now that may not help with the girl it may may not. But being an histamine, it can help the nauseous feeling in, it can help that that flush face sort of feeling that most people get to. It'll help to minimize sides at least for the first week or so when you start taking. What sounds good? All right, question for the next blood spot and gear. Okay, after 15 week push phase, I want to do a mini cut and also a cruise to regain health markers before starting another push phase. Is it a bad idea to combine a mini cut and a cruise straight after my push phase, like risk of losing new muscle. How would you guys plan this example 15 weeks push then cruise plus mini cut then push phase or rather push mini cut while still blasting then going to the cruise phase for eight weeks to regain markers. Certainly depends on the situation and the athlete, but I think we've, we've all kind of said in the past that we probably don't want to pull drugs in a lot of food at the same time. Especially, you know, you just hopefully built some new tissue you want to cement it in, right, you don't want to pull a the anobox stimulus and b, you know, the building blocks for that stimulus right at the same time. So my move typically and not all the time, but typically would be like let's solidify and maintain current clock intake. And then maybe four weeks later start looking at poems and calories back, you know, the variable I usually pull when we pull gear back is training volume or training either volume or frequency. You know, if you're a five guy day, we'll probably go down to four days for three or four weeks just so your body can adjust to that lack of firepower that you, you were experiencing previously when you're on cycle. And then, and then we'll start working on, you know, the next phase of are we clean it up a little bit before we start the next blast perfect, you know, go like that. If it's diet changes, if if diet changes need to be made, I want to make them as subtle as possible. I don't want any aggressive moves, I don't want any big drops that sort of thing. And I agree with you as far as recovery, the first thing that's going to go any time that you lower calories or you come off gear transition off cycle is going to be recovery. That does not mean I think sometimes people get confused, they say, oh, you know, I probably shouldn't train as hard, you know, I got a back off load. You get to train your ass off, you just need a little extra recovery time, so adding a bear rest. It doesn't sound like much, but over four weeks that's four days. If you can cut back even, you know, a little bit on volume as well, start to taper it down a little bit cool. The thing is, as we tend to when it comes to volume, it comes to anything volume intensity or whatever. You tend to want to maintain that as much as we can and ride out of the cycle because a lot of times when you come out of the cycle transition to TRT phase, even if you don't, you just come off. There's still two, three, four weeks that you're going to continue to gain and you're not going to feel much different in the gym. So you want to ride it a little bit, but at the same time you want to be proactive and know that the recovery is, it's not going to be as optimal if you don't make any changes proactively coming out of the cycle. The first couple weeks, I'm probably going to ride it as far as the training, the training milieu or the training variables. And then I'm going to start to be proactive with that. How often do you guys get? So when you pull someone off the gear, they've been on an 18 or 20 weeks cycle and you keep the diet the same. And you may be recommend a chaos fullback. If you're going five days a week, let's pull back to four or maybe one day less out of two weeks in terms of training, something like that. And they're like, dude, I'm gaining even faster now. And they're like, I'm getting stronger. And I've said this before, but I think it's from your pulling some of the toxicity of your body. And I think that's a major factor, the stress, the information. I think those are all factors because sometimes people are like, like, because this hit a hit a, you know, nerve in my head when you said skip. Now, people are still improving like three, four weeks later after they drop back to TRT. And I think that's one of the factors is just reducing some of that toxicity on your body for a while. I do that. We've talked about it before on the show. I feel great during TRT. And I'm like, wow, how can my recovery be this good now? I'm making subtle proactive changes in there. I'm not writing everything the same with the same variables when I make that transition. But a lot of times that recovery, I'm actually amazed by how good the recovery is. And arguably it could be as simple as this towards the end of the cycle. You're banging so much more frequently and so much harder with the intensity even just psychologically you may not even notice it. But you're right on that edge of overtraining. And then when you do come off that information, like you said, drops the system arguably becomes a little bit more efficient. I'm trying not to cough, but I couldn't hold it. Sorry. So then it starts to increase in there and then as you make those proactive changes, then it just, it's in there's nothing, there's not a much better feeling than when you go into a TRT phase and you just feel that recovery. You just feel great. It makes the TRT phase that much more enjoyable and tolerable and productive. Yeah. I'm curious that. All right. Does taking gear before you meet or before you're getting close to your max genetic potential of muscle tissue decrease your enhanced genetic potential. I don't like on separating them but repeat that. Yeah. Sorry. Taking gear before meeting or getting close to your max genetic potential of muscle tissue decrease your enhanced genetic potential. No. And I don't even know, but I don't, that's why I don't like to separate it. There's just genetic potential. I don't, I understand what he's saying. You know, maximize your genetic potential naturally. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Your natural potential. And then you have a different level of enhanced. It's just genetic potential because at the end of the day, you're crossing over it. If you were never to cross over, then your your genetic potential would be natural. Anyway, I don't, I don't like to look at it. It's okay that he's doing that. I understand the question. I don't look at that. I think a lot of people don't look at it that way. All right. It's, is he coming out of from an angle of should I write out my natural gains as long as I should before I, I would even say no to that. And I don't, I think you probably differ Scott because I know I think you take me to a little bit more of a, I'll say safer approach than maybe myself and even skipwood, but in the sense of like I view my job is to get you to a place that you're eventually going to go as fast as possible. And you know, safe still, but like faster than wood than you would without me, right? So in my mind, we know PEDs work in, in as skip is pointing out your genetic potential is your genetic potential. It's not like there's a caveat because you use gear. You don't use gear. Your genetic potential is your potential. If we can get you to that genetic potential to peak of it faster, I would start gear if I was 14 if I could. I'm not advocating for that. I'm just I went and everything for that. I was a fur that you had a foundation first like and that foundation is like learning how to train. So yeah, we would differ in that way. So let me, let me caveat that with, you know, be in in the gym when I was 10 years old and be in a round bodybuilders and by 12 years old, I had a split, you know what I mean like yes, you know, I had a full split. So my point is known myself knowing that I had built the foundations and you know, I was eating five meals a day at 12 years old and you know, was it as perfect as as as as as as it is that I know, but it was there's a protein component, a good car, but piece of fruit, you know what I'm saying? Like I was already in that mindset as such a young age. I know that's not kids today, but I'm just saying. I don't know what I'm saying. Like I, I maybe we differ a little bit on when you should start gear, I guess. And I would ask you this, Andrew, do you feel like your gym, your end result genetically differed because you started gear earlier? No, neither do I. That's where I, and I think we agree on it. You're not going to get further in the, in my opinion, you're not going to get further. Your end game is not going to be more advanced if you wait. And I would even argue and say, and I'm a, I'm a perfect case of this. I've been training for 41 years. I would have liked to have gotten to my max potential a lot earlier because training years are like dog years. So you get to the point where you're training so much and you have so many years behind you that now you're dealing with injuries, you're dealing with joint issues, you're dealing with all these things where Let's get to the, I don't want to say get there as fast as possible, but as optimal as possible. And let's not waste a lot of time. At the same time, I am not advocating for someone to start training and get on gear. But I don't think it's going to change the end result. You're not going to go further. Yeah, that's where that's why I look at that genetic potential as a, as a marker no matter whether it's natural, it's enhanced. If you're going to cross that, well, it's the same, it's the same end result. Who's got the best genetics in our sport right now for bodybuilding, open bodybuilding? That's a key only. Just because of the big fan of that, but that look, but whether it's key on or Samson or Derek or whoever, one of those top three four guys in the world, right? Do we think if they would have waited three more years to start gear, right? They're pretending to matter better than it is today. It wouldn't matter. It wouldn't matter. Yeah, I would say I would want somebody to be an adult, but that's a different topic. You know what I mean then, then their genetic potential for sure. And I would say I'd want people to have two years. Let's say give yourself two years of consistent training. And that, I guess, also isn't about the genetic potential. It's like the, are you actually going to do this and stay with it kind of thing? That's a good point. It's a different topic. Are you going to do the lifestyle? Yeah. I got to jump. It's not the actual potential. Has nothing to do with the potential I guess, you know? Or are you going to say I'm like, and he gets his pro card at 21 and he decides at 24, they're just going to go in, it's going to be a musician. I mean, you know, he's going to go back to the hybrid. I don't know, you never know. You know what I mean? It's like, damn. Yeah. Did you guys see that guy? I don't remember. I don't know what his name. He was taking shots at Samson. Look. That Tim. I don't know. I didn't know Tim before Tim started taking shots at Sam. Who are you? Yeah. You're the extra guy that interviews people at the Olympia every other year. Like, who are you? You know what I mean? Like, it was like, it was obviously an attempt to grab some type of publicity cloud, I guess. Yeah. Come follow me, which backfired big time, by the way. Yeah. It was pretty pathetic. Yeah. It just as well as when Bob did it for him. Yeah. Bob, my release got a pro card and competed as an IFBB pro and has still a bit. Still. Still. I mean, it's going to be a bit Bob is just trying to, you know, clean up the somebody else's. Yeah. But my point is that Bob's already a household name and are in this. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, for sure. I thought it was classless what he did. Like, why are you saying that about Nick? You know, but regardless of that, at least Bob's. I guess I would say Bob's more entitled to his opinion because he is a stable in the sport on some way shape or food. I don't think it's hard to be trash in Nick or the arm classic or any. Those things that he's doing, but he's entitled to his opinion. This guy Tim, like, who are you? Like, you know. Yeah. I'm surprised me. Once anything to do with Bob, if he's behaving that way personally. I'm a little bit of a part of you. I'm a part of you. Officially. So I can kind of say what I feel like. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, but it's kind of odd to me. I will personally. I wouldn't want to put my brand behind that. I don't know. No. We just got uninvited to the mutant booth at the yellow. I would. Roger. Right. All right. So we did have some other stuff. We do have the. Great. Crazy intense. Insane insane insane insane. Insane. We should probably get to that pretty soon. But we did have somebody ask about. He said gets he's getting irritable on provider on 25 milligrams a day. What substances do you find to be? Like least mood affecting in a negative way. I didn't think provider and was mood affecting personally. You know what I mean? So that I would like if you were to ask me like, Hey, would provider and be safe because I'm worried about my mood getting irritable. I'd be like, oh, you'll be fine. I'm providing you know what I mean? She's what I see is that the majority of time I think people take a provider and it's usually at the end of a prep. When they're also at their lowest calories, trying to get the last bit of fat off and people are always. Excuse me. Blame AS for their lack of mood, their fatigue, all those things. And it's like, no, you're dieting on, you know, a thousand less calories than your body really wants every day. That is why you're a garage. That's why you're having these mood issues. This is why you're having sleep issues. It's not the, yeah, the PD's play a very small role in some of those things. But, and I mean, skip joke around about all this all the time. PD's make us feel like the happiest, most normal level of the, adults we could be like, I'm in a better mood when I'm running something decent. I know skip we talked about this and a lot better than than cruising when I was on, you know, 40 milligrams of test every three days, which was, you know, close to, almost no. Ooh, we, I gotta like, you know, we can't say that. It can't contact. We need to do time living. I joke, but I close to on living myself. Okay. Yeah. I hate this world we got to dance around and you can't, you can't profess towards it. But anyway, I digress my point being is that you look at, look at everything you're doing. I don't think providers the cause of the negativity that you're experiencing. I could be correlated correlated with that positive. I completely agree with you. And I think that that gets into a lot of things from trend to, there's just a lot going on there because people run trend in the off season. They don't seem to have anywhere near sleep, it's good to use and stuff. So it's kind of a perfect storm when you combine, look, I'm going to go to this. I'm going to say that the vast majority of issues with any compound, when they affect your behavior, your mood, or you think that they're, it's almost certainly the dieting. And then the compound may exacerbate that a bit. But the real cause there is your hangry. You know, dieting and feeling run down will change your mood or alter your mood, or alter your mood are more than specific compounds. Even though there are, there are some issues that people have, you know, whether it's, you know, they get, I mean, you come off, you get depressive. There's no question there with low testosterone level. But jealousy with, you know, certain compounds and stuff, I've said before, I have a hard time buying into the compound being the main reason or the main driver as far as how someone acts. Unless you're just an asshole because I will say that hormones make, they clearly make people more aggressive. There's no question. I mean, they've done studies on what the, the more violent crime, salted behaviors and people tend to have higher testosterone levels. And there are studies that are back then. The majority of people in prison are male. Yep. That's all that. That's all you need. Like that's, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yep. Guys, let's talk about intro workout carbs and saving money. So like the past 10, 15 years, intro workouts become super popular. It's a great way to support, pre workout insulin use. It's great for recovery and it's great for endurance and those long workouts. Here's the thing, it's really expensive. It's not only expensive for us, it's expensive for supplement companies. They really don't make a lot of money off of it. That's where true nutrition comes in. So true nutrition, they're not only a retailer, they're also a manufacturer. They're actually making a lot of the products that you guys are already buying from other companies. So just think about it. You're going to cut out the middle man. The only thing you're going to miss out on is the fancy labels and the branding. Outside of that, you're getting the exact same high quality products, but you're getting it directly from the source. If you're going to pay for the price of highly-branched liquid, dexterity and ensure that you're getting 25 grams per scoop. Not of a mix of carbs, but just a highly-branched liquid dexterity. We can mix the other stuff in later, you know? Use our code, think, get some savings plus it's like voting for us. Let's know that you support what we're doing. All right, let's get to our hardcore set of the week and same set of the week, crazy set of the week. We have people who are hashtagging you to bunch of different stuff too. So anyway, let's see what we've got here. Let's see what everybody sent us. And I'm going to head over to this. There we go. Boom, there we are. I'm going to try to make this work this time. Let's see if I can blow this up. A little bit, there we go. Goods like this, like press. I think it's good for some stuff. Yeah, good sometimes. It shows on my back, feeling man. Yeah. If I have to leg press, I would rather leg press with that. Yeah. Then I would with a regular, yeah, because of the pivot in the platform. Yeah. Now, I wish that the platform was lower. I would want my heels at the further down on the bottom, but that's only because of the pivot. That's personal preference. Oh, wow. All right, come on. Nice. That's a good set. That's a good set. I'll take it. This was Bradley. Okay. Good job Bradley and the leg press. There's us. I'm going to get these rules here. Yeah, right. All right. Oh, this dude made something credible progress there from that before and after. To now was good work. Oh, yeah. Good job James. There's no. Let's see here. Okay. Here's another one for us. Who is this iron. I'm a rebel. Mountain dog shirt on. You know what's going to be good. All right. All right. Is this Chris Anderson? Come on, Chris. Is it Chris is on the hack squat? We should let the audio people know what's going on here. And he's Chris is last name. Chris Anderson. Anderson. One, two, three. Can you see guys? Have any played set is? One, two, three, four, five, six. I might be six in a quarter and a dime. And he's I haven't. Have you guys been counting a rap? Because I wasn't counting. I'm just waiting for it to get hard. It's getting hard now. Yeah. I just want to see the effort. He's been doing well. Oh, he's above the minimum requirement. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Constant. Okay. And he's done here. He's got a couple more ones. He once he he's like me. Constant. Rest in more. This is solid set. It's a very good set. Looks like a cool gym, too. Doesn't it? He's just an inch into the center. Did it, did it? Did it. He started over. I'm by plate 25's in 10. He said so to us for. You guys know like there's like different body-builders. I can like look in their set like this, you know, when things start to look hard, they can get like, you know, hike out like three or four more. They're just a little slower. And then there's other body-builders that like it might look like. might look like smooth butter and then they get to like that one rep and it's like there's nobody just can't do it anymore. I used to be the former now on the ladder where okay yeah yeah like you just get it and maybe it's because as an older trainer now we all focus on the form so much more that like we're just channeling that energy to perfect reps every time and there's no there's no wasted reps there's no bouncy reps there's no body English reps and so like when you're done like it's just done like there's no eakin out another rep yeah there's not another other it's not another grinder in there yeah yeah we've got Jennifer back. Same machine? Yep just want to slow down on that on that negative hold on I got I got to do something here the sound is uh gonna get a demonetized let's see here I didn't hear anything soon. You can't hear it all right go on. No good we'll keep it that way then yeah can't hear a thing all right I actually wanted to hear the sound so I could like you the grons and be like give it a you know yeah yeah the reps are getting nice. She did slow it down a little bit here now you know she was dropping them down real fast last time I do feel like there's more control here than last time and it's still a hard look like her. She didn't know no okay no good. She came from a small girl background. There's where she came from that's like I wrapped a little bite in a quarter how many were you with her when she first started she did not look anything like this. Yeah yeah she's still going oh man come on this is where we guess how many are left. I think she's got a four five. Yeah I think she's got a lot left in her here someone writes you got an easy 10 left on the bottom there that was that's Peter that's Peter talking that's like the close captions. Yeah start to get a little tougher. Yeah there there's more there. Yeah she's just going oh Jesus. Like she looks like she's gonna fail there so she had to take a little break but then she gets another one right and then another one. Oh is this it? Yeah that's it. That was a good set. That was a hell of a set there that was good. Nice. That was good. That was up there that was closing on 20 reps right. Jennifer Marie again. Yeah All right so here is Dr. Marv and Dr. Marv has a what do we call this type of people row. Yeah. I would literally blow my back within the second rep. I could never lean that far forward. Really. Yeah I have a very very limited in my older age. That's I look at him shaking on the word. Yeah. Well that's I mean he's holding that for a full like three count. Yeah. Yeah. Looks like a cool gym too. Yeah boom a NASA. I know I kind of wondered the same thing at the sneezes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But how they get away with that? Yeah. I don't know if we should roll that out so that it doesn't hit the log. Yeah. Yeah. So corporate lawyers aren't looking around. I like the set up. Yes here and you can see us as speed on those blocks to give them a little bit more of a stretch. Yep. It's good. It gives a machining. This is vertebrae separating as we speak. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see he looks like he strapped up here too. So he doesn't have to overgrip quite as much. Oh you you cut you cut Jennifer off she said she wasn't done. She did two more after that. It stopped. She racked it. She she unwrapped it here. Yeah. I wanted to see if she may have unwrapped it again. Did you unwrapped it? Tell us it for did you unwrapped it and get a couple more. Oh my gosh. She did. She did. She said I did two more after that. So she must have unwrapped it when she was done there. Yep. There's a good set here. Like it doesn't look as sexy as like a leg, you know a hack squat or but like the troll to be able to keep pulling your arms into your stomach like that. Yeah. 13 15 reps in like more like the squat. No last week that was real tough. Yep. Yeah. That's a fight right here. Yeah. Real in a marlin or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. That was good. All right. A bad for a young guy. Yeah. She said I wasn't done Peter told me to keep going. All right. So she had a couple more in there after that. What do we have here? So this is Jeremy Holt. It's one of my clients. He is made. Rediculous progress this season. So he's I. Excuse me. Smith machine chest press in client and these first four reps look like butter with what he's got. This is a heavy part. I think it's three 15 is what he told me. Is it? Okay. Yeah. Because like that's a heavier bar. Okay. We've got a heavier bar in one of our Smith. Someone took a regular bar in 75. Oh. Is this a he says a 275 back off set to failure. Oh. After three 15 tops that was three 15 for nine. Gotcha. That's right. That's right. That's right. That was good. That's a good set. Yeah. That's good set. He's going to make some waves next year. You guys wait and see. Jacob little he's looking good. Yeah. Great little waist on this guy, huh? We're the lack thereof. It's great waist. All right. Is that all we had? No. We got more. We've got more. This is on Who it how do you say this name? The Scher. L. A. C. H. L. A. And Lack Lane. Latch Lane. This gauge. L in. Yeah. L in L in L. L. L. L. L. L. R. Lack Lane L. Lack Lane. He's on a big chest press this just loaded to the gills and so far he's at about 12 reps. Yeah. He's just. Yeah. I didn't think it's going to get this many. Dang. That's wild. Yeah. I got to watch this set again after you finish this here. You tell these almost done. Alright, I got to see this one again. It's making it look easy. Wow. 13. 14. 15. 16. Just fighting for that. That was good. You guys are like you couldn't hear the music on that. It wasn't saying. I don't even know. No, I don't even know. It was some sort of some sort of techno. There's Brandon Wise at his show. See we got a couple more here. Sam Graves. So I don't want to. Yeah, it's got here. Hamstring curl to start when I go like this. Is that there we go. Look, he's got the stack going there. Yeah. Oh it is. Yeah. Well, hamstring was that. That life fitness. Yeah. Very nice. It's good set. You got a deadlift too. Looks like it. Now, is he going straight into the deadlift? No, he's not done. Oh, is he done? Oh, yeah. He's on the rest pause. He's going to think you're right. I think you're right because this video is only a third of the way over. Oh, I don't have enough time to get up and write it down. You know what I mean? It's only 20 seconds. Yep. He's getting back in. Again. Boom, back at it. The first reps looks strong. Nice controlling the negative. Yeah, especially considering he only got two and a half reps like it's a little rough. Yep. And if he's anything like me, my hamstrings take forever between sets to recover doing a leg curl. Doesn't matter if it's seated. Doesn't matter if it's lying. It just I need two or three minutes. Otherwise, I go back in and I'm out. Those reps will get gotten half. I think it's just going again. Yeah, it's going to be a pause. Think about five seconds. Yeah. Could you do like 15 reps and then take 10 deep breaths and then do even half the reps you got the first up with the same form. You don't understand. Like so can it. I think the hamstring is just the like bicep. You know, I'm wondering how you've got one. You know, he's get the full rep. Good man. Two full reps at the end there. Very nice. All right. Now we're going over to dead. Hold on a minute. How many reps or how many plates is that? One, two, three, four, five plates in a little change. We're not going to do it. He's got his mutant Arnold Sheridan. Nice. Nice. Beautiful set. Nice. Beautiful set. Nice intensity in that. That's an exercise on they were doing again. Yeah. Oh, we got I can be pro pages with us here. Yep. What do you got here? Single leg leg press. Another another female entry, both training legs. Is that a split platform? Yes. Yeah. It is. Yeah. I didn't. I didn't throw it or crap. We got a great one. But it was a great finisher for Lake's day. I love seeing a leg leg pressus. Yeah. They're my favorite way to do them now. It's cool. I'm ashamed of the day. Yeah. Back of the day, I used to be like, wow, single leg exercises. Those are pussy. But like, you know, that's just the young, you know, need to see things on the bar kind of, you know, attitude, which now I'm like, I feel it's so much better. I guess such a deeper stretch. Yeah. Knees coming down all the way to my chest. Back doesn't hurt. Mm-hmm. She'd probably make it a pro debut. Maybe this year or next? I don't know. Yeah. I think it's this year. I forget. It told me where she was going to be when she was at. A matter at the resort, the Arnold. Yeah. Where do you know where she's from? Um, up by like Minnesota area. No chance it's Milwaukee area. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's from there. I just just came from there. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're okay. Yeah. I think she was at the show when you were up there, skip. She didn't know you were there. Yeah. Yeah. That's okay. That's what I was thinking. But I was a sure. All right. She's on the other leg now guys for our audio listeners. I know this is probably somewhat boring for our audio. People will be appreciate you hanging with us and don't worry. Skip's going to say something really offensive later. So you're not going to want to miss that. We don't know. Yeah. It does every episode. I've been pretty good. I think I have. I wonder if that's social candy. The, um, the gym gym. Yeah. I got, uh, you have to be, looks cool. What do I want to say? You have to be accepted. Uh, remember it's kind of an exclusive. But they have a lot of old school. This could be. Yeah. Exactly. I'm not sure. But it's, um, it's and they want to know your social media content and your social media stuff and everything else really. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I know. That's a little weird. Yeah. I didn't, yeah. I just, so private. It's like, it's 24 seven. That's why I reach out from my, um, like, I wonder what they're looking son in law married to my daughter. Yes. You push that right to failure, too. I'm not sure. It's a good set. Yeah. Well, yeah. What are what they're looking for? I got to fit. You know, out of your, uh, out of your social media content. Yeah. I don't know. I'm not sure. But I know I got a 24 seven. I used to train now without having to, and I like that because I don't like Rachel's brother. We got Josh, but I can hear and we love animal house. That's a high in class. You move up their ship. It's, um, it's possible. It's possible. My wife is back to off on it. Um, because of her career here. And she knows that once we go up there, the advancements and everything else in the money is not going to be anywhere near the same. So, yeah, I think, well, she's back to off. It ultimately comes to her. I'm going to drop set this guys. Oh, three plates for another 12 reps. And now we're now in the two plates slower negative. Well, no, not in slower now. He's just ripping on. Now he's just getting every, he's getting everything out again. Yep. I love that. Let's like this. Yeah. Josh was on a mission. I think, you know, he's seeing what he can do. And, um, and you know, he sees he's tasting it all. I can turn pro and I think he's all in. Yep. And he's definitely thickened up. Nice. He's gone. Really. I got to get him credit. He's going to get his conditioning. Down to one plate now and he's really controlling those negatives. Just push it in and it up for one more each time. Nice. You know, come on. Come on. Still going. Still going. Well, that was good. That was a good set, Josh. When you start an overgang, he's going back to three plates. Just like that. No, I think, no, that was the video. I'm messing with you. Okay. Okay. Is that it? Is that everything we got here? I think so. Think that might have been not. Wait, wait, wait. We have more. Yeah. We have more. And there's more. Justin Montgomery on the hack. A lot of good late training today. This is funny. His kids start screwing around the background. The rest of the way. Oh, yeah. You saw this. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He's he's off to kill this. You got three reps. Took a little pause. Dropped it down hard for his fourth rep now. Pauzing between reps. Oh, yeah. This is heavy for him. He's going hard. Knees are all wrapped up. You know, he slept well after this and he didn't walk good for three days. I suppose maybe each week or every, maybe each month we have a theme like, you know, like leg exercise 20 plus reps or something like that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I like that idea. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I see the same back there screwing around. Yeah. Brazilian Jitsu happening back there. Come on. Come on. Come on. Yeah. It's a good set. Yeah. That looks like my hacksquad actually. It look that might be my body master hack. Actually, maybe a slightly newer version. I'm not a fan of higher platform. Or I don't like it either. But I think it is a body master. You could tell from the the the rack handles. The angle on it is so perfect. The angle on it is so beautiful. I have I only have found a few hacksquads that feel as good as this one does. All right. We just got to try the Watson one that's like literally, like if this is 90 degrees, it's like, it's like, you can set it up so it's like that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You can adjust the the plate. Yeah. Yeah. It's hydraulic. Wait wait wait. We got Josh Brown back again. Is this the same? Is this the same that no I like to this before? When did he put this one out March 30th? So no, this is new. You can't win again though, Josh. That's the only thing. Can't win for the same exercise. I got one, two, three, four, five, six. That six plates in a bunch of change. Six hundred and seven. Geez. I watched some of those stuff on this. He's the gram too. He's dude's crazy strong. Yeah. He's certainly built. He's got a dump truck back there. Yeah. Nice. Not afraid either. You know what I mean? Like not afraid to get that one more. Yeah. I think that might be it guys. I think that might be it. I think it is. Yeah. Because then oh wait Jennifer from Jennifer's got another entry. Oh my back just my blue of vertebrae out watching her on this one with the dead. That's a rough. She really, really hit. I'm going to be honest. I don't love her form on some of it. Like she's clearly strong. Yeah. She doesn't hurt. She doesn't hurt herself either. Andrew. Like she's yeah. She can do it. Yes. That's the thing. I would know. Yeah. But I think she's going to get more growth at a cleaning it up just a little bit. And yeah. I mean, very scary though. Like this. Clearly strong. Yeah. That's totally fearless. You know, I mean, I was too whole body shaking. Yeah. Her whole body shaking is she's bringing that first wrap up. Yeah. If she does, she should compete in power with thing. If she does him, I mean, somebody's one right Maxis she can probably do. Yeah. When she started working with Dusty, she really started honing in on getting for can strong as hell. She always had it in her. But now she's really pushing it. Nice. And as far as intensity. Oh, there's there's not. Yeah. Yeah, right. We just look like we're really good. We can lift some stuff now. Yeah. So what do you guys say here? We had a bunch of good ones. I'm going to bring it back to us here. I mean, I know what I'm going to go with Jennifer. Honestly, I'm going to go with Jennifer on the the pendulum. I, I, I, she got so she got way more reps than any of us thought she was going to get. She just kept going and going and going. I'm going to go with Jennifer on this one personally. That's my vote. But I'm just one of the three of us. So you guys tell me, what do you guys give? I'm going to be honest with you. I'm very impressed with, look, I'm a two, you guys are going to laugh. But I'm a two plate pendulum guy. I get over that. And it's in heavy. She's taken a plate and a half for damn near 20 reps. And then didn't even rack it but for like two seconds and went back into it again. Yeah. That's that's pretty impressive. However, and that's right up there. I think I'm more impressed with the kids' hacksquad. I say kids are mold with the kids, kids rassling in the background because that was closer to the limit. Like as far as he could take that set, it wasn't a ton of raps. Like 20 reps or anything. But he is the one that stands out to me or even and Andrew's going to be like, I didn't like the form. I totally get it. But she that girl at the end, she wasn't going to get another rep here. That was Jennifer again. That was that was Jennifer again. That was my same girl. Yeah, that was true. Yeah, same girl. Oh, okay. Well, then in that case, then I'm going to take her with the dead over the pendulum only because to me, it was max effort. I don't like the round. I think there's a little bit around this and that lower back that could eventually end up being a vulnerability. Yeah. But they effort there. There was nothing left. And she got 32. Stay in front of her. I'd rather see that. She got 32 reps for her 30 second birthday on that on that pendulum. Rit. Yeah. In in that set right there, she got 32 reps. Oh, that's a lot of reps, man. Yeah. That's pretty. You know what either way, she's in both movements. So yeah, what about you, Andrew? And I'm not saying the others weren't great. I'll take it off. Yeah, that's so much before you go, Andrew. I got to say so the guy, the kid with the heck, all be honest, man. So he did a couple reps and then he stopped. And then in true, I think I would like to see him come back and do that again with like honestly like half the weight. Honestly, I would like to see him. And control the reps. You're like basically not keep the reps constant. Because he got like two reps and then he just like he couldn't do anymore. And then he did a series of singles, you know, as the way I saw it. And I've done that and I get the intensity of that, but being able to control constant, keep pushing constant reps, I think is to me more intense ultimately personally. So that's why I said, maybe we should start doing caveats. Okay, this is a leg movement for 20 reps continuous. Yeah. Yeah. I've second you know what I'm saying? I read what you were by your saying that. Yeah, I'm saying way, like there. Okay. Man, the guy I like, I was going to say the guy with the drop set too on the shoulder press. So I was going to go with Josh on that. Like, because I had told with me, I remember doing that shit and it's like, and I know what kind of vibe he's in right now. Like, like, yeah, he's ready to go to the next level. He's getting there. He's, he's, you know, as we say, burning the ships, you know what I mean? And you guys know that reference? No, but I liked it. Incidentally, I was like, oh, you know, the nationwide, the combination war, I came over the, the, the, the warrior commander, but said, no, no, like we're going and we're invading this, it was a carthage or one of the other countries and we're burning the ships when we get there because there's no going home. We're going to call burning your own ships. It's burning your own ships. It's do or die. Like, yeah, there's no way for us to get home. We're conquering these people. Then we're going to take their ships to go home. That's what I said. I said, you could always take their ships. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So I like Josh is said, but I'm not like opposed to any of them, but yeah, that's kind of how I feel too though. Yeah, yeah. I just like the fact that we're seeing a lot of good training and good intensity being, you know, posted on the page, I think we need more of that. So yeah, if we don't give it to Jennifer, she's just going to come back and do 33 reps next time. You guys realize that. So maybe we shouldn't. Maybe we should. Yeah. It's just to challenge your exactly. You're Jennifer, you won't my boat. Slot down the negative just a little bit and that would be 1,000 percent. The winning set in my boat today. So all right. Just a little bit more control in the negative, no dropping on both exercises. Just because I don't want to see how I want to get hurt while we're doing this stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So does that mean? What does this mean for her? She wins. Oh, okay. She wins. She wins. Okay. That doesn't mean that you can't come back still and although you can't win again on the same exercise. I don't know. We'll have to come up with rules. But I think you're right, Andrew. What should we, how should we put this forward for the future? Let's say, we come up by committee. So, you know, we've seen a lot of good, like, stuff lately. Let's say a back exercise. Okay. Of minimum, let's say 15 reps. Marves was great, too. We didn't mention everything. Yeah. This was really killer. I feel like it is because I'm going on about control during sets. Marves had the best control. He really did. I saw a lady in that muscle, putting it right where he wants it. No jerking, no body English. Yeah. It was whole body was like shaking by the end of that set. And the guy on the machine chest press. Oh my God. That was great, too. You got like 20 reps with without stopping. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Constant rest. These are, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't vote. Guys, I can't vote. You all win. Yeah. Yeah. But how about this? What if you sort of pull? Okay. Or listen to start, you know, put it in the same thing. What if we, what if, so everybody in YouTube is going to see this, how about we let them vote? You know, I mean, you guys, for King comment and let us know who wins. We can get you that thing. Can you, can, can, I think we can. I think we can. I'll figure that out. If not, though, just comment because the comments also helped to boost us up. But you guys comment with who you want to win. And yes, you can get your friends to come on our page and comment, too, which means we'll get even more comments. I like to see what I want to do with this guy, guys. You got to be a subscriber to vote, though. Got to be a subscriber to vote. Thank you. I like that. I like that. All right. And we appreciate everybody tuning in. Leave us questions while you're at it while you're commenting comment with questions as well. Make that a separate comment. More comments. The better and go to bodybarry.com to reach out to Andrew and hit up team skip dot com to reach out to skip. What were the day had you thought anything or yeah, no. Yeah, I had it. I did have it. And I've used it before, but it just happened. It was one of the first ones I pulled up because I was admittedly not prepared. I was stuck in traffic getting here. So I apologize, but I'm missing throat. It's, or being missing traffic. And then essentially it's just the person who dislikes mankind. You just literally can't stand people in your to the point where you just want to avoid people because you cannot stand them. Plus and listen through. And you were talking to me, McNally diets at jmail.com. Go to true nutrition.com. Use our code think over their supplement source dot c a for Canadians. And of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. Guys, I need to create a new thread over at Patreon. I've answered just about everything over there, but definitely keep loading us up with questions on the current thread. And for another episode of What's What You're Guys, we will see you soon. Thank you for tuning in. I had a great yon while we were signing off. I got an ab crash and hard.