What's up guys, welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coaches Skip Hill and you're Barry and myself, Scott McNeil. Guys, all of our programming is brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. You can use our code, thank for all sorts of products including Intra workout carbs, much to be part of our topic today. We're also brought to you by SupplementSource.ca. Great deals for Canadians, people of the North. You guys can get awesome deals on label changes, short dated products, stuff like that. We're also brought to you by you guys, people of Patreon. Thank you very much for your support. I've been doing early releases over on Patreon and right now there isn't just bodybuilding Patreon only episodes. I hope you guys are enjoying that. What's the topic today, Andrew? We were looking at one of our listeners. It was Justin, right? And he said, here, I'll just let me grab it and throw it up on the screen. He says, topic for the next show. Can each of you guys give your ideal pre-intra and post workout nutrition and scenario? Thanks guys, love for the show. Let's skip said, I like this one. Yeah, there's like team can said that. I'm not a carb guy, pre-workout, so I'm protein fat. That's, I hate well-known. I do get my carbs. I need about three meals for our trans, so the first two might be carbs. It's the one before our trans isn't. I hit my insulin, then I hit my intro. I have introed EA's and true lecturer, electrolytes. And then post is pretty predictable. I have stayed with the same post for a long time. Teams get protein and rice checks. So I'm down to the only one or two protein drinks a day, and that has helped my distension a little bit. But I go big on my protein. I increase my protein by about 50% post workout. So typically, I get the start of this cup phase. That was it about 120 grams. I'm OCD, so I don't do scoops. I actually weigh the powder, but 120 grams, I think that puts me at about 90. I do the math, but I think it's 90 grams of protein. And then my carbs come from rice checks, and then I get back into my regular meal. So boring, but I don't know, effective. Let me ask you this. So what was your post again? It was the rice checks and what? Rice checks and teams get protein. Okay, so after that, now how long after the workout is that? I'm one of those guys. I don't do the whole, oh, I must eat this very second, especially after legs. It takes me 15, 20 minutes to get home. I probably won't eat for another 30 minutes after legs, but typically it's 15 minutes after your home, so like that. So about an hour, so an hour. So an hour, yeah. And then when do you pick up when's your next meal after that meal? Do you just go back to like every two to three hours or how does that work? It's about an hour and a half to two hours. It depends on whether it's early in the week and whether I have loaded or whether it's later in the week, especially now as I'm cutting and I may be more depleted. What I will find is if I don't get, especially with insulin and intercarves, especially with everything still balanced on that in this huge surplus, like I had in the offseason, I have to be very careful that that meal doesn't go too long or I can get. I've got a little bit high for. That's what I was kind of wondering how that all kind of done. Okay. Would you find that with the cereals in general? Yes. Especially if you take an insulin workout. Yeah. Now I have a pretty good balance now of my insulin dose versus my intra. You have to tweak these things. So for the listeners, I was training legs on Friday and for me I typically load on a Sunday and didn't load for the first price five weeks, I think it was. So I'd have to be careful that I didn't start to get a little bit high for even before I got home. But I liked being a little bit high for you know. You start to hit and then you know, okay, now it's time to eat versus I got to go to the grocery store and I got to eat gas and oh crap I'm going high for and then you get mad. And it's not a high for where you're going to hit the floor. But it's a hype of that you, it just keeps digging a little bit more of a hole. You don't want to get, you don't want to get something. And I always have extra with me. I always have a Ziplot bag of another large serving at EA's and intra carbs. In case I do run low, you know, maybe I'm taking in more while I'm training and I just don't, you know, I don't know. Measure it right or I don't want to run out early. And I want to do calves today or hit with abs. I don't mind schedule day. I don't want to run low. Yeah. Let me also ask you. So why the 90, almost 100 grams of protein post workout and this isn't like a challenge. I think the listener would really gain from this. It's something that I've done for a long time because I consider that post training window kind of sponge time. But someone sent me a study or a couple of studies. I'm like a month or two ago and said, hey, skip, what's you? What you've been doing, I remember doing this when we trained together and these studies back up somebody posted them. I don't even know who it was. Scott and I did a thing on it. Was it the 100 gram protein? Well, the man, it was something something. It was basically that there's no real limit to an avalism in post workout window in terms of protein intake. Well, no real limit up to 100 grams because that's as high as they tested. Which that's what? Only because that says the limit, if they tested one 50, what would we find out if we tested that's what Scott did wonder. He is like, so there's no limit. You could imagine him saying that. So the limits would be related to digestive issues with that large of a protein serving at one time. Yeah. I think that's what we'd be the limiting factor. Not your body's ability to synthesize and manufacture proteins from your post workout meal. Or so, you know, when your system is breakdown, can you guys eat 400 grams of chicken in one meal? Right. I was eating thinking I'd switch to egg whites because I do get, I stay full from all that protein powder longer than I want to. But yeah, it does. It keeps me pretty full. It's a lot of protein powder, man. I think it's like five scoops or something like that. Yes. It's crazy. It seems to give shape-rape for the show started. Nice. But I was thinking about going to egg whites or something because I don't want to eat anything like, like you say, it's a lot of chicken. I don't want to eat anything like beef at that time because I'm not a big one. I'm cutting. I try to keep my fat and take, you know, relatively low unless I'm adding. If I'm going to add fat, I'm going to add it. Macadamia oil or macadamia oil or something like that. I love like it's damn the taste of olive oil. It just makes me want to gag with macadamia oil. I can tolerate things like that. So I try not to, you know, taking those heavier meats. But egg whites, could you imagine trying to eat 90 grams of protein egg whites if you'd want to throw it. And let's do it. I would smell my wife would want to divorce you because I don't deal well with egg whites. No. No. For sure. How about you, Andrew? What's your go-to or ideal? Yeah. I'm like skip, I don't completely omit carbs, but I think my pre workout meals, my lowest carbohydrate meal. Okay. You know, weight protein, cream of rice, peanut butter, you know, might be 45 grams of carbs total in that meal. More so because I don't want to have any bloat. I also feel like skip does that those carbs you're eating right then are going to do a look of anything during your actual workout. Right. And then I get to the gym. I like to take insulin and I like to use, you know, a mixture. I use our granite product called recovery, which has highly branched cyclic dextrin, electrolytes, amino acids, essential amino acids. It's got some central in it, you know, aschrogynda and a few other cool supplements. I'm not huge on the pre workout drinks, especially the ones that, you know, like the the statement ones. I really have turned away from those five, six, maybe even eight years ago. Maybe like the last couple weeks for prep. I would use one, but I just find that using stuff like that gives me more of stomach ache going into a training session and the very last thing I want, which training is to have stomach blow and stomach issues. So I kind of admit that kind of stuff. Um, in terms of amounts of intro, it depends, you know, back in the day, I could do 150 grams of carbs with a good amount of insulin. Sure. These days and you guys probably can attest to this as you get older, your ability to handle that kind of stuff during training just isn't what it was. So, you know, if I can get 75 grams of an intro carbon, I'm doing pretty darn good. Uh, and then I'm just still a good amount. That's still a good amount of carbs. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. I'm okay. So I'm about 50 and less. It's like day later in the week than I might push up to 75. So we're, I think, when kind of in the same ballpark. So you know, I'm fine now between your last meal and when you train. Uh, so if I eat at 11, we're doing like our first, I would say working set by 1230. That's about what I am to let it out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I want to get takes 30 to 40 minutes get to the gym because where we're coming from. And then, you know, we take, especially we're doing legs. We're doing 15 to 20 minutes of warm up stuff before we even get into it. And I'm not counting like calf work because we do calf work first quite often. Um, you know, I don't count that as anything that's going to create like a systemic um, sympathetic effect on my body. So like that, I can do that while warming up basically. Um, and then, uh, I like to wait some days. If it's like days, I might wait two hours to eat when I get out of the gym because we've had some killer workouts lately that just leave my whole systemic like my my my my neurological system just like smoked to where I don't feel the hunger even for, you know, hour to half. So, but my my post workout meal, I do more of a solid meal. So I should say that too. If I was doing a shake and like a cream of rice or even a cereal, I would definitely be able to eat a lot sooner. But I do, um, right now it's just white fish, rice and avocado oil. I've been the big fan of avocado oil. So usually, you know, it's 230 grams of fish. Usually about 400 grams of rice. I have an apple with it and about 15 grams of avocado oil. So it's a decent, you know, decent complex meal. And again, and I should also say this, I'm doing more of a clean if a picture macro of these days because you, well, you guys know, like when we get in our lifestyle, if you have, you know, a workout and then you're trying to go a podcast later, you know, within that timeframe, I might have to go with a cereal and a way shake to get my post workout it because just the way the schedule works out. But a typical day I'll rely on that more solid meal somewhere in the hour to two hours after training. Yeah, you guys don't even want to know what I can cocked it together for my post workout. Because I literally, I was eating right before we started and my post workout was, I was like, okay, well, I don't want to get too many carbs in right now. I carbs previously. So I had a piece of bread with some, um, what do they call it? Like the, the healthy lunch meat, the stuff that doesn't have like all the nitrate sitting and stuff. I literally ran to the store because I knew I, I wanted to have a monster any dream tomorrow morning. It was like the only time I can go is right now. If I leave now right after my workout, I can get this and I ran up there. I got that I ate that, uh, half a sandwich, uh, on bread and, um, and two scoops of team skip. It was literally all I had. So I'm not going to say that like what I'm talking about here is podcast where they, you know what I mean? Like I didn't prepare my pre-workout. I had eaten like a couple hours beforehand. But I can tell you this that in my more serious days of bodybuilding, which I'd love to get back there for good, um, I would say that I needed to have a good amount of carbs. Like, and I needed to eat, I would say time it up ideally perfect would be about one hour before training. If, if I were to wait longer than that, I'd just be shot. Even without insulin, I would start going hypone the gym. You know, after I'm done training, we're not doing calves with the injury. We haven't even started the workout yet. I'm like ready to leave. I'm ready to go meet you. You know? Well, I think you told us to in the past that you would go hypone when you're working your route, uh, delivered soda. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I've always had like, you've watched your girl like, you've watched your girl like, you've watched your girl like, you've watched your girl like, yeah. Yeah. You've been one like we'd be getting on a show before we'd start recording. You'd start having like these trickles to sweat and I'm like, I know what that means. You called it after a while. You've called it after a while. You've called it after a while. You're hypone right now, aren't you? You always have the stuff. You did. But I would say a deal would be in the thing that worked really good for me was sweet potato and lean beef. Lean beef head is the fats kind of slowed everything down. Yeah. And I just felt like I got good pumps eating sweet potatoes for some reason. Maybe it was the beef and sweet potatoes. Magic for me. And it was heavy enough that it stuck with me through the workout. Any more if I do an intra, it's going to be like 25 grams, honestly. And I found that honestly like even a small amount of carbs like 25 grams, it does enough for me to boost my recovery. I don't need to do like 50 grams of carbs or what I had done in the past. Like going really high like we've talked about before. But yeah, 25 would be about it for me right now. If I were to try to use insulin nowadays, it'd probably be like two through units would be literally it. But I don't have a need for it at this time. But in the past, it would have been that big meal and then one hour later, playing to be in the gym 15 minutes before trading, take the insulin, start drinking my intra, the minute I got there. And then probably I would do a couple of scoops of protein after I was done training, just because it was going to take me an hour to drive home. And I'd be getting hungry. And then, but I didn't use carbs with that because I just had carbs all through the workout. And then about an hour later, going to my next meal, which I would then do a solid food meal with whatever my macros were at the time. You know, probably six ounces of meat and you know, couple cups of rice or something like that in a veggie. And I think you made a good point too, that should be touched on. When you have intercarves, that should impact your post workout carb intake. 100%. And I think a lot of people will give, they start taking the intra, then they're like, oh, I'm getting fat. This isn't working because they left their post, their post workout carbs the same. So, which one are you in a blame? The intra or the post workout? I don't know. I like to exploit our use to explain the whole intra thing, as you're basically taking your post workout meal and making it digestible meal during your training. That's not going to affect your parasympathetic nervous system and cause digestive, or shouldn't be caused digestive issues. And then that kind of ring to bell for a lot of people, we're pertaining to that issue of like, I feel like I'm getting fat. I do on this intra, I do my post workout, and then we look at the plan and be like, well, you've to consume like 400 carbs in this like last three hour period. Like, of course you're getting fat, you know? And with my increase in protein, I'm able to cut the carbs down too, because obviously, you don't need as many carbs with it. And they added protein posts work out at roughly 50% above what I normally would take in, and then of course the intra as well. So, intra carbs. What they go say that's changed for me over the years is that I'll do this quite often where I actually won't do any intra during like training days. Like if it's going to be a hard workout. Just because I know like systemically, I just can't take it. I start to feel like the girls are running into the bathroom, thinking I'm like dry-haven actually, and sometimes even throwing up, whereas 10 years ago, you know, like I said, I was using upwards of 150 grams of cyclone texture and during like a like day or something like that. So, that's definitely been a shift for me. And I just consider that like listening to my body and making decisions based off what my body can actually handle versus no, you have to get your intra to work out in. Somebody's I just do water. You know, if I feel like water's going to be the most advantageous thing for me, I'll just do water. And we do something a little bit different with our intra too in the sense that you like to drink half of it or something pretty much out of the date. I think there's a whole lot of that. Oh, okay. Then it probably would be closer to the same then. For some reason I thought that you drank maybe up to half or something like that. I'll get a good situation where someone was intra and insulin and was training fasted. Where I said, I would probably start drinking that on the way and get a bunch of big sense. Yeah. And then the fear is you know, you're waking up already, probably very fairly low blood sugar or low is going to be at most meal out of the day. I would hate for someone to add insulin in and follow like a 20% protocol and get behind and in like during the workout. Like, oh man, like I'm sweating. I'm feeling the cold chills like, you know what I mean? Like you got to think the intra's got to be additive to your workout. Got to you know, it works energetically for your workout. It's there's no rule that says you have to use an intra to have a good workout. It should be used to to improve the quality of your workouts. And if it's not, then don't use an intra. And we don't use intra. I think the three of us to earn that intra. I'm sorry, three of us don't use pre workouts, right? I can't because of nerve, well, I could, but it would have to be without beta, our name and a lot of these, I'd have to be very, very particular about it. The only thing I do is I do have a monster zero with my meal. Um, it's just a ritual, I guess, that I done in a kind of, I don't know if I say it wakes me up. I could probably not do it. And I might not notice the differences. I don't train until an hour and a half later after I have some synthetic caffeine. Probably isn't given me a huge boost to two hours in. I will. I will sometimes, but not a lot. They might do like a half a scoop or I just got this new tropic product from mutant and it's good. I liked it because I took a half a scoop of that, too. And then I felt like after my workout, I did all my work, like just like plugged right in. And you know, so it's kind of, it was like a, a pre workout pre work out in pre work. Uh, plan. Yes, but I use, uh, I didn't mention my, my intra all use, um, the MPA muscle intrusion at Trinutrition. And honestly, I could buy the E a is themselves and use like the E a plus to flavor. My highly wear sickly ducstron. I think that could be great. But I just love that lemon ice flavor. Like it's my, it's my favorite. So it's literally the reason is because I like the flavor of it. Me. Yeah, no, I don't, I don't love it. I use a non-s dim pre workout sometimes, but it's usually like even a half scoop of that, where it says to use two scoops, I'll use just like a little bit. It's really just water flavoring on the way to the gym. I like, I like Seattle's more than anything personally. Yeah, there you go. Hey, what's off, guys? I've a lot of people who reach out to man, a regular basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein. And there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day, but we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers. Uh, Trinitrition has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate. If you don't tolerate lactose, then you can use their beef isolate or you could use their P protein isolate. If you don't eat animal products, they literally have everything you think of. I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us. And they, they never went out of their way to say like, hey, we want to promote our stuff through you. I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in. And at the end of the day, I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible. So if you use our code, thank you Trinitrition, you'll get some savings. You'll help to support our programming and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster. Um, let's see if we have time for questions. We're going to try to just do a really short episode here. We don't have the time for for a full long one, but we didn't want to leave you guys hanging. This is one that I think all of us kind of resonated with. Um, let's see, he says, when dieting in food is down. Have you ever had experience in using a micro dose protocol of some agglutide to fight off the hunger hormone? Um, what dosing would be used for this? I didn't know some micro dose. Um, and the other thing is, I'm curious what you guys experienced as my experience with some agglutide is. That's not, that's not going to be, at first it's going to take a while before you get the appetite thing. I mean, that's why you only have to take it once a week. I mean, this is a very, very long half-light. Uh, I also didn't see the effects until like a handful, I mean, I'm not a handful, but three weeks in. I mean, it takes a while and even arguably, you know, the, the dosing steps up from, you know, 0.25, may do 0.5. So you don't really start to see those until that dosing starts to go up to, I mean, it helps. But there's nothing terribly obvious or dramatic happening until those dosages do get higher. And then, you know, it's almost a higher the dosing goes in the longer you're on it, the more impressive it can be. I don't have any experience with some agglutide with someone who's a competitor, but I am curious. So I have one situation I won't get into, but they, because it's a long situation, but with the guy and the main reason we're going to it, we had to pull out of the show to reset and tell him, carrying a lot of weight and just, it's been slow going. It's just things are coming to a crawl. And went back and checked blood glucose levels and they're fast at it in the 130s. So it's like, oh, you know, almost a little bit of shit. Yeah. So we're like, okay, we need to reset everything. We need to get you off, you know, T3 clan things like that. I don't know, specifically, but there's T4, T3 and clan and they're not a very high dosages, but yeah, you can move off that before put them on the semi-glutide, because the color of the semi-glutide will increase the effectiveness of T4 and T3 by for some people up to like 30%. So certainly, you don't want to throw a semi-glutide in top of that. So we're pulling that out first where we almost had that out and then we'll start to semi-glutide. But I'm curious to see how he's going to respond to that. The obvious thing would be to come off growth hormone, because that can be obviously playing into blood sugar levels 2. Then of course there's the insulin route, but we're both on the same page as someone I've worked with for a long time. And we had battle. He doesn't have a great metabolism anyway, that this is a different situation. He had a surgery on his hip, a surgery on his lower back for a few minutes. Fusion, things like that. So during that time, he gained a lot of weight and we're struggling to get it off. So that's going to be my kind of case study, I guess, for someone who's far more bodybuilding related than just Jen Pop. I'm going to be honest. I'm more skeptical of any of the drugs that have hit the market over the last couple of years, because I'm going to go down a small rabbit hole here, but I've been reading a lot of books about the pharmaceutical industry lately and about how the testing, when they make claims that these products are safe, whether it's a vaccine or it's a drug that hits the market or whatever, a lot of these companies they bypass a lot of the phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical trials, or they do them in countries where they don't have to report the adverse effects in the same way that we do in the United States. There's a reason why a lot of these drugs, the things are tested in Africa, for instance, because their standards are much lower than ours. And it's sad to say, but their population is obviously, you know, they're not as economically doing well as we are, and their countries will take pharmaceutical money to run these tests and define results that are advantageous to the pharmaceutical companies. And I say that because, well, me doing the research is kind of a side thing, because I'm on this kick to find out more about the pharmaceutical industry as a whole, so we'll leave it at that. But I started really thinking about this and pertaining to some glue tied with a client that was using it for contest prep. What a very successful prep, shrimp row. It was great, but she had a lot of side effects, and we weren't used in hardly any, you know, maybe a milligrams week or something like that. What kind of side effects was she given? Yeah, I'm curious as well. Well, you mentioned the side effects related to T3T4, that was a big one, like really massive, and we weren't using T3 with this prep. Massive, like she went to the hospital for massive hard issues to where they gave her monitor and tested, you know, take a cardia and all that kind of stuff. So the heart rate, the resting heart rate was through the roof, through the roof, like through the roof, through the roof, for, you know, and then the digestive issues, you know, that people get the company, you know, the gastroamping and constipation, that kind of stuff. I'm trying to remember the other sides, but it was enough to make me really say, okay, this isn't just the magic compound that we can use to stick in points or, you know, and I also look at it as a whole, you know, they're really pushing this stuff on kids because our kids in America are like 70% overweight, 60% or 50% obese at this point. We're trying to treat a problem that we're trying to take the easy effects, the bandage approach, you know, versus like, hey, you know, exercise more, take vitamin D, take all the things that we know, you know, this could be like a two hour long speech from me. So I'll, I'll do it again. But I'm not like, as convinced, some of the side is a net positive for our demographic right now. Here, okay, so we say our demographic do mean our demographic embodied building or just in our, like, our society itself. I'm saying specifically our, like our clients, whether they're in pop or they're. That's what I'm wondering. That's what I'm wondering too. Here's, if I got to say something about this. Well, yeah, someone is 400 pounds, a female is 400 pounds and this could extend her life. Yeah. I absolutely, because she's going to lose 150 pounds off of it. I think that's the application because she was going to die young anyway, right? Yeah. For people like that we work with that, let's say our gen pop people want to lose 25 pounds. Well, look, we can do that. It's going to take a year, maybe two years for a lot of you because we're going to have to start and stop and pull back at times, but we can do that. You know, contest, prep people, we could do it in 15 to 20 weeks because you're motivated and we just got to work harder. But yeah, that's kind of where I'm staying I think there's a middle ground and I think that's what you're kind of getting more to word Andrew when you're talking about like the extremely obese person. Sure. I think there's a middle ground. I do think that it's being like overused like crazy, you know. Victoria's talked about using it. She had been prescribed, Lyrglu-Tide, which is fast acting, which if this person and I'm not saying that it's a good idea to add something in, but if you wanted something to hit right on that spot, Lyrglu-Tide's a daily administration, I'll say. He's not a word of that. Yeah, yeah. And she had been prescribed to that in Canada since like 2018. But she was prescribed it for PCOS, the way that we'll use like what he called, metformin, metformin, you know, for the same type of thing. So I think it can be beneficial for situations like that since she's had so much experience with it. She's gotten really good with understanding how to supplement to support that digestive stuff. But I think it's tricky. And I think like you know like like, like, here's the thing in bodybuilding where you're already have a chance. All right. If you're dealing with a high-level female competitor, she already has a good chance of getting constipated and having issues with digestion even without that stuff in there, right? So I think it's tricky to add that in. I would say that when we start talking about using it for bodybuilding, I do think there's benefits. I do think it's middle ground. I could say so much more. It's interesting because now I'm seeing her dad started using it. He started using some agglutite for fat loss. And he's getting shamed now, which is interesting. He's getting shamed by people who are like, oh, well, you know, once you stop taking it, it's all going to come back. These guys are those zempians. That's the negative. That's those are the people who are taking it. And you know, because you're weak. And you get it. It's like the lid-tard type of negative. It's a pejority. Yeah. It's just because we make up, you know, nasty. It's like you if I took the same drugs you took. Wow. Okay. Exactly what it is. So you don't want to agree with you. Go ahead. No, I was just saying so. So that said, you know, I don't want to sound like that. But I do think that there is something to be said about enduring the suck when it comes to bodybuilding and learning how to get through it the way we always have. I do think that it's not as simple. I mean, Andrew, you're a high-level coach. You've been doing this for a long time. You've worked with a lot of people and you ran into an issue with this particular lady, you know, and it could happen to many others. I wouldn't just like, hey, I'm hungry and it's really tough. So I'm going to just grow this in. And I think that's the problem that we're running into. As a lot of people are just like, oh, hey, I'll just take this, you know. Let me back to the point of second all because also this wasn't a compound that I saw it out for her to take. Like I was having to work with a hormone replacement company to get her anovar and to get some TRT replacement. And they pushed it on her. Of course they did. So it's a big money maker right now. It's like I drive by my road. There's signs. These big blow up signs that say, someone glued out here, turns up here or wherever you say it here, sold here. Like, you know, $100 a month for injections, stuff like that. And look at society. And society is going to jump all over it because they're all talking amongst themselves. And it's working for the average person because all they're doing is eating less. Now the study that bothered me was that they were saying that an extensive study shows that 40% of the weight loss is actually muscle tissue. That's it. So then when I started to apply, which which makes sense because they're still eating like shit. They're just eating less. Right. It's gastric emptying. It's like that meal that you ate will just slowly digest. It's so much not. Of course you're not going to have blood sugar levels because gastric emptying is, you know, just being slow too. So they're talking amongst themselves. You don't have to do anything different. You can still have your drinks and they lose, you know, 30 pounds, 40 pounds, whatever over the long term. My argument, and this is why I'm intrigued. And my situation I think is a little bit different with my client too because of the higher blood sugar levels. Yes, it could be that pull them off the grow hormone. But the growth hormone dosing isn't really all that high. That would be pulled first if there wasn't this option and we weren't at the same page to try it. But he's also been in a deficit for a while. His loading has been incredibly clean and we're talking like a polky bowl once a week. I mean, we're not talking anything off the, and his carbs are very low. So outside of the growth hormone, there should be no elevated blood sugar levels like that. And with the GH dosing, it arguably still shouldn't be that high anyway. So we're going to give it a shot. We're going to see. My thing is with the weight with the muscle loss. I think that's coming from the study is coming from the gen pop population. It's not training. It's certainly not on any type of gear. They're just not to eat. Because I've seen my clients who train and they're not on gear and they're not having any type of muscle loss. They're gaining their progressing. They may not be progressing like they would be if they were on gear and not using some of which I've put the progression is still there. And you know, you guys know the symptom. It's kind of ironic that I was probably talking to you guys about my one client who had the higher heart rate issues and then you run into that with your with your client. It's like good. And that has to be washed. And in this industry, it can be overlooked or people cannot know that something is small as a small T4 dose that you might be honoring. You might add to the semigruta. It could create resting HR problems and they can be big. It's good. It's good stuff guys. What about before we we left because I know we got to keep it short. We didn't cover one aspect injured. You had a really I think ingenious thought. We got on the last question. The question about DACA causing issues for people. Guy said that every time when you take the shot with DACA in it, you throw up. We got somebody else Matt Blavins. He said that he'd get extremely nauseous from it and he said whether it was DACA and P.P. No matter what had these problems. And I'm impressed by this. This is really it. It was just a meeting at smart. You're clearly smart. But I just literally went shit. It didn't even occur to me. Try to let me know. No, but I mean so keep in mind like I'm not saying I've seen research on this. I'm not saying this is the fact. I'm saying just thinking about the problem and thinking a little bit outside the box. These guys are saying Matt and the other person who asked the question were saying that basically all NANDRALON derivatives are causing this issue of making them feel like they have to throw up or they want to vomit. They feel sick. So I start thinking, okay, there's probably a relationship with some people with NANDRALONS in particular increasing a cost annoyed and cost the clandons to the point where it is causing reverse pairstalsus in terms of making them throw up basically. And then you know, skip you brought up the point of S.A.Cline. And why don't you describe that real quick? S.A.Cline just basically I put it in the category of S.A.O. because it's it's not like oil just volumizes like synth-all, but S.A.Cline actually is used to create. It's the same look you're actually, but it's to create inflammation. And within inflammation comes prostaglandins. That's why when you have a headache, you have inflammation, you have a higher level of prostaglandins and we take ibuprofen to decrease prostaglandins and then you don't have a headache anymore. So if it's a prostaglandin issue with the DACA, then you have to wonder and again I have no idea, but I mean logically I'm thinking take ibuprofen and see if that doesn't knock down that sickness issue. But S.A.Cline and I should be clear on this. S.A.Cline, the reason that I brought that up to is one of the side effects for a lot of people with S.A.Cline is it would make you almost violently want to throw up or you're like your abdominal muscles contract, your stomach contract to try to like you need to throw up. So let me say though, I never knew the S.A.Cline is ascline's like an instantaneous drug. Whereas NPP and it's not instantaneous, it's a shorter ester. Tren you got different esters but mandrelones in general are longer or longer lasting drugs than say S.A.Cline. So it would make sense that you wouldn't see that side effect from the mandrelones until like these guys are describing a couple days later. And if they're taking it you know two to three doses of it a week, they probably get to the point where they're always kind of feeling nauseous, especially when they eat a meal, maybe a higher protein meal, they start to feel that contraction like and even just it can affect you mentally to where you start to gag even if you're not eating. So yeah, there are going to be so spikes. So like 48 hours the guy said 40 hours after he is when he would feel it so boom, you know two days later after that duck ad administration, there you go. And we talked about maybe throwing insides in I mean we don't like to add a compound to counteract the side effect of a compound right? Right. So the next thing you know you're taking a through Z of everything and you have all these other side effects you're managing, it's something you could try but then again you also want to worry about your stomach lining and you want to worry about your liver health. So yeah, the easier the way to do it. But it would come on what it was because if they did respond to it, then at least you would know oh man Andrew's smarter than alcohol because he crossed my mind. Skips dumb ass out there and didn't have any idea. Scott to Scott to. Yeah that was pretty good. Yeah. The very low wattage bulb came out of my head now so Andrew. You know and it's one of those things too that like I mean at the end of the day we don't need every compound we don't need to use every compound right. So if this is the case yeah it'd be like you said great to know taking the Advol figurine it out but at the same time let's use something that doesn't cause this to begin with you know. But try it again for my vanity. Yeah. Yeah. It's a learning. It's just one more thing that you would know versus let's say it doesn't work and then I go back to okay if it doesn't work then maybe it's what we were talking about solvent and or the carrier. Yeah you know also you could be doing some groundbreaking work the things that are not known in this industry because like I'm sure there's two guys in our podcast that just recognize that this is a side effect there's probably hundreds of thousands of guys they have this side effect when they run an angel and they never wondered why their coaches keep telling them to take it so like well I guess I just got a suffer through it you know. Right. No God. Even if we didn't know what we're doing I wouldn't tell somebody to keep I know. I can hit a fifth throw enough so fire that coach if he's whatever he keeps gains gains. I'm going to throw up here you go do it but are you going to lose your gains? Probably not about the gains with the Z we have time for my word doing not of course we we always have the word. The word for this show is Salula quies. You did this one before didn't you? You did this. I don't think so. I did. Yeah. Yes. Oh man okay. Then I got to go back because would you use Salula quatt you could in a sentence? Then let's go with a man you put me on spot. Let's go. Do you have one answer? Can you help me? Because I did this is just get to where to the day. I know but I got caught because I had a list and I thought to myself I'm like I should be making a list of the words that I use. Okay I'll tell you what I'm going to use I'm going to use in sippin. And I'll tell you why. You feel free to say it. You guys know what I'm going to try it. It's just a boring, not thought out, regurgitated thought. Especially politically when you're arguing online people say things it's like a catch phrase or something that might be cliche. Okay in sippin because I just love it. They're my favorite. Of all the words I have there are most of my adjectives. Anyway in sippin it's basically it's just a bland thought list. It's very close to try it. But it's a bland thought list. You're bringing comment that brings nothing to the it's not imaginative it's not it's nothing. It's just in sippin it really came from food like bland tasting food. You know it was in sippin the meal was in sippin or the soon tasting sippin. And then it went to using it more to explain someone's personality their demeanor or comments that they might make. In sippin. Usually it ascends before we go. Well a comment would be in sippin. It's an adjective so it would be that wasn't in sippin. Yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the bland tasteless and in it's sippin soup. Not very imaginative. Boring. This isn't a sippin podcast. Yeah. Right now. But I'm listening. It's not my try to use the same word again. I did not know. That's what our list they're saying to us. I'm going to make a list to make sure I don't do do that. All right that's I got busted. All right we got a round guys thanks for tuning in and we will be back with more leave us questions for the next episode go to teamskip.com you can reach out to skip there. BodyBerry.com you can reach out to Andrew there. McNally. Dietz at gmail.com you can email me over there and of course truenutrition.com you can get your teams get protein over there as well as the MPA muscle intrusion user code thank for digital saving supplement source.ca great deals for Canadians and thank you to everybody from Patreon guys we'll see you soon.