It's all about setting yourself up for progression. So I would always out on side of caution when it comes to picking your loading. I would rather undershoot the weight than overshoot the weight. Keep your red ranges between seven to 12 reps. I think that's the best red range for bodybuilding across the board. Seven to 12. A little bit less in the compound work, a little bit higher in isolation work. If I was to give you your real franges, okay? That is the right range as that will like to set for all of you guys. That's where I think you will make the best progress and be able to most importantly keep your execution tight. The further you are from your natural set on your muscle, the more gear you will lead on fortune to hold it. And that's the reality of it. So I've been giving you an average between 200 to 600 milligram total of antibiotics. And most of that in some cases, it will be testosterone only. In some cases, it will be a mix of testosterone and the HT. For me personally, it's going to be 400 milligrams of test initially for the first two free weeks. And then I will probably add in a 100 milligrams of creamer for a couple of weeks and then my off season begins because based on my blood work, I will not need longer than five weeks in a health phase now. What's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Body Building Media. I'm Scott McNeil. Of course, I am joint again by Kubitelling. We got a bunch of stuff we're going to cover today. Thank you for joining us if you're new to our content. We'd love to have you along for everything. We've got several podcasts. So like share, subscribe, and as Dusty would say, Kubit, what would Dusty say? Ring the bell. You got it, man. You got it. Dude, you're looking pretty sunk in there, man. What's going on? Now listen, man, for me, post-shelf A is an extension of prep. Essentially, the prep that I've had, what was the best prep that I have ever had in my life. 24 week prep, we started prep activity. I ended up on stage up 242. And last year, my lowest point was like 225 this year. My lowest lowest point was 239, I believe, like, depleted. Yeah. So substantial, substantial bit of progress. And to be honest, didn't really push the drugs. Nothing really exotic. I definitely think I could have made more progress just through simply lowering my training volume. I started off with my training volume way too high post show last year. And as I actually brought my training volume down, each phase, I made more and more progress. So that is a lesson that I have taken into this year for this post show phase. But this prep's got it was so easy and so manageable, because I wasn't really a fat when it started. And I was in a very healthy position. I was mentally and physically in a good spot. Blood work was amazing. And blood work actually sustained for our prep. So I was looking for ways to make the prep harder. You said that in the last show. Yeah, I got a bit careful, man. I want to keep doing more. But that's exactly what I did. I definitely, definitely with and relax away because what I ended up doing is instead of doing my normal steps that I would normally do outside, general walk, 10,000 steps, which again, my steps never went above 12,000. What I started doing instead was 40 minutes on the treadmill on an incline walking up five kilometers per hour on a four percent incline, not holding on. And the thing is, it's like a run basically. Because I am super fit. And I sustain a base line activity level year round. That's nothing for me, but my legs just got flatter and flatter. Especially when I was comparing my legs and the off-season versus like prep and be quick. And like I just completely whip it my legs away. But listen to this, listen, listen. Let's just be real. I am still not in a position where I will be creeping into the first call out. I still need at least another 10, 12 pounds and more. So I need to be on stage. Lena, then I was this year, heavier, than a by and of a 10 pounds at least. So this year, I've got to appreciate the progress. I've got to appreciate the package that I've brought. I've got to appreciate the accuracy that I had in prep and the lessons I've had in prep in the peak weeks. But I essentially need to do better. And this is exactly why time has definitely come to maximize this post-show window. And this for me is very much an extension of prep. Post-show, the first meal that I had was free hall eggs, 200 grams of egg whites, a big ball of fruit. And I actually weigh it out and I actually put it in my tracker because that's the way I am. And the thing is for me, it's much easier, especially the post-show to stay locked in. Then it is to eat off plan and be a peak. And next day, I walk up because I was feeling devastated because I actually partially torn my brocaleist tendon and even my right bicep on stage posing in the first round in Germany. So that's some people can touch on. And maybe a little later. But first, I kind of want to go step by step. Yeah. Step by step. Yes, essentially, I always, always treat my post-show phase with the same importance if not more than the prep itself. Because what you do post-show essentially set you up for your entire off season. That five to six window of time that you have post-show is either going to make your off season or break it. Now, I am not telling you guys to not enjoy yourself. I am actually saying the opposite. Your post-show recovery phase is the time to get back to your loved ones. It's a time to spend more time with family, but you have to put strategy in place, especially when it comes to your carific intake around that. Your post-show phase doesn't mean you actually stop your diet. Your post-show phase, you should immediately start your off season diet, which is exactly why I did. Did they, after all my food was cooked and prepped? And the main reason why I didn't really eat off-planet is because I wasn't in the mood. I'll be honest with you, Scott. Because the prep wasn't severe, because I didn't have the push. I took my timing prep. I have no food focus. I didn't use any GLP ones. I didn't control the hunger. I didn't control the food focus. Any point in prep. And I'll be honest, like previous prep's, hunger was extremely high. This year, yes, hunger, you know, I never felt satisfied with meals. And right now I don't feel satisfied with meals. But fat at the matter is, I think, because I'm a soul hyperfocus on the goal still, I think it's someone negates it. But yeah, essentially, I wasn't in the mood to eat off-plan. Normally I would always eat off-plan to allow my body weights come up a little bit, but I'll be honest, I would rather take my time, give it a week or two, build up my actual baseline calories and Scott, when you are patient with this and when you do not drive your body weight through off-plan meals post-show, you would be shocked how quickly you can actually rebuild your calories back up. Oh, absolutely do. Versus if you have that cheat meal, then it's like, well, that we can't do anything else until you deplete again. I will give you an example, right? My client Tom, he's five week post-show now. He didn't really off-plan post-show and listen, I had to tell him to take his message out. I was like, listen, you have to take the life out. So he literally took her out for a steak and brought his own potatoes. Ah, he brought his own potatoes, right? Yeah. So, it start point with calories. Post-show. On training day, it was 3000 and 600 on rest day. It was like 2,900. Okay. Now, we are exactly five weeks post-show. His calories on training day are 4,300. On rest day, 3,400. And his glutes are still fully straighted. Wow. And we have been able to do that in such a short space of time because he controlled his eating and we've actually gone from 99.4 kilos up to 102.1 kilo now. And his condition, his condition has barely changed. Yeah. He just looks fuller, bigger, rounder and genuinely, his transforming, he's just getting bigger and better. So this is where the value of taking a time post-show and really committing to that phase and treating it like your prep is going to bring you so much benefit in guys. Listen, I understand it's very, very hard. And the biggest issue is people often chase the tiety. People expect to feel full after meals post-show because they are food increase. Let me be real with you guys. Do not chase the tiety. You won't hurt them. Not to get fat. It's the only way that it will stop. Like you get fat. And that's where the hunger goes away finally. Now, your position to wear them around the only way to take the home of the way is get fat. But guess what happens? You get fat. Your ability to build muscle diminishes. Oh, yeah. Your interest to be get shot. And the huge thing people opt off them for get the fat you are in my opinion, the less of a response you actually get from engines. You go here to do. I believe that you get a lot more conversion to estrogen from its testosterone dose. And I do believe the more body fat you carry. It's almost like the cycle is less effective. Yeah. I have no scientific explanation. But I have seen this myself and with numerous clients. When you add drugs in and you are already holding a substantial amount of body fat, not much happens. When you are drugs in and you are lean, that is when the magic happens because you have the opportunity then to not only lay the drugs on, but you also have the opportunity then to keep laying on the extra calories as of when you need them. Yeah. Let's give us an example. This can be like a take home for everybody. Let's say you take a guy. He just competed at 190, meaning he walks around it like 220 in the off season, maybe even a little bit heavier than that. So he just got off stage at 190. Let's say he's been eating 200 carbs into the show still. He's able to handle 200 carbs. What would you do with the food then post-contest for, because the main thing I'm trying to get at is how quickly should we increase what would be a good start? Oh man, it's an amazing question. If someone can control themselves post-show and not binge, not drive up a huge amount of body weight through, basically, fucking pizza and burgers, the first step I would love to expand the chain has expanded just high. So let's say he's doing 12,000 steps in 20 minutes of cardio daily. I would remove cardio completely. Out, I would keep probably 20, 40 milligrams of clenium for the first week post show, then I would remove it. I would also add in an extra 100 grams of carbohydrates on his training day and potentially 50, the pending OS cards was on rest day. Let's say first cards was 200 training day 100 rest day. I would probably add 100 on training day and 75 on rest day. Okay, okay. That's the first step. And that's 400 calories added from food alone. Plus you also get some calories that shaved off from the expenditure. So essentially, it's like giving him 600 calorie bump. And I could promise you if he had adhered to the diet, then I would expect to bring in his food back up again by additional 200 calories maybe over probably 10 days if not even a week. So with Tom, he actually started his post show diet. We gave it 10 days and he started losing weight. So we brought his calories up immediately. And then again, seven days going again, we've seen a little rising body weight. Body weight started to hold again. And then, guess what again? He's looking leaner full around her, body weight dips slightly and holds. Guess what? Green light to add more food. Yeah, training performance keeps increasing. Volume stays low, strength increase in energy levels are getting higher. Sleep restored within 10 days. All these things play a massive role and what people often forget is, if you gain too much weight too quickly, your rest in heart rate is crazy elevated. You're holding a lot of water. You're a cover actually diminishes. You start feeling sluggish and your sleep is impaired from that alone. So it's a fine balance that you have to have between gaining just enough body weight to restore your sleep recovery training performance and energy levels without gaining an excessive amount of body weight to the point where you will feel sluggish, ruin your sensitivity and ruin your sleep essentially because you've gained so much weight. You're probably giving yourself sleep up, yeah. And again, you can't get comfortable you're letting bed tossing and turning. All these things play a huge role. Now, I don't like to work in averages. All of coaches like to give like roof guidelines with percentages because realistically, what we have to understand working with real people is if it's going to be different. Yeah, I'm going to be different. I'm going to be different response to that 200 or 100 carburet. Absolutely. Absolutely. Some people might gain it and almost not away of it. Some people might not. Some people might just be at the front of it. And a ball is coming to play. How hard someone trains comes into play. So it's daily routine. Someone's lifestyle. It's like everyone's on this magic convry kick at the moment. But the easiest way to fix your magic convry is sleep lifestyle nutrition. If you stress up, reduce stress, absolutely. If someone's nailing all these variables, magic, magic progress can happen. Yeah. So I don't like to work with averages because some people post show meaning to gain a little bit more than others. And that's fine. You have to assess the response post show for at least a week or two. I like people to still check in with me daily as they have been for pretty much five, six weeks before the show. So that way, I can actually see the biofeedback. I can see how the feeling, I can see how the weight trending, anywhere can make adjustments based of that extra-estase extra food here and that as of what it's needed, especially the fof emails. So you have to work off the feedbacks client, give it a view. However, one bit of feedback that you have to ignore is when a client tells you the hungry. Because nine times out of ten, what you have to understand is hunger and drive to eat and not the same. I mean, something actually had a conversation with someone earlier about because his car is to put it high now. And he's actually eating the seven meals a day. And I was like, dude, you're not hungry. You just have a high drive to eat. Yeah. There is a lag time between your brain and go. When you eat a meal, it takes around 20 minutes for you brain to register that there's actually a fully stomach. Guess what happens, post-prep, when people have a high drive to eat. But you keep eating for that next 20 minutes, right? The kind of super fast, the eats the fast. So they do not even realize that they are eating so fast. The brain hasn't even registered the beaten. So they will not feel like the beaten. But you give yourself a little bit of time, keep drinking water and guess what? You will feel a little bit less hunger. But the reality is guys, post-show, you are not going to feel satisfied or the hunger is not going to go away unless you are ramming in 10 milligrams of drizzap inside a week. And that is just something you have to accept. But the way I look at it, it's more so like, and I don't want to wear it like a budget on it. But I take a lot of pride in nailing the post-show, where I can almost extend that post-show window, where I can do a third to eat off season's got. And that's essentially my plan now. So let me just break down what my pre-liminary plans are now. And I think that will give people a great deal. Let me ask you one more question on the rebound. What do we do with gear? Oh, I know that everybody's going to have a different situation. And part of that is going to be how far out did we start the gear, how hard were they pushing it. But I'd love to hear some scenarios. I'm going to give you an average. OK, yeah. And the average is going to be based of someone's the most skilleture. So someone's size. The average is going to be based off the goals and the previous gear use. OK. And what they actually need to sustain the muscle that they actually have, the further you are from your natural set point with the muscle, the more gear you will need on forging to hold it. And that's the reality of it. So let me give you an average between 200 to 600 milligrams total of antibiotics. And most of that in some cases, it will be testosterone only. In some cases, it will be a mix of testosterone and the DHT. For me, personally, it's going to be 400 milligrams of test initially for the first two free weeks. And then I will probably add in 100 milligrams of pre-mum for a couple of weeks. And then my offseason begins. Because based off my blood work, I will not need longer than five weeks in a health phase now. OK. That's my example. But I have clients where this will range between 200 milligrams of test out stroke, which is almost a legit TRT, or two 600 milligrams, because guess what? If someone is stepping on stage at 250 pounds, 260 pounds, they are not going to hold their muscle on 200 milligrams of gear. That's just burial. Groth hormone between five to 10 I use. I think if you are looking to actually get benefits of groth hormone, over-than-h-h-h-h, which is hormone replacement, I think you need to be doing more than four I use. Really, that's OK. So groth hormone post shell, I like to leverage it. And if someone, if someone can afford it, I would always say, listen, we'll use less antibiotics, and we'll use more groth hormone in this phase. You will feel fuller, you will recover better, we'll keep that condition, and then we can always scale back the raw groth hormone use in the offseason portrait phase if we need to. Yep, commutral. I do not like to remove commutral completely straight away. I like to taper it down again. I never remove clen completely, because it does skew electrolytes. So one thing you'll notice is, someone will always get a lot of it soft, they'll when you remove clenched right away. Yeah. So I tend to keep in a very low dose of clen in the peak week. And when someone's ready, I will always reduce the clen from the doses they needed to use for fat loss down to a maintenance dose of even 40 or 20 micrograms daily. I will extend that post show. And then I will remove it a week to 10 days after. This way, you don't just get an instant rebound with removing everything, with a lot of people that do, right? And it's like, and then they wonder why we play to the lock of bag of potatoes, because one of the probably bench to remove clen and all the other drugs that they were taken and they've got like a double line. Yeah. Fire right. If someone's using a HRT level of fire right or you have to have use fire right in prep, I personally do not use fire right above physiological level. So I do not leverage fire right for fat loss. I do not believe fire right is a great tool for fat loss. It's a great tool to lose muscle. If that's you go, but personally, the max with fire reduce, I will go like 30, 70 free and 150, 4. And ideally, I will always have clients check the blood work. And I will always want the fire to sit in mid to upper range. And never want that fire on sitting in above physiological levels. That cost to benefit really starts going down. I think you're right above that like 37.5. Absolutely. You can definitely get more fat loss. But yeah, that's where you start risking more flatness, more muscle loss in the process too. More flatness, worse recovery, worse sleep. Very high risk in heart rate. It's just not what you want. Yeah. Post show. I think you should not remove fire out immediately. The quickest way to recover your fire road function is through an increase in carbohydrates and your body weight. So your body weight, if you have used fire road, even a HRT doses, and you while looking to remove it, you need to have some time spent in a calorie surplus. You need to allow your body weight to come up because guess what? Your fire rate, essentially, is all about keeping your metabolism in a baseline level. Right? Right. What is going to increase your metabolism score? Food. Food. Body weight and food. Yeah. More your way, the high metabolism. More your carbohydrate to eat. The quicker your fire rate or comments, therefore, it doesn't make sense to remove your fire road when you are eating a low amount of carbohydrates. Guess what will happen? Your energy levels will dip and you likely will have that fire rate dip. And that then does not give you the opportunity to one, recover your fire rate optimally. But also, it doesn't give you an opportunity to get your calories back home. Yeah. So it's a double line. I'm trying to cover things later about let by layer here just so covering our bases with obviously the antibiotics, fire rate, clan, what else? Elcarnity. I love our level of carnity. And I do think it's something that can be used. If you have used stuff like SLUPP, any mitochondrial function stack, keep it in post show. Again, it gives you an opportunity to maintain and improve your metabolism. And it gives you an opportunity to think again, recover quicker. It's through being able to add more food quicker. 100%. If anything, if someone hasn't used any of the mitochondrial function stacks, it could be a potential idea to even introduce it post show. It would be a lot of it's going to keep you. 100%. It would allow you to stay leaner and it would allow you to simply eat more food. I love the idea too. If you start there, because I even we talked about it before, starting at before we start the off season. So you're already preparing for that off season right now, right? Yeah, absolutely. And that's it. You can always lower it when the off season starts. So let's try using SLUPP. If you use that 500 milligrams in prep, keep that 500 milligrams in post show. And then you can always remove it or drop it down to 250 when you start your off season. Yeah. So these are the things that you can also leverage post show. I love injector locality for me to great rate tool. I definitely think potentially if someone is struggling with appetite and if I have a client that I know, is going to binge, I'm not against GLPs. Listen, naturally everyone has a very different appetite, naturally everyone has a very different draught to eat. If I have a chance or an opportunity to have someone reduce some of that food noise down and prevent them from binging, guess what? I'll take all day long because the most damaged you see athletes have within their blood work is always the diet. It's never the drugs. Yeah. Yes, absolutely. I have, I have literally probably 1000, 1000 sets of blood work. I would probably give you, if you gave me five minutes legit, I could give you 50 examples of guys that I've worked with in past and current, with using vanilla told drugs, but eating shit, yeah, yeah, the blood work is trashed. And then I can give you 50 more examples of guys with pristine diets, taking between two to three grams of gear, and their blood work is significantly better than the guys with the shit diet. Yeah, no, I can see where you're coming from then. That's the point. Yeah. So listen, we're always circling back right. We're all circling back to diet and training, diet and training, not the drugs. Remember guys, when we talk about these things, one thing I want you to understand is the importance of diet and drugs, and the fucking highlight, the most important thing now that you need to be focusing on is productive training post show. Last year, guess what my total volume was per session on average. I don't know, but I was going to ask you there, because you said you, you, you, you, you ended up doing too much, right? Wait too much, I started off a like 20 working sets on average per session. Okay, okay, now that's total for everything, everything you're training, any, any, that was a body part. I'll push that you, I think it was like 21 sets, I pulled that I think it was the same, and I think a leg day was like 17 sets. Okay, yeah, we did do a breakdown of that. I remembered thinking like, okay, but then at the same time, I was like, well, I guess Kubo's a pro, he handles a lot more volume than I do. You know, that's that was what I thought. No, no, no, the more accurate you get, the stronger you get, the better execution, the less volume you need. Yeah, for sure. I, I have literally wasted progress with the volume that I was running. So let me break down my current volume post show for you. Pull up push likes three days on one day off. 12 work in sets on push day. 13 working sets on pull day and that is only two work in sets of bicep at the moment, only left bicep. 10 work in sets on one of the like days and 11 work in sets on the second leg day. Okay, so the total sets, the total sets for the week, if we break down the week is 17, 71 work in sets. So that how many how many days are you training there this split per week three days on one day off. Okay, I got you. So essentially, your training volume isn't just your number of sets. Your training volume is your intensity. Your training volume is your range of motion. Your training volume is your proximity to failure. So how hard you train makes your training volume. So you have to understand this guys. The better execution, less sets you need. Harder your train, less sets you need. The better it's a self, less sets you need as well. More training frequency, more training frequency to the more often you train, less sets you need per session as well. I would even go as far as say that your biome isn't low still by any means. You know what I mean? No, but, but no set is taken past failure. Okay, stop every single set. The second I am unable to complete another rep without my execution Oh dude, we're going full circle. I think this was our first episode. Yes. Yes. You guys have to go back if you didn't see that one because you outlined exactly how you plan your training through the post site or excuse me, post contest into the off season into the contest again. So you're not doing any intensifiers that means right now. Are you still using machines over free weights for things like a pressing movement? Amazing questions. Amazing questions. Let's get stuck in. Okay. Right. No intensifiers all. I am not a fan of intensifiers because it doesn't actually give me a quantifier, but I have a progression. I track all my lifts with using a logbook. So I want to have consistency in tracking my data. If I am unable to progress my logbook, it will be down to either not being accurate with my volume or potential last other factors. However, I'm dialed in. So let's forget about that. Right. Nutrition, hydration, routine, sleep, everything point. Right. If everything is on point, my logbook will tell me if I'm doing too much volume because I'm not able to progress my lifts. If I am adding intensifiers just randomly, or if I'm adding intensifiers in general, there are a coverage demand that is placed on me. Doing the number of work and of sets that I have caught in my program would be too much. I could get away with doing drop sets or response sets and by the way, I only like response sets. I don't like drop sets. I don't like the idea of using less weight. So let's just say for sake of intensifiers. If I was to add response sets, I would need to lower my actual volume significantly. I would probably need to shave off four work in sets out of that each exercise. Sorry, out of the hits session. However, Scott, my argument then would be, I'm doing less sets. I'm doing more intensifiers for, I am already like pressing almost half a ton. Doing a response sound like press without much weight. Does it not make sense to just not do that as a pulse set and just do another set? Get the volume in without, here's the term I've been thinking of a lot lately is that every time we go to hard failure, we're smashing the CNS. Right. And so if you can get, I mean, every time we do a response, if we're doing like a traditional DC response, you are hitting failure, hard failure, hard, hard failure three times. Yeah, I'm all for this at this stage. I think that at other stages, man, I love response. Yeah, but guess what? If I do a response set, I'm not able to train with a frequency. I've got, I'm not able to train because I'm for me personally when I switch to three days on one day off with lower volume. Okay. It was like new beginnings again. I honest with the progress like I haven't done any years. I love it, dude. So, for me, pulse shell phase is all about setting your baseline with training. Yeah. No intensifiers, lower volume, lower intensity to the degree. It is your opportunity now to improve your training execution, improve your exercise setup, improve your skill. And it's all about setting yourself up for progression. So, I would always on side of caution when it comes to picking your loading. I would rather undershoot the weight than overshoot the weight. Keep your rep ranges between 7 to 12 reps. I think that's the best rep range for bodybuilding across the board. 7 to 12. A little bit less in the compound work, a little bit higher in isolation work. If I was to give you rough ranges. Okay. That is the rep ranges that I would like to set for all of you guys. That's what I think you will make the best progress and be able to most importantly keep your execution tight. If I was to tell you to get on a hot squat and tell you to do 12 perfect repetitions. Guess what? By the 7th rate rep, your execution is breaking down. You're not going to be able to have the gas tank to be able to complete them reps with perfect execution. And then guess what? If you're on a hot squat, trying to get 11 to 12 reps and your execution breaks down, that's when it just happened. So, picking appropriate rep ranges for appropriate exercises, isn't just about having productive progress. It's a safety measure. Sometimes actually training heavier in slightly lower rep range is actually going to keep you safer because the likelihood of you breaking down your execution in said lift is much lower when you only have 7 perfect reps to get in comparison to trying to get 12. Do you follow me? Okay. Yeah, I mean, I've got, I don't agree 100% honest, but I don't think we have to. Do you know what I mean? Tell me what you don't agree with. And we're kind of a second question. I'm okay with higher rep ranges in there. I'd be okay even taking it up to 20 to be honest. Depends on the individual, you know what I'm saying? Like exactly because for me to do 20 reps on a hot squat, I still need to pull a lot of weight on it. So the risk is just not worth it. Also, if I'm doing 20 reps on a hot squat, the CNS demand on that will be huge. And I'll give you an example on this. I did a set. The best set that I did for like higher rep work was 14 or 15 reps or six plates on the side of its hack. Okay. I was wrecked for like 10 days when I did that set. Yeah, you can get a lot out of each rep that you're doing, you know, and yeah, so I, it's higher in your company. It's just each rep period, you know, that's, you know what I'm saying? Let me just do a comparison of observation of mine. I did a seven-plate hack squat on the side X for five reps and I was able to train legs again in four, five days time. Okay. Yeah. And when I say you, I mean you specifically, like you were well trained. Yeah. You're getting a lot out of every rep probably more than a lot of our listeners. Absolutely, you know. Essentially, as someone's skill in training and intensity gets higher, I would always sit in slightly more appropriate ranges. I think higher at work does habits merit for isolation exercises mostly where you are going to be safer going in higher at ranges. And other reason why I am not fan of higher at work post show is simply you don't have enough fuel to facilitate that sort of right away. Rep range. That's a great point. You are just not being enough food. You are just not being enough food. You are just not being enough food, yeah. And guess what, post show, you are still not fully recovered to be able to actually go into those higher rep ranges. So you need to understand that working appropriate rep range is going to facilitate your training recovery and facilitate your ability to progress at that moment in time. And guess what, if you nail down your nutrition, your rate of gain, your training volume, your drugs out, post show, I truly believe even in that phase you have an opportunity to be able to gain some muscle. Oh yeah. Yeah, I think it's totally possible. Is that anything of a risk? Or have we just covered it like, talks about it now? I think that was pretty solid. I think that was good. If anybody has questions though, you guys comment, let us know. Absolutely. If I have missed anything, guys, I apologize. And if I have missed anything, comment below and mean Scarlet will definitely cover it. So what's the next subject? You were going to go over, well, you were talking about your setup individually. Did we cover all of that? Yeah, so 400 tests, 100 pre-move, 10 news of GH, 10,000 steps, 10,000 steps daily, my current calories on training day. And I've actually probably gone to bump them higher because I actually dropped weight. Yeah, like I told you, it's Thursday now, so I've been on Plans since Monday, the show was in Sunday. And I've actually dropped weight down to two foot. So I stepped to the stage at 242 Sunday morning. And my weight came down to 241.5 Monday, 241.7 Tuesday, 241.3 Wednesday. And today, I actually came down to 240. And my current diet is training day, 4,300 calories, 337 grams of protein, 638 grams of carbs, 54 fat. Rest day is 3,464 calories, 348 protein, 396 carbs, 54 fat. So I'll be honest, both days training day and rest day are probably going to need at least 200 calories. So I'll probably go an extra 40 carb and maybe 5, 5 to 10 fat, both days. Okay. Is there anything else? I've got to train it. I have an eye. Yeah, I think I've got to train it. What I'm doing training was. Yeah, training recap, pull push likes, 13 working sets on pull days, 12 working sets on push days, 11 slash that work. And that's on the light days. Let me ask you this. So moving forward, you know, obviously you're thinking about what the next phase is going to be. You said they'll be like this five to six week break before you begin your off season. And you know, maybe we can read dress then, but do you have an idea on how training is going to change when you hit that stage? Oh, or is that something where you have to get through this to first see, you know what I'm saying? Great question. See, when you start with somewhat null of volume that you used to, it gives you an opportunity to actually increase your volume. It's much easier for someone to increase that volume than the crease that volume isn't it? Yeah. So as my food and gear comes up, my volume may increase, but it wouldn't be an extra free full working set. So I wouldn't go from 12 working sets to 15 working sets. I would literally add in one working set procession. Okay. So on push day, I would take my volume to 13 working sets. On pull day, I would take my volume to 14 working sets. On light day, I would take my volume to 11 slash 12 working sets. And the addition of the volume would be to my weaker areas only. So where I will add the volume will be one extra set of artwork, one extra set of chess work, one extra set of court work. Okay. Done. And then I add one working set. I go through a training block of six to seven weeks. I assess the progression. If all lifts are still moving up, guess what? If I'm going to cover you well, I may add it over set. Again, add in it to the areas that I need most. Yeah. So your training volume can increase. However, it all depends on the feedback that I get with my recovery and my love book. Right. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. That makes sense. And that's something I think too. It'll be kind of cool to revisit that down the road, you know, six, eight weeks from now. We're going to definitely do that. And like we're going to set a reminder that eight weeks time because if they weeks time, I will be in my push-up. So we can do like a reminder or where my food is and where my training volume is and how I've made the progressions and what to do in case they're in trouble shooting and how to actually take it there. Now, my suggestion on how to increase your calories, guys, is I am 242 pounds. So for me, to make a difference in my calorific intake to get the needle moving forward, I need at least 200, 250 calories added to get me moving forward. If you are 150 pound female watching this, you do not need 250 calories added. You probably don't need 150, 100 to get the needle moving. If you're a 190 pound bodybuilder, guess what? Same again. You probably don't need 30 grams of carbs adding and you're going to move again. And again, 30 grams of carbohydrates is what 30 times 4. That's 120 calories. Right? You are better off going slower than faster. Both with the changes that you make and with your rate of gain. Because guess what? You take your food up by 400 calories. You're probably not going to pull it back. But you're probably game 4.5 pounds quicker than you would have and should have. Yeah, yeah, and you can't undo the fat as easily in an hour and you get it. And guess what? If you add the 120 calories and you don't see any movement, add it over 100. It's much easier to go slower because then you have more control over the rate of gain as well. And to me, it's just more logical to do it as opposed to just making a change. That's a huge change. I do prefer to make especially after and that's an of one. Post show, right? You will make multiple changes at one time. It will be a reduction of cardio, a reduction in drugs and increasing calories. It's a multitude of changes that then put you in a calorie surplus. Once you have made that change, I would always out on side of caution when it comes to making changes and I would always prefer to try to stick to making at least one to two changes at a time. So the next change that you make, if your cardio expenditure is still high, lower only expenditure. Yeah, the next change that you make only add a little bit more food. Go step by step. So you can actually see what's making the difference and what's actually moving the needle forward with your progression. Is it the food? Is it learning expenditure? Is it training volume? Doctrine may call the change the once. Be patient. Being that's a huge, huge thing people lack, especially the post show. You're not looking to grow tons of muscle. That post show window is preparing your body for lift off. You gain healthy. You're signing up your training. You're signing up your execution. You rebuild your food. You're rebuilding your social life. You're sleep. All of these things that are going to help you essentially make more progress on the side. Yeah, yeah, take care of your bills. Take care of your house. All of those things too. The things that, you know, we try to be 100% but you get closer to the show. Some of those things slip. I've got a question for you and I think this might trigger you. We talked about this on it's just bodybuilding with you before. But this came up with a client today. I think about six weeks out right now. We addressed his caffeine intake. It is very close. He's struggling with sleep. He trains later in the day. He already knows. He doesn't need the lecture. We talked in depth this morning. Here's a thing, man. He's in this place now where we can't just pull it all out and stop. It's kind of too late that boat that ship has kind of sailed to reset everything. You know what I'm saying? So we're tapering it back, working damage control. But my concern is that he's in the state right now getting insomnia and he's always dealt with sleep issues that I think that the cortisol is like he's in the early stages of adrenal fatigue. And we can get through this prep managing that. But I've seen it happen. In fact, I've seen it happen recently of somebody who had a real struggle with bringing those doses down at Stimbs. First, I would order what caffeine sources he's using and I would only switch the caffeine on Lee coffee, just coffee. But to be honest, in his case, I would actually make him take three days of training and I would make him go cold turkey. So the only way now for him to get back on track is taking days off. Three days complete rest. Bring his calories back to maintenance. So he has the energy to be able to not rely on the caffeine. If he enjoys the caffeine, switch to decaffeinated sources. So the have to decaffe coffee to keep him going. And I would also order soft drinks. Again, I've done a lecture on my YouTube on caffeine intake and I've done a separate in depth lecture for my mentorship and my clients on caffeine intake because people often forget that there's actually caffeine and stuff like diet coke. And people drink in a leech of that coke before a badge. And it's like, yes, you drink in a lot of caffeine that may. So you told me, I want to step you back even before that. Let's go to the beginning of prep. You know, at the end of the day, caffeine is a performance enhancing drunk. Like there has been studies to show man, you get increased performance. We're in I was thinking about it this morning. This is like some early morning waking up thoughts today. We don't want to, we don't want to sacrifice performance as we are dieting into a show. And we want to do anything we can to keep pushing and it's very easy then to get caught in that trap, especially with like the popularity of pre-workouts, the availability, energy drinks, all of that. So what would you say is a good regimen going into the prep with when it comes to over-the-counter stems or just stems in general? I don't use stems that is wrong. Zero stimulants and general law. My energy levels can prep. We're great until about 4 p.m. and 4 p.m. that's when I was and that's something I've noticed with clients as well. The second I remove all stimulants and I do that before prep. And I always do that with most clients that are first they come as a scale they're different back. The drugs that caffeine intake everything. I don't use stimulants. I just use straight caffeine, straight coffee and pump products. And then I do use new tropics as well. If needed. Okay. Yeah. I don't use stimulants at all because the cost to benefit isn't worth the trade off, especially for guys that are stronger and bigger. The neurological drive that they get from stimulants is counterproductive for them. One, they overshoot and end up over training and over stimulating themselves in the gym, which then impacts the training recovery, impacts the fat loss because fatigue so high and then again sleep is in the bin. So again, fat loss just gets worse and worse. And what is the golden prep? The goal is sustain and training performance. And the goal is making sure that a sleep stays protected. It doesn't matter how much caffeine intake. If your sleep is in the bin, there's no amount of caffeine, no amount of drugs, no amount of all else, no amount of trend that's going to save you. Yeah. So I essentially scale back the intake of caffeine and I switch everyone over onto just caffeine. No monsters, nothing like that. And the difference that I noticed in the general sustained energy levels throughout day is huge. And yes, you do get a performance benefit from caffeine. However, all of the studies show anything above 200 or 200 or 250 milligrams in one hit is actually counterproductive. It's a lot, man. So a 200 milligrams is it's not though. It's four shots of espresso. That's a lot. People are doing it, but it's a lot. People drink it constantly. So it's definitely something that I ordered. As a reference point, in terms of caffeine intake, free to five milligrams per kilogram of body weight. I think it's a sweet spot. And if that's still in the higher side. Yeah. All right. Yeah. I'm good with that. I think that's good. I had one other question related to that topic. I can't remember what it was off hand. But I had seen both sides of it. And I had seen both sides of it in my own preps, man. And I can tell you that over-stimming by the end, that's where I felt the most fatigued by the end of the prep. And definitely, man. It's like, I know a guy who has Hashimoto's and he doesn't produce cortisol. He literally can't get up out of bed in the morning until he takes his prescription cortisol. And you can drive yourself to that place. I think a lot of the issues we run into in our preps with fatigue are related to because we want to, we don't want to take our foot off the gas. So we hit the button instead of it's just accepting where we're at. You know. Paul fatigue management ended a day like in that instance when someone's already overdoin the stems. The only way to get him fixed is complete rest. Coward is at maintenance, free days rest, resetting him. And then guess what? After that, he will feel so much better. And I can probably put money on it. He'll probably lose weight from eating more and resting. And yeah, in a look matter. He's probably inflamed. It's probably super fatigued. He's probably not sleeping. First day of higher food and no caffeine. He's going to sleep like a baby. Especially if you give him a little bit more carbohydrates before bed. Lights out. Lights out. Good night. Yeah. It's a, there's a lot going on there. So I won't get into it too much for all that. I know we had, we had talked about that before and it's just bodybuilding with you. So I was like, I want to get to Cuba talking about that. Hey, listen, there's one other thing I did have to ask you about. So you said you only train your training right now. You explained your breakdown. You're like, I'm doing two sets of biceps on one bicep. Why are you only training one bicep, Cuba? And why are there people saying get well soon, man, in the comments here. It's be recovery. I, uh, I told my brockalis, partially told my brockalis tendon posing on stage on my first round of comparisons in Germany. God. So, but check this out. I contacted Ali Nirani that day. Monday at 4 p.m. I was on the flight home. Tuesday, I was in London at his office at 11 30. By 5 p.m. I had an MRI of my right shoulder, my whole right arm. I had an x-ray of both of my shoulders. I had a consultation with him. And his radiologist already gave him the breakdown of what she saw in the ultrasound. The following morning, he was on the phone to me, already given me a lowdown of what's going on, saying look, is 90% show main on surgery, but he doesn't want to complete the rule it out. He's going to let me know and review everything I sat. But he's been keeping in touch with me, keeping me calm. So, I essentially have been doing rehab work on my right arm already. Okay. All the peptides on the growth obviously. So, listen, shit happens. I'm fortunate enough to be able to train still. And it's not the first time. I mean, I've got an ingio of recialis because I actually got stabbed in my left arm in 2017, free weeks out. And I still managed to make the show and I trained through it. So, you told us that story one long time. No, maybe you told me that story off the air once. That's what it was. Yeah. So, there is no real, like you can't really see it, but you can see it on the ultrasound MRI where there's a rupture to the tendon. But locally, both my bicep tendons are perfect. So, there's zero damage to the actual bicep tendon. It's literally just a brachialis tendon rupture. So, a partial tear of the brachialis tendon MRI. And I did it doing a more muscular. That's crazy man. That's so good. And you knew it the minute you hit it. You're like, oh, shit, this is bad. I felt a pop. Yeah, I felt a pop. And that wasn't the first round comparisons. I had to then come off stage and do my individual. So, I did main individual with it already as well. But then I came off stage. When it first happened, I nearly passed out. Like, I felt like my feet nearly went away from under me. Like, you know, that gut feeling you get, like, when your stomach drops, I felt sick. I was like, fuck, my arm. I don't know what's happened. And you know, you get worse than another straight away in your head. Yeah. I did main individuals. Meck came over after and she was like, what's up? Because she could tell something was wrong. I was like, I think I've just fought my arm. I was like, what do I do? What do I do? Do I go back out? Like, what do I do? And I've got straight to the ambulance. I was going to a hospital that day. But he would have just been a waste of time. Instead, I got in contact with him that day. Massive Charlotte Tobacco, who's like, I would have systemed. She next day, she was on the phone, sort of, in an out from me as well. So all the point when I finished with set. So yeah. And literally, Monday night, that night, Dave actually had some peptides as well. Yeah, left over. And I message Dave straight away. I was like, Dave, what's the best protocol? blah blah blah, I was like, okay, put that in. So locally, I had some BPC and TB 500 already. But again, I'll be peptides and perform effect tides, both semi-care packages. So I'm all peptide up. So peptides are going nice. So yeah, we're going to be good to go. Guys, I'm going to stick man. I'm going to start. Right. Let's get out of here. Hi, Pope. Oh, shit. Let's get out of here. Real quick. We're done with this thing. Anyway, guys, reach out to Cuba for coaching. You can follow his YouTube. I've got all that stuff linked below. Of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. Leave us questions for the next show. And Cuba, man. I do it. I'm glad you're in one piece, brother. I'm glad you're going to get through this without any problems. I'm sure 20 freaking pounds plus on stages in absolutely incredible feet to have gained in one year, man. Like, I don't know if people who don't compete can't realize how big that is. And I'm looking forward to seeing you do it again, man. Guys, we'll leave back again soon with a number of one and we'll go into anything you need in depth. And hopefully we'll get some great questions up the back of this one that we can call up. And I'm pretty sure we've got some questions from last one as well that we do need to call us. So it might be a bit more of a Q&A episode. So guys, thank you so much. And we'll get to see you again soon.