You're way of step on the accelerator. One way is with con-computer all. Binds the knacked-to-dates, the beta-tools. If you want to release the brake, you need to inhibit the affatools. And that's what your him-been does. And what role-loss key also does. So you can step on the accelerator and release the brake by using con-viewed-rawl and you him-been together. What's up guys? Welcome back to Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNeely and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you guys for supporting our programming. We are also brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. You could use our code Think on High Quality Protein. High Quality Interworkouts, like highly-brings-cyclic-dextrin slash cluster-dextrin. Get wholesale prices over there, basically. Versus getting it from a company that bought it from a company that bought it from TrueNutrition. Also, we're brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. Of course, last but not least, I can't forget. We just had so many comments the other day on Instagram. I got tagged in it. Somebody was very grateful that they bought the book, Be Your Own Body Building Coach. You can go to beyobbcoach.com. I don't have links in the description. You can go and buy the hardcover. You don't have to get the hardcover and Amazon. Scott, what's going on man? It's Sunday, baby. It's Sunday. I guess this is Fat Burner Day. It's like, yeah, it's good. Whether it's getting warmer, it's always warm, right? But it's like, okay, it's bring break, beach time. It's the cyclical flow of questions. Yeah. So thank you to Cat Rush. I hope everyone wants to get huge, right? Everyone's to bulk up and I was like, oh my god, I got fat. Right? Time to strike down. The diversion of the New Year's Resolutioners. Yeah. You come in during January and then they're gone in a month. Time to shred down now. It's time to shred down. You get shredded. We got it. Really, basically an entire outline from ash over on Instagram. He DMed us and I thought to myself, hey, this is really a great topic. He put a lot of thought into a series of questions related to fat burners. And his first part was he said, can you do a video on stimulants slash metabolic stimulants? And from here, he, I'll give you the intro part. He says use in contest prep. If they should be used off season and went to avoid stimulants. So I mean, if we're going to get into that, should we first talk about the different categories of, let's instead of saying stimulus, maybe fat burners got? Yeah. That's some of the different things that you've got. You've got things that grow hormones to create a grugs or grow hormone, which stimulates like polysis. You've got things like someone asked about DNP, so we got DNP or us and the acid is actually out there as used to be something you get in a supplement as a, a, a, a, a couple of a boxated phosphorylation. Then you've got stimulants. We've got compounds that would just stimulate the CNS and have an anorexic effect. Not turn into turning into something with an eating disorder, but limit your appetite. And that's going to have an effect if it's easier to stick to your diet. You just eat less, you know, normally would, even if you were on a diet. And then you've got thermogenic effects. And those would come from, from stimulants that basically are sympathetic, so they mimic the sympathetic nervous system, which is what generally is gets, or one of the main ways in which when we're on a diet, the sympathetic nervous system gets turned on, so liberate fatty acids. So those can, from the adipose, if things are going right. So that those can be oxidized in place of the fuel that we're not getting in the diet. So yeah, you've got growth hormone does it. And that's really growth hormones identity as an exogenous hormone. In individuals who aren't supplementing with GH, or it's an exogenous TH is as fuel regulator. So during exercise, we see GH go up, it helps with that liberation during sleep. We see GH go up, it helps with that regulation. But it's not really acting in endogenous levels as to promote growth, for say, because your organ is not growing unless you're someone who's got a GH disorder, you've got acromagaly, that's, you've got some sort of a pituitary tumor, or what have you. And then you're going to just keep growing because your growth plates haven't ever fused because of that continuous excess growth hormone. So we got that, the uncoplers, that's kind of, you can see uncopling in things that aren't direct uncoplers with DNP, that's why everyone loves DNP, right? All it does is it creates inefficiency in the conversion of the fuel, the energy in your fuel and your food as is converted to ATP. So basically it makes your mitochondria less efficient. So you have to oxidize and break down more fuel, more body fat, in order to get the wreck was the ATP. It works at a very, very basic metabolic level. It's probably DNP, I don't even really want to address that question, like the lowest effective dose, because you can screw that one up. And I've never prescribed that or suggested that with somebody that's, I always, I know people do it and people get away with it, but also creates, as you know, you probably talked about this on how many times and drugs and stuff, right? And also blood sweat and gear, DNP, it creates free radical stress, not the healthiest of compounds. There's inherent in our metabolism is the production of some free radicals. Happens when we train as far the training stress, it happens, you more oxidated, phosphorylation you have, the more oxidative metabolism you have, so like, you have some producer dieting down, is that what you mean by that? No, the more you're consuming fuel, okay. So the higher your metabolic rate, there's some like 3% 1% I've seen up to 1% between 1 and 5% I don't think it's high as 5, but 1, 2, 3% I forget to get that number. But of the oxygen that would normally go to producing was called metabolic water, so you boxed ice your fuel, all these really cool, transformed it of changes from potential into versions of potential energy to get ATP. And then hydrogen and oxygen combined of warm water, metabolic water, but every once in a while, some small percentage you get a super oxide radical. So you're producing the fashion metabolism, the more free radical you produce. So that's why for instance, in the aging world, in georontology, you're looking at the biology of aging, you can do things like genetically engineer, just softflhamelanagast or fruit flies to upregulate their free radical quenching ends, and they have a longer lifespan. So they live longer. So like one of the things, like I was just sort of thinking about this, caffeine was one of the compounds that's a number of different things actually, but it would be considered some path of medicine, it's a stimulant of cnessdemulin. But there's some evidence that I don't know the ins and outs of that pedemiology to poke holes in it and see to what extent this is mechanistic, but there's evidence that drinking coffee, and even in some of those studies, people were drinking decaffinated coffee, but that coffee can increase life expectancy. Really? But it's now going to change life span. I don't think so in life span, sometimes you see these words, sorry, I got a little puppy or needs attention now. Some of these words that used to anonymous, it's a lifespan. Oh, sweet, you got a patron. Life span is in the geological world means that for a given species, the long, long lividness of that species. So how long could an individual in that species live? So I think 122 years is the record by a woman. Life expectancy is typically like a 50% of a given population is died off. So your life expectancy would be 72 for a human. So increasing life span is different than increasing life expectancy. If you do things that are healthy, you don't smoke, you don't drink, what do you do? You're going to have a potentially a longer life expectancy, but it doesn't mean that you're going to increase your life span. So coffee actually may be because it has these antioxidant in it, which I talked about a few podcasts back, might be somehow affecting life expectancy. I don't think if you drink coffee, you're going to live to be 150. But there's potentially a lifespan impact there that manifests statistically as an increase in life expectancy, which is the epidemiological research suggests. You were kind of spitting off from DNP and you said, so you would said, and I just want to be clear here. One thing too is that having coached for about 15 years now and obviously done bodybuilding for longer than that, having competed for a long time, I wanted to be able to also I could share some of my real world experience with some of these things pros and cons. But just to be clear, DNP will not improve your life expectancy. Correct. Is that what you're looking at? I wouldn't expect that. Okay. Well, I have heard somebody say that that it will actually improve your life expectancy in your life, you know, that you'll live longer than it's helping you to build mitochondria as what I heard this coach say in that. I just wanted to be clear. Yeah, there's probably impact on mitochondrial biogenesis because it creates an energy demand. Okay. So exercise, crates and energy demand, we're getting more mitochondria because of that. So you exist in sexes. But the conclusion then was that then you're going to it's going to be healthy for you to take it. I think that's a false conclusion. I mean, I would not expect that whatsoever for two reasons. There's a whole, like, longevity and the theories of biological aging, there's like hundreds of theories that people have out there, right? But the couple, the main ones, one of them is the rate of living theory. So the faster you live with a higher, you're going to metabolic rate, shorter your life expected of lifespan. So you see this like in smaller animals. Don't live as long as large animals, right? So, but there's some kind of exceptions to that. So this is kind of funny. I remember some things from long ago. There's also this free radical idea and that comes from those experiments with animals that have been genetically modified to do a better job of quantum free radicals. So DNP increases your life, increases your rate of living so to speak, it increases metabolism. That speaks against that general notion we see cross species and it also increases free radical production, which would also not be who of you in terms of living longer. Okay. So we're free radicals, yeah, oxidative stress. There's kind of cool if you compare, I believe it's pigeons and parrots. They're roughly about the same body size. So you look across small to large animals in terms of how long they live. And those two are to compare them, I believe it's, if I remember correctly, parrots have enhanced free radical quenching ability. They tend to live really long. Yeah, pigeons live like two or three years or something like that, right? And who knows that may have evolved evolutionarily, but you know, because of where pigeons live, you know, a lot of times they're in, yeah, in places where it's better to have a faster turnover to adapt to whatever is going on in the environment, because it's less stable, maybe they're living urban areas or whatever. But anyway, so that's, so that's kind of an interesting little anecdote about the importance of free radical production. So, okay. Yeah, I wouldn't take DNP expecting you to live longer, especially, I mean, it should just make you feel awful. Right. There's so many horrible stories. I read it two times personally, I've never had any clients use it. And here's been my thought scout just from a practical standpoint is that I've been able to get people into like incredible shape, right? To you can, if you can diet somebody down to be the absolutely newest person in the contests, then there's no reason that you need to use DNP as well. You know what I mean? I feel like we have plenty of other tools through starting out with diet and, you know, diet and cardio being the first two. And then from there, there's so many more options. And then there's the element of time to the longer you do these things. Usually it's the guys who are in the best shape started out laying and then they dieted the longest. You know what I mean? A lot of times, then it's up being the case. My experience was using it in two different fashions. Once was early in the contest prep. And early ear, I should say, I was maybe 10 weeks out. And so I already was making progress and things were moving along. I was getting the fat loss. I wanted to use DNP for, I think it was a short period, like five, seven days. And I used S2H as protocol with the fruit and everything else. When I came off of it, I had fast forwarded several pounds. I had definitely lost several pounds of fat through doing it. But then it took me another two weeks to get back into the groove that I had been in, which I feel like it just kind of, if I would have just, I sped up for sure. But then it took me a while to figure out, okay, well, what's my needs now that I'm leaving me? I wasn't able to track along for that period of time. So it interfered with my ability to track progress, slowing me down for a period of time. There was that. The other time I ran, it was very close to a show. And it was summer, like July, August, and Michigan, humidities, nearly 100%. And it's upper 90s, just can't breathe. And I was working a manual labor job. And I felt like I was going to have heat stroke every day. And my energy was just so shot. So I just think, honestly, I've heard of people running it for long term through a whole kind of prep which is absolutely ridiculous if you ask me. And most people, I think, just about everybody I know that I respect what agree with that statement, that it is ridiculous. I just don't think that it's needed personally. So that's just my personal take. Like I said, having coach for 15 years. Did you hold a bunch of water when you're on it, too? I gained several pounds. It wasn't terrible, but I did. I did. Yeah, it's hard to tell. And that you're dropping down. It's training really, really hard. Yep. Going there and maintaining a good training stimulus. Not that I'm suggesting supporting this. But some people go in and they would just like gain eight or 10 pounds of fat they don't want. And they just blast the DNP and try to literally obliterate it in like 10 days and just suffer tremendously. And they're sweating yellow and there's all their sheets are getting destroyed. They've got to change your clothes three times a day. Yeah. And it just absolutely nasty. I just not a healthy. It's not a healthy way to go about it. No, so. But I tried it just because I wanted to know. I wanted to have the experience for myself. And I wanted to talk about it. I was curious. And most of the time, the people who use it, that's what I end up seeing. That they say, I just want to know. I want to try it. But anyway, so where do we go from here? I would say that on the list of popularity, it's DNP nowadays is pretty low. I put maybe clan, ECA. Those things being more at the top end of popularity. Would you agree with that? I think so. Yeah, although it's funny. There's a very Justin Musuel. This is name. He's a German bodybuilder who's going to get his pro card this year. Looks ridiculous. He's up and coming. I follow him online on Instagram and watch his videos. He's coached by Max Mats and. Oh, OK. Yeah. Two years ago, I think it was. They used DNP in his prep. OK. And doing OK. I don't think they did it this time. They didn't need to. And it's kind of interesting because he's greatly improved. He had a great offseason period. So but he's coming in and better shape. He's in better shape. It like four weeks out, then he was on the day of the show, even without changing his water. Good for how he's going to be using the DNP. But I think that you even put a book out in German on how to use it. Well, it's kind of risky in a certain way because you say, this is the serving size. And so bodybuilders take two and a half that. Right. Yeah. So that's kind of the scary thing is you can because the long half life, just bearish repeating because of the long half life of DNP. If you do compound your doses daily over time, you could end up with a very, very dangerous dose that you really can't get out of your body. You're going to have to go the hospital or put you an ice or what have you to try to cool you down because the thermo effect is just ridiculous. There's no anecdote. There's no anecdote. Yeah. There's no anecdote. Yeah. There's no anecdote. There's nothing you can take that's going to reverse that. Not other than it. No, I mean, it's, yeah, it's phenolic. So it's lipid soluble. It just kind of disperses self everywhere. And I don't know. Like you could find something that would bind it up. You would probably, you know, to be toxic as well. All right. So let's move on to Clinton. Where, what are we have to say about that? I know we did. And we did a great topic on this like 50 episodes back. And I bet a lot of people didn't hear it. We talked about what Clinton worked. We talked about how your himvine worked. And we talked about the combination of the two could, would you be up for explaining that again? Because I found that to be absolutely fascinating. Yeah. Well, let me, before we go to that, let me just, the part of the big question is Aussie's in versus pre-consist. You want to go into that first? The more low-bud view is where they should be used. Or the more we went. We just spent 20 minutes on DMP. If we could, if we could do like five minutes in seven, yes. Oh, no, we're here. We're 25 minutes in now. Okay. If we could do like five to seven minutes on the different compounds out there, that's what I was thinking was five to seven minutes on each compound that's of you know, and then from there, maybe go globally. Just to give people a picture of what's out there. Because when we talk about these things, my first thought is, well, what are we talking about? Okay. My first thought is, do you need the use them in the first place? And my senses, look at the natural guys who don't use any of the shit and they get shredded. We just say that off the bat, right? Yeah. These are all icing on the cake that should be tertiary to their primary choices of your diet and whether you're hard or not and everything else is counting steps and all the kind of steps. So this is down the, down the rank of the latter. So when it comes to the sympathetic nervous system, some mathematics, this is where the combination of clan and even a veteran, but clan in particular, and you're in a kind of cool because they're specific tools. You've got grossly speaking, alpha receptors to which north and f-run and f-run combine in beta receptors, right? And the alphas are kind of, they put the break down to my policies and the beta's would accelerate lipoluses. And this is really highly generic because you can find these different receptors in different tissue types like skeletal muscle versus fat versus smooth muscle, et cetera, et cetera, and you have different actions. So but we're thinking mainly about adipost issue. We're trying to liberate fats so those fats would be oxidized then and you dip into your body fat stores to lose body fat over the one at home. If you activate the beta receptors in particular, the beta, the beta choose. Actually, the beta, the beta, 2, beta, 3 is an adipost for all turn on lipoluses. The beta-tos are where computer all goes more specifically. That accelerates, that's like pressing on this is the analogy I was using. It's like pressing on the accelerator in your fat burning car, right? Yeah. You go faster. But there's also some binding that just happens from the endogenous other from the north and the f-run that's there. The other amongst the other, what's the word I'm looking for? You've had a colon means. So more up and up and up and up. And if you bind and activate the alpha receptors, that puts the brake on lipoluses. So there's some mechanism in the cells there where you can up and downroke, regulate those to control lipoluses and fat cell and regulate the fat. So you've got a brake and the alpha, in particular, the alpha, 2 receptors, you've got an accelerator in the beta because of the beta-tos. Your way of step on the accelerator, one way is with the con-computer all, binds the and activates the beta-tos. If you want to release the brake, you need to inhibit the alpha-tos and that's what you him being does and what role-l-l-skin also does. So you can step on the accelerator and release the brake by using con-buter all and you him being together. So they function as a nice, nice, nice, one-two punch for producing more lipoluses. I can do that and the more you can do the fuel. I can, analogy works so good for me. Like I can total-little lecture that it really does. Where does an effigy-run or ECA fit into that mix? So effort in actually stimulates pre-synaptic, sympathetic nerve endings to release more effort in effort. So it acts locally to increase sympathetic activity at the fat cells. It also has a course of essential effect on your appetite. From the studies, there's some really nice studies that are astrope was one of the people who did these a lot of these studies with obese people showing a nice effectiveness of effidrin, just effidrin in of itself. Then you combine it. There's a couple, there's one with caffeine too, but it was just a short-term study. But with effort in a long-term, it helps with fat. Fat loss, the impact on your blood pressure and your heart rate is on average at least goes away after some time. I think practically speaking most people still feel when they take some of the fedrin. There was a guy I was in grad school. He was an endurance athlete. He was an exercise psychology student. He was swimming a lot at the time. He was going swimming for like an hour and a half. He somehow tried reading about effidrin. He comes in, we're all studying. The study allowed to become zen. He was like, I never take effidrin. I never take effidrin. I never take effidrin. Yeah, we think you have. I was so sure. He was just, you know, I had it before. He was completely naive to it. So it acts a little bit differently. One of the questions was alternating between a fedrin and caffeine. I seen that work in all sorts of ways. The thing is the determining factor as to whether you... I mean, effidrin and clad. Yeah, what I'm saying. Just to be clear, effidrin and caffeine. I figured that's what you meant. Oh, yeah, I would just want to be clear. Not actually in the ECA and clen. Yeah. I'm actually what people would tell the... You don't need the aspirin in there. Although it does prolong the effect. So it inhibits, prostagland and synthesis. And we'll prolong the effect. And you can... If someone's taking, for instance, a fedrin and caffeine, they're just doing EC. And then they throw an aspirin if you throw in like an approximate. People will notice immediately. Okay, this lasts like twice as long. Really? Yeah. And actually there's a study in rats to where they gave tyrosine on top of it. These tyrosines are precursor for the catecholemines. It seems it actually reduced. It increased the anorexic effect. So the rats ate less. Really? Or also supplemented with tyrosine. So the... I believe it. The thing that happens a lot to people when they're doing ECA or just EC, or usually it's an ECA, but as they start to get run down over time. Yeah. Maybe that they're literally sort of becoming depleted at the sympathetic nerve endings of the north and the north and the north. And you can supplement that with tyrosine. And people notice a difference. You feel the stimulant effect it returns, and then the anorexic effects returns as well. And so I'm a big fan of altiricine. I used it every time. Countess prep I've ever done. And I found a real good anti-fatigue effect from it. Between ECA and clan, I personally found that... And some people like one, some people like the other. But I found a lot of ups and downs with ECA. Somebody asked with clan, what if they split the dose up through the day to prolong the effect? With clan, isn't clan a long half-life to begin with? Like you don't need to dose it multiple times. That's it. It does have a long half-life. That's how you're defining half-life. But people without a doubt get a cute stimulant or effect from clan with many people do. Yeah. So you take, like let's say you're going to do, I don't know, you're worked your way up to 80 micrograms. And then like that, right? If you do 80 in the morning, you definitely... It's like, oh, the half-life is 30 hours or whatever. Whatever it's supposed to be. Right. You've variable amongst people. You definitely feel that for the first three or four hours. The jitteriness and everything else that would come along. For sure. So you can break that up. I mean, I know people, I know one person, check that out, I'm thinking of who would take clan right before going to bed. Me too. I wonder if it's the same person. I tried it once and there's no way I'll ever do it again because it was... I couldn't fall asleep. Like, I was terrible man. But some people, they have no problem with it. Oh, yeah, I do it every night. Yeah. I've seen that with you, him being too. You know, like, oh, I've just forgot to take it so they just throw it in. They just chuck it in where they go to bed and they sleep just fine. Yeah. So that's one of the negatives too. It was one of the further along questions in this sort of outline we were given. So what's up? We're used. Yeah. We covered, so D&P and couple ofers and then we got into, we covered a bunch now with ECA clan and your himbine, would we be good to move on from here or maybe thyroid? Would that be a last place to wrap up saying that these would be the primary stimulant slash fat burners that we use that are used in the main ones? I mean, yeah, there's turbutaline that people use, another beta 2 agonist. Albuter all some people use albuter all. That one, you know, there is some evidence on albuter all being effective just like clay and buter all too, but it just doesn't seem to be. There's to some degree sort of you separate the beat from the chaff based on what ends up being used by people and see people's two use albuter all, maybe because they can't get the clan. That works too. I think albuter all is also prohibited by water. Like computer all in the animal research has an effect on muscle mass as well. So it has this repartitioning effect. So you lose body fat and gain muscle mass. You see it in livestock too. So like that's one reason, like you can build muscle with clan. There was a guy Justin Rice, RYS, I think is how it's not used went by a big kiwi. Oh yeah, yeah, he passed on. I've got to just maybe eight years ago now. So wild, but that was a maniac. Train just like a friggin monster. I correspond with him many, many years ago and like say how's it going? Blow, you know, how's it going mate? And he would say, oh, I got kicked out of another gym. That was just thrown up in the corner. He like he like I think remember the stories was he was squatting or something like that. And he lent me peeped in the corner and they went back and started squatting again. And I was like, I told I was going to clean it up when I was done, but I wasn't finished with my work. He just left a few climb, you know. Yeah, he was going to lose his pump. phenomenal guy. What's that? He's going to lose his pump if he didn't finish, right? Yeah, like he was just a madman. He was extreme with everything. Okay. He was one of those guys who ate like quote unquote like 12 meals a day. Yeah. You know, like every hour he was eating a meal or something. And he was using like 500 micrograms a planet day. Oh my god. And yeah, yeah, the numbers are you can look as fine as post on professional muscle. I'm pretty sure he said he was like 500. But he felt there was a repartitioning effect. He felt like he gained mass from that and he helped keep him lean. And I'm like, nine to one. I'll stop doing that. That's five steps. A little pop trying to climb on my desk. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, that's one of the reasons why water ruled out or prohibited of computer alls because it could help build muscle and be organic in that. I mean, dropping body fat can be organic too if you're lighter. Body weight and it's forced the lighter you are. At least if it's not dead weight, the better off. But so yeah, I think I think even in in my PhD research, we disallowed people who were using our computer all or clean. I'll be able to all was being prescribed then for asthma. Yeah, I think it's still maybe. Yeah, so yeah, so now I had to use. I got a prescription of it for it with my lung situation and it didn't really help me have a ton not like, like, plenty much more beneficial. But yeah, right. Yeah, but potentially it could impact things. So you like, I think I had one person like Rick Soryman can't be a, I'm not going to tell you to not take your medication for your asthma. That wouldn't be good. But you know, we want you to be clean for like six months before you come in for any residual effects on let you get back because like, Francis, I mean, just to sort of aside, but imagine someone were taking out of the computer all it was impacting their muscle mass and they were, you know, because a long-term use, they had three or four or five pounds of muscle mass they didn't. And then he's okay. Well, all stop taking it's out of my system in a week and they come into your, and then they they're losing or the course of your training study, they're losing those growth effects that they've previously gained while you're applying this training stimulus in whatever condition they're in. And then the two things are negating one another. So you're not, you don't have someone who's got the same baseline as everyone else. Yeah, I've worked with a number of people that were natural otherwise that had, that I can't say that they grew muscle in a contest prep, but man, it sure did give a nice visual effect. There's a slight drying effect to it too, that I'm a more personally a fan as a coach than I am of ECA. Some people like ECA if they wanted to use it, it's not like, you know, whatever. But I like that there's kind of like that dioritic like effect of losing a little bit of water looking a little tighter. And you know, as far as the muscle growth thing goes, of Albuterale, good friend of mine, friend for years, will he has, fashion was it, fascia, scapula, humoral, muscular dystrophy. And so that would be like the face, scapula, and humoral effects all like up top from, anyway, they prescribed him Albuterale. It's been shown in studies for people with muscular dystrophy to help to reduce muscle breakdown. So they're, you know, just yeah, so he had been, you see, I mean, breathing difficulties. Does it, I mean, is it good far down as his diaphragm so that he has, in spritory? It's not yet. But from what I understand, it's a progressive disease. And so with time that is eventually what occurs and that's generally what takes people out that have it is being can't breathe anymore. So yeah, he's doing good. You know, he's doing good. Right. He's doing everything. He trained in man, maintaining that shit, right? Yeah, exactly. He'd that reserve. So, you know, if he's, if he's got a Vue to max, that is twice that of what otherwise would be, he loses half of it because the disease, he's still at where an Arnold person would be. Yeah, yeah. You know, that's the way to look at it. So that's, but at least then thyroid T3 and T4, what would we want to, what would you want to say about that? And then maybe we could go global with it. Yeah. Obviously that would go down if you're not supplementing with it. Exoginously, right? As you die it, like it goes, you can go really low in some of the case studies with natural body voters can go really low. I've got a, we got a question about that. He was related to half life, or at least it came up on one of the other podcasts. And it did a deep dive for John, on John Meadowsite. He's kind of plugged on site on that. So the main dot com. Mountaindog.com, exactly. Yeah, that's just, that's something you'd want to, ideally, right? That's, you want to make sure you're met about break doesn't go down. If you're from a table, it was slowing, then you'd have to go into a deeper deficit to produce the, the court deficit and then more you do that, the more you metabolisms, laws, et cetera, et cetera. So, you know, when it comes down to a difference in three or four hundred calories a day, youth thyroid versus hypo thyroid, that makes a difference over weeks and weeks of a diet. It could be even less than that, right? And the extent to which that happens varies by person, this is where blood work could be nice because the thing, you know, that you see, you may have seen this. I'm, this doesn't happen with your clients because you don't allow this, but people throw in thyroid as a fat burner at the end and they use too much, they throw in under micrograms or something. And then they increase their metabolism everywhere and then boom, they end up losing muscle mass. So they, you know, they have this horrible P ratio in the last three weeks and they end up just looking, really, really thinned out and overdided and they dropped muscle, which was unnecessary. They got the body fat off, but they end up having a terrible look. Then they would have if they just died it for four weeks longer and shows in a different show. And they ask them, so that's the thing with thyroid. It can be really, it's catabolic. But for instance, we compare it, computer all, which doesn't seem, I just haven't seen any evidence in humans that has this repretition effect, but in animals for sure. There's evidence anecdotal evidence, Princess from Big Keyweb. That's a lot of cland, don't do that, please. Also, too, he was probably taking other stuff, so it's not like it was completely isolated, right? No, he was just everything man. He was arrested. He was, guy was just, his recreational use, was I think pretty crazy. He lived just hard man. He got out of the guitar. He just one of those guys, it was just unlike, you know, he was living like three times faster than anybody else. Well, I hope that he, I hope he enjoyed it. You know, we all we get this one opportunity. So if that's what he did, I hope that's the way he, it sounds like it's the way he wanted to do it, you know, so in a way more power to him, I guess. There's a, there's a documentary out there about him, I believe, on YouTube. And you can read, regretted it in the end. He didn't live past 40. Yeah, he regretted it. And if he ended up with, I forget what he was diagnosed with, but it was a musculoskeletal disorder. Of some sort of, he was pretty much, and I mean, it's hard to say what caused what? Because, you know, there's no one hardly anyone is doing all the shit that he did. Grating the way he did, but he, he had a lot of health issues there at the end. Poor guy. He tried to fight it. You know, he kept on coming back and coming back. That was just, you know, an indomitable spirit, but he, I think he regretted. Because, you know, he had people, he had a lot of people that really loved and cared about him. And he left the earth really, really soon. So you still see his pictures on the banners and stuff with professional muscle because they want to kind of honor him. Just just an awesome guy. One of those guys where he posted like what his client use was or whatever he did and people would come in, just, you know, guys that are half his size or whatever type of glitches bashing him, just saying these horrible things. He was just like, you couldn't, you couldn't, you couldn't, you could nothing bother them. He's like, that's wild. Yeah, he was just just a wonderful, wonderful dude from what I knew of him. So, so yeah, Tyroid can, you know, and I see different opinions on this. I think I saw something from Dr. Dean St. Martin recently on thyroid. So, for instance, if regardless of what you're using T4, T3, you're going to shut down your own adoption, thyroid, there's advantages to T4 versus T3 potentially. Check out Dean's post on this just from like two weeks ago. T4 is what sometimes is considered standard practice. You read that sometimes sometimes people use compounded both because there's degrees in to have T3 in there just because that's that actually is the active form. T4 is converted. The advantage of using T4 would be that you let your body convert the T4 into T3 based on its nutrient status. So, you're not going to drive, especially if you're deep in a diet, you're not going to drive or met a ball of great excessively with less likely to let's say with T4, then with T3 because T3 just slams on the accelerator, muscle fat, everything. Yes. T4 has to be converted. So, that conversion will be driven by insulin levels, for instance, in your nutrient status. So, you're going to supplement what's produced predominantly in the thyroid plant itself and then let the body parse it out as needed. So, that's a way to more subtly encourage a more normal use thyroid status. I found this way is to try to keep your thyroid like in place if you're going to use thyroid, sorry, I mean, there are a few, but it's okay. And then have that in place like 10, 12 weeks out, right? If you're going to do that and just and just so have that as a factor and like, you know, you've got to do anything because you know what's coming in, you're good there and it's not like, okay, now I don't know what to do. I'm going to just slam a bunch of thyroid. You know you're already good thyroid wise based on your blood models. Right. And then you can manipulate those things. That's kind of what I was getting at. That's what I have kind of leaned toward doing now, is years ago, I think the first time I ran it, I got my information off the message boards, right? And so I started it 25 and I went to two weeks later, I increased and then I increased and then I increased up to like a hundred and I did lose fat. There's no question on it, but I definitely kind of sized down in the process too. Wasn't the best diet to begin with, but anymore, at the time, there was a huge talk of, you've got to be on cycle if you're doing this because, you know, that's what people would say because you, you took to fight off the muscle loss effect. But I found that nowadays, just a low dose. And the way I explain it, it's almost like a replacement dose. You know, like you said, natural guys get their thyroid tank. They get their testosterone tank too. And if you were to lie down and just a TRT dose of, you know, testosterone and just a replacement dose of T3 or you go like Dean was saying T4 possibly. I've generally, I found T3 if they're not using growth. I'll go straight to T3 a lot of times in a, in a predintype situation. But just those low, that little low dose, it's almost like the way I've seen it's got. And this is just me, my, my bro brain is that as we die it down, our bodies want to resist fat loss at a certain point. You know what I mean? We're, our body doesn't want to change. And I see that decrease of thyroid output as being part of that, like trying to preserve the stores that we have. But we can basically, guess the word would be like hack that whole system by ensuring that you have like a healthy steady dose all the way through regardless of what we're doing, regardless of what we, what we do with your carbs, you know, regardless of what we do through your calories. It's just there humming along in the background the whole time. So that's, that's been my taking that. I don't see like muscle loss, you know, with that. No, that's totally dead on me. That's not just, that's just not just bro brain. You know, that's, that's what happens in the colitis with the science shows. That's, you know, what the body is doing in, in safe guarding a set point or a settling point, or when you go beyond the intervention points or whatever model you want to use for bodyweight and body fat regulation. This thyroid is one of the primary regulators of metabolism. So the body is going to react. Like when it doesn't have what it needs, it's going to adjust the metabolic rate. And thyroid is, is one of those hormonal systems that's there. Yeah. To testosterone too, you're dead on. Yeah, replace all those things. And I mean, I would love to see, I don't think there's an, I'm trying to think of anything I can think of this really, but I'd love to see and it would be interesting to take two groups. God, I would love to have twins, right? Get an identical twins steady, like get a cohort, you know, and you split them up and they die it down on essential, essentially the same diet and exercise program, whatever. And one you just replace hormones, right? You just replace those two hormones and see, you know, when you get them down to not just enough to go to stage level necessarily, because that would be that'd be a lot to ask for for study. And let's be able to get on a, yeah, get on a stage at the end. But, and just see how much of a difference you see. I would think you would be substantial. I know, I know when you got guys that have been on for a while and they come off and they're hypogonatal and maybe they're not really totally aware of how low they are. And then they're not making any gains. The general thing is to start, would you just put them on to your T, the dose response from going hypogonatal to you go andatal is just tremendous. Yeah. The other way around going backwards, I think, would also, is probably also pretty dramatic. Yeah. When dropping down fat and trying to hold on the muscle, I'd imagine it, you know, making these huge difference. Like pretty much, I would imagine with those two things, you could probably enhance fat loss, 50% and cut muscle loss in half by 50% or even much more going down into single digits without a doubt. I don't have any on average. Yeah. I would agree with that. Yeah. So, you know, going back, so, did you want to address anything more big picture? Because it, or his next question, which was, you know, we kind of covered use in contest prep. He also talked about like, should these things be used in offseason, went to avoid these things? Yeah. So, these are, these are the cards you can play when you really want to get absolutely for against shredded. And like I mentioned a little while back, we've got all these natural competitors that basically have proven, right? They're, they're demonstrable evidence that you can get shredded without using those things, right? So, that's possible. And so, if you're someone then who has, let's say you're on gear, not talking about fat burners here to hold on to muscle mass, you just, you have that advantage in terms of diet dieting down. So, you have all these other things that can come into play, it makes sense to me to use those sparingly. The one thing that natural competitors typically have to do almost universally, I think unless they're just absolutely genetic races that they have decked these six nine-month diets. Yeah. These guys, they go like, they take two years off between shows or longer to try to like, especially if the higher levels and they get like three or four pounds of muscle and then they have to spend nine months just slowly, slowly dieting down. And that's a long time to spend in a hypoconatal hypothyroid state. Those guys suffer, man. They don't get near the cred for it that I think they deserve, maybe in the enhanced world, but they really suffer. So you can do all these things. So you have these fat burning tools that are available to you and to some degree, for instance, let's just take stimulants and I think I've heard Justin Harris talk about this a couple times. Like, he's totally against stimulants in the offseason from what I understand. You may have changed his mind. And I would generally agree with that idea of avoiding those to the extent you possibly can because they will and can blunt your appetite. Maybe the first month after a show where you're in your post-contest period or maybe what you might call your. I love it how when people, they're like 10 days after their show and they say offseason form. It's like, you just competed two weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You just been pretty tight. Yeah. Oh, I see some. So I see some form on five percent. It's like, you're, it's a good place after having just competed. Yeah. You're all rolled up. That's it in pizzas for the last three days. That's a nice, that's a more appropriate. It's like, look, I'm doing a good job with my, my refading after my show. That's cool, right? Yeah. But um, so it makes sense then if you've been on stables for weeks or months to chill and slowly reverse out of those who don't crash. Yep. Right. So you've got all these things that are in your pre-contest style that you have to kind of recover from. But using those in the offseason means that those cards have been partially played. It's time to die down. Yeah. So um, that's something to consider. The other thing to consider, if for instance, you're someone who just genetically tends to put on ton of body fat, right? Mm-hmm. And let's just take kind of the worst case scenario. You tend to be what Matt Porter called Husky. Yeah. Used to call Husky body type, right? See, to kind of put on body that easily. Muscle masterly isn't a problem. Eating enough is an a problem. Um, you work a nine to five job and you've got kids at home that are waiting for your after work. So you get up at four in the morning, you know, piss your kids, divide while they're still in bed and then you run off the gym training the morning. And so you take, drink some coffee, you have an ECA stack maybe because it's even simple and you just fly out the door. You get your best training at that point in time. And it doesn't impact your sleep because it's so far away from your sleep by the time it's bedtime. You just crash. Yeah. Right? That's, and this also is helping stay off that body fat accumulation. I talk about a good friend of mine. She was just like, it's amazing. My friend Barb from California. Okay. She's on my website. She has a, um, there's a PowerPoint upon how to do your own color with with protein. She used to do protein backstage. Um, she was Jay Cutler's favorite person for putting on color. Oh, it does get a. Yeah. Way back. She's been trying for a while. But um, and she had never taken you him being before. So she started taking it in the office. You see someone who could take her over for she went to bed. Then brother at all, which you notice, but it prevented her from putting on lower body fat, which she always had a problem with. She would get pretty big in her off season and legs would just get gigantic and they had a lot of fat on them. So that they were so by far the last thing to come in. She took you him being in the off season. It didn't come across as a stimulant to her at all. It didn't, it didn't cause any sense of, you know, heart tribulations or heart palpitations. What have you? But it helped her to stay off that lower body fat. And then she the next year she came in much better, much more easily. So that might be a use in the off season. But if you're someone who typically stays lean and you like, you're just, let's say, you're, let's take the other worst case scenario, right? You're known for staying lean, you know for your condition, but you need to get size. And your ego is attached to being the guy who's shredded all your around and everything like this guy stays lean all the time. And you keep coming in to light on stage or in the wrong weight class. You need to be able to eat enough to where you're going to get some more body fat put on. And you're, you're just not someone who can pound down the food. Then taking fat burners, especially stimulants that are inhibitor appetite, that's not, that's not what you want to be doing. You'd want to be probably not doing that. And then getting as much sleep as you possibly can. So you can grow and assure that you're arrested and recovered and stay away from anything that stimulates metabolism. Because that might be, that might be your downfall. Right. I think when we're talking about how carnitine before the last, and I mentioned someone who I co-responded with who was using elcarnitine and but no thyroid and they took the elcarnitine out and the carnitine blocks thyroid action. And then they started losing weight precipitously. Yeah. And like because they released the break on their thyroid, so to speak in this case. So for that person, like having the size and this was an a dieted on position, having the size they have, apparently from this anecdote, apparently was partially dependent upon not having a really fast metabolism. You don't want to have a fast metabolism. So take that guy who's like once always be single digit body fat percentage. Having that fat metabolism might be the thing that's preventing him from getting the size that you want. So he might just basically have a system that is akin to someone who's someone actually is hyper thyroid and he may not be truly hyper thyroid where he can't gain muscle mass because his metabolism is so fast. So that person fat burn is the last thing they want. You want to have all the energy available for the muscle growth. So generally speaking, I think there's got to be a good reason why you'd want to use fat burn stimulants in the offseason. And the main one really would be if you just absolutely because of your lifestyle or whatever you can't get a good, you don't get a great, you're always your warm down when you go into your training. The problem with that is then you're masking your ability to auto regulate. So you're going in your workout and you're masking your fatigue with stimulants and it could get the effect you're sleeping, everything like that. That's of course the main thing to watch out more than the main things to watch out for. But then you don't know when you really need a break. So you're basically you're pushing yourself into an overreaching state unknowingly to some degree because you're continuing to be able to train harder than you would be able to if you just went into your training. Sometimes it might be those days you walk in your like, knock, not today, baby. I'm going home and want to have a nap with the kids or whatever, you know. That's what the stimulants will mask in many cases and I think that can get in the way for people. Yeah, I'll be agree with that. How about I would say one place would be T4 with growth if needed, if needed, you know, I wouldn't say because I kind of get the vibe that some people see that it's like a mandatory thing. Like well I started to couple units of growth. I got to get on the T4 with that. I have seen cases though and I think these cases have increased with that there's a correlation I think between good quality, generic being readily available. On the UGL market and people dosing it higher, I'm seeing more need for T4 while in an off season because we're getting T4 that's really funky really nice. Yeah. That said, when it is needed, I do feel like there's kind of some magic in there for people. Yeah. I really think that it works really well if you're using enough growth that you actually need it. Can't just blood work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That definitely was an exception to it. And that we're talking about, we're talking about like basically a replacement again. You know what I mean? We're not talking about like actually trying to hey we're going to try to add this into that we burn fat. But there isn't effect though. I think we're now we can keep that food really, really high and you're just coming along through it between having you know, eating it's a growth and you know, a modest dose of T4 in there. Yeah. I mean there's there's so many levers that are involved with trying to have a good P ratio as you're in the off season. Yeah. So you know, you've got whatever the natural propensity is for your your body to put on muscle mass, relative to the stimulus you provide and the need for a chloride excess. Right. So those two things like in most studies like they don't even worry about diet. They might measure, but they're not ensuring like okay one we're going to have whatever the conditions we are high volume low volume or higher reps or more reps reserve or whatever we're going to compare these two things. And then we're going to make sure we optimize growth rubber one by doing a baseline period, getting their chloride intake and then prescribing a diet where they've got you know a 500 chloride, 540 calorie excess. Imagine a study it would be really almost it would be really interesting to take a study where you actually have the athletes, the subjects being individually coached and you're optimizing everything and you have the only parameter that's different being a say the training regime. Okay because if you've got 12 weeks or 16 weeks to see you do kind of a longer-end study there's all sorts of things that don't get done in these studies because this is the nature of the question you're asking it's like you might de-load somebody halfway through you know then everyone will be deluding at different times but still you actually they're practical question are we training three reps reserve versus training failure. Well it turned out training failure had the de-load twice during the training period but they made better gains let's say. That's the thing that would have wouldn't. And maybe training to failure you on average you found you had to increase the diet more because the parameter that you set was an increase in body weight of one pound for a week and you shot for that because you adjusted their diet throughout the training study that doesn't happen in training studies you know they just monitor the diet or they don't even pay attention to the diet and just the training differs but you want to have your diet in place so my point being getting back to our topic is all these things that you all these parameters that can be changed is how much how well you put on weight relative to your core success is a function of you and then when you throw on top of that how fast your metabolism is is going to change that too so you take let's say two people simplify this take two people who have just will just kind of assume they have similarly metabolism that reacts similarly in terms of increasing their BMR as they get larger and as the eat more yeah so the more you eat the opposite of when you die down your table some will get faster right and then other things can happen your neat will change of set or set of let's just take two people increase in just basal metabolic rate is the same but one person has a proclivity for putting on muscle mass and the other person doesn't one person's got marathon runner genetics the other person's got power of our left-rode genetics so the other person repartitions that energy differently right so that's thing going to mean even though they have that same parameter the same at the beginning the other person puts on more muscle mass roll over the body fat because the energy is going where you want it to sometimes you assumption I've got in questions from people sometimes like we just eat an echloric excess you know and all the energy goes into building muscle signal that's not how it works yeah it's how your body how the muscle cells themselves the muscle tissue takes on because of the hormonal changes the energy changes the amino acid presentation and everything is going on well luckily in terms of adapting to that training stimulus so someone might take four out of five hundred excess calories and it goes to muscle building and the other just is the excess that just ends up spilling over the muscle into the fats all right and someone else might take a hundred or two hundred out of those five hundred calories and it goes to muscle whether the recipe goes to fat so one person has a great pea ratio but now lots of muscle very little fat the other person doesn't so then when you add in something it speeds up your metabolism someone who has that proclivity to take four out of five hundred calories and put it to muscle building adding a little G3 might even make they mean they gain muscle faster and you see that with guys who add G3 in the off season and they said growing better yeah they feel they're under those very specific circumstances for them and they're probably on gear on top at all that sort of thing yeah and they're probably in a lot of food yeah and eating a lot of food and then someone else that might be helpful because that T3 might prevent them from gaining as much fat but they still gain muscle at a much lower rate so you have to be more careful so that adds another level of complexity and all these things interact with one another and that's why you got to watch what's happening in the mirror on the scale in the gym with your recovery levels and everything else so yeah whether you're going to use T3 and growth in the off season or T3 with your or T4 with your growth and all the stimulants it's all matters what's happening the individual yeah that was my point I think all right so let's get yeah let me see if we have any listener questions here's got that are related to this there was one I I wanted to kind of address this um I can find it he said thoughts on dmp use and pro bodybuilding and this this isn't the answer I think that he's probably like expecting but I would tell you just a brief story Scott that this is one of the reasons I wanted to do podcast like I wanted to make my own podcast is years ago I had done a lot of research on IGF this is like 2004 2005 it was really hard to come my back then and it was very a lot more expensive to get like the research grade stuff that everybody's easily getting now anyway through my research and through like me diving in to learn what it did me looking yet what other people are talking about on the message boards I started thinking that everybody must be using this that there's the reason that these guys are as big as they are on the pro stage and I was earlier in bodybuilding so it's the there must be a reason these guys are not looking the way I do all right I'm not looking like them and and I thought that they must be taking things I'm not and through reading about all the stuff about IGF L or three I started thinking well this is one of those things and so I started spending an exorbitant amount of money to get this IGF at the time and using this and I did you know experience some level of results from it but I still wasn't one of those guys at stage and then fast forward several years I heard John Meadows talking and John was asked what his experience was with IGF and he said I never used it and I believed him you know I believe John at the time and say so John never used the stuff he's like yeah did they didn't really know a lot about it this isn't something he really experimented with and so this this light bulb went on in my head and I was like okay so what I had understood what I thought I was reading probably like the equivalent of what red it is today you know what I mean like if you want to learn about IGF you can go to red it you're going to find out so much information you're going to have people telling you all these things about how awesome it is but then you got a guy who's John Meadows size and John didn't even know what it was so I realized that a lot of the guys who are what they are they aren't they aren't that lean in this case DNP because they're they're because they're using you know compound like that in fact I can say that now having done as many podcasts as I have I've had the opportunity to become friends with a lot of the guys that I've interviewed and stuff I I can't think of many really there are guys that have used it don't get me wrong I'm not saying nobody no pros have ever used it but I would say it's not a popular compound and probati building yeah I would agree with that well heartedly I've the stories I've heard is someone tried to use like low dose and they realized it didn't do anything for them compared to how they died at previously or someone was a pro and they were behind and they tried to pull out emergency maneuver and yeah and didn't work up for them those are the stories I've heard so yeah I think that's that there's this general tendency been seeing like even in the question like this is what the pros do right what are the pros do it's like first of all the pros chose the right parents that's the main thing that they did you know they've got their their genetics are there and there are people that become pros in the way that feel heathed I do that that why you don't look like a pro talk to me yeah years ago I the first slide in there as I went and looked at the lipia top 10 and I went back and and figured out how long it took them to turn pro and there were a couple couple athletes who had some long pauses in their competitive history and I took those pauses out it was two and a half years from first show to becoming pro this is and that's not so that's not so amazing when we you know think about people coming pros in bikini or send the other divisions but at this point in time and open body building from first show to pro card that's just crazy that's just that's just rocketing to the top but you do have people and I'm not gonna name any names but you do have people who are at at the pro level and they they're playing all their chunk cards all at once they're using high massive doses of everything and there are people that get return pros who have great genetics and they get into the pro ranks and it's like okay I'm gonna be a middle lower level pro unless I push all those things in that way so you can have guys that are using like minimal stuff and they're just like super responders to everything they're just ridiculous right and then you have guys that dot every eye and cross every team got the full spectrum at that pro level but the one thing that they all have is extremely better than average genetics otherwise they wouldn't have gotten to and stayed at the pro level to my open by a feebee pro bodybuilders right now they wouldn't stay there unless they had great genetics and the thing that I just like among the things that they're throwing in an arsenal DNP doesn't seem to be one that's used that often you know Justin had that like a that's a great example like he did it that previous year and they kind of got away with it and they're kind of monetizing that now as something that you know you could do not something I would do but they did it and you know and there are people like you know STUH you mentioned people go back and listen to those podcasts you know who have ways of doing it that they've done which you know have been safe for those individuals it's just not something like the margin of safety isn't large enough to mean even think about suggesting someone do that yeah and he didn't even advocate it he didn't even want to talk about it we kind of had to pull it out of him because he didn't want to be yeah he didn't really think it was a great idea for people to be doing you know yeah yeah so I don't think a lot of pros are doing that like guys aren't saying okay you know I'm going to just die it down for the next eight weeks on DNP it's not something they're using the main thing really is you feel just so terrible you can't train hard and hard training is one of the most in my mind one of the most important things for holding on muscle mass you can maintain your training performance lifting the same loads for us roughly the same reps same form as you get into the last three or four weeks before your show you're going to hold on your muscle mass or maybe even grow depending on how you do all the other things but that's what you got to have in place and if you're taking something maybe it makes you feel like crap and you just can't train hard enough then it doesn't really matter you can't you can't produce that stimulus to maintain the muscle mass you have and you know you lose all the fat you're better at that but without the muscle it's not bodybuilding it's it's it's a poor stage performance I think yeah I think a good equivalent when you said like at the time it was really hard you know it was a lot harder to turn pro took two and a half years for the average guy in that lineup to turn this isn't an option Olympia yeah the best of the best yeah yeah now I would say those guys are like the guys who are immediately a threat when they turn pro in open like Nick Walker you know I mean like Nick Walker turn pro and he was immediately a threat in open bodybuilding you know he's one of those guys that yeah he has genetics I definitely never did I can't even pull up that list of people they're all everyone is a name you know they've all won numerous pro shows in that particular year I think six of them ended up being Mr. Olympias yeah something like that that's wild yeah it was like or we're already it was texture jackson and big ramen and fill hea texture never had to go ahead and texture didn't play all his cards out the gate because he had to do it for another 28 years or something you know what I mean it's a great example yeah and texture also wasn't doing cardio until like the last few years yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and you know and like he brought his legs up supposedly using an an EMS movie unit to that you know played in the last like two few years before retired his legs kind of like okay it's like we're going downhill and now they're now he's in a great spot yeah so you know and I don't think texture was you know just bang everything he possibly could oh no he would equip him for that I know he would have you know yeah I mean I do a pro who is known for just having having it wasn't flex wheeler it wasn't texture but someone on that level back in the 90s or let 2000s one of the if I just say one of the best poesers ever if not the best okay it's not high green just absolutely amazing poeser and I remember having a conversation with him and another person and man he's like I just hate doing these damn injections like he's hated doing he was always missing his shots yeah now we're doing his stuff he's like spluck this man I haven't done a shot for like two months and he still looks really crazy it's probably hypo gonna add a the genetics which is off the chain with these guys yeah so a lot of them and that and that actually is something that helps with longevity like I'm sure texture you know wasn't he probably people would have been amazed by how how little he used yeah I know they would be and they probably will see who wouldn't believe it so I'll tyrosine in the off season during a bulk phase comma year round what do we think about that yeah that's I think it's totally acceptable yeah right yeah yeah it's it's in a lot of pre-workouts nowadays I'll tyrosine this it is for that reason as a precursor yeah and that's not like it's just you know it's just to mean a acid there's no negative side effects as long as we're I mean maybe if you start taking like 50 grams of it a shot yeah yeah that would that would make sense see if it works for you on an empty stomach seems to work best most people to have sort of a sense of energy or well being so yeah yeah see if we had anything else because I feel like we covered a lot of this stuff you know there was a question from the last um yes I don't know if you have time for it today it's from the last video about pulling on to gains that you freshly acquired in the off season before dieting down how the thing great question yeah do you remember that um yeah it's in the there wasn't too many comments from last I might I dug it up you had mentioned other comments and that's a big question there's a answer okay let me see if there's one more here uh and it never it says uh I never woke up hypos I never stayed hypos for that long so 8 a.m. I woke up at 5 a.m. shaky and sweaty going hypos this feeling stayed for an hour and even when I got up of bed and took three I used growth did my fasted cardio it didn't go away until 7 a.m. when I ate my first meal I never woke up hypos I never stayed hypos for that long what does that mean though is it a good sign um meaning that I'm quite sensitive or could it be an issue so it sounds like he had low blood sugar over night fasted right and uh sounds like his blood sugar was just real though it was using long acting insulin or something yeah I don't think so didn't say anything about that but yeah yeah ratings guy okay let's see here I figure and then let's after that one let's end on the question about retaining muscle size freshly gain muscle because I think that's a great topic oh yeah he had I did a refeed 400 grams carbs in my last meal at 8 p.m. you woke up oh yeah I missed that's what I woke up in my senior yeah I get that I get that like all the time me too the way yeah like just like now like doing nothing if I if I go to if I miss like a mid afternoon meal so normally I'll get up have some to eat I'll train roughly about this time of day maybe a little earlier we have podcast or console to ever and then I'll have a big meal yeah and then about four or five o'clock if I have an eat and it like three I'll start to go hypos and it passes quickly but yeah that's that's reactive hypos they see me so that's from that big ask me also he could add some fiber in there mm-hmm more maybe change the types of carbs easy eating um something that's got a lower glycine to index and probably probably um avoid that yeah he has zero carbs on his off days I see he it was multiple posts that he made yeah I'm trained in this that a refeed a 400 carbs so yeah that makes total sense to me yeah yeah so that question I don't if you want to pull it up or I can choose like you know yeah I don't have it off hand but it the topic though it was how to retain mus like how to retain freshly gained muscle mass the question was if actually there's any research or studies to this the dressing this phenomenon where people will make new gains as the off-season goes on so at the end of the off-season they gain a new amount of muscle mass and then they lose that when they go into their diet if they don't spend some time trying to hold it right and that's like that's been around for forever like you got to hold those gains right you got to solidify those gains yeah and might might the thought as it's kind of kind of simple but my best guess because there's nothing there's nothing nothing to that that I know of in the literature that's too much that's such that we such a long study to do to follow people and shifting their diet around like that's so body-blading so if you'd be great study to do but you have to you know have a whole bunch of people and then if you got the new gains with them that are already advanced and then take those who did and just study them or select them out afterwards like that'd be a very hard thing to study but the phenomenon does seem to exist and my big take on this generally is that you see studies there's still some arguments about the importance of of satellite cells as far as muscle growth hypertrophy no longer and the idea with the satellite cells they're responsive to muscle injury they also get called into play during muscle hypertrophy there's this longstanding nuclear domain theory the satellite cells they multiply and so they leave a reserve behind and that extra satellite cell becomes a nucleus in the growing muscle cell just like post offices in a growing city you have to have a certain density of post offices in the city to service a certain area of the city right so if the city is getting bigger you need more post offices the muscle cells getting bigger need more satellite cells right or you need more nuclei and those come from the satellite cells but there are some studies various animal models even humans where you can see that you don't have an increase in the number of satellite or number of nuclei and them scale the muscle although it's gotten significantly bigger 20% or so something like that you know you can see up to 20% increases in muscle cell cross-sectional area without any parent impact of satellite cells but in the long haul and even when you look at in the short term studies the more satellite cells you have the more output of those local factors that turn on the satellite cell activity and the more satellite cell density end up with the muscle the better off you are in terms of muscle growth so in the long haul when muscle cells are getting really really large like you'll see and some but not all the studies of more advanced body builders you need more you need more nuclei those come from the satellite cells so the way I sort of envision it like taking those piece in those things together is you've got muscle growth that's occurring and then maybe there's some sort of a threshold phenomenon where eventually when the cell starts to get so much larger the satellite cells have to eventually start producing more nuclei so a city that goes from 31 to 32,000 people and you don't need more more post offices but when you go to 38,000 people now it's another 8,000 people you need another post office somewhere in there you know be localized to the area of growth of the city but just in this in the muscle cell you need more satellite cells but there's a period of growth without that so if we keep growing and growing and growing the growth oh no oh no wait I hear you back now did I completely cut out yeah you did you said you said there's a period of time the growth yeah so as you're getting bigger and bigger and bigger the increase in muscle muscle cell volume across sectional area is going to precede the inclusion of more satellites cells are more nuclei so if you're there at that point where you're getting a bigger muscle cell then you ever had that growth happens and then it's not just all sudden whoops not our fingers more and got out of the nucleus there right there's it takes some time for that nucleus to make itself in there that's a that's a pretty large structural um reorientation of the muscle cell to do that so you get there and you got that size it's myofibular hypertrophy the muscle the muscle cell is functional but if you then die right back down again you don't have enough time to get the satellite cells that are in to become nuclei I don't have this time for the more nuclei and one of the mechanisms of muscle memory is are the satellite cells because once you've in the idea of being like once you've got those nuclei in there that's a major restructuring of the muscle cell it's going to just like hey where they were staying in this big right we got new nuclei in here so each of those nucleus is taking herbids domain it's so it's little volume that it takes over so it's going to it's going to act in a way that keeps the muscle at that size got other mechanisms too but that's the satellite cell potential contribution to this muscle memory phenomenon so if you gain that size before the satellite cells have established themselves as nuclei then you no longer have the muscle memory effect in place and you start dieting down again that that new muscle cell growth before the nuclei have established themselves is very labile it's not stable so so then it's easily lost but if you get it and you hold it and you stay there for two or three months right you got to your advantage then potentially the nuclei have made their way in so that's a muscle memory effect you also this is I think really important too is let's say you're going along and you're getting stronger and stronger stronger alongside the growth you're using loads you've never lifted before your squat and 500 pounds or 495 which you've never done before and then you begin dieting right away and you spent you had two workouts with 495 and then you're this is psychological probably neurological ah now I'm down 10 pounds I can't handle the 495 anymore right that's just that was a a Brett like I got five plates baby like that's big time but now I lost that way I just you can tell when you're not as heavy you don't have the mechanical advantage maybe of the extra fluid that's there and everything else but if you go up to that weight let's say your new 8250 pounds and you hold that for four months right and you're pushing 495 on your squats for four months right this is old hat for you baby this is you could do this you know you got this right so then when you dropped down and you're 242 you're like I'm still doing 495 yeah I own this bitch she's fine right we're going to town baby you must be I'm taking you for a ride that's how it's coming to work and you hold on to that because psychologically you know you can do that it's not like this is new found territory right so I think the satellite cells play a role there may be some epigenetic things that's the other mechanism but there's this neurological mechanism I think the muscle memory phenomenon where you come back and grow muscle more quickly after having lost it is partially because it's like learning how to ride a bike you know how to train already you know how to create that stimulus that reduces the you know you should not learning this for the first time yeah I actually had it real I had a question on that I had a question yeah me yeah yeah yeah you in the first row so let me ask you this so it and it had to do with with the muscle memory effect so let's say you get to a certain size you hold that size extended period of time then for whatever reason you know you go through life changes you stop training and eating you lose size now you downsize are some of those post offices going to close or are they going to stay there basically supporting that infrastructure to bring people back in to town and you know it be easier to is that part of it do you think what do you think happens to those satellite cells that's that's what the animal research shows is that they persist for months or years years even huh yeah so there's a study that came out um I forget his name he was on came on the podcast that they recently published some of this stuff they're looking cross sectionally see if there's a the difference in satellite cell density amongst sat steroid users or advanced trainees yeah and I don't there was really nothing that was clearly evident you know but the the animal and if you take a year in an a rat life you know that's like X number of years in human life the rats might live to be two or three right yeah so that's like decades in human time but those satellite cells after training will stay so the satellite the muscle cell satellite cell density will actually go up the muscle will shrink but the satellite cells are there so they're ready to go to town so let's say you know got like instead of having a hundred satellite hundred nuclei keep on calling the satellites there's actually nuclei when they're inside the cell and up but you've got a hundred nuclei and then you train and now you've got 115 nuclei yeah then you stop training the detrain you still have 115 nuclei those nuclei then have a lesser relics of load to conduct the protein synthesis um actions that are necessary there in that local area you've got more you know to handle the the load of the post office delivering and organizing and shipping of all the packages and letters it's an easier for each of those each of those nuclei it's one way to look at it right yeah um but that seems and then when you when you take those animals that have detrained and they retrain them they retrain them they retrain more quickly than they originally then it took it originally so that's the demonstration the muscle memory effect which we see they're ready to deliver that mail when the city grows again and it's and you can you can get that increase in saddle and nuclei from when you put at steroids to the mix in the animal models so that's the idea you know that you have an advantage that could be very long standing you used gear for five years you know and then let's say you stop training the effect of gear on the saddleite cells you know itself could mean you have a muscle memory effect that you wouldn't have had otherwise yeah um it could be because the gear in of itself does that or the gear just lets you allow you to get bigger when you get bigger you get more saddleite cells probably a little both but the gear would give you more saddleite cells and then give you an unfair advantage just in general because the more saddleite cells you have there were nuclei you have the better off you are in terms of muscle growth and muscle size generally speaking you gotta misleptia with us IPv4 the tell you well let's do what's up welcome so so that's that's the deal I think I think that that I think psychologically it's really important you know people's I'm getting you know a lot of guys will have this tendency to want to maintain their volume when they're dieting down and maybe drop the loads and let's just like I'll just do an extra set this sort of mentality the way I've always thought seems to work better is you don't have their cover abilities but if you can rest longer and be as focused as possible and maintain your loads your training loads get the same number of reps or close to it with the same weights you're going to hold on to that and the research shows in general you can prevent detraining with a lesser frequency and lesser volume is to be regardless of the exercise adaptation it's easier to maintain than to gain basically so that makes me the saddleite's pretty cool you know that's a it's a pretty cool phenomenon I like to that's I think I like the male analogy the post office analogy yeah that's the one it seems to work really well to explain this phenomenon so yeah muscle cells are very unique because they're so giant they're mono nuclear they're they're probably nuclear not mono nuclear like many cells are said like you know standard cell from biology class has got one nucleus and it's nucleolus and blah blah blah the organelles the muscle cells have saddleite have nuclei over the place he's as to three times got a male into as a good fat burner oh yeah actually that's the thing so I first time I use melanin 10 too I just like tired of going to the tanning bed I feel this is probably better in terms of skin tan skin cancer risk et cetera and I'm like I have to use it for like just a few days and I'm like first I could tell my appetite was decreased and I'm getting leaner it's not just from getting skin put a post up is on Facebook and Instagram he said he was just a picture of him his head his base he's at the beach and it says remember brown fat looks better than white fat so I was maybe thinking that it's like the melanin obviously makes you brown I think there's some some outward possibility that can might use melanin I don't know oh yeah so he's a melanin brother yeah I'm just joking yeah he's a I'm surprised he doesn't have his own company for bulletin skip small and I know already she said yeah skip tanning you know yeah yeah it's going away of doing it whatever so that kind of helps with your look obviously that's why people you know but protein or whatever on when you want stage but and the animal research shows that so melanin binds the melanin court and four receptor in the brain it does turn on the sympathetic nervous system and he ever's appetite it has an anorexic effect in rats so it's you know in certain ways like it's a really it's a visit right so it's not prescribable I think it's kind of like very illegal in Australia actually well yeah it'd be problem but they're really strict on so many things yeah they are for a probe but dieting down bodybuilder it's kind of a lot of potential advantages because it keeps your appetite at bay it increases your metabolism you don't have to go in the tanning bed or go outside so it helps it's it was developed to reduce the risk of skin cancer so you're you have that melanin in your skin which would would absorb the UV radiation as opposed to getting into the nuclei yourselves and creating a mutation that causes skin cancer so it's an anti-cancer drug as it was developed for and then it helps with sex drive and erectile function right which tends to go the way side when you're four weeks out from a show so it helps you know if you've got a partner and just I mean let's put it this way like I'd rather be horny than not horny even I don't have a partner it just feels better to have a normal sex drive you feel more alive yeah at least I do you know so it has that effect so it's got lots of positives can documented I think that melanin when he was living at altitude may have contributed to high hematocrate for him polythemia yeah yeah yeah that's right so that's a negative I found like one really kind of obscure reference in the literature that that could possibly have because I was looking and I wanted to help can figure that out way back when so there's that possible possible issue but yeah melanin it's not known for that but I'm just like how can you not tell like the you know the people getting this spontaneous boners that last grade hours and like prifism is a risk factor it's like a prop and negative side effect that you got to go to the hospital because you you had a reaction thing yeah it's like that it's like oh that's cool it's like no that's not cool it's not cool when when it's been eight hours right you're like oh shit it's not a very safe thing but it I can't I just really surprised that people aren't noticing it's like this is inhibiting my appetite and I'm dropping weight and I look leaner I literally felt like I'm getting leaner like I could like this is I can just see this in the mirror and it wasn't just the skin getting darker so yeah it has but that's probably highly variable you know I haven't seen the um looked in the genetics that I don't think it's been studied in humans but just like with every drug variable if that some people you know claim GH is the pro maker drug right and some people don't get deadly from it you know that could be numerous reasons but in a time I never used yeah anytime I never used melanin I was dieting for a show anyway so it's it's impossible for me to tell like oh I didn't I can tell you this it's not like adding clan I can tell you that now you know I mean it's not like adding T3 those things for sure there's no question like oh yeah now I see a massive change melanin did it add to it I'm not going to say that it didn't but I think that I could have still gotten just as lean regardless I see a massive change in me personally yeah it was like what the fuck I was even so I'm like okay what's going on here yeah like why like this is just badass it's like I was just like you know I jumped three four three weeks forward in like three days wow just something like I remember it was like within a week I'm not sure if it was three days the first yeah now I kind of expected but I was like I remember thinking okay I'm imagining this like let's give this another shot right and it may have been to some degree maybe I was eating less I don't know that I at that point in time I first I used to count on my calories right anything down and then I've been the last decade or so after 15 years of competing whatever I'm like I don't I think you kind of wing this a little bit you know use my it does change your appetites you're gonna have to regulate differently if you're just going by appetite and feel but then I'm like okay I'm gonna look into this stuff a little more deeply and see what I can find on the Malena court and system and it does I mean like one thing that I think I've seen mentioned that does make sense so this is sort of a so vestigial system in humans so it's Malena site stimulating hormone is what it's an analog of and Malena site stimulating hormone of course stimulates Malena in production in the malena site so that's why you get a brown skin and there's just the thing that occurred to me immediately was people tend to eat last or at many people do when it's warmer right yep and it makes sense just from a thermal regulatory standpoint to eat less have less body fat because body fat is insulating if you live in a warm environment yeah I'm wondering if there's some evolutionary correlates or coal evolved systems of of appetite regulation with the Malena and Malena court and system that we're tapping into with this drug because it makes you brown protects you against a hot sunny environment and protects you against adipose which would be counter it wouldn't be helpful for a thermal regulation and hot environment so it you know it's it does some pretty cool things body building wise so but watch your madacrit you know it's kind I'm sold if I were to use it again I would want to try the nasal spray version of it yeah I'm terrible for remembering to take shots like I just I forget so I yeah I thought about it I know that the amino site that she'll not be mentioned that I don't use code think at that they they I think they have the nasal version of it I saw Carl and Nor saying the other day that he started Malena 10 up nasal spray version he said something about it improving plaque something like that I don't know how biogled with the nasal version is I mean just Malena 10 in general was beneficial for like part plaque so I don't know I have to have to see that yeah the thing like obviously the the side effects you know the flushing that you get is just nasty yeah that's really that's why stopped I yeah I I'll two things I noticed got so I think it literally though like I had epigenetic changes from it Irish a lot of Irish in me right and I always would burn yeah I'd always burn always burn and I used it like a lot of it for a couple couple three years three or four years and after that I stopped and then I was just tan from then forward and I just tan I tan a lot faster I think a decade later now I think I'm back to where I was but for years after that I would just get like a golden brown color instead of turning red so there was that but also I got real sensitive to that flushing in the nausea and even at like a megalic or tiny dose yeah it got worse over after having used a lot of it that couldn't get used to it again I tried to get used again and I just get real sick feeling and I'd say okay I'll take you in a smaller dose a smaller dose and I was taking my next to nothing and I'd still feel it and could never get used to it after that so I I said I'm going to bend it for now but I've never heard that before because for most people there's a tacky fil axis that flushing goes away pretty rapidly yeah and it always has yeah and then okay that's interesting I wonder maybe that site which can't be named has like the most potent version of that stuff maybe it does I didn't get it from them though this is years back so yeah that's interesting because that's the thing is like people if you use it for three or four or five days in a row you don't even notice in anymore like there's like oh yeah did I okay I can barely tell that I did my dose then you take three days off it's like you're starting all over again it's just nasty yeah it reverses you adapt and then then that that reverses rapidly and most people from the animal research what I could find too is that although you'd expect with that tacky fil axis so that at it sort of adaptation that it wouldn't work as well in terms of the other positive benefits things were looking forward but it seems to persist in animals oh but that's animals are not human so that you know could be different maybe that there's something about my genetics I don't know it could be yeah yeah anyway just it is an interesting very super interesting compound but yeah I think it's totally underrated as of fat loss agents maybe I'll give it a go again see what I get I get use of tan anyway stay in the basement they long on the podcast right all right let's wrap this thing up guys we appreciate everybody who's being in hanging out with us um gets guts booked right the book yeah if you're looking at it you also be why it will be be coach dot com and yeah man it's it literally is take you through your off season actually to start to start out basically help to figure out what you want to do in your off season set those goals achieve those goals into your contest prep through your contest prep and literally take you to the day of water changes in getting on stage and then after that post contest it covers like basically just it was a big brain dump this is a one hour or two hours show we do that's like everything you get all of Scott's knowledge in one place yeah and yeah check it out guys yeah and of course trunutrition.com use our code think over there supplement source dot c8 for Canadians and Scott this is uh this is awesome man this is a fun topic and I think that people enjoyed it if you guys enjoyed this then definitely you know leave us a like comment share it with your friends and if you haven't subscribed guys if you haven't subscribed you watch this whole thing you should definitely hit that and hit the bell so we appreciate you guys thank you Scott cool happy Sunday on yours all right