The interesting thing, if you compare that middle set of bars, which is six-month post-training with the, they call them elite bodybuilders, the seven years of training, their fibers are the same size. Well, how is it that the elite bodybuilders have arms that are, let's see, it's three and a half inches bigger. If their fibers are the same size. Well, they probably have more fibers. What are we going to start with? We want to start with the, the, the big thing that you had been doing a bunch of research on today, with the, the question about genetic growing muscle that question. Yeah, and we can, I, I didn't have to do a bunch of research. We just found things I knew about. He did a lot more than me. Okay, let me put it that way. All right. This is from Brian. Brian is, uh, one of our longtime listeners. I wanted to give him a shout out as well because he always, uh, comments with thoughtful things. And, uh, which, of course, comments themselves, they help to boost the show up. So I appreciate his support with all of our shows. And I appreciate that he's getting something out of him. But he said, question for the next episode over the years. I have seen multiple examples of absolute freaks who have that one muscle group that just does not respond like the rest. Marcus is, Marcus rules triceps, Ronnie's calves and so on. These guys are the best of the best. But when it comes to growing muscles, uh, and, and with the best genetics in the world, um, what is it about those weak muscle groups that just will not grow despite being exposed to all the training and supplements in the world? Thanks. Okay, so this, this is a, like, potentially, there's so many different tangents we've gone with this. I think with those two examples, I have, I've got the first thing to come to come to come to mind, you don't have to go in any deep muscle biology in order to pieces together. I have the suspicion that maybe Ronnie's calves were better. And when he, when he was, when he was younger, you may be able to find pictures. And they started to grade. Yeah, they weren't always like weak. You had, he had good calves, but I think he may have torn them like I torn mine. I've torn my right one. There's no, there's no meal gastroch. There. It's gone. Yeah, because I, I, I tore it. I never felt any pain. It just felt this little bit of a snap and over time, it just, to generate it. Um, people sometimes get bad shots and they get nerve damage because of that. Um, I know of multiple examples of that. Um, if you look at Dennis Wolves calves, they sort of went downhill over time. And he's in a couple people. Yeah. So it may not be simply what, what his, kind of asking about is like, why didn't his calves grow? Um, so well. It's that maybe they weren't that bad. And when you saw them at the end when everything else was fully maxed out, the calves had a different history of being torn or being maybe maybe did some shots in there and had an issue with it. The same thing makes you wonder about Marcus. You never know. Um, his biceps are still huge. Yeah. Like you can, like he's very active in the German body, living scene. He does like videos all the time. It's funny. Because there's a lot of guys, you know, you know, this phenomenon, well, when someone wants to make themselves sort of a little more famous and get more views, they, they, they invoke the name of someone who's much more famous than they are. So they should have to patch that out whatever. So people take pots and I sit Marcus all the time. There's all these back and forth videos there in the German language, but, like, you know, Mark is saying something and this person saying something back and forth. They want to know, it's just, just ridiculous. But his biceps, at least to you, train. He trips train with, um, who was color sent see? I think say say his last name. The German guys originally from Poland, who was, was he, he was fourth in Olympia. Okay. And in the classic physique, he's, he's the best German body builder out there now. It, um, potentially placing wise recently, he's, we may be in better than Roman trip, because he's just placed better than Roman has in his category. We'll see how Roman does Roman's, Romans coming your way. I think, yeah, yeah, I don't think it all. Okay. I was going to say I didn't think it was a secret or anything. Oh. Yeah. No, no, no, he's made that known now. Yeah, I can't go to the camp. I only can go to the camp. Bro. Uh, from there. Bummer. Oh, that's right. Cause you're not, you know, we're near Tampa. No. I'm, I'm through hours away. And I got my RV, but I, so he's, we got limited. She's got a cone on her head now and he's looking good. So we'll see if he changes that. We'll see what his placeings look like after this after a couple of years. Yeah, yeah, finally. Because he was putting down, see does lots of his videos. And we're getting off topic now, but does lots of his videos and there's lots of an English as well. I've noticed. He didn't follow his, you know, a day, but in the off season. And he stays so lean. I feel like he's a guy that needs to be able to force food like that, you know. That he had to. Yeah, there wasn't going to get any bigger unless he just, unless you went all in like that. And he did. That's cool. And it's paid off because he's looking incredible right now. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway. Yeah. Hi, so back to Marcus. If, if and I'm not saying that he did or he didn't, people accusing me of this naturally, if he was putting something in his biceps, that's a much easier muscle to shoot than the triceps for size. So, and if you run into an issue, if you're doing this on your own, that's what you're doing SEOs or doing local injections and you develop scar tissue, like you could people should end up there people shoot through biceps as much as anywhere else. They just like the quick stuff there. Yeah. It's very easy. Yeah. The triceps is a little bit harder. Yeah. Try to put it, try and check in your triceps. And because of the difficulty in doing that, you may actually cause muscle damage. So, so that's one possibility, like you've got the injection and muscle tear history, potential of the person. So also what how a muscle grows over time is a function of its loading history. That's kind of a fancy fancy term for how much does it get used during the day. Has it been trained? Has it not been trained? You, for instance, you're an example of just the opposite of this phenomenon in a certain way because your calves are a friggin world class and they out pace. Yeah, like no, your calves are ridiculous. And then you've trained them. They're super ridiculous. You trained them. We talked about this multiple times. You sent me that, I'll never forget you sent me the video of just looking at your feet while you're doing side ladders and you're up on your tipito. Yeah. So you've got this loading history, whatever it is about the way that you learned a locomotive is a kid. Yeah. Probably some of your biomechanics, maybe there's something in your environment, like maybe like me to see up over tables, something like that when your kid who knows. But that's the way, you know, you don't have much of a heel strike. And you're, so you've got tons of loading on your planar flexures. You had a loading history from the get go early on of just loading the out of those calves. Yeah. And there's some potential I haven't, you know, people talk about when new muscle fibers would form or when muscles grow. But there are periods early on in development. We know this especially from the animals that you've got satellite cells that are particularly involved with potential to create more muscle fibers. So you may have been doing that as a kid or early on in a way that led to large, but you don't actually see how big your muscle fibers are. Whereas what you could kind of use it as an estimate of how many you have. You may have normal sized muscle fibers. But more of not terribly large, but a lot of them. So so there's all that in the loading, loading history that can play a role. So what the calves undergo, this is what people train to have differently, compared to what the bi-seps undergo can be completely different. Bi-seps are, you know, you're not doing much with them. You know, if you're not, if you're just training and you're doing nothing else, but like writing and maybe working at a keyboard, you've not got much going on there. Yeah. So what you do, if you look, look at the loading history of when you're training during the day and let's say you do, um, I'll say you do 10 sets for a muscle group in a week. Something like that. And each of those sets is a minute. You've spent 10 minutes, um, once a week. So add up the hours, seven times, 24 versus 10 minutes. So like one sixth of an hour versus 148 hours or whatever that is. No 180 hours in a, in a, in a, how many hours in a week, 24 times seven, a lot. A lot. So it's a very love with the moral. Yeah, someone's going to post it for us. Yeah. So the very small number amount of time is actually spent doing the training. And you see these, this phenomenon in the other animal models of hypertrophy, the compensatory approach, which you talked about, they take out one muscle group of the calves. They got the solution and watch the gastrochrome. They'll do that. One thing you tend to see in, for instance, an older people is that the leg muscles will after fee more so than the upper body. Over time compared to younger people. So that's what you see in older people is they don't walk around as much. They don't not as active. Their step counts go down as they age. But so do you've got this loading that's going on the legs that progressively changes and you lose size there. Whereas in the upper body, people do, you know, even see the way people like the lean against things with their upper body, like literally if they've got a bad back, what have you and most of Americans have to age to 40 have a bad back. So you've got this little change in the upper body loading history. You have a much less loss of muscle mass. Whereas you stop walking around so much and squat squatting. You get bad knees. What do you don't do? You don't squat down. Yeah. You bend at your back, you know, and you're not, you're not doing anything. It's closer. What a stiff leg of deadlift would be or deep squat would be. You lose size there. So there's all sorts of accommodation that can happen. People just don't move around in the same way. They don't get the same loading history that's going on all the time outside. You look at, um, look at tennis players. And, you know, you think a tennis player playing being, you know, like the way to big up build a big arm, but tennis players have a bigger arm in their, in their dominant arm than the other ones considerably. Yeah, it's fairly well. Oh, I've seen that. I remember seeing Roger Federer and just seeing like a huge discrepancy. In fact, I'll look post production to see if I can find a picture that would demonstrate it. But his right arm, or I think it was his right arm, I believe he was very handed was muscular. And the other one almost looked at her feet by comparison. Mm-hmm. So there's those things. And then there's also like what does someone who knows. We look back at the, at Marcus Rul, he's so decraising heavy pressing. Maybe he, he constantly used to go really wide on his presses. Okay. Drivers team, like he's got in the, um, uh, what's the name of the video? And in his, the main video that he had, uh, I'm liking on the name of it. But he's doing like Smith machine presses. And his hands, we can't see me because there's no room in the camp, but hands are literally, like almost as wide as they can be. His range of motion is very small. Yeah. Five plates on the Smith machine. That's fine. But it's crazy. Yeah. So he may have had, really, and so that doesn't favor a good range of motion for the tri steps at all. So if he just wants his presses that way, it's not getting tri steps that low in their way. Some of that may have been because maybe he had chronic tri steps 10 the nightess. Mm-hmm. Some people tend to get 10 the nightess in the knees or in their, in their elbows, either in hamstrings, the patella tendons and tendons on both sides of the joint. So that's going to limit direct training there. So there's, there's, there's a lot of things that are involved that could be possibly involved as to whether one muscle grows or another. The thing that's interesting, um, two is this whole story with satellite cells. So we've talked about this. Satellite cells are just outside the, the muscle cell membrane. And they're waiting. And we, this seems to be important. I should have, I should have got one of these figures. But if you look at what, what happens in those who grow really well to gain size, really, really well versus those who are non-responders or just moderate terms of their response, there's kind of three things that happen at least in terms of satellite cells. One, the people who respond really well in the muscles that they've tested have more satellite cells available in the first place, just one with them. They also have it increased the number of those satellite cells. And they're in the density of those satellite cells. So they, the satellite cells proliferate themselves. And they're ready because when a muscle cell gets bigger, it needs more nuclei. It's so, so big it has to have multiple nuclei. You can't just grow and grow and grow. So some mixed evidence here, some of it depends on the muscles that are being sampled. Which satellite cells are important. And the growth factors that turn on the satellite cell activity are released in larger amounts in those people. So the interesting, you know, we can start comparing muscles. You generally see the muscles, like the muscles of the diaphragm versus which is a different, has a totally different loading history. Diaphragms always going. Yeah. It's like your heart constantly there. Yeah. Those, the satellite cell activity there is different than what you'll see for instance in a calf muscle or a quad muscle. Sure. Or biceps or absiceps. So, and also, if you look at muscles that, here's the satellite cells are so fucking cool. Look at muscles, at least in animals that have like a lot of a type 2 fiber type. And you take those satellite cells out and you put them in culture and you can get them to turn into regular muscle cells. Those will tend to become type 2 muscle cells. Okay. They just, so they're, they're not completely undifferentiated. They don't have, they can't just turn into whatever. So they, they pick up on the local environment or what that, that person's genetic reclivity fiber type wise happens to be. They've done studies with, this is really, this is one of my favorites. I mentioned this before, I think. They take in endurance athletes, they compare them with control people were sedentary. And they take a little muscle sample and they pull out that and they take these satellite cells. So the satellite cells are just sitting there. They're not muscle, they don't contract, they produce no force, they do no exercise. They're just hanging out like, it's okay. See what's up? Like tell me what I'm going to do, what's next and I'll be ready to, for whatever adaptation is impending. They take out those satellite cells from the trained individuals and develop those, let those, the, the, the, provost those in a development with growth factors into functional muscle cells. It's in a cultured dish. So it's not connected anything. And then they look at the insulin sensitivity, which we know is improved by exercise in those satellite cells that have never exercised. And they have better insulin sensitivity compared to the control people who didn't ever, who weren't exercising. So the satellite cells are aware of, they're picking up on the metabolic demands, they're picking up on the, the nature of the, loading history of the, of the muscles that are there. And those, and they're, and they also are aware of what fiber type they come from. So you've got this story of, if someone's, for instance, born with lots of type 1 fibers in a muscle for whatever reason that may be as one that tends to be a little bit stagnant to growth. It's a, it doesn't want to grow very well. It's a weak muscle group. You're going to have satellite cells in there that want to become type 1, 1st, those don't grow very well. So you get 20% growth in the type 1s and you get 30% growth in the type 2s. If you've got a muscle that's mainly type 1s, you're stuck with those in terms of the growth to get there and the, and the satellite cells aren't going to help you out too much. So there's that. And let's start pulling up some of these figures because now it's, there's also a cool shit here. Let's see which one is the best one to start with. Let's see if what's, which of the first one, which one did you have there, that came over to you first. The first one is the one that says 2006 and then the one, yeah. That one. That's all that one. Yeah, why not? Why not? Alright, so there's a lot, very little data here, but it's somewhat, it's somewhat mixed, it's kind of interesting. So in that first, first, the bar graphs up top, that's from the study, they're, they're sort of from Italian researchers published in 2006. And what you see in the left is the difference in the cross-sectional area of the vast slatter Alice in particular and the quads. So the open bars are the control individuals, untrained and the bodybuilders, at least two years of training this case, are the grayish bars. So their muscles are bigger. If you look to the right, you see the distribution of the mice and heavy genes. So that's basically how much of what fibers did they have. In this study, if you look at that first set of bars there, which says MHC1, if people can see that, it's in the upper right, you've got a scenario here where the bodybuilders tend to have more type two fibers, which would be a good thing because type of fibers tend to grow more. So that's interesting, that's fine, that's one finding. If you look below at another study, in this case, you can just look at that right-most column, MHC1, mice and heavy-chain 1. The numbers, the means, there, are four competitive bodybuilders and then just recreationally resistance-strained and endurance-roar and then the control. What you see there, if you compare the competitive bodybuilders with any of the other groups really, but resistance-strained, you see the strongest difference here. There's a tendency there, you can look at all the values. The tendency there for this case, in this study, with these people, when they sampled the triceps, and not the quad, not the vassaslideralis, but the triceps, brachii, so the arm muscle, the competitive bodybuilders tend to have more type one, mice. So the muscle, potentially, you can compare these two studies that you sample, is going to give you a different picture in terms of what's happening. And of course, you're quads. There's a guy, I think his name is like, because Bulldog's something like this, I found him somewhere on maybe Facebook or put him in YouTube, I follow him Instagram now. He lives in Texas and I think he was born without legs, so he does everything with his upper body. I posted a kind of a motivational video from him the other day, couple three weeks he'll maybe. He walks around on his arms, he doesn't have any legs. He's like, I've got the state record by far for revenge, but he can be conventional 500 pounds. No kidding. But he has an leg, so he puts him in a very low weight class. But he's frigging jacked. He has a national level, if not a pro level upper body from a bodybuilder. He's a beast. And he's part of potentially part of why he's so big is because he's been using his upper body like that. So much. Yeah. Yeah. But he started that way as a kid. If I remember the story correct, maybe it was very young or maybe it's just born without these legs. I think maybe it had to be an appetating one, it's very young. I can't recall exactly. So imagine if you had to do the same relative effort level and work with your arms that you do with your legs during the day. Like you had your legs just were paralyzed. I've seen guys who've had spinal cord injuries who have done everything they can to become able to body to same scenario. So there was a guy who used to go to the separate center who had a, he drove, he had a special set up on his, he was a lower body spinal cord injury. And he drove it as special set up so he could just use his hands for the break and accelerator and the steer. But he had a chair too that he used. But he was one of those guys that he could, he could like, you could get out, buck him self in on the chair and get on a rope and pull himself all the way up. He had a, he had a Jeep. He would park his Jeep and his wheelchair was in the back of the Jeep. Yeah. And he had a frame or a rack and there it may have been custom made and he would literally get out climb around like a monkey swinging on trees climb around and just hand hand his way over there. And with one hand, he reached in a grab as wheelchair put on the ground, flip it open and then swing himself down land to the thing. Holy shit. He was, it was like his gymnast. It was amazing. Upper body was just jacked. It's huge. One big muscle. Do the same thing at Judas. Yeah. So there's multiple ways to get to hypertrophy. And this is one kind of more direct answer to this question because there's so many cool little bits and pieces to this story is that if you have someone and we don't know about Ronnie or there's those other possibilities of injections or what have you that may explain the differences in, by Ronnie's calves, maybe got worse and by such a better for Marcus and the Strikes-Eps. But if you ask someone who's genetically gifted, who does really well, like whatever they do, they tend to grow much better than the average person right off the right out of the shoot. They're really, so they don't have to do the trial and error necessarily that someone with more mediocre genetics has to do. So it may be that they would have to train their calves or a week muscle group in a different way. And they never get around to that. And we're going to see those people who are prominently like really amazing bodybuilders with one sort of missing body part more often. Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Bodybuilding Media. If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software and the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at True Nutrition. True Nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now. I'm super grateful for them. And I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. You could use our code. Thank you for health supplements and performance supplements. Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions. And if you're in Canada, check out SupplementsSource.ca. They have free shipping over $99. Huge discounts on overstock, short dated, in label change products. They have all your normal supplements too. Thank you guys for listening to the commercial. I hope you're having a great day in that your bodybuilding is going well. Let's get back to the show. Because they're so good. And then it's even more glaring when that is there. Oh yeah. Because they're so good. Because they're so good. And they don't do the trial and error that most of us have to do in order to figure out what works. And it can be all over the place. So we've got the muscle that's involved the satellite cell density that's there, which can vary what's happening over time with those, depending on the loading history of the person, how they locomote like you, walk around on your kippy toes all the time. For instance, there's so many things that can go into this. So here's, let's see what the next thing I have here. So this is an interesting one. There's this other part of the story. To pull up the next thing I sent you, I think it has Medugal written at the top. Got it. Let's take a look at that. So this is a cool, kind of a cool study. This is an old school one. This is the one study, instead of the topic. But this is the one study that sort of suggested that circle class, which I purchased, was potentially something that was going on. So that's another aspect of this. I'm not going to be focused on that for now. But in this case, they had body builders with about seven years of training on average, prepared with, actually, they had untrained people and they trained them for about five six months. And afterwards, I think that's the, let me show that's the after. Yeah. So after they compared after six months of training with the seven years of training in their body builders, and their body builders still had about 27% larger arms after training. Although they got decent growth with that six months of training. These guys, judging by their weight, they're like 98 kilos. So when they got, they were, they were off season. If they dieted down, they would probably be middle weights. So their arms are like 17 inches, something like that. So that's, that's not bad. For a middle weight, 17 inch arm, it's a big dude. Yeah, that's a good exercise. That's for middle weight. That's a good exercise. So that's all that data is on the bottom there. If people can see that. So top is what happened with fibers. And this is an old old studies. They're still calling them fast to it, since low to it's type one type two. And you see the first two sets of bars. There are the pre and post training for their kind of control group. They're cutely trained group. They spend a half a year training. And they got decent growth. Fiber area went up in both fiber types. The interesting thing, if you compare that middle set of bars, which is six month post training with the, they call them elite bodybuilders, the seven years of training. Their fibers are the same size. Well, how is it that the elite bodybuilders have arms that are, let's see, it's three and a half inches bigger. If their fibers are the same size. Well, they probably have more fibers. Oh, okay. Yeah. So there's this hyperplastic potential that's there to get more fibers. Hyperchity, this is why you, people hear me say muscle growth probably more often than hyperchity because hypertrophy technically means an increase in the size of cell. In this case, muscle cells. Hyperplasia means an increase in the number of the cells. So when you measure muscle growth, when you measure fiber size, you're measuring hyperplasia. When you want to talk about how big a muscle's gotten and you use an MRI or a CAT scan or ultrasound to measure the muscle thickness or the cross-section area, the volume, then you're measuring muscle growth, which didn't measure hypertrophy. People just call it hypertrophy. They just use that term in generically, but it's actually technically not correct. No big deal. But it's important because it sounds good. It sounds real sciencey. It's not a sciencey. It's not a sciencey. It's not a sciencey. You'll see what's the thing is, in this case, if you just looked at, like, here's an interpretation of that study if they didn't make any circumference measurements. They didn't measure them whole muscle size. It just made circumference measurements. They noted in there that they did skin folds and the skin folds were about the same. It wasn't like the bodybuilders were really fat. Something like that, if you wouldn't expect. But if you look at the post-6 months of training and you could pair that seven years of training, that suggests there was a lot of difference. There's no hype. The extra six and a half years of training did not create any muscle hypertrophy. That's what those data say in terms of fiber. But you look at those, the ones got, like, one guy's got how many inches bigger arms. It's obvious who the bodybuilders are and who the people are who are just half of your into training. So it does make a difference. If you're looking at hypertrophy, you get much larger relative increases in fiber size, and you're going to know typically see in muscle size actually. You might get a 30% increase in fiber size, but the muscle only maybe gets 10% bigger. It's because not all of the muscle is just fiber. There's other things that are in there. So that's the other potential is it could be for whatever reason that someone is just lacking in satellite cell density in a particular muscle. The satellite cells would one thing they're involved with as a pinch before is increasing the number of nuclei that are available in the muscles that are getting muscle cells that are getting larger, but they also are potentially fusing become brand new muscle fibers. So the former is hypertrophy, the latter would be hyperplasia. So if someone has limited in terms of satellite cells in a particular muscle, and they vary across, if you look at like, compare muscles with the eye, we got muscles more than just biceps triceps, quads, hamstrings. We have muscles of the eye, which are super duper fast. They've got, there's some actually other contractal proteins in some of those muscles. The muscles of the massider, your jaw, super duper strong. There's a different mice in there. You've got different satellite cells. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah, right. So there's potential variability in a given individual in the number of satellite cells that they have, the dreaded love of density, which is important, the relative amount of growth that you can get from those different fiber types, and the extent to which potentially I haven't even seen this study, maybe someone's maybe some evidence, but if you've got satellite cells that are associated with type two fibers versus type one fibers, which of those is best, which are those populations of satellite cells is more likely to be able to contribute to hyperplasia, which seems like it could be important. That's this, this, this, the glugos, they only just looked at, suggests that hyperplasia is important. So I think I've got one more figure here to go through. That's kind of interesting. Yeah, this one's funny. This one's cool too. Little bit off topic, but it's the same kind of thing, which was always. Yeah, that's a lot, I think you're just the third one, I think. This one's fiber number. Actually, yeah, go. One before that, this is female bodies, this is always at the very top. Two sets of bars. Let's see how one first. I can resend it if you need. There's so small, I can't quite tell. Was this it? There we go. That's it, that's it. Cool. So this is a cool one. This one, they compared male and female bodybuilders. Okay. And they've got the mean fiber area here is bigger and men than women. So what you see in the most of studies with men and women is they get the same relative growth percentage growth in fibers or whole muscle area. Okay. Women start off with smaller fibers. They grow to the same relative percentage. No kidding. So they end up with smaller muscles. Yeah. So their fibers are just small and you can see that there. It's pretty interesting. So I'm intended to have more high point fibers too. Yeah, no kidding. So I mean, I just, I get rid of this for just a second. You know, I guess there's almost like you just think like women don't grow as much muscle as men, but percentage wise. They do is what you're telling me right now. Yeah. That's fascinating. Yeah. The cool, my favorite little anecdote is that you see upper body strength. There's substantial difference between men and women. 40-50%. Man. Bench, you can see it. Although some of the best one bench pressures an hour getting pretty freaking close. And nothing against this, but there's probably anage and use that's involved there too. So you wonder to what extent, obviously, you know, we're pulling these amazing athletes out of the woodwork more so now than maybe 40 years ago. But what extent does ant do antrogens be quite the playing field in terms of the fiber growth that can happen in the end versus women? But women didn't have more of their muscle in the lower body relatively speaking than men. So if you look at body weight, even though you got more body fat relatively speaking, you look at muscle mass distribution and do relative strength measurements on men versus women. So with a leg press, many women are really, really close. Okay. That's why if you want to test yourself, train lower body with a woman in the shape. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's going to be able to hang with you weight wise pretty good relatively speaking. Plus they've got better ability. They've got better endurance a lot of times. More type ones helps with that, a better ability recover. It's a whole their story there. That would be a fun time. That would be a fun time. It's a fun point. Oh, yeah. We can cover that. We need to that. Let me be fun. We had a strength testing lab back when I was a University of Western Cali. And there was a guy who was kind of the star of the baseball team actually, he's the best player. And we needed to have a one-to-have a gender comparison. So he was going to be the guy who did the leg press. We had one of those really old school, universal leg presses with the selecterized stack and a little, itty-bitty foot plates. Yeah. He's got, yeah. Exactly. He's really good about it. If your foot slips off, you're screwed. And so he was two hundred pounds, at least. And she was a hundred pounds. And she was completely untrained. And he'd been lifting for years. And we did this strength test, one rep max. And then he lifted the whole stack or pretty close to it. And she got half the stack. And then we realized that to body weight, she actually beat him. No one's getting stronger than he was. Yeah. He was by a little bit, like, 5-10%. Yeah. And he was like, he was embarrassed. Like, literally, you see this. So we have that interesting phenomenon. So now let's pull up this, this is from the same study. This next, this last slide. OK. It's just pretty cool. For last combination of figures. All right. So this is an interesting one. So what they can do with the kind of made an estimate of the number of fibers an individual has. And they have fiber area, which they've measured. And they also measured cross-exual area of the biceps. So let's start. We'll just start at the bottom. This one's kind of easiest one to look at. The more fibers you have, the bigger the biceps area was. So that kind of makes sense. If we think back to that other study where you had six months of training and seven years of training, having the same fiber sizes. But the seven-year trainees, the bodybuilders, had much bigger muscles. That means they had to have more fibers. If their fibers were the same size, but they've got bigger muscles, they just have to have more fibers. This speaks to hyperplasia. This is another piece of evidence here where the number of fibers you have correlates with the size of the biceps here. And they also found, interestingly enough, that's what we look at the top here, that there was an inverse correlation between the fiber area and the fiber number. So the smaller your fibers are, the more you tended to have. It almost would suggest that there's a possibility that as you grow and get better, that the fibers might be gets smaller. So that's kind of an interesting thing. The bigger the area, the smaller the number of fibers. So here's, and I didn't pull anything up from this at kind of around at a time, but you can move that there, that figure. So the most impressive study showing muscle growth was a study done with quail, with the weighted wing studies. We talked about this one here. I think this is in our 100 to 102 series. It's been in every seventh episode, the quail. The study comes up. Yeah, it comes up. I'm glad you're remembering. So the cool thing there is, this is when they did progressive overload with these quails. So they had to sort of remove some of the quails from the study so they could measure the fiber size and the muscle weight as they went through about a month's worth of this stretch overload model. So they hang a weight off the wing of the quail and then they measure the interior at the Christmas door size muscle. It's kind of like hanging a dumbbell off of your arm and looking to see what happens to your trap. Yeah. And initially compared to the control animals, the fibers got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. Right. As the muscle got bigger and bigger and bigger. And then in the latter half, and they were doing like two days on one day off and added weight progressively over time and they produced more muscle increase in muscles size in this case wet weight than in any other study to date as far as I know. They're like over 200% increase in the muscle size. So this would be like taking someone, you know, and putting on 100 pounds of muscle in a month. You can't do that with a whole body. But in this model it worked because just that one muscle that's being stressed. So the muscle kept on growing in the second two, second two weeks, the latter half. But the fibers got smaller. So fibers were getting smaller and the muscle was continuing to grow. No kidding. Because they were adding more fibers as they went over. So there's so many factors that lead that are, that are, can potentially involved with how a muscle grows. Do the fibers just tend to get bigger? Do the satellite cells? Are they equipped better for fusing themselves and leading the hyperplasia? The loading history of the individual? Is that involved? The response that is to anagents in terms of this. We've got males and females who just tend to have females have smaller muscle fibers. So if we add anagents to that picture for someone perhaps who's, who's a male already, and you know you go super physiological with the anagents. They go from you know, you go anadle to two grams a week. What happens there? I don't know what happens in terms of like a hyperplasia versus hypertrophy. I haven't seen that, you've seen that ease out. So it's a very, very cool, cool question to ask is the why that is. And the thing that people don't necessarily do is try to figure out what training is going to work best when what you've been doing isn't working for that week muscle group. And there's one other piece to this puzzle. And this is, I've mentioned this before too, but it's kind of an important thing is that the whole point of the weight training is to figure out how to make the adaptation into an increase in muscle size. That's like, it's sort of like, you're going to have a, you're going to have a group large group of people over to your house for a party. And you've got two choices as to how you can accommodate that. You can go rent some chairs and you know, get a little temporary structure to, you know, provide some shade from the sun or case it rains. That's a cheap, quick, done, done easy. That's no problem. Which is equivalent to just changing the mitochondrial content or increasing the enzymes that are involved with metabolism. So when you come back and do that training stimulus again, you try to train again. You got better endurance instead of getting 10 reps, you get 13. Because you're more equipped now energetically. That's a really down and dirty way to adapt. The larger overhaul is to go and like, well, I'm going to build an entirely new structure with plumbing and HVAC and electrical and everything else that has like, I'm going to build, you know, with with with church pews in it and permeates that are permanent permanent permanent structure. Exactly. That's what we're trying to do with hypertrophy. Yeah. So some people who do there's not non-responders to muscle growth, they just don't grow from a given, given stimulus that they get. We saw that in the in the studies where they did the five versus three or two times a week in the same person. And some people didn't grow from one of those training programs, but they grew from the other one. So, because there was likely some adaptations. I didn't see that they tested this. I don't think it's been there. But if you looked at the individuals who got no growth, let's say out of the two or three times a week training, they got the muscle didn't increase in size. I bet their performance went up because they're doing progressive overload in the study. Okay. So they got better. They could do more reps if you took them back to their initial weight they used at the beginning of the study. They probably could have doubled their reps. So there was an adaptation there. Enzymes, fatigue resistance, more capillaries, buffering the past. You also have to think changed, but the muscle didn't get bigger. So you could, you could even be someone who's in the gym and if you're just looking at your weight and your reps. And it's like, you know, I keep on getting stronger. I'm just keeping it simple. This is fine. Great way to do it. I've gotten better on all my exercises and I've grown all my muscles except for the week one. Why isn't that one growing? I don't get it. It's getting better. It may be adapting an entirely different manner. You may have to do something completely different to get it to grow, get the cells to hypertrophy so that you get muscle growth because it's really well equipped for that reason. And it could be, like for calves, is it is a potential. So really calves is a really paradoxical one potentially because you have the situation of chronic overuse, like the compensatory hypertrophy. Your calves are grown because they've always done that. And that was an adaptation that your muscles took on, like this makes sense, you know. And maybe that if you, if you didn't have this locomotor pattern and you started as an adult, it wouldn't work as well. I'd bring it there as an interact. Yeah, between what happened during growth and development, when everything's sort of figuring out, okay, what does our environment need? That's an epigenetic phenomenon. Muscle cells will, there will be changes in the methylation of the histones in the nuclei of those muscle cells and probably in the satellite cells where they, if they've been trained previously, the adaptations that training occur more rapidly when you retrain after a detraining period. Yeah. Oh, cells remember. So there's something that has learned along the course of our lifetime in terms of the loading history of muscle is exposed to that is going to give it a better proclivity to adapts to that particular stress down the road. So that person who gets better in all those exercises and their calf raises everything goes up and then we'll get any growth. It's like that muscle may not be equipped for any of those reasons to adapt into that particular training regime. So you're going to have to find another hack to produce hypertrophy as opposed to just getting enzymatic changes. Makes me wonder when you say the muscle could be trained early, maybe during development, to grow. I wonder about that baby Hercules, or you see these kids, like some little six-year-old rushing kid that has abs and delts and everything else. I wonder what their development will be like when they're 20. Are they doing something now that's going to permanently alter the way that their muscle will grow for the good possibly? He looks normal. I saw something years ago now, when he was early 20s. Oh, he's that baby Hercules guy grew up. Yeah. I think people said people suspect that his parents might have been given some extra good good. I'd imagine so unfortunately. But we know that previous exposure to steroids does seem to produce a muscle memory effect where the reggrowth is so he might be a hyper-responder if you were to get juice. I have a feeling now. If you're six years old and you may be loved at the time, but if you were kind of forced to be on that regimen, the first thing I'd want to do when I'm 20 years old is probably not do what my parents made me do to begin with. I mean, I feel like I did that. Yeah. Because he probably missed out on so much. So many things. Because like six hours of training or something like that a day. Yeah. I was something just kind of crazy. But that's what the Eastern block athletes have. Eastern block. The Russians knew this, the Soviet Union. Some of the commonest countries. They knew you take people who got the kids who've got the genetic potential. And then you maximize that by getting them as early as you can in life and putting them into their training regime. Yeah. Well listen, how do you say, friend? Thank you. What? I was going to, I was going to choose subjects. Yeah, just like just just my friend who she was bench pressing from the age of six, a matter of which was in college. Yeah. She had pretty much no friend for everything, but she could bench 275. Yeah. Okay. Totally natural. Totally natural. She go on the gym into the, into the Rex Center at University, Georgia. And she'd light down and warm up with one 35 for us. Had 10 guys to be rushing over and think of you. It's a no with the bar. And then she'd bang out 10. And then yeah, she'd, you know, she'd, she'd trained with two and a quarter. What was her like chest and shoulder development like? It looked. It was good. She was a swimmer and she played tennis. She's been a being a state champion in both, I believe. So like, her parents were both educators, both childhood development experts, who stayed in her cadets of Ph.D. And they knew, you know, there's the importance of early childhood exposure to things in terms of eventual adult development. So they, she's just started, she likes, she loved playing sports. I mean, she wasn't fortunate to do any of this. But so they had heard, like she said, would she got to do some upper body strength? He was an exercise physiologist, like she got to do some upper body strength. And so she just started bench pressing. They go for their morning runs or whatever as general conditioning. Yeah. And they come home and he had a bench press in the garage and she just, I don't know what she did, like, you know, a few sets of bench press. But from the age of six. Yeah. And so she developed that neurological pattern. It was just a groove. She used to, um, they, uh, they, like, had her play a game. It was called math blaster. It was like on, like, one of the old, you know, old computers. It was, it was kind of like a space invader's game, but she had to like do the math really fast ahead. Yeah. Yeah. And, um, and she's, she has, she has, she has the PhD in molecular biology. Okay. I don't think she was podcast, but, but she scored a perfect score on her SAT. I think when she was 13. Oh, yeah. Maybe she's, yeah. Yeah. So she's being a state based. It's a builder for that. Yeah. They drilled her for that. But she's not like, people with that level of intelligence or with those types of test scores, you're like, like, okay, like, you're, your, your heads working at a totally different level than mine. I think I did. And I didn't need to do what's going on up there. You're like, you're like, five. Thank you. How did you, you're, uh, your household genius there? Yes. You came by to drop off the checker cup. Thank you, dear. So, so yeah, there's something to say. So, um, yeah, you may, you know, you don't, I guess I wouldn't give up. I think you miss your, your window of chat, your childhood window of opportunity in terms of muscle growth. But you got to think outside the box. You know, and that's what a lot of times people with great physique have never had to do. So they don't do it. Um, talk to a, you know, friends who've got, you've probably seen this, some of the best athletes who've gotten, they've gotten all the way, they've gotten just kind of doing kind of whatever. And then they, so they haven't developed the problem solving skills. Absolutely. You and I have. So that's why those, those muscle groups may stay weekly, just keep doing what they've been doing and they keep getting what they've been getting, which is not improving in the week muscle groups. Yeah. Because they haven't got an awful strategy. Remember, uh, it was rumored that Arnold got calf implants, which I'm, I'm guessing probably didn't happen. Uh, but maybe, you know, maybe he figured something out because I mean, there was a point he didn't have calves, so then he came back and he had calves. So, I mean, yeah. I always said it was that he, he cut off all this pants. Yeah. Yeah. So he had to look at his calves all the time, you know. I don't know. I like what I've never seen is, and you think someone would have done this as a before and after on his calves. You would think where, yeah, somebody did somewhere. Somebody has somewhere. Okay. If you're in the Facebook group, the think big Facebook group and you want to do one for us, we'd love to see the before and after of Arnold without good calves and Arnold with good calves. Yeah. Yep. I would like to see that too. All right. Well, let's get, yeah, we've got a few of them here. Let me see what we can dig up here. And when I know we had one in the live feed, anybody who also wants to drop anything in the live feed, feel free. All right. So here's one cleaning cramps. He says, is this nervous system over stimulation and what are ways to fix it? So we talked to all about Clemby at a raw by the way. We got a lot of really good feedback on that episode. Thank you, everybody, who had commented on that one. And I think that wasn't really good up a so just got it was it was very, it was great science and you broke it down in a real simple way that was easy to understand. I think a lot of people connected. Yeah, I got that impression too. We were digging it. So Clem can reduce to produce a moderate at least, hypocholemia, so low potassium levels and the blood. Crams are generally thought to be a function of what's going on and the nerves that innovate the muscles. So it's some sort of a electrolyte dehydration issue that causes. Eases depolarization in those nerves. So they tell the muscles to contract more easily. And that's what you have when you have a cramp. Yeah. Or something like a cramp. So touring is the best antichramp, self-mino of its awesome for that. It works really well. A little bit of potassium is not a bad idea necessarily for getting like this is why people say have some bananas because bananas are hypochasium tends to work. I tend to suggest people just take a multi-mineral, which has potassium in it. You don't want to like take in a bunch of potassium. The 99-milligram potassium pills that you see, you know, that's where you go to typically is dose-at, is because that's like, it's like one person, one pills, like one percent of your RDA or RDI because you can take too much potassium. You can cause too high or too low. You can cause heart aridnias and that's not something anyone wants. So there's tonic water. It's a quinine and tonic water. So possibility. Yeah. And just drinking more fluid. So that gives your kidneys a better opportunity to make sure that things are that your electronegile levels where they should be. So, but you can dehydrate yourself. You can dilute the potassium even more. Yeah. You gotta keep the electrolytes and everything up if you're drinking more water. I had a couple things on it to mention. One, I just told the guys on Bloodswet and Gear the other week, we were talking about quinine and I bring in an experiment where I kept tonic water next to my bed. I would get calf cramps all the time when I was when I was prepping and I was on higher doses of clen and I'd wake up and I'd drink like some salt water real quick to fix it. And then I wanted to see what would the quinine work. So, you know, with the tonic water work, instantly Scott, like I would get the cramps that can't the cramps, really, he couldn't even stand up, you know, because it's just so bad and took a drink and literally within seconds it relaxed. So it's crazy how fast that worked. There is, there's a study, so people have used pickle juice too. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a particular study where pickle juice literally had that exact same immediate effect. And it was before there was any noticeable change in the sodium levels in the blood. There's, there's some sensing mechanism. There's some osmosensing mechanism that is probably reacting to fluid intake. Some of it's maybe unconscious, some of it maybe it's totally conscious. That's it work here. So you can literally just have the pickle juice in your mouth. And you'll get the effect on reducing the cramps. I think it was like to be a cramping muscle. So yeah, they've done like there's mouth-rinsing experiments, the showroom that just like just rinsing your mouth with a sweet carbohydrate solution, you can have urgigent effects. You don't take in the carbs, you don't swallow it. Like you don't get any carbs, there's no fuel that's coming from what you put in your mouth, because you spit it back out. But it'll have that impact. And I've done this a couple times to people when I've been at shows backstage or someone like when after they come off and they haven't had water for a while. Because it happened to me all the time. I always always know it's so you go and you like, what up you did everything you'd drive yourself out right, you know, your, your pH is dribbling and then like you haven't peed for like four hours. It's like you finally get done all done, you can drink all you want. So you got your bottle of water that you brought along, so you'd have something to drink when you're done and you drink literally a halfway through, oh fuck I got a pee right now. It'll the urgency to urinate happens instantly. And I remember it was like saying someone's like hey where's my water? I said just pay attention to this. I'm not trying to put it in your mind. But do you got a pee right now? No. Like okay. And then they take your drinks like I got a pee like how did you know it's going to happen? I'm like because it happens me all the time. So it's pretty it's pretty cool. And that's a really like how did this, how did this particular, it's like a reflex essentially. It has developed. It's a that's that's that's is I think that fits the definition of a reflexive physiological phenomenon because it's just getting into your mouth like you're drinking it. It's like the quinine hasn't had an effect. It's not a had the chance to reach your neurons or anything. It's just there. So someone could be really psychological. Because you know you're taking something but happens with the pickle juice happens. People just drink water in their sense of urinate. So something about how we, how our nervous system senses our hydration state and our electrolyte state is very cutely sensed with this reflex phenomenon. Phenomenal there's probably many of them. Yeah. So I think it's the colibus and you're really exporting your work except for that one pickle juice study. And the research that with the water and peeing thing I think that's a great tool in context prep when you're trying to get dry. You know what I mean? Like you can I mean I think that's one of the reasons like you can drink a little bit of water and it'll stimulate you to keep peeing too. Yeah yeah yeah yeah I haven't really done that so well because I've been poisoning other things but yeah you're just got to be careful unless you're measuring it like you can end up drinking as much as you're peeing and you don't you don't you don't you don't you're aggressive. Sure. Yeah I've used that but like keeping water in and then gradually reducing it but making sure that you keep it in and then you know check on people like hey well check you know check back in an hour with new pictures and let me know how many times you pee between now and then and we can kind of yeah the other thing I was going to mention to you was just a random thought I was having and it's interesting I think Andrew Barry was having kind of a similar thought that so I was looking into some stuff about touring and and I saw that low touring there's a relationship to low touring and heart issues and and I know that Glenn depletes touring from what I understand so I know that if I keep touring in the system I know that that's going to help to keep me from cramping on Glenn and I know that Glenn can also be bad for your heart. I wonder is there a relationship to the fact that it depletes touring if low touring and your heart causes heart issues? Yeah I my my suspicion is related to free radical production. Okay. touring is a really really good antioxidant actually there's another study showing that in rats it prevented nanderloam toxicity in the gonads touring do these rats. For indeed yeah so yeah it's got free radical quenching abilities and your heart is the penultimate producer of penultimate oxygen user but that also means produce lots of superoxide radicals so every time when you're in the process of aerobic respiration oxidative phosphorylation it's a great term so you use an oxygen and it's going through the electron transport chain and basically this scenario where you're just kind of like letting water flow through a dam so you're harnessing the potential energy that water to turn the turbines and produce energy you you let these electrons flow through you create a proton gradient and what happens at the end there is the water and hydrogens combined with electrons or sorry the oxygen and hydrogens combined with electrons and you get water but every once in a while one two three four five percent of the time instead of having water produced you get an electron loaded onto an oxygen molecule and you produce a superoxide radical and that's a free radical so that free radical is it's like a radical like person's radical it goes and then it will cause other it will damage other molecules this is what free radical damage is all about so the heart because it's producing so much energy it's constantly going it's producing lots of free radicals so it's so it's an antioxidant status is very important so if clan clan is going to substantial reduce the antioxidant status plus it's turning on it's increasing the oxidative phosphorylation it's because it's it's going to act it's a some path of a medic it's activating your heart your heart rig goes up since your blood pressure to so it's producing more free radicals and then reducing your ability to cleanse those just just by virtue of reducing touring status in the heart cells so we've got then you've got um you've got the damage of free radicals there it is there thought yeah no orange great orange great very very worthwhile so I've worked it into my daily my daily plan now I used to just use it you know like during times I was using clan or times that I thought I might cramp stuff like that but now it's part of my regular go to I can see your coffee in the morning where you've got the 30 grams of the collagen and then you had like five grams of creatinine and then post creatinine has tastes like anything and then you have your grams of chlorine and you just have like a mountain of white powder a little bit of coffee because it's like coffee mountain off your powder sludge mix of some NCT in there you know that's the new thing or in several years ago people started doing that the bulletproof coffee and yeah we go all right so here's another real science E1 for you Scott talking back about so this once again relates to the last episode we were talking about p450 so does using that supplement that inhibits p450 increase stress on the liver is there any differences difference at all by the sounds of its effectiveness when all gear users even with injectables should be using this product to increase the active life of the drug administered assuming he or she is not using any other chemicals that need that metabolism factor so I think you know one thing I think would be really interesting and we kind of mentioned this I asked you before the show to talk about would be like what what is the p450 pathway yeah so the liver has kind of simplified to sort of two phases that are involved with detoxifying xenobiotics so foreign chemicals which are drugs or toxins or things that aren't producing your body the comfort outside and the the first is involves these p450 enzymes these cytochrome enzymes and what those do is they and there's utils and utils of the very technical term thousands and thousands of these and they some of them are used very generically and some of them are used or more specific but these is modify and involves electrons actually modifies the xenobiotic the foreign drug let's in this case so that it can then be conjugated with something and get gotten rid of so it's sort of like imagine someone comes in your house and you got people coming through your house your business all the time who you may have to have show forward out so the first thing you need to do is make sure that they that you're that you're the people who are monitoring your door to get rid of these unwanted these safe unsavory characters can take them out easily so that's what the p450 enzymes does to modify them so then they can be conjugated by your your body guards and then once the conjugated they can be lost in the stool or or excreted from the body okay so so the first phase one is the p450 enzymes and phase two is conjugation of some sort and we're very ways that that can happen we call bucronidation or sulfation there's actually differences there that are involved with antibiotics steroid metabolism so the problem is that that first that phase one produces free radicals and those are toxic so that's why most almost all of your liver supplements things like alpha lipolic acid or acetylyl cysteine or the the herbs in live 52 those are all all have free radical quenching ability to do that they you know they turn on the enzymes that are involved with free radical quenching or they are antioxidants in of themselves so here's the thing um yeah as far as penultimate damage to the liver it's probably going to depend on the person and the drug because oftentimes there's multiple pathways it's a very it's a it's a I I actually have a I can send this to you why not I think I have it here available oh cool thank yeah let me pull it up right now take it's on PowerPoint so I was putting together a presentation we talked about this on um Tomoxford novo dex yes yeah I'm interested to hear about that yeah I got to put together my my medical waiver type of thing see let me just send this this is just an example one that I just knew I had for actual someone to check this you just got all right it's looking crazy oh yeah it's an if he huh oh yeah let me know if I love these things let me know if you want me to zoom in on any part of particular oh yeah that bottom circle we can just move that out if you can zoom in on the kind of the upper left let's bring it back down you can see Tomoxford in this at the top there yeah all right so those all everywhere it says zip there those are all people for 50 enzymes and what you can see is that like a prince if you look at Tomoxford in the center there and it goes to four hydroxy tooxford those are all p450 enzymes that can do that okay they can they can make that conversion and there's one for instance like the zip 3a4 that is involved with Tomoxford to four hydroxy tooxford yes and then four hydroxy tooxford to endoxford it's also involved with Tomoxford and death's methyl tooxford so it's involved with multiple pathways it so it but so if you inhibit that one for instance someone is going to have to rely on other enzymes okay for metabolism you may completely block or just slow metabolism or you may end up end up changing the pathway so if you cut off one water is rolling the water is flowing down a amount inside it's got multiple streamlets that it's in you block one more water is going to float down the other ones so depending on what you do in which drug this person or which drugs the person might have in their system and the isophorms of these particular side of cromes these p450 enzymes for instance the one that I think it's a zip 3a4 let me check I can double check and see what I wrote in my yeah no zip it's a zip 2d6 okay oh you can see that one right there next to Moxafin right to the right of it's zip 2d6 okay that one's involved with all those same places as zip 3a4 is pretty much okay so that's a that's one there are there are at least a hundred polymorphisms of that enzyme that have you know identified that means there are a hundred different versions of that enzyme that someone could have so depending on the relative activity of that enzyme and the other in the zip 3a4 and the person and the drug you could change the metabolites that are produced and change the drug and end up producing different fluxes in free radicals and end up causing more or less damage to the liver depending on what pathways of detoxification are followed in terms of creating something that can then be lost by the system so in this case like all these metabolites here like a doxafin that this is just gonna jump ahead but to Moxafin doesn't really have binding affinity to the estrogen receptor this endoxafin it does no kidding so it turns into something else that binds yeah and doxafin is the main one I think it's 4 hydroxytomoxafin both of those have but a doxafin's considered the main actual serm if you can slide that thing up a little bit you see you see that in doxafin is an error that goes kind of the bottom left and it arches all the way down to nor and doxafin okay yeah nor and doxafin and here's the question that I'm I'm still kind of digging into because I haven't found found this it may not even be out there yet but nor and doxafin if you compare its anti-eromotace activity it's on par with that of letters all really yeah now so that's the thing but I just just wanted to see where that went so that's the cell target cells yeah and to oxidize this is really cool I can I can I can get what these things like I can read this you know what I mean yeah so that's the interesting thing is like so you're someone the effective is some to moxafin is going to be a function of how much and doxafin you produce yeah and the impact on estrogen production is going to be a function of how much nor and doxafin is produced which is an anti it's demethylated there if you're multiple pathways for that and so then you can see there's all sorts of other there's multiple pathways to produce to moxafin to endoxafin it can go through the four hydroxafin pathway on the right or can go through the left and end up there as well okay so that's an example there's actually another study I've got this all on this thing that I plan on putting out as soon as I get done with it in actually pre and both postmenopausal women and they found that basically about in about one third of those individuals estrogen levels went up when they're taking to moxafin really but in the others it's just stayed low so so some things going on there they may produce maybe producing no you would expect if you block estrogen just thinking of very basic negative feedback loop way if you block estrogen then the body would produce more of it the senses that it's not there that's what that's why people use serums and men you block the negative feedback of estrogen and you get more testosterone estrogen levels are representative testosterone levels so in those women for instance who had elevated levels of estrogen after they took to moxafin which doesn't happen in two thirds of the in this particular study it may be that's a normal response to blocking the estrogen and they just for whatever reason don't produce much of the nor endoxifen which is the AI so they're elevated estrogen levels they had elevated estrogen levels because they didn't have nor endoxifen being produced substantially but that's kind of unknown so but the interesting is that the the result in estrogen levels were substantially different in that one third of individuals so that's very cool that's fascinating to me and it's fascinating I mean just to bring that back up here for a second it's fascinating to me so it's not that simple number one that you take into moxafin and you know that's just what you picture in your head I'm looking at this whole web so to moxafin turns into all these different boxes it's so far from what I think like I think like oh I take a null of decks and you know it breaks down to my stomach it absorbs into my bloodstream and then it goes to the estrogen cells you know or estrogen sites yeah so much more complex in that and it makes me think too that if we're messing around with this like hey I want to take the supplement that's going to interfere with the P450 pathway like that's going to interfere with a whole lot of stuff I'd have to think then what about yeah what about internal stuff like things that we're like things that like that we're already exogenously producing you know that that would be that that would be like a whole cascade of things were we're altering then major wrench in the works potentially tymotsman is really a pro drug according to this because it's an endoxifen it's it's like a pro hormone that the with a pro hormone doesn't have any and implicit activity so it's acting as a pro drug you need to have conversion to get the effects and not every not all women who have breast cancer get tymots and effect from tymotsman it doesn't work universally for everyone and you can imagine we can look at all 10 times better involved yeah so I'm going to bring that question back up now that we've done this education he says of does using that supplement that inhibits the P450 increased stress on the liver is there any difference at all by sounds of its evidence then all gear users even with injectables should be using this product to increase the active life of the drug being administered so yeah so that would depend like I said on the drug and when how you change the metabolism and that drug and what that means in terms of how those metabolites how many steps those metabolites have to go through before they can be big and lead the body yeah so you may you may have you know levels of those metabolites along much longer turns on your free radical status and the liver too you know so I have to go and look and probably could find this but different there's I don't know to what extent a given molecule or type molecule must be removed in that phase too so let's say I'm going to just this is purely like kind of an armchair a wild ass guessing here but let's say that for a particular metabolite it could either be sulfated or um gluconorated so we've got a glucose or it's like a glucose moody to it or a sulfate moody and then it can be taken out so that's those are the the body yards or your you know your the people escort the unwanted then saver characters at the house so you got two options there and the safe for whatever reason someone um one of those is is not very available but that particular metabolite is means to be means to be escorted out through that mechanism and so this individual when they take one of these hasparrate in an orange and they create more of that particular metabolite which they lack the ability to rid the body of and then that sends that metabolite off into other pathways that produce more free radicals because of the continued activity yeah of the P450s so you you actually increase P450 activity increase free radical stress because you've changed the metabolism that would normally be maybe even for that individual a very simple not terribly stressful situation because now those metabolites they don't get out they they they they they're not they're not rid from the body because of that person's genetic abilities to do so with the new metabolites that are formed so it's like you know another you can you could take a you could take a one wheel or you could take a bicycle or you could walk or you could run there's various ways to get from point A to point V and if someone's used to being a bicyclist you say okay now get on this unicycle some people like like I can ride a unicycle chest as fast as a bicycle I wrote a unicycle for minutes growing up some people like I just fall flat on my face I can't ride a unicycle unicycle is not going to work for me yeah metabolically speaking you're changing the mode of transport for removal those metabolites from those those xenobiotic toxins or with the body is basically considering toxins those drugs from the body in a way that could be more toxic potentially but it's situationally can't say all are none so that's hard it's hard to know and I've looked and looked you know it's not like in this case with the tomoxin because that's the nice thing about a drug that's been effective against cancer you can't lots of money to study that yeah it's funny people say you know like oh that and I get why they say this is like you know we don't want to cure cancer because it's too much of a money maker but you can imagine the number of research studies that went into figuring out that those metabolic pathways like that's a lot of my imagination crazy crazy right yeah so you don't we don't see that when it comes to like you know hey how can we increase the half life of Diana Ball so body glitters can get bigger you know you don't see that stuff on anabolic steroids because they don't have the medical applications that anti cancer drugs do yeah we don't know those p450 enzymes we don't know those pathways in and out we don't have specific inhibitors that that lead us into pathways that are less toxic but also prolong the active state the active life half life of a given drug in a way that would make that drug more effective that makes so much sense that we do have the ability like we like if if we were interested in figuring it out oh they like they can find it so much more you know yeah I'm planning me yeah yeah yeah I'm going to make me present at a planet me head you know that's what we're doing you know keep the body glitters safe first and foremost yeah but yeah absolutely all right I got one here in the live feed from Tim he says hey Jens can you talk about the difference between muscle fatigue and failure so um here's the thing people will start using the term fatigue in different ways in the last decade or so okay so muscle fatigue just for the classical definition is it's the it's the relative amount of force typically force that can be produced that it give in state and just you can leave it at that actually so if during the course of an exercise about your force your maximal force production is reduced by 50% then that's your that's your marker of fatigue some people talk about fatigue is your relative kind of recovery state like you still have a crude fatigue so you train on a Monday and like you know if you've measured try to go on to do the same exercises on Tuesday then you know you're not going to be a strong because you got muscle damage involved so fatigue in the classic sense the way I've typically thought of that is a function of inability acute inability of the muscle to produce force or power um for to maintain a power output due to metabolic fatigue by products and or some function of the nervous system or the or the brain so your psychologically fatigue just hurts too much and won't I can't do it there's various low-sciath fatigue everything from the black box in here the central governor your brain to the motor neurons um there in your motor cortex that produce the movement patterns to the neuromuscular junction test potential fatigue in the depolarization ways that happen in skeletal muscle cells when they produce force then there's the acidity potentially you know that changes the activity of glycolidic enzymes and changes the shape of myosin so you maybe don't get as much power or work produced when you break down ATP so you lose efficiency there's everything from the beginning of the end is potential side of fatigue and that happens the more higher work output the higher the greater for fatigue is going to be yeah now the next question is what causes muscle failure and that's you know momentary muscular failure is typically thought of as like what that's the inability to maintain a force output or maintain a rate of work production so moving a hundred pound weight back and forth eventually you reach a point where in capable of doing that and that would be muscular failure um you could break that down into concentric failure or eccentric failure so ability to do another constant repetition that's why you can do force negatives a lot of those actually if you really want to kill yourself you can do 10 reps and then your partner's left the way up you can get three or four more because you got greater efficiency or economy with eccentric and more force produced with eccentric interactions and concentric so put the limiter on failure for most people I think is is up here in terms of motivation and having more push yeah yeah there's yeah I mean there's the studies that we talked about these you know where they take you know okay go to estimate your reps and reserve you know people say two or three and they're they're off by ten you still you know more yeah so would you say then that so muscle failure are you are you saying that we is is that failure that's not failure or the muscle then is is what you're telling me yeah I mean in a research study failures also I gotta add this just a kind of complete the idea here is that it's maintaining that work output if you're doing talking about doing reps of resistance exercise with with appropriate form and on a particular tempo so in a controlled situation so like you could keep going and then just make a widow maker out of it like you want me to do any extensions okay how many how many days can I go I'll just I'll just sit in the machine I won't stop I didn't fail right I said that's not over until I get off the machine right so but yeah but you fail you have your way 30 seconds between your reps and that's just pure willpower yeah so there's that but um yeah so failure I think you answer your question a lot of it is potentially yeah in the in the in the brain in motivation and all the inhibitory feedback that comes back to us that it hurts and then you know all the hidden psychology as to why we just don't want to push ourselves to the point where we're potentially injuring ourselves somebody commented on you to you and one of the one of my Facebook posts it was dusty it was a dusty head said something in the show about training to failure and somebody's comment was that we nobody trains to failure that training to failure would be that the muscle tour or was near tearing what do you think about them? Well that's probably it's not true because most people aren't doing sets with maximum loads I mean why a muscle tears when it does like you have all sorts of muscle tears when people are doing just minimal things odd things like really lightweight or like guys like they they step down a um they take a wrong step walking down a ramp we're getting out of the truck or whatever and they tear a muscle and that could potentially be because of it's an odd situation and they have a really unusual activation pattern and it creates forced inequalities across a muscle that that leads to a tear one place and once once it starts to tear it's kind of like the the yellow pages the strongman trick you know you're the L pages the tear and the trick there is is getting it started once it starts to go it just goes okay so you can have a muscle tear with a very light load I'm going somewhere this yeah but most of the time if you're doing a set of 115 what's that? you always do you said I'm going somewhere else yeah yeah yeah everyone's not losing my way but but if you get to the end of your set and you're using 75% of your one-rett max it's not like the forces are higher than the muscle to possibly tolerate because you just you just did those you did 12 reps before you the 13th one when you're incapable of of producing another up. Now a muscle tear would also be one potential cause of muscle failure it would fail right like the muscle literally like that's a complete mechanical failure of the muscle like there's no muscle left that's connected from 10 to 10 to 10 to because you tore the thing yes but um yeah there spends on the exercise too here's the thing um that's just make this a science you may be in a way that other people because you know dusty I think I saw dusty's answer to it you know it's a good thing dusty side okay yeah no dusty like when he addressed it though on the podcast oh yeah yeah I love going to failure training you know 10 years ago or 20 years ago he couldn't do what he can now can do yeah you learn you learn what you're capable of you know by training with people who train harder than you or just having those crazy training sessions you just your bar incrementally goes up and up and up and up and what seems like here at some point like how that was just kind of the so-so training session 15 or 20 years would be like holy fuck I killed it baby like that was amazing yeah relative to where you been um but the here's the interesting thing there's a way that they've assessed like motorgain and activation so if if someone were at true muscular failure what you would expect from a neurological standpoint is that they are fully maximally activating all of the potential motor units that are available so motor units and nerve and the fibers that are connected to it so they're like there's nothing left it's like if you end your set and you're not like really at 100% activation then you got more reps and reserve you got more reps in the tank so they can test this you know um various ways but it's basically the same same um methodology they can activate the nerve or they can activate the muscle with electrical stimulation so usually like any extensions these is one dependent ascribe it's how it's usually done so put someone on the extension machine and you you turn up you put pads on their quad to activate a good volume of the quad and you figure out how much juice you got to give in order to turn on and get like 25% of the muscle force that they can produce voluntarily right so you let's say they can produce a thousand Newton's Newton's of force on a amount of dynamometer and you get up to 250 on that so that's activating let's say roughly 25% of the muscle mass so then you say okay now I want you the test subjects to push as hard as you can and then you turn on the juice and if they're already activating those motor units then when you turn on the juice you'll get no more force production already activated them yeah well what happens what happens with people this is the problem with the phenomenon here's the problem with the cup problems with this with this way of doing things is it and I we did this and when I back when I was in grad school and you see this in in the some of the studies you turn on the juice and the electrical current or the depolarization wave it goes both ways it goes down to the fibers and would turn them on if they're not already on it also goes back up it goes back up in the direction of where the signals coming down from your brain so it's like two waves gliding and what do you get they cancel one another new kidding so the force goes down so I'm pushing the thousand Newton's Newton's and you know whatever Newton meters and the force actually will go down because you're colliding with the with the the the waves coming down from the from the brain with these they're called anti-dromeic waves so the cancel another your force goes down so it's like oh okay well what does that mean like I was activating 120% of the motor units that were available there yeah it means that the method can't be used to test this but they still do it it's been done I don't have much it's done I haven't read a study for a long while I did but for years and years they would do this motor unit activation etc etc and they do studies for instance with there's a study with older folks where they'd use this same testing methodology it means we're like 65 real people who are totally untrained and they their claim was that they were able to fully activate the quads okay it's like well we know you take an untrained person regardless of how old they are they get strong really fast yeah you take an untrained older person first time to bring them in and they get they get strong even faster in many cases really urban studies with 90 year old yeah who like there's a kind of a classic study by Maria Friadaroni from like the like 1989 or 92 or something and they took they increase their strength about 200% no kid oh yeah just doing the extensions so as you're untrained like you have you're untrained and and you've also got sort of disused you just you don't know what you're doing you haven't you haven't done anything of you know relatively high exertion for a long time so it really can't tell but we know we know that if you know if you take most people and they're still making neurological gains then there's something going on it's not just whether the motor units are on or off there's something about the coordination there the rate coding it's called of the firing rate and the way in which the motor units are activated in order to produce more force that is contributing to their force production so if you're continually making gains or something that's missing there you're not you've not got full activation but I think most most people who train really really I mean if most people don't I I go into most gyms I don't it's I hardly ever see anyone who I look at and I say I came here the last time I did I was like I want to train with that person because people you don't see people like going after it not very it depends on the gym you go to of course yeah but it's very rare because it's a really kind of bizarre and not it's only socially acceptable in in gyms and certain gyms especially in train that are you know people just don't don't they don't want to do it because it friggin hurts and you have to be a little little bit you have to have some loose screws bounce around up top to do that so in the best way yeah so but failure here's the thing derelitarizes failure is failure for that person you know that's when when their system failed and under those circumstances you can you can invalidate the psychometric of reps and reserve as a stable reliable psychometric measurement because what you can do then is bring someone you know bring it bring in the researchers or bring in the big guys or bring in a trainer or you know having trained with someone like where they want like holy shit this can be great for a guy who trains the woman who's got better endurance recovery like he's not gonna let her beater yeah yeah yes oh you know so so he's he's got to hold on to his balls during this he's got a train hard he's got to hang in there or you've got a researcher who says okay give me three more or you've got Tom bats who says give me five more like we talked about before yeah so so that relative failure you know it's it's a function of the circumstances and the individual and what have you and it's a function of what you're willingness is in most in most cases in many cases what you're willing to actually put yourself through but you can but you can but you can standardize that in the research setting when you talk about muscle failure by using a tempo and forcing the individuals to maintain the tempo this is why I kind of do this in in in forditude training apart which is the whole there's kind of story but compare a widow maker with the pumps that pumps that's the reps are continuous I only I limit intentionally how much you can just dig in and do those grinding reps because that can create then that becomes a with an advanced person a test of their willpower and they'll heat up the recovery reserves doing that because they can get five ten more reps just by like like when you first time you did a muscle round with that with that standing squat and you just were like like you were taking a break between every rep because you just wanted to go as heavy as you could you know and I did the same thing first of my did Leo Costa's titan training with with his muscle rounds I did it was crazy what I what I did you know but I just wanted the train is hard it's possible so in a research setting you can say this is a tempo you need to maintain if they're unable to maintain the tempo then they reach failure so that's the work output of the power output or the the constraints of the of the workload that that is part of the training protocol so you can reach failure where it's sometimes it's kind of like this depending on the muscle and it's fatigue you train a small muscle that for whatever reason you don't have great fatigue resistance in yeah like this is one arm biceps and like you go and you go and you're like trying to stay on the temple and it's like okay I couldn't take the tempo so the sets over yeah that's failure yeah that's how it's defined in that situation she's like it was just one biceps that was nothing like it was it didn't like it didn't I'm not like on the ground thinking oh my god like I've gone to hell and back right it was just a little biceps girl which you reached failure yeah you do that now take a squat widow maker where it's like no I want to see like like ultimate failure you know or whatever it is where there is not a rep left in your system no matter if you got a gun to your head or your family's life is extinct or you're gonna win a million dollars or whatever it might be there's no way you're getting another rep it's just the absolute impossibility well that's failure on the to those circumstances where you allow rest in between the reps and what have you so yeah control for those things in training studies because otherwise you this disparity between people's willingness to go to extraordinary extent to just fucking decimate the muscle and they like to train hard will create a huge gap in what the actual training stimuluses you one person just go go go go's like okay that hurts I'm done it's like the reps didn't slow down allow me Donald got some hilarious videos when he and Mike is her till we're going back and for if you probably remember this a couple years ago and talking about like what what happens when you maintain a rep temple like that as you see a reduction in the bar speed for the tempo and you can see like the reps you know like the last rep is maybe four seconds when previous he was one and a half or two on the concept he was like okay that makes when she gets to like four like one two three four and you come back down again it's like that next one's probably not going up unless you stop the bar down or whatever yeah so like Lyle does like an analysis of that and he'd actually you know times the reps to show and that's that's another you know nice metric the show that you evoked a certain um requisite amount of fatigue that would you could equate to reaching failure to to speak or you could use as a way of of standardizing the stimulus of the set based on the constraints of the rep temple and things that you said in there because we just let people do willingly will it will it will makeers some people are like like that story told about the guy trained with like I did my widow maker and he's like I'm not doing that we're done and he ever trained just let's just like the never do a real little maker because they don't want to do that yeah another people will like you want me to do another one mofo okay I'll do that like you ain't beat me no way know how today never and they'll do it they'll go to they die in a right so you gotta constrain those things if you want to equate the stimulus and take the the brain out of the out of the picture it's to some degree at least so right on all right top it though listen let's wrap this thing up uh guys go to uh b y o b e let me try that again go to b y o b b coach dot com you can get scots book there b-room body building coach and uh check out our great sponsors too true nutrition dot com user code think over there uh go to supplement source dot c a if you're in Canada and for those of you at patreon that are helping to support the show thank you guys very much and if you're interested every five dollars helps I will have links to that down below scot has always man it has been a pleasure and I'll look forward to uh it's a hearing more about to moxifin as that unfolds yeah yeah we'll do man