How does it feel going back and see in this again after all these years? I just love it because of the fact that it reminded me of why I clicked into it. Like I could see people watching this, this react video and wanting to go watch this whole video and the curiosity rising of this kind of training again because it is a very well-thought-out progressive overload system that absolutely works and we said last week. I mean, I looked nothing like his physique when I started and outside of genetic differences a lot like it when I was done. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Reacts. Big Ron Parlo, Dusty Han Shah, The Producer Scott McNally, remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes, I am mutant.com, born hard core, get your all and get your ISO surge. And everyone get on the gear, go to I am mutant.com, use Dusty 20 Big Ron 20. Just in Harris and Steve Cuclowe, Project Super Heavyweight, we have talked about this many times. The members of this. Just in Harris, Steve Cuclowe, this is our training video. We have a few days of training, good old and 627. We prepare for our upcoming current test. I'll be doing the 2006 USA, 27 USA. I'll be doing the 2007 North Americans, this kind of September. They are training, no, no friends, nothing fancy. Grace, what are your future? Warm up fans, thank you. I'm just going to follow a three-day split. We do squats, my first lay day. Next day is Cheshaw's and Tri-Self. What do we gym, they were at here, what powerhouse this was? This is my neck of the woods. They turned together for a few years by this point. Yeah. And YouTube had become a thing in 05, YouTube had started and they upload this stuff and make it an upload it in 07. Okay. Okay. Let's see, we get past there, they've got some legs here. Is there anything in particular you guys want to see with legs and you can watch session? I know the squat session is going to be silly. I have a lead off of the calf's always then, uh, hands and then right into the compound movement. In every powerhouse gym around here had that exact equipment. Like all the same machines they had, all of these exact same things. Other of those plates, that's what my goal is to have to. Yeah. Plates ever. Man. You could you could tell how it just Dante was really big on taking a wide stance and squatting between your legs. Like, yeah, just dropping in between to get ad-actor in the quad, get just as much muscle activation as possible. So when you watch Justin versus Steve, you'll see Justin's got a real wide base. I see that one. So I saw Steve Cookelow compete a year before this at the Motor City. I mentioned that to you guys before. Oh wait, it was just a second. I got a wide cup of high-dane 10-grant, a red sheet of amino acids. Five beers of all Lucy and J.G.R.S.P.D. Back in the branch gym days. This is back in the branch chain days before we had the EA. Any city ants in hydroway in there too? Yeah. I needed before I come to the gym. I'll sip on that thing my workout. And then I'll show my course workout shake. We got home. So young there. Damn, okay. So he's on his way up here. So what's he do with four plates on his way up? It's just a touch. So he's two couple reps. You know, four, three. Look how easy that is. Three. Four. There we go. So four with a pause. Yeah. Everything about the DC training is just progressively feeling the weight on the way up. But you don't want to waste any gas. Yeah. I still am not a fan. I'm not a fan of one, two, and even I'm not a big fan of three reps. One of sets. I'm just like move. I like movement. I like greasing up the movement, you know. So you're old. I'm. Yeah. I do the same now. So there you go. Yeah. Yeah. So I saw a cook low. It was 2006 the year before this. And he just walked through the show at the Motor City Muscle contest. We do a higher than 10 C-star training. But DC training for the most part. And so I want much of just the abuse to the weight. We'll do it. We don't want to try to tell ourselves that. You just kind of double reps, make sure we're accustomed with the weight. You're turning that up a little bit, Scott. Yeah. You got those two quiet? I'll turn up more next time. For me. Yeah, yeah. Well, if you can't hear it, then they probably can't hear it either. Yeah, yeah. I could hear it, but I like Dusty says. Very. Okay. So five plates. Yep. Probably do like three reps. Two. Three. Okay. So five plates is a warm up. Okay. So five plates is a warm up. Okay. Yeah. I think they know it would be a pleasure for your brain. Yeah. Okay. This is just us getting warm. You know, I'm really serious. Steven's a 17 years old here. It looks like a meal. Yeah. He looks like a child. He's still missing. Right now to do this. That's so good. He looks like the chin. The thing he's got is chin. He looks like this kid that I used to know that drove a low rider. Okay. There you go. Two. I don't. So Steve's going up to. Geez. Okay. The kid can squat. Here we are. You know. We can play. Last week we tried to progress each week. Last year we got a 585 for eight. We typically try to stick around four to six reps. First range set. We'll do a back off set of 10 to 12. So I did eight with six plates. So I was debating whether to go all the way up to 635. But I don't want to only get three reps. Hopefully, shoot for somewhere in four to six reps today was 6 to 5. And we still try and go deep. We never try to sacrifice for him. We will go up and lay it. Now the fun begins. Those of you who have done 635, I think I did 3 to 4 at my peak last year. So this would be pretty close to most of your guns. So it's a good travel point. Alright, 605. Now. Keep in mind that's actually about 900 pounds because he's wearing shoes. So look at those wraps. That's squatting between his knees. Down between his knees. Four. Five. Nice. Damn. So the idea here with these is he doesn't want to get any help from Steve. So it's like a sushi captain that sets down. Some sure people like, oh, he could have had more. He doesn't want to need a spot for more. Help him for a 46 reps. That's. Yes, that's. So. That's a good progression. We just focused on small changes every week. We are. We go very hard, very heavy. We're ready for four to eight weeks. And then we back off. We're ready for one to three weeks. We rest up every cover. And then we'll start off a little bit lower and wake when we hit. We'll go back up in my end of the four to eight weeks. We'll be up at a new previous best hopefully. That's how you get better. You can get better. We're going to. We're going to. Five. Plains today. I'm going to warm up without raps. We do five. Play for a set. Always wrap. Because we're going towards that. It's going to be in a four. And so. What we do is. We we typically do rest. Postering. We're trying to rest. Poster. 600 pounds. So I went and did five or six raps. Racket take 10 breaths. And try to do more raps. And then take. But I can take 15 breaths. And try to do more after really be. Impossible. Really. It's unsafe. That was great. So you're going to. Brush pause on our. I have a movement like squats and deadlets. We'll do a heavy set of around four to six raps. And then. We'll do a back off set of 10 to 12 reps. I can't remember the last time I did four to six on squats. Yeah. I know. That's what I'm thinking. Like that's an untouched range for a long time for me. Man he looks like a kid. Yeah, he really does. It's crazy to think how far a cook low took his physique from. Man from here, you know. Yeah, that's a maximal set. He's maxing out for sure every rep. Yeah. So now we have to do our next set. Which would be a back off set of 10 to 12 reps. The last thing I did, finally, it's designed for 12. I've got 12 reps last time. I've got 10 reps last time. It's 12 reps and about up on it. So I don't want to be five plates again and get, you know, maybe 13 reps. So probably somewhere around 535-50 will be huge for 10. Okay, I'm going to try this for around 545. That was when we had a lot of time. We could get a break after our main set and win a draw. Oh, go. So he said he did 5 plates for 16 before. So he's going to do this this week. Yeah. One, two, three, four, five, shit. Oh, it was just popping, yeah. He wants me around 12 here. Man, it's the only guy that touched. Let's tell you, watch this dusty because I know this meant a lot to you back in the day, and this was real formative. Yeah, back then, I mean, I watched it to learn when I first used this. Yeah. And it was also good not just from the stance of watching how they were doing it, but getting a better understanding of like the progression. They didn't really good job. I think of explaining this for a video that was not meant to be 100% informative, you know? Yeah. To gather an idea based on what he gave you here if you paid attention. Yeah. But it's, yeah. Yeah. Watch it since then. I mean, okay. Watch it multiple times back then. And then once I nagged Dante and to work him with me, I didn't need it anymore. Yeah. Yeah. How does it feel going back and see in this again after all these years? I just love it because of the fact that it reminded me of why I clicked into it. Like I did see people watching this, this react video. And wanting to go watch this whole video and the curiosity rising of this kind of training again because, you know, it is a very well thought out progressive overload system that absolutely works. We said last week. I mean, I looked nothing like his physique when I started and outside of genetic differences, a lot like it when I was done. You know, credited with the training. Yeah. Yeah. No. Productive. And those are those calves that became like some of the craziest calves ever seen in my life. Cooke low. A few guys have never seen shorts up close. Just always had the craziest calves. So he's just going to crush four and a half or five. So much more confident with this weight, too. You know, oh yeah. And it's not like it's that much lighter. There's something great though, I think anybody who does back offsets can kind of test to is, you know, when you go from your heaviest and drop back, suddenly that very heavy weight because it's 40 to 90 pounds lighter feels like a feather in comparison. Yeah. Because you unwraker like, oh good. Good. This is light. It's like a light. Just lighter. Yeah. And now do they do a widow maker now? I don't know if he does this video. Usually you would. Does I know that 20 rep widow maker usually comes in. Yep. He's doing that. This is cardio. Four or 500 pounds a bag. Trying to take a breath. It's just don't want to do it. Just hold the weight of the child from that point. Get your people say, you know, we're resting between reps and catch a breath. But just hold 500 pounds any breath. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta breath. Sit a really good much, much rest of catch a breath. And now we'll be doing our widow maker standing in the last few squats. Not shoes for 20 reps. This way, when it came to watch. This is for 20 reps. I can't treat my quad. It's not my last set of five weights. It's like a five-bit beat. It's not going to just sit on a four-fiber 20. It's not going to fit. It's going to fit. It's going to fit. Don't breathe. Catch your breath first. Go. Go that body for the last. And let's go. Watch how light this looks. It's like a five-foot lift. It's like a four-fiber lift. I'm like four or five looks like after. You have six. Good God. He's going to do it. He's going to do it. He's going to do it. He's going to do it. He's going to do it. Good God. He's going to do it. Go. Go that. Go that. Go that. Every rep would use that for the same. I love his squat stance. Go. He's pointed out a little bit. It's climbing down between his knees. That's total weight. Go that one. Go that one. He's going. He's going. That's 16 before he needed a pause. Yeah. And this is how the Widowmakers worked. They're like this when you come for his, you know, meetings, pause and then keep going. And now forcing his men as he can here is a 18. And the only reason he stopped there was to be It meant the last one. There was, you know, slightly affected his quad on the last set. Yeah. Because there was a little more left there. You know, Wind was more of a problem of strength. Yeah. Just go set. Especially after all those six hundred pounds. And I fit to put it all in the mouth. The cows are catching the food. Yeah. It's time to talk. He's still, I was ready. He still came, yeah. He's still came pretty close to failure there. I mean, I don't know how many reps in his. Yeah. You know what? You're not calling that reserve. Yeah. That's how long you're going to hold your breath. Yeah. Yeah. 20 minutes of cardio. And after all, Katie's sessions. I've been through to the cardio in the morning. Well, if I have a treadmill home, but we had a three-month-old. And then one and a half year-old. And it's not fair to remember. It's really possible to do cardio with my family because they get up so early. I'd have to get up and record a cardio. And if I'm only talking about the data play with them. Justin was doing his cardio for the press. He would hold his daughter in his hands and walk her to do cardio. So it actually won't be a little bit of a backward car. Hold 20 pounds. That. That's funny. Just driving him out, boom. I'm wondering how people are going to ask about because we had it muted. Why he wrapped his hips. I've had to do that before when I had a hip flexor issue. For whatever reason, just throw in the pressure on it. It seemed to help. But I only had it on one side. So I went with the L.O. Cool J.Syle and just did the one up. You know? Yeah. You can be wrapped around his hips for some reason. Yep. Yeah. I used Brian and I'm out. I'm getting 20. Amen. 405 for 20 is no joke. No kidding. No. Especially after a couple of maximal sets. I feel like we're going back in one time here too. This is what the gym used to look like back then. For me, this was literally like my gym kind of look in. These are the clothes everybody wore to the gym. This is the people you saw at the gym. So what's this in other leg? No, that was it. I think it's changed. He just put a different. He's marketing. All of this. Oh. Yeah. I'm confused. This must be their showing their other workouts because yeah, that would be that would be it. You wouldn't be going back. I think that's really what we came for. Wasn't it to see that? It came for this. Is there anything else you guys want to see in this? I mean, it's a freaking, they've got the full thing up here. Literally hours long of the entire project super heavyweight for anybody wants to watch this. They're back days further up. Got chest in there. Yeah. No, it's a great little video. Yeah. The chest is equally funny. It's like the, you know, he benches. I don't know what he benches for his working sets. And then it's a 20 rep widow makers with 350. Yeah. It was like. All prosthetic. That's a little bit of trial in one day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, those were good times man. And like I said, those guys trained together for a while. And I, I'm positive there was footage of them on like the message boards. The message boards pre 2005. I'm sure that's where I first saw their footage because I remember the phenomenon of like, you know, seeing Kouklo is like a young kid like that. Yeah. But Justin can just think and fix any of our, or you know, as time goes on, we lose track of one, seven, half and Justin, if Justin ever comes on the show, we can definitely straight note exactly when the timeline was with all that stuff is cool. It was a great era. Yeah. And you know, the dawn of like the information age of body building, you know, like, to have that DVD because that was what that was like to see that at the time, would it, like we didn't get to see the guys trained. Like we weren't able to watch everyone train until this, you know what I mean? And it was so valuable to us. Like we'd be like, you know, people take it for granted now. But we would watch that scene like 10 times just to see like how are the hips moving? And relation to the knees and where is feet? And you know, that sort of stuff. And now like people just go, yeah, guys, quite heavy, guys, quite heavy, guys, quite heavy, because you're so bombarded. Yeah. So it was the appreciation era. You know, appreciation and motivation. That's for sure. Okay. Well, let's see what comes to that one. It's always fun watching those old videos. And like you said, if it's not just for the hair styles and the little soul patch, it's just a bit on there. The flavor saver. The flavor saver. Yeah. Okay. So remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Ring the bell. That's right. Remember, I am mutant.com, born hardcore. Get your all and get your ice surge and everyone should get on the gear. Dusty 20, big round 20. You know the codes. Yes. Thanks. See you again, guys. It's just bodybuilding. Reacts. Thank you.