Manager, where is a manager? It's about oh yeah this thing you run is for you and your people like that So the release yes Support fire arms and Canada freedom keep it tactical So I I'm gonna go pick my gun up today. Oh nice Yeah, I actually got my letter over a week ago saying I could go pick it up But I've just been busy and I was out of town. I went to the island to help my dad move today or this weekend I mean and So I the guy called me and said hey, you know a couple days later the guy called me is like hey, you know You can come get your firearm and I was like yeah, it's been really busy I go how many days can you guys hold it for? I think it was oh actually legally we're supposed to hold it for 365 days I was like oh, I got plenty of time. I'll come get this soon Yeah, I think it makes it happen You know I thought I was gonna have to run down there and get it you know what I mean because it's just been busy But so it's a Do you know how it works there like first of all does this gun shop also have a range? Will you be able to open up and start cracking off some sending rounds is the kid say no Is sending rounds no this gun shop doesn't have a range But I'll be able to get everything I need there including the lock the lock box and all that stuff. I have a lock box Yeah, and then and then there's actually a range Literally next door to the gym. Oh nice no kidding like I didn't know one building up Okay, just one building up. There's a shooting range to see people there all the time like it's like you know People go there for fun and you can like you know rent you know what I mean? It's like that type of place you go there and just like Joe blow can just go there and shoot some rounds or you can take your gun there and shoot some rounds. You know what I mean? So I'll probably use that place because I mean it's right next door to the gym So absolutely the neighborhood and that sort of thing so in indoors It sounds like indoors would be good that way you know for a native winter so you can still shoot on time of the year Yeah, yeah, you know I'm gonna go I'm gonna go and you know get my lock box and I'm gonna load up on the things I need like I don't have to buy your own gift to buy your own like headset Yes, yeah, actually You have to show or something. Yeah, you can get like all that Yeah, you can get some they have good ones now that are that that are electronic So they we call it ear pro so you need your eye pro and your ear pro But your ear pro you can actually like crank up the the sound and you can have like Super sonic hearing on top of having the shots muffled so it's kind of cool Right, right. Yes, I want to be a sideboard. You do it's one step closer You know and then of course I'm I'm assuming I'm gonna have to get like a really cool bag Like a real shooters bag like I can put my lock box in the bag and my eye pro and my ear pro and I'm sure there's like a Yeah, good bag. I've got this one. It makes it like that More than you need this is my my bag 511 tactical bag here and there you go tactical bag. That's what I need Yeah, check this out here. This is the story show and tell boom Oh Got on my right there, you know Got one there's a bunch more to it You'll be show us one thing don't fuck me on this one. Let's go Well you can also take this central piece out Then this central piece all your Put this right up on your bench. No, so this central piece is where you keep all your ammo and stuff So that's kind of cool and you can put a bunch of guns in there, you know, it's nice. It's nice bunch of guns Yeah, just bunch of guns just dump them all in there. I don't use dump them all I don't use a lock box in fact. They generally just do something to that yeah, yeah, yeah, you know You have to lock box everywhere in Canada like when you you can't just carry near boggling oh No restrictors hand hand guns are like almost Completely illegal in every possible setting and sense That's okay, take it the shortest possible distance from your home to your range or your gun club And that is the only two places on the planet you're allowed to have it You can't fucking take it anywhere else for any other reason so you can't have it at work No, okay I don't know Yeah, what if you lived at the gym yeah, it's good quest. Well, I guess if you could Was your home but it caught up and just put a caught up in the corner Is it a shower? Yeah, yeah, most of the time yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I got you I don't know figure it out So so yeah, to be a fun new hobby for me It'll be cool. I'm loading up on hobbies. I'm really hobby. You really are how's the guitar thing going you are? Going good I've been playing the bass quite a bit because it's really fun Yeah, I forgot like I never really played bass I kind of just like fooled around on a bass a few times because my buddy had when I borrowed it for like a couple weeks One time I just played a little bit, but I never really played much bass but It's like it's pretty fun You know, there's a lot of like it's physical instrument when you play guitar You don't necessarily feel every strike because the strings are pretty thin and light So like you know you hear like oh, I nailed that note perfectly, but you don't always feel it like in the pick But with the bass it's like every pick is like snap snap snap You're kind of like almost a drummer so you're playing that you're playing the bass with a pick not with the fingers Yeah, I mean you can do either some people are pickers, you know some people You know I had someone asked me that already that's so funny Someone said oh, I know she's a pick and I said yeah, lots of bass players do like if you look at old Metallica Cliff Burton the original bassist who was like the goat of bass playing right the original the original goat Yeah, he was he played with his fingers So like the first form of Metallica albums are all Cliff you can kind of like forever first. Yeah, you can get like a grab to the strings You know what I mean? But yeah, it's a lot of like Funk players yeah play with their fingers, you know, and then there's like the slappers at user thumb like the jazz and funk guys User thumb and yeah, there's all the basses are really cool instrument does a million different ways to play it But you know if you okay Cliff Burton, you know the first first few Metallica albums up to master puppets It was he was a finger guy and then and then when they brought in Jason new stead he played with a pick so but you know both Sound great, you know, it's just their styles But I've been learning Nirvana songs and and Chris Nova-Solic played with a pick he was a picker So I've been like okay use that a pick to get you know kind of the same feel pretty fun Yeah ripping it up man, you know instead of like Surfing YouTube for 20 minutes aimlessly After I eat breakfast to just like you know get a little space before I start my day and instead of doing that I just been Picking up the bass and hammering out a few songs and yeah, I think I'm mentally health here less scrolling Less surfing Less Instagramming I think they're swipe more pick interesting Yes, there's something to it I do think when you train yourself to do new skills It it creates new neural pathways in your brain and That's I'm what I understand that's what keeps us young, you know That's what keeps us remembering things and stuff yeah and it's funny because I actually heard someone talking about that They were saying they were using examples of things that are really good to do and You know they were saying how learning another language. Yeah is really healthy for your brain That doesn't for some reason learning another language just didn't appeal to me. I was seemed kind of worrying Like I don't know why I don't really care enough to learn another language. I don't think But then I heard someone else say that music counts As a lesson I'm going to learn which oh really like the same they're like a lot of the same like a lot There's a lot of the same stuff going on in your brain Because you know there's some other things happening too because it's also different but there's still it covers like a lot of the same basis That it's really really great for you and it's equally as good for you and so I was like oh fuck Plus there's a physical coordination thing to it as well Yeah, which I think is kind of interesting one if there's any carry over You know but Yeah, it's just been a lot of fun. I mean I've always played guitar like hacky guitar You know I've always owned a guitar and picked one up and you know fucked around on it here and there But yeah, I was gonna talk about something I was gonna do it now because it was the main thing on my list but I noticed that Taking up these hobbies now I am Approaching them far different like completely different than when I picked up these hobbies as a kid Because when I started playing guitar in high school I just saw okay well, what do I like and I just be like I like HCDC so I just like look through an HCDC tab book and just like Fuck around with the whole book like I learned the riff to this and what's the riff to that and I'll try this and try that and you're next thing You know I can kind of play Most of the riff soft this album, but yeah none of the solos and you know blah blah blah But Now I'm approaching it like a bodybuilder. I'm like okay today. I'm working on this song. I'm gonna play this song 10 times Like everything is like organized and I that's how I think I go kid I've I'm gonna eat breakfast and then I'm gonna play that song 10 times in a row And I'm just gonna try to get Better at it. I'm just gonna keep playing song over and over and I'll just play it 10 times a row really get you know Get some practice in on that song and then I'm gonna work on clients for to our straight So it's like way different because I'm targeted. I'm like okay today I'm working on this and I'm gonna learn this And I'm gonna do these things 10 times each and I got about 15 minutes so I'm gonna hammer through it And uh and then I gotta go you know, so I'm just way more efficient Just like when I'm on my bike. I'm like oh today I'm just gonna do stuff that I can already do because I'm just want to have fun And I only have 45 minutes so I'm just gonna practice my tricks But then I might go Saturday. I have two hours So Saturday I'm gonna go out and I'll practice my tricks and then for an hour I'll work on shit. I can't do Yeah, which means like frustrating and kind of boring and like you know falling down sometimes and you know I'm not really doing anything that looks cool and you know what I mean? You're just working on skills and it's like But I'm gonna make myself do that and I have an hour to do that Saturday and it just makes me way more structured And I think way more productive like and it's way more enjoyable because I'm not like Lost like you know when you're kidding you're just like doing something as a hobby you don't really have any like you know Yeah, yeah, like you're just like earning the same way most people approach the gym Yeah, that's exactly it like I used to buy a guitar magazine and I just go home and look at the riffs They had that month in the magazine and I just fool around with them But I wouldn't really get good at any of them and I might play them each like three times and just but I go that was interesting But there was no direction But same now like a kid gets the muscle magazine and he like tries this arm workout for a couple times You know, is this chess work? No, and maybe fucks around with this split and two weeks later He does this split. He doesn't stick to anything Yeah, but now I have like a goal like I said a goal. I'm gonna learn there's two albums two Nirvana albums I want to learn all the guitar and bass to cool right entire albums Bleach and never mind guitar bass and higher thing already know a heap of the guitar because I that's what I initially started playing But in the face of some more Yeah, very similar so I'm just gonna learn both complete start to finish That's my goal so I have exact things I'm working on and like you know Shipping away working yourself through is just it's way more and plus then you can like see the end You're like oh, and I have a goal. Yeah, like I'm excited because I believe I'm gonna complete these goals I'm gonna learn both these albums. I used to play the whole music Well, I don't know how how long till I know them or how long till they sound right That was actually there's what's funny Two and extra Sam Grimes is so you know something. I'm curious what the answer is but the reason I asked is because I get that question all the time And body really drives me crazy because the answer is you don't care Yeah, I'm just not your judge is doing it and that's yeah, I want to do the time because I get that I'll tell him well, how long is gonna take me to do this and I? Will if I say five years, you're gonna not do it. Yeah, so I guess the answer is the same it's like it's like um You know how how are they ever really done? Right, yeah, right like am I ever really playing them perfect? Perfect exactly like the album right like perfect if I as that ever really happened, you know Can you ever really sound like him? Can you ever really get the right tone? Can you ever really get the right equipment to get the right tone? You know, you know what I mean like if your goal is to make it sound perfect and it's never gonna end so that's kind of I guess the answer is You know, do you ever really play anything right? You know, right So yeah, it's been a lot of fun and it's also like just really interesting to see like the how how Naturally my brain organizes these tasks into Divisions like leg day chest day back day yeah, right? That's how my brain works now, so it's really fun to take up a new hobby because it feels like there's less Wondering and spinning your wheels and all that stuff and I'm sure the same thing all happened once I start going to the range Yeah, I'll like systemize it in my head once I sort of realize what it's all like I'm gonna go shoot a box of this ammo today. I have half an hour Boba glove whatever. I don't know how it works, but I'll figure it out. Yeah Little advice from my friends Yeah, you know you know somebody who knows a thing or two There's so many things called it's not wearing a green shirt. I do all that Especially carrying on right now at this moment. I do all that same stuff where I'm I'm like trying to you know figure out one thing and then you know I went today and I only had a half hour so I think I'm just gonna I haven't been to the range for about a week I'm just gonna work on my draw from concealment work on that one thing repeat there. You know I love this you know brain is just gonna feast on this you will and and there's so much it's cool because there's like a lot of physics to it To where you start realizing like if you're shooting Over here and down every time then you can start to figure out why that is and then you can correct it in your grip or how you're pulling the trigger So there's a lot of and it's information that we probably would have never had 30 years ago If we were trying to figure this stuff out, but now you go to YouTube or you go online You can you can figure it all out quickly and be like, oh, this is what I must be doing I'll try this and then you get a different result and you know stuff by step to get close It's just very expensive to to figure out because ammo and I think ammo up there is even more money I think it's not that cheap. Yeah, is there Are there there are there ever times when you like at your level That you're having they have a hard time figuring out what you're doing wrong if say last week You came in and you were just on fire, you know, and then this week you come in and for whatever reason It's not quite the same can you typically pretty quickly figure out why or or Is it hit or mess you know what I think in general like can figure it out and for the record I'm not like I've been shooting real consistently for over a year now, but like the guys just like in bodybuilding Like I'm not that good there are guys that blow me away. Yeah, you know what I'm saying So like I'm better than your average guy that's just gonna like step in there and you know just fire shit off, but You know, but yeah, I was I guess I would say that I can figure out what I'm what I need to improve on you know And then I think is too as I started using a timer range timers really nice You won't be able to draw from concealment Ron, but you don't need to because you're not concealing anyway But that's the important thing for me is to know and there's a whole system on how you do it What you do with your hands how everything comes together at four steps that you use and then using the range timer You can measure how good you are how fast you are and then you can try to beat that, you know So it's kind of like the log book and then I keep record of my range times, you know, so yeah very similar Lot of similarities to bodybuilding and learning anything, you know It was cool the instructor that I had to get my gun license He showed us a video because he's he's got like some competition pistols, you know, yeah and He showed us a speed video of him at like some like high level contest and I think you got like second or something because he showed us like the final group or whatever Yeah, I'm like they were so fucking fast man like it was just like you know what I mean just a blur of what they were doing like Yeah, it was they were we're pretty impressive so yeah, I think he showed it to us on day one just so he knew that he wasn't some like Yeah, at at min guy. They got stuck with this class Yeah, he's like I'm a passionate shooter like this is what I do this is my thing like if you're gonna get top by anybody like I fucking know what I'm talking about so it's pretty cool. I have a I've a friend that Used to train some of the swap guys and I won't say the city because I can't finish the story then Good, he told me he was like if you're if you're ever in need of SWAT Call me because they can't help you Right It was like God it he was like it's it's it be it of course there's levels so I'm sure if someone from SWAT heard that did be offended But the point is is just like you said Scott you're talking The amount of time it takes to be that Profitient yeah, you know, you know, I find I'm obsessed What I have to be careful when you guys get these topics because I could spend two hours asking questions I love the hearing about shit. I don't know nothing about Because you know, I mean, it's like you compared to everything to swinging or golf club like why is it that yesterday? I was dead nuts on and yeah, I'm off or you know what I mean? That's what I was asking that because it really ties in whereas for the most part I feel like the gym that it other than your body having aches or pains like the bar typically goes right in it to go every time Yeah, you're gonna change shirts again change last week But no, I'm I'm definitely I'm I'm fascinated to to watch as as as as Ron's Style comes together and you're guys as conversations For his rep says he says yeah, it's it's interesting There's something I had heard not too long ago, you know that the actual The mechanics of pulling the trigger are very simple but you have an explosion that is literally going off right by your face and Yeah, you want to recoil from that so what what this guy that I was listing to said was That the the mechanics of shooting a gun and knowing how to hold it knowing how to pull the trigger That's like 5% of it or 10% of it and the other 90 95% is controlling the animal in your head That wants to recoil because the first time I saw this is interesting this woman was only ever shooting an error pistol or something and so They put a live gun in her hand and she dryfires no round she dryfires no around No recoil at all like she does because a lot of times you'll see somebody dryfire and they flinch their hands will flinch in anticipation Nothing she pulls the first round she ever shot in her life out of a An actual fire on perfect bullseye nailed it first round ever but after that She didn't do it anymore. Yeah, because then that animal takes over and that's the whole game is learning how to overcome the animal in us It really is yeah I know they say that the snipers Like I've known some snipers and they say that you like Breathe out completely And then you wait for the space between heartbeats to pull the trigger hmm okay You know that so that's pretty cool like they let the you know let their breath completely go out of their body So they're just completely flat and then but they wait for the heart to beat pump and then they go Squeeze the trigger and it's kind of cool You know the still list you'll ever be I guess yeah. Yeah. I was more still not I couldn't pull the trigger. I was asleep Totally still Yeah, we didn't tell everyone to like share subscribe comment and Or ring the bell or ring the bell I've been re-eressively lately. I don't know why yeah, it's really good fucking bell I want to make sure you get contact you know You're upset very upset I was set that didn't ring it before they got to this point. That's why I Know sometimes we have a little weight It's like the odd episode you watch where the credits don't come to like 10 minutes in you're like oh, that was a long intro Yeah, I feel like it's like Contest prep when you've been working with a pseudo all year though Because we just start talking and Then we re-a fuck the prep here. This episode started Probably stay what episode number it is which we did this time. Yeah, yeah, yeah Do the routine We'll finish strong with it with a good one at the end of this Scott. I got you all right. That's all deal. That's okay So dusty I I I want to say I I saw your post We've really taken to this living in a house with three other women and it looks like you're May all know each others there this time Which yeah They yeah, they they they they you seem very very happy and it's good to see man And it's you know, it looks like you're having a good time and Looks like you're it is great. You found a great bunch to rescue you as a stray I think that's absolutely what happened You know and I I don't know if I told you but Both of the girls have boyfriends that I like Okay, oh no way and they're like guys guys they're not pluses I'm like all right I got was so happy to like like one of the first things I ever heard The oldest boyfriends say was coming out of a restaurant and he's he had word with a guy and I actually overhered him say I'm not about to be disrespectful and I turned it I'm not that's not where ever it needs to go I don't give a shit I was just so happy I'm like I like a little tear He might bunch this guy. That's great. So yeah, yeah, they want they went to They actually went to golden gloves over the weekend and Watch he's not old enough to do it yet so he's only 16. I guess here that's the 18 to compete in that particular one but I'm getting updates There was a knockout. I'm getting videos. I'm like Scorolikes boxing Yes, so yeah solid stuff man solid stuff a bit A woman that likes a little bit of controlled violence is a good thing she understands how the world works Nothing wrong with that. I think it's key. You know what I mean? It's something about there's something about combat sports, you know, so people just fucking hate them But I don't know man. I think it's a healthy outlet for those guys Those guys would be doing it no matter what how let's put it that way. Yeah, yeah I think you'd become true if you if you get it early enough you kind of become numb to it, you know Like where it's it's not like a big thing I remember early on in a relationship I was and I got a call in the night from For my mother and she was like you gotta go get your dad and I'm like where is he? She's like you gotta rest and I'm like getting a fight. She's like yeah So I tell her I'm just like getting my stuff and she goes what do you mean you got it? I don't know I didn't ask Why didn't you ask what happened to my it happens? I don't really care I just gotta go pick him up You realize like in my mom like what you call she say hey, okay? What's up? She's not sorry So late like there's like an intro because right it's not a huge deal when you've been around it Your whole life so yeah, it's good that I'm you know she's learning these things Wow, it's just good. I just think I guess this is my little thing You don't have to like violence. That's not the point but you can't be so Unused to it that it paralyzes you when it happens around you Right like when violence happens around you you have to be able to react and Most likely leave as fast as possible Yeah, right? You know in the most situations of violence occurs around you you want to get away get safe get somewhere else as quickly as possible And so many people just freeze up because they don't know what's going on like they can't believe they're seeing violence Yeah, you know what I mean and they freeze up and a lot of times they get you know Elbowed in the face because two people are scrapping right in front of them and they just go like oh You know what I mean like It's it's just and that's just one example like there's a you know a million other scenarios where you have to be able to like You know not freeze and be paralyzed and be shocked that violence is so shocked that violence is occurring You've seen videos where there's like something crazy happening and there's like some Fucking you know middle aged woman or man who's completely out of shape So how to shape they can't even move properly and instead of trying to get out of the way they're they're like looking around going Manager Where is a manager like You are in the line of fire In the game here and then they get like knocked over like violent knocked over right and a phlegis lab is Yeah, because in their mind an authority figure should just be able to end this yeah There's there was a video How to compare Just so you have to go to the level I got offended if I can send it to you, but it's like a sporting event and a couple guys are not even in a fight But there's a disagreement and one guy steps back and he ends up kind of falling on to the lap of a kid that's sitting there But it's not like a small kid. It's just a kid in the dad Help Help it grabs the kid he's screaming The cop is like well think of that guy's stayed calm Yeah It was literally it didn't even escalate But that was his immediate response was like oh my god I'm like Someone basically sat in your kids lap Yeah, and yelling for help not actually doing much and not pulling away not just it was it was a mad scramble I'm like what would you do if something actually like if gunfire took place Yeah, like to stand there Paul It happens it happens. I want to speak to the manager. It's needs day. Yeah, it was a manager. There's coming with a gun You're not allowed to have that here, but I think I think it's a lot of fun Free zone. It's a lot of society now because I remember There was a gym I used to go to the there was kind of like a busy parking lot out front A lot of through traffic to other stores and these kids would literally just be like on their phone Just looking down walking through the street and I'm thinking to myself like if somebody doesn't stop at that stop sign If somebody doesn't stop because that kids like they would be shocked if they were to get hit because it's not supposed to happen Somebody wasn't supposed to hit me They would be shocked you know, and I mean yeah, and I think it's supposed to get hit yeah, yeah, but guess what once you do you did You know there's a weird comfort in every I was I was in Dallas over the weekend, but we were downtown And you definitely realize there's some sketchy fucking people everywhere And I took off in the morning and I wasn't thinking about it and I have far too much blatantly expensive things on me And so I'm just being extremely aware and walking around and I realized that how many people aren't Oh, yeah, I'm like yeah, like I'm always Aware, but I'm also extremely like okay Probably shouldn't have brought this bag with me to wander down the streets where I don't really know where I'm going And Dallas while I'm looking at my phone for directions. You know what I mean? So I'm like looking What you know, look at that and it hits me how many people in their own hometowns are far too comfortable because they're like oh well You know, I live in Greenville. I mean nothing's gonna happen here. I'm like tell it does situational awareness Yeah, I have that's just permanently in me because I worked you know in the bar for So long, you know even as a bartender you're still looking out of the crowds for problems all the time, you know And you know you hear people kind of arguing are those two guys arguing and then you're aware of it And you realize no one else notices that they're arguing Yeah, and the one guy starts waving his hands And then you start to see the mouse go fuck you. No fuck you and you realize there's these two girls stand on beside them They're just giggling like completely clueless with like martinis in their hands and you're like all those girls are going Fucking flying You know what I mean just the situational awareness is something that I was like probably had too much of it like ruined a little bit of fun over the years Yeah, you know I used to find when I'd bounce so it was nice because sometimes I would see that starting and you could walk over and actually diffuse it before You happen Like walk over and they're in your cake broke you gotta understand even if you whip this guy's ass. There's ten of us You're fucked and you're nice fucked and you know And then the guy kind of starts to calm down for just a second. You kind of look each other like Good and I mean who knows a large set of time because I used to always my big concern was bouncing I want to get hurt and I don't want anything to happen Yeah, so I get to help I'll be like please let me make sure that these two don't actually get in the fight because that sucks You know, you don't want to somehow roll my ankle something stupid because these two assholes are fighting or Nothing is being drunk My line used to be I love getting paid to do nothing guys So let's just keep it that way Let's just not you know I love to paid I love to get paid to just stand here all night and look at girls. So let's just don't ruin my evening No And they usually laugh a bit right like you can get a laugh at some guys. Oh, yeah, if I can The guys just annoying me So we're gonna do some YouTube questions Scott. Yeah, let's do them. We got a barn By the way guys if you if you want to take part in the next episode then comment below as always plus comments likes all that stuff It helps to boost our shows up and you know we could always use it. I think that I'm starting to get to vibe that YouTube might not like channels that talk a lot about steroids and That's how we're talking about cocaine and hookers lately. Yeah, yes, so rotated. I think that the channel may not always get seen because I've had people tell me like They're like hey, I don't get notifications the new show came out so make sure you've got that bell You know clicked all of that stuff. Yeah, definitely definitely We're gonna talk about steroids that much no no just the but you know what it's guilt by association because then I'm on here Runnin my mouth about anodrol with Dave Crosslin and they're like, you know All these guys look the same, you know these giant dudes. They all look the same Jimmy Donald has one of yours. He says question for the next episode Lee Haney said stimulate don't annihilate What did he mean and was he right? Well Yeah, he's right Lee Haney did say that all the time. I mean Lee Haney trained really hard. He was a volume guy But I think he was just referring to like You know, I know that you know Tom Plats used to just like murder himself, you know like you'd do a set with like 10 four straps and then 20 partials. Yeah, you know what I mean and I think Lee was just saying like you can't train like that all at the time like you like your body's gonna You know that's how you break your body eventually and your body gets like so pounded it You're not gonna grow and he's kind of right like you can't train like that every single workout You know what I mean like even Tom Plats didn't train like that every single workout You know but You know he trained hard. I mean Lee Haney like I've seen videos and he mentioned four plates for reps so like I don't know Maybe it's just the way he in the context of his mind he was thinking like You know don't do 10 four straps on every set and all that sort of stuff I don't know how much he went to failure. I he might have only done like the last set to failure, you know Which isn't really that much different than when everyone else does anyways so it's a lot of it's semantics Maybe he was just a brain ninja It was getting the competition to train like buses while he was training like a freak There you go. Don't train to ask guys Just guys take it. I've been taking it easy. Look at me I'm beating you guys and I'm just fucking around so why don't you fuck around yeah and find out You know what does he mean by stimuli what's his definition of stimulus? Maybe it's pretty hard. Right. That's actually the reality because Dante and John Meadows used to go back and forth like that their training was very very different and obviously had worked with both of them And the biggest difference between I'm not saying all of it but their base was that John Meadows counted is warm upsets Yeah, yeah, but the actual working sets was like two Yeah, you know, so I do think you're right all kidding side-runs I think that's what it means to an individual because I just told that to a guy with a weekend He's like well how many working sets do you do when you do dads? I go two because you do two sets Yes, that's it. I'm like let's take seven to get there Yeah, you know what I mean so it's like I touched the bar five six times before I do those two sets So if you want to count the one 35 for 10 the 225 for eight Well, then I guess I did seven sets For debts today you know I mean yeah, it worries me a little when When it worries me to think how this statement could be interpreted Because I do feel like for some people it could be like well that means I shouldn't train that hard, you know Yeah, if you can do 10 stop at seven yeah, yeah, no, right oh, maybe he knew was maybe he He kind of tried to keep like you know how there's a lot of research about you know keeping one rep and reserve because then you can do more total sets with that weight Right, you know, and that's sort of maybe he was like kind of a go to the date maybe he's kissing failure and not quite hit failure I'm a lot of his sets. I don't know Yeah, there's lots of ways to train hard though like maybe he's doing a lot more sets. I remember he was I remember reading he was like more of a volume Guy so Yeah, it's all You know, how you look at it dude because I know people say well J does in train heavy He does he you know, he's a high volume guy. I'm like I've seen Jay inclined for 55 Yeah, what are you talking about? Road four five all the time That road four plates all the time Yeah, yeah, yeah, he did a lot of volume and a lot of weight and and I guess another thing I would say too is like well Maybe that works really well for some people. I don't know if he that high volume with high weight worked for Everybody that tried it, you know in the early 2000s it did work really good for some people, but You know what if your ability to recover from that isn't as good as Jay's you know Yeah, I think that's where like the genetic component comes in, you know the old four exercises four sets a eight to ten Yeah, you know adding weight on every set, you know I think you got to know yourself too though, right because I Have a short attention spin. I can't do 24 sets in train. I'm bored. I want to leave well There's that that's an element too. Yeah, I don't want to do this this exercise for 15 minutes Yeah, like all right just you know because you know how it is like say you're doing you know Back like pull down movements for back the first work your first movement you got warm-ups this and that your second movement There's not really a warm-up Right go all right go imagine having to do I don't want to do that four times it just it doesn't work for me mentally Yeah, start looking around. I see some shiny. It's no good. No, hey You know that's how it works you get there's that whole That whole thing about what's gonna keep the guy Going hard, you know he's got to enjoy his he's got to enjoy the process and there's a there's different ways to get there You know Obviously your genetics might dictate which ways the best way to get there and then you got to stumble on it All that stuff, but yeah, yeah, you know So what was your hand he was it hand he's hand he's awesome though. I remember I still remember how angry I was I was like really upset I can't remember what year it was but they gave me hand you like a lifetime achievement award and he didn't get a standing ovation And I was like super upset when they called him out and the crowd didn't stand up. I was like okay It was like a bunch of us for standing and I was like what the fuck yeah, you know It was it thinking about what you have to do to piss it off a Canadian That's a lot That's exactly exactly It's a stack of anything. Hey speaking of Jay. I got a comment because question here with Jay mentioned Hey guys another great episode question from my side Jay Cutler had and still has the longest lines during expo's when rich piano was drawing a lot of attention to words the sport Especially from what I've heard during expo's with an enormous amount of people waiting to meet him And do you see anybody nowadays getting close to that We're literally everybody wants to meet that one person Maybe guys from full-outs podcast Nick Walker would be interesting to hear your thoughts all the best Lucas Well from what I saw at the LA fit which was a small expo Robin Dale and Bailey it was crazy. They're still killing it. They were they were only there for like three hours on one day And maybe that concentrated their line because their fans were like they're only there for three hours right But when they were there like their line-up is just stupid it like went Fucking way past a bathroom and around back behind the power lifting it was just to use this crazy and I mean I took a piss like every hour of the whole weekend and every time I went I would look and there was this dude wearing a black Sabbath t-shirt And he was still in line like he moved like I remember thinking wasn't like Sabbath t-shirt because I was gonna see I was like when I go back to the bathroom I'm gonna see if that guy moved in what back we can hour later and he was like moved quite a bit But he wasn't at the front yet. I was like oh yeah, yeah, and I went again and he wasn't still wasn't at the front He was like almost there and I was like holy shit and then and then J was there for half of Sunday and just like he said his line was J was the craziest line for sure of the whole expo But I mean that was a pretty small expo, but Tanned to the question. I don't see anyone with a line like J Right now at like you know the expo's well, I have to see how the rest of the year goes It would be interesting to go to England See their expo's like at the Arnold in September Yeah, but J still the king of the lineup. I don't know do you agree dusty as far as we can tell? Well, hey, yes, for sure. That's the quick answer, but what I was also gonna say is J and Robin Dana are the only ones with staying power Because remember when Kai was was at his peak and was winning and was like right there and could win the Olympia He had a line like that always I stood in that one time Kai can walk through an expo now He still is very popular. Don't get me wrong, but it's not like it used to be It's definitely not like Robin J and Dana like those people have that so I feel like that's what really separates because I imagine that there's a lot of guys coming up and you know in girls that are very popular little have a big weight But I find it really powerful that People who aren't That the technical influencers That can still hang like that because that's what it is now like if you dropped an influential I think Bradley Martin would probably have a bigger draw than Nick Walker at an expo Because yeah, I don't know it's hard to say every like so many people know them across some of things I think one that could hang If I was gonna name somebody that's gonna guess the could hang it would be bumps that he would have a lot like that Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I think that he also Will have staying power because he's just He's he gets it like I watch some of the decisions he makes as a businessman and I'm like He's gonna be like Jay he can do this as long as you want so you're gonna tie her keep coming back keep adding this pocket Fans will love him. Yeah, he's he's on that level in my opinion Did he did you switch coaches? No, I I heard something about he hired Hannie to help him with some mental stuff, but okay That's true. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's why I ask instead of say it as a statement men on a plane coaching like not just dieting Yeah, one of my clients message in the last day was like dude, did you hear about bum stud? I was like what I think he instilled doing his diet and everything so yeah, okay, insanity to change Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, why change on Miller that's working, you know, yeah, yeah, I would say You know what else to like Did you see what Foo add in the guys did they have like a meet up? Yeah, I don't know where they where where were they? I didn't know where they were Was it in Florida Texas where we talked to work, but they had like a Yeah, they had like a meet up. Sorry. I think was Texas We're doing it. Yeah, they they all had like a meet up and like a fan meeting greeting stuff and it looked like it went really well That's cool and when you do stuff like that it Maybe negates the need to like do it at an expo. You know what I mean? You're getting out and engaging your fans directly and It's your exact target market. Yeah, because everyone's just coming to see you So it's like it's not like you're getting any stress It's just where I'm concentrated fucking one percenters, you know what I mean? Yeah, and so so that's a great idea Like I thought that was a great idea of what Foo add did it hard to get everyone together like that though, but yeah Yeah, he brought all the guys too, which was yeah Yeah, I mean it's a whole team basically that's fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's funny. They're I think guys the only one who's not with hostile Okay, so it's like they're all doing the group photo and they're all wearing hostile except guy It's funny Well, he's doing one of those angry that moment as well. Oh, I'm excited. I'm I'm going to the UK in like two weeks guys There's this an event fit expo fit or fit expo. I guess is fidx po. That's how you say it fidx Yeah, po. There we go and Yeah, yeah, a little tricky there, but it's gonna be in Liverpool and Dave crosslin and I are going to do a live podcast there On Sunday morning, so it's gonna be cool man like Dorian's gonna be there training a bunch of guys Josh Malie Sasan's gonna be there. Yes, well, so that's awesome. Yeah, so I'm excited to meet all those guys and meet some of our listeners too So I don't really get like the J Cutler line, you know what I'm saying, but I think you might think you might Never know it's UK Let me fun. I've never been there before you guys have both been there before right? I mean you yeah, like multiple times Liverpool I haven't been there everywhere. Yeah, yeah, I did like a tour there one year So it was a bunch of England and then Wales for some for a couple stops and yeah, it was cool Yeah, but you know you need to make sure you do if you're a true bodybuilder And it says nothing with bodybuilding You gotta go eat some like real Indian food Indian food Do yeah, England's for it. Oh, oh Game changer and I'm not like I would never eat that here because as far as I know there's no Wherever it hurts, but it's even close. I got balls the after trip once was like, oh, I'm gonna look up a place in Scottsdale Not as good, huh? Not the same okay. It was sad. Yeah, trust me on this one They got like a bread thing they bring up like hangs like my fucking microphone here Terrible that you want hanging bread for sure. I need the hanging bread the bread that hangs Dusty said to get the bread that hangs you bring the bread that hangs Remember what else Liverpool gave us Hey my favorite spice girl sporty spice. I don't know you're gonna say the Beatles Well they gave us a Beatles too Put sporty spice Who the Beatles what sport is spice? Yeah All right, I got another one favorite. Here's my favorite What are your guys is feelings on wrist wraps? I doubt I'm pushing enough weight to actually need them But I feel more secure when I have them on plus they look cool That's the important part right there. I was gonna ask for color Does it what's the color what's the right color? Black and red always? They're pulling up the Danny Hester war one of them to the fucking dinner the other night when we were in LA you kidding me Sure, God just one wrong wrong Well, it wasn't it wasn't out of traditional wrist wrap it would look more like a hangar to look like a bandana Tide around no no, he had a wrist wrap also I think it's written down Yeah, I think that's okay Yeah, I mean Danny was just using to hold a fork so yeah, yeah, do you need it? Cool. I I I do agree they look cool So I wore wrist wraps I would always make sure I didn't Put them on like I would put them on loose and I would do like My warm upsets and I would get up to like the 120s without them you know what I mean yeah, and then I would wrap them for like the 150s Yeah, you know And then I would maybe wear them on my second exercise and then I would just They'd just be loose dangling on my wrist for the rest of the workout after the first two big movements Because I always felt like I didn't want to like Make my wrist weak I sort of felt the same as knee wraps guys that wrap their knees all the time They wind up having a hard time training with without knee wraps and I didn't want to be like that But now I don't wear wrist wraps anymore because I don't think I train heavy enough to justify them And I want to you know, I want to make sure I stay you know strong and I don't mask any pain or anything like that So I try to try to go that route now, you know What do you think I have an answer question yeah, yeah once got I'll say Yeah depends on depends on what I'm doing But dumbbell presses I like them for that Yeah, like like you would need a number of ones yeah my favorite thing would be heavy dumbbell presses and like you're saying top top set You know, I'll have a mind but they're not tight and then I tighten them up right before the set and If I take too long then I notice my fingers are starting to go numb and tingling So that gives me motivation to get under that you know get under the dumbbells faster And then yeah, I'll take them off because I just keep them you know home gym I'll just toss them over where I keep them you know, but yeah, I would leave them on loose otherwise because that is an article You can easily lose at the gym You gotta be careful. I didn't learn. You can lose. I never wore them on arm day Not like yeah, I was doing wearing wrist wraps on arm day. I never wore them on arm day I used to they kind of have enough on arm day. I'd crank Wrap down on my knees I should bust you and you do in fucking two plate skull crushers and yeah Wrap your wrist on the wrap all the way up my arm yeah, I wrap my elbow Wrap my shoulder knees the either like I went to knee sleeves But before that I'd wrap the knees Real tight and if they hurt a little bit you know, I guess they're getting like that sharp pain cartilage is tearing Then I just wrap it harder, you know It was the dumbest thing I could have done And now I don't do any of that now for knees. I just I'll use a very thin sleeve It doesn't even have like a there's no resistance to it is just enough to keep my knee a little bit more Right that's that's it. I just I don't want to but you know what I still I'm not lifting heavy right now run and I still will use the the wraps My heavy dumbbell presses whatever the heavy a set I can do I will use it for that but then I back it on you know Yeah, there you go dusty same thing Just for fashion. I'm trying to be cool. Yeah, just for fashion Well, you have your little ritual you have your little yeah, that's part of it. I was waiting every working set Every working set he takes him off. Yeah, and then once they're off He just re-reputs them back on again and then does his next set and then he's like rest-poss Yeah, yeah, yeah, like we're gonna rest-poss. You only got 30 seconds, right? He buys about 40 seconds because he fucks with 42 All the way off and then all the way back on for each one I leave the thumb part on though Scott, you know the part that we're gonna thumb yeah, so it doesn't actually like come off But it's not a little full of In fact yeah, almost and then right back on you think he's going one way reverses it Yeah, that's a little thing there's like a drama to that though, you know you step away great for filming Yeah, you step away from the equipment, right? You redo him Are you doing and then you step back in, you know, yeah, and it's like a show video editing you remember you remember he's gonna list a lot Yeah, so from this which He's got he's about to lift a lot. That's what I would be thinking if I watched that All right, what else to be here? There's a wrist wrap question. Here's one. No, but yeah simple question Turn it into a little for seven minutes. Yeah Paul asks it says Ron and Dusty can you get mutant to start making gear in The roadside Lemonade flavor that's available in the BCAA 9.7 product Because as far as I know BCAA's are not really effective true or false So what is he saying that he does like two things here? Is he saying that roadside Lemonade is his favorite flavor And he wants that in another product. Yes, okay Yes, that's what he's saying and also he doesn't like BCAA's but it's a great flavor If you're gonna watch it and make it in the other way It's like a lemon drop like like actually like a lemon drop It's very delicious. It's like you bought roadside Lemonade off a child Yeah, like that perfect flavor taste like it tastes like it tastes like you're helping a kid start a business My- The things that's what you're seeing it tastes like mom typically makes it so it tastes like the purest form of capitalism You get that start early. You know, I think that's yeah, yeah Kids making money being entrepreneurs is tastes so fantastic. Yeah, it's a great flavor. Yeah, I agree I can't hear though Yeah Kevin's got one for us Kevin 21 What's your opinion on combining high intensity methods into volume training? This is what I talked about last week. I think for example working up to a heavy top set slowly and conservatively with reps to ensure maximum strength and endurance and and then immediately after doing two higher rep drop sets for example. Okay So go ahead heavy and then immediately go into the drop. So so he means you know instead of doing one working set You're doing one working triple drop is what I call yeah, I use the term triple drop because there's three different weights being used Not because there's three drops. Yeah, it's not three drops. It's actually a double drop Which is but I say triple this because there's three different weights being used So he's just saying turn all your work sets into drop sets. Is that what I think he's talking about? Yeah, I mean I imagine So I've actually I've actually done that like I've done a strip set on leg press and then move to hack and done a strip set on hack and then move to extension and done a strip set on extension and I mean it's fucking brutal and your pumps in saying I don't know if you should do it every week Now you'll get like two hammered maybe you'll make some great games. I don't know. I mean it just sounds like you're just like having fun by making up an extra hard way to train Which hey, that's I can back to that. I can back to that I I I I admire the hustle But I got a question for you guys would you consider that to be higher volume? Because you're still just pushing that same set further. Yeah, it is higher volume because volume is mat is weight times reps Your volume so technically when reps so technically you're lifting more volume in that same amount of probably saving amount of time the workout It's only gonna be a few minutes longer and so you just have to like you know It's it's weight what is volume again weight times reps? Then you factor in how many minutes your workout wasn't so if that it won't work longer than the other then You know what I mean changes the divide it by the I asked because I always feel like volume is like more sets I feel yeah me that's like Technically more volume in that set but it's still it's just one more and it's like an intense a fire is what I Would consider that yeah, yeah, but the math formula like the people that are math purists It is weight times reps so you would have to add it all up. Okay, what do you think dusty? I think it'd be a lot I also and this is purely opinion But I find for myself and for Most of my clients When your workouts are getting really hard You're in close with show or something like that Ever had some of your training with they're getting ready to do a set and I'll look at your quick go how many more sets do we have? That's them deciding what they're putting into this set. Yeah, and I do think there's something we said about knowing Like if you're gonna do like he said six to eight reps You get to that eight rep and it's tough, but you might have a 9th one in you If that's your only set you go for that 9th rep every time if you're wired correctly I think a lot of people don't go for that 9th rep because they have two drops coming So I do think it altars the intensity of of the high intensity kind of training But like Ron said I think sometimes it's good to have fun I mean, I love training all the time, but there's many times I go on the gym and I'm like I just want to fuck myself up today And I'll do something like that, you know, I mean today when in the gym and I I made my Decided the thing I'm really put out there, but I want to feel really strong again Before deciding what I want to do as far as Activity and body building and that's up so I decided like all right, you know my shoulders starting to get pretty healthy I want to just get strong again and pressing has been an issue It's been something's been bothering me it's getting better so today without any thought about it All I did was press for shoulders I did four different pressing movements and just now This will be fun and that's what I did like so I think sometimes like is that part of some master plan now The only thing I did do is make sure I was thinking about What numbers I wanted to hit on each thing so I think the idea is good, but like Ron's I wouldn't do that every time It's just it's a lot to beat your body down with so I don't think it's optimal kind of becomes why Rob Taylor's got one for us. He says a quick question for the next show Is masculinity an indicator of leanness? He says been on my cut for at least three weeks and my veins are like snakes And so I mean so yeah, but it's all relative to you and your You know how vascular are you Anyways like some people die it down and they're really vascular other people die it down and they're not really As vascular so there's a genetic set point but Everyone who gets leaner will get more vascular Right so I think the more times you do it right yeah if you're getting more vascular and you're dieting Then you're definitely getting leaner Yeah, because that's exactly what happens So so yeah, it isn't indicator like if I see someone and they're and they're in a sleeveless shirt and their delts and Arms have veins all over them then it is an indicator that they're probably leaner than most average people the rest of their bodies Probably not fat like what you know if you see someone and their calves are shredded You know, I mean there's the odd fat guy out there with lean calves that we've all seen one of them They have a big hot belly and then they've got like freaky calves but that's super rare So for the most part if someone's legs are lean, especially if their thighs are lean Then they're probably lean, you know, yeah, yeah, so yeah It's a good sign keep it up You look at guys like Jay Cutler. He was never very vascular, you know You're not like crazy. I mean if you saw him in the gym training You'd fucking veins all over his delts and arms and but not like you're close and you're like Yeah, yeah, yeah, who's a great example like it's just you know your cram grass forearms, you know Yeah, yeah Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Bodybuilding Media if we've provided value to you today Then please consider contributing to our show you could help support the show through Patreon every five dollars Helps to pay for the software in the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast You can also contribute by using our code at true nutrition true nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now I'm super grateful for them and I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming You could use our code. Thank for health supplements and performance supplements Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions and if you're in Canada check out supplement source.ca They have free shipping over $99 Huge discounts on overstock short dated in label change products plus they have all your normal supplements too Thank you guys for listening to the commercial I hope you're having a great day and that your bodybuilding is going well Let's get back to the shelf. Oh, I got to make sure I get this one on because I guess he commented a few times and I've missed it Taylor asked he says okay. I've got one Scott the same one from before because yes, not the same one Oh, not the same one. I tried to read these fast and add inflection and then I don't always catch all the words And I miss important words like not you know what I'm saying Anyways, he says um What's the most you guys have spent on all your PEDs Dioretics peptides you name it on a show prep money wise Feel free to go into as much detail as you're comfortable with but I am curious I remember Rich Piana saying he spent like 15 Gs 15 big ones Thanks That's a lot of money look what was he fucking running for 15 grand? I mean well running game on the fans so that day would listen was fucking that I'm at it. I don't hate to play Well, there's farm a G agent that number two so if you look it's like 149 right there 90s yeah 90s farm a GH prices maybe 10 or 10 or 12 of it was that But but to be honest like you'd be super there's just no nothing exciting in my Past them in that regard I was a Always a Bit of farm kid in me I kept my I kept my costs down And I only used farm a GH like a couple times in my whole life yeah, you know I did most of my shows without any Do you feel like I made a difference Furna? I don't know it you sure feel good while you're on it. That's a thing like you know you're on How good are your pumps and how good do you feel versus what does it actually do for your physique at the very end yielded out like on stage how much Better are you I'm using your pro card with it No, I wasn't using a farm a G agent here. I want my pro card. Yeah, there's that funny guys. Yeah That was interesting yeah, I was a little smaller that year. I used a whole bunch of generic GH and I thought it was like fairly good generic GH But I didn't use farm a So That's funny. I didn't spend much my food bills way higher like one time one time years it Go like I wasn't even done competing and I did like a rough calculation Like just estimated and I was like oh, I've spent like quarter of a million dollars on food Yeah, you do last year You know a lot Like in 25 years it's spent like Lots of money on food like I remember the joke was when I'm one of my friends said like Oh, you know, I could look like you in 10 years and I got I said where you will end to spend 200 thousand dollars on food He was like oh fuck that I say That's funny. I think if I was gonna get a quarter of a million egg whites I don't know what I went math but it was something that you imagine doing that From cramion Shicken have you eaten how many ounces of chicken is wrong? Yeah, you started bodybuilding yeah It was some I echo remember the exact numbers, but it was I remember just looking at the numbers and they can it was just what I made that much money never mind spent it. Yeah, yeah I made that much money. I was like I'm like God and like 20 years I spent that on food. Yeah There was this TV show that we just watched last night on vise It was on YouTube and they were following Ravers that were middle aged in aging guys that were like 40s 50s 60s plus that were still raving and they took three of them into the studio They did they go back to raving or they still raving or they still raving different animal and they they calculated how much drugs they had used and then they Didn't take like actual drugs, but they took like white powder and put it on a table to to show them How much drug there was this dude who's like very well-known. I guess in the UK as being this like party guy 50s big belly where's like all sorts of funny outfits he's always the the the the life of the party nine kilos of cocaine in his lifetime to himself nine fucking kilos I mean there were these that by 16 thousand. How does that look how does that look on a table with it was it was like a It was a legit like it's like a scar face mountain. Oh bigger yeah, yeah, it was like a face mountain. Yeah Which is still alive And how ended the interview him yeah they interviewed him and he had some like heart stuff going on and he's probably better of not doing they have like just sheets of sheets of LSD just stacked up this guy's like I took 956 tabs of LSD in his life and Just mountain was bailing of weed was the most fucked up like was any of them really obviously like it is Get straight out there was one guy who didn't make it to the studio. He didn't come to the studio and he had What equated to like a mountain of math and a mountain like literally like a legit bail of weed Real nice stack of mushrooms too over to the side just giant pile of mushrooms. Yeah, that's amazing A bail of weed. Yeah, I think those guys too. Oh God That's like to do that with you guys bringing the studio and we're like pile up as many chicken as you've eaten You know Deep seam yeah, I did do the math on the egg whites once I I remember the number had a lot of zeros Like how many egg whites those estimating Dusty you got your math out for us yet I Started to and then I just I just decided to guess to mate because I just went with the growth and I started just trying to figure out per bottle Yeah, but I think for 16 weeks of prep and running Growth the entire time I've might have been looking at like 36 hundred bucks. Okay for a prep. Yeah, it's I don't know what people are getting robbed. What's this? So that's about how many egg whites I ate during my competitive years Do you know that would cost you today if you lived in the United States? Ten million dollars So I ate about 150,000 egg whites. It's a lot of egg whites You might get a better deal since you fall off of your bike also Yes Yeah, so it's I mean the 15,000's funny because I did I tried to guess really high. Yeah, it's I just I mean Ron really did nail it drugs are not that expensive food really is yeah Like it's I the most expensive thing I ever did Was in 2011 when I was doing 16 ounces of cooked salmon a day And I don't I don't like far I'm saying it's been like fresh Famous salmon salmon or what is it like how much I mean literally it would say And I remember I got really pissed Ron because I went to Miami I went to Miami a week early right and I go to buy a food from public seats. I go to buy the same salmon and the price was higher I'm like this fucking fish was ruining that god damn ocean You mean to tell me it's cheaper to have him take a flight to Scottsdale before he comes to my house Probably But when you're getting in Scottsdale probably comes from Vancouver And when you're getting in Miami probably comes from Well, no, it's because it's a Atlantic salmon I'm telling to me but even my mind Yeah, I remember and I'm not someone who really like you know and I don't mean this and is bad It's gonna sound but like when you're in prep Yeah, you buy what you need to eat I don't really pay attention to what it costs I'm like I realize what I'm like fuck that was expensive. Okay, but the salmon I was like damn This is fucking brutal because you had to cook like 22 ounces to have a cooked 16 ounces We we went to my ants for dinner the other night and my Uncle barbecue Flaze beautiful man 10 ounce Flaze like they were just I walked in and I saw them sitting on a plate ready to go on the barbecue and I was like oh Those are that like most of me. I knew instantly they were full-aize, you know what I mean yeah of course and So that we pass the plate around I grab a nice big like 10 ounce filet and I I my you know My whole dinner it's beautiful my aunt and Uncle did a great job and I and I eat my 10 ounce filet and my two big potatoes because They were so good and I'm like Because I don't eat that much at one serving anymore Right, I mean they to me on I'm like good, but I was like We'd been packing all day so I was really hungry I was like fuck there's one more steak sitting there and I go to Uncle I go he You're gonna you want to split that steak he goes no no you have it and I'm like Can't eat another 10 ounce steak like And I was like maybe I can Fucking eat Let me yourself 20 ounces of Amazing filet in one sitting now. I just I have an eaten two 10 ounce steaks They might have been bigger than 10 ounces they were fucking thick. I have an eaten two steaks in one sitting in so long like old 300 pound me might have done it But yeah, there was so delicious. I just went fucking crazy on on dinner So yeah, that was what and now today's price is how much was that how much were those two steaks liner The ones I get are $40 a pound Right like so I ate like 50 bucks for the steak 60 bucks for the steaks That's a grip, but it's worth every penny Oh And then the best part the best part was that my aunt was like really happy. I ate it. You know when they're happy you eat Yeah, they're proud of you absolutely proud of you. She's like oh, I'm glad you glad you enjoyed yourself You know you're anxious you know you go to like an older like and you know or grandma or someone's house and they're like forcing you to eat But you're in the season. You're like had that for a while No one forces me to eat anymore dusty Well, look at your fucking walk around peeled I might have told this cop, but I'm telling it again just because it's funny okay to me So Ron we go to LA and he's like feeling thin like I could see it in his face like we're training so I decided to film him Okay, just to show him the fucking phone because he has no idea it's like it's like reverse body But he has no idea that he's peeled out of his mind. Yeah, I'm like I didn't do any tricky bullshit Ron if stood here and filmed and showed it to you immediately I'm like that's just what you look like just because you're not 320 pounds anymore like It was it was actually and I was shocked And the first I can tell is ballet but also when you're that lean it like you don't look small you know what I mean? Oh, yeah, it's it was funny Because because his is my like I literally he I think and I get it like if I was at That show whatever and then I'm like and you do realize it three people Have randomly walked over him like man you look good Rob Bailey did it first Yeah, we're training you just walked right over you like God dude you look fine good I'm like they don't just randomly compliment they know you they don't have to yeah I'm they're just happy I'm they I Rob told me he was really happy for me because you look like you're having a blast That's cool your Instagram you look you look like you're having a blast and I was like thanks man You know yeah, but that's you know what that's another example off topic You know they say You know Jordan Peterson Dr Jordan Peterson Oh, yeah, yeah, my favorite Be careful who you tell your good news to You know You sure you should only tell to people that are gonna be happy for you and huh and and be careful Who you tell your bad news to because some of the people you tell your bad news to or actually celebrating it you know Good point and and so anyways that my whole point is Rob Bailey is one of the people who Is every single time I see him he asks how I'm doing and wants to know what I'm doing and he's like Happy to hear good news. He's like one of those people so I that's why he's a good shit and you know I keep him he's on my list That's right One of those people him and Dana both I would say just a circle back to that question before we moved on if you remove the peptides Would it be fair to say that a competitive body builder even if they're pushing gear Could it easily stay under a thousand dollars on a contest prep for you know just gear alone like that's not gonna be hard to stay under a Thousand bucks yeah, you should be able to I mean honestly depends on what yeah Yeah, good to do the first of all people just take entirely too much shit. It's just complete nonsense like I've tried not to rant but like this one guy doing his very first shows like a novice show and he's telling me He's like yeah, you know, I'm just worried because I haven't been able to find provider and I haven't been able to find Hail a test and I haven't been able to find this and I've been able to find that and I'm like what do you need a That shit for yeah, you're using what are you using it because I'm just taking a bit of test in a bit of trend and a bit of anovar Make it a neat anything else You're good like you're good like just get ripped just trained and diet like you're on enough shit You're fine. You look great like you think these people think they need yeah like I can't do it show without three weeks of halo Right yeah, you can Remember a million people do it We've talked about this and and I know you know the the the individual in this Ron, but Chris was working with a guy and after a while He wasn't really happy with what was happening. Yes, we said are you sure your shit is real? Thank you and he was like you know what? I'm not I don't know when he goes do you have anything that you know is real? And he said yes, he was okay take that didn't even ask what it was He was probe he had veterinarian probe that he knew was real He had some pharmacy and a var that he knew was real and he wasn't even either either item Yeah So he switched on it just nick those there you go and that was what they prepped on for the rest of the way and he's and he did say told me I'm not sure told you to Dressed it change in a couple weeks Dressed it like mind bending any of the guy want his pro card so realistically to push it if you further We can say under $500 You can you can do a really good prep Lot of everything you could possibly want to take in really under 500 I said a thousand initially, but I'd say under 500 not a problem. I'm on the level you're at All I can say I can say this for 100% certainty. Yeah, I won the 99 Nobel burtas I was 244 pounds with stridey glutes and I took 500 milligrams of test a week and a bottle of clan There you go you can do the math guys and then Seven weeks out I remember it was seven weeks out. I went to seven 50 test and I took one Nobel X a day No room of the X huh no room and expect that even have it You know what's even funny about this is the reason that he went to seven 50 a day then It was because that's how much he had to get to the show. I know that that's the math You can get that I can't Yeah, because a friend of mine gave me seven more ampsisustin on that he wasn't gonna use Okay, yeah, I do Right, I mean the bottle of clan and the bottle of clan was a donation to a buddy of my union pump one pump of clan He gave me a pump he's like fucking go smash this and I was like thanks dude Yeah, it was like fucking poverty prep poverty prep full-time college spending like So much on chicken breast living on my friends a poverty prep Had nothing else I had handful of novedex tabs some sus an on amps bottle of clan That was it and then I Remember a Buddy in mine had like a bottle with some halo tabs that were rattling around in it Yeah, and I took 20 migs of halo for nine days Yeah, that was that was because he had nine days 18 Yeah, I remember all of that like I'd to vividly remember it all and so that was the first prep like And you know, I was like I was the best I'd ever been at that point. I was best shape I'd ever been in leanest I'd ever been in most shredded I'd ever been won the show and Yeah, poverty prep but that's not uncommon. You need all these drugs all those fucking shit Yeah, there's so much mental masturbation though this it's funny but I had this literally If you had I had a conversation with Jose about it and we talked about the obsession with win the take everything It was funny again obviously I know Jose very well, but he goes you take your growth home Harmon when you won't forget to take it. Yeah, that's when you take it and I was like Exactly, and also that complicated I really tried I really tried to not be late for my shot this week and I was a day late again Dude Thank God you're not taking this shit as some sort of a you know birth control Yeah, yeah You can now I heard about that anyways, all right. You got a couple more here Josh has won for us he says I just did a show and was what I thought the leanest I've been the issue I ran into was even after drying Myself dry even after drying keeping 1.5 gallons all the way to Friday Then cut the water off 12 hours out of the show which had me peeing a lot every hour But before hitting stage I started sweating like I was playing basketball Which led me to being a mess on stage Which I'm sure led to my third place finish my question is have you guys ever dealt with sweating issues? What causes this and suggestions on how to dry out with no sweat? You guys are the fucking best I love the podcast love the content you shouldn't pull your water Yeah, you overheated because you pulled your water out it never pulled it out Yeah, I Think some guys there's a lot of reasons why you can start sweating on stage sometimes it's nerves Sometimes people get really pumped up and anxious and they pump up and pump up and they're pumping And they're pumping and they're jumping around backstage and they're anxious in their heart rates like 150 And then they literally get like in a adrenaline dump on stage and they can get fucked up blood sugar and all that stuff But all of that stuff is Way worse and more likely to happen all the blood sugar issues and stuff if you cut your water When you cut water you risk messing up your electrolytes and then if I don't if you took dioretics But sometimes the timing's just brutal you just like happen to get you know You do that big pump up and stuff and then you get a blood sugar like a blood sugar problem or something And that's what causes all the massive sweating and all that shit and it just goes to shit and it all starts with being a little over-dehydrated I think You have to you want to avoid being overly dehydrated. I think it causes a lot of problems and messing with your electrolytes too much Yeah, I just don't think you ever need to pull all the way out because It's cooling to drink to bring fluid in you know and you're absolutely right with without your brought to the table But Any time I hear someone said they pulled their water Yeah, also how much did they pull with dioretics to you know, yeah, right? Yeah, and what diorics do you take I mean did you use something that's gonna mess without the astronaut levels? I mean there's There's a lot that goes into it. I try my best to keep things very simple when you talk about them But Some things aren't that simple. Yeah, you know, so I gotta be right back and those are things So I hope I hope that that's his gun being delivered instead of him picking it up and he's gonna bring it in But you can't it so that's not happening. I don't think that's happening I'm gonna do that in the U.S. either. They don't just deliver guns to your house At least not depends, but sometimes when there's a serial number that's filed off They'll bring that bitch right over right to your house. Yeah, there we go But you can't take that into school zones cuts against the law correct Do you remember dusty Maybe a 15 years ago like everybody pulled every ounce of water out like always It was just like that was just the thing like you just dropped it all by the end I remember but fortunately I was around people that You knew better. Yeah the other thing that I always thought was really funny was the one guys would be pulling their water while carbing up. Oh, yeah What's gonna move the carbs? Yeah, like you know, I mean I really have that that's one area that I would say even I've changed like I drink a lot more Like by the end of my career it was you know, I shouldn't say the career But when Chris never worked together I really realized the importance of water We were drinking so much so then cutting back was like okay have 12 ounces with each meal Yeah, and you still less, right? You know, and it's drastically less than you were doing but it's a lot. Yeah, yeah Do we have another one? We got one more one more one more for this episode And it is about Here it is running DACA Only David. What are you thinking question for the next podcast? Thinking about running a DACA-only cycle just as a science experiment with 300 a week be beneficial or should I just run it with test? Well I don't know why you'd want to just take DACA as a science experiment But hey, I understand the desire to try something I would never do it because I can't take DACA So I just would never do it. I would never consider it And now after living life on like TRT for a long time I could just tell you like I don't know how it gets any better than this Like why not just do this? This is awesome. So it's fucking phenomenal You know when you're I don't think he gets better Yeah, even your life is even matter just feel great all the time Like it is a question mark is how much you were taking because I know that that's an issue a lot of people running to I think I got popular in hindsight. I'll say I think I took too much test my entire career I think I could have gotten away with 500 Now I went higher And to the point of like I went to 1200 once and realized it wasn't doing shit, so I stopped some cheap But I really do think that the bump between 500 and 750 I don't know how much it mattered And the only reason I'm bringing it up is because I talked to Jordan about this and He actually likes doing things like no test because he found he can eat more You know, but again I've never discussed how much test he was taking so if you asked me like just what Ron just said if you're taking 200 milligrams of test I think that 300 milligrams of deck of with that would be better Then by the way, yeah, I'm not doing crazy doses, so yeah, yeah, but if you want to know an experiment fuck it Do it and let us know how about you tell me after you do that for 10 weeks how it goes I'm not a fan of it. It's not gonna go bad. I'm not either that's why I'm not doing it, but I mean I'll give some you know You tell me How it goes if it works geniusly I still can't do it because I can't take that go I just feel like there's so many There's so many people that are newer to bodybuilding that get wrapped up in this idea of We're doing experiments. We're exploring these drugs and I would say and I think I said this last week was just like Just do what works because what do you want to do? Do you want to be a scientist or do you want to be a bodybuilder that has a lot of muscle? Like the lot you know you might be able to make gains in Spite of your experiments, but my thought would honestly be like just do the things that work and Focus on you're training in your nutrition while you're doing those drugs to work because like that's the way You're gonna be able to grow the most don't lose sight of the end goal. The end goal is not experimenting Not being a scientist. You're not gonna win a prize. You know what I mean? This goes this goes for everything. You know the whole like It's kind of the eight if it ain't broke don't fix it type of a thing, you know Like the other day we we trained legs yesterday and think it was halfway through I was like what do you want to do next? Do you want to do leg press and we're like and I remember Brain said something to me and we kind of laughed it was like well, that's what we always do and Right we joked how like you know Brain and I started training together like four years ago and he was hacksquadding like four plates Okay And now he's hacksquadding eight plates for ten log So yeah we're doing like press next I think it was the one Because that's what what we're doing is working like You know what I mean? Considering what I've been through I'm maintaining my strength and size really well And then he's just adding a plate to everything every year. So yeah, we're gonna keep training this way There's no reason to change anything. You know it's fine. There's there's apparently a Misunderstanding or bad information out there. I had a guy this weekend. It was it was actually great and it worked out well But he told me he was saying I've had other trainers and I had to get rid of me goes because it needed said to me Ghost because I understand I know that you have to change your training every couple of weeks and you have to change your diet That's the only way you're gonna improve and I'm like Not weighted and I waited and I said No, not none of that is right You're like what do you mean and then I broke down I was like well If you're getting stronger you are changing your workout You are yeah, you're the chain You're volume is that technically you know and I said and and I said why do you have to change your diet like Why is it if you I said if you weren't changing then something has to change Yeah, but if you were if you're changing like why but the but the point of me bringing up is not that he was wrong He knew this I know these things and I might Don't tell my clients because I tell them up front I'm like runner we're gonna run this until I don't know the end of time possibly I don't know I mean, you know there are tweaks but overall The only time I'll I will tell him if you are just fucking bored you want to do something different tell me But we don't need to change this because you are changing quickly. Yeah, you know, so but but I did I found it very interesting because He knew you had to do that. I'm like you are talking to a guy who changed his training in 2009 Before you considered going to the gym was the last time I really I mean With the goal of bodybuilding was the last time I changed my train You know within reason Yeah, and even people that are having a hard time It doesn't necessarily mean they're on the wrong path Sometimes it's just really hard like this is really hard So like some people like I think I need to change my diet. You know I've only lost four pounds in the last month And I'm like well Yes, you're making like progress There's not a lot of like maybe you need to tweak your diet but like you don't need to change too much and if you change too much Like that you risk you know you already tell me a lot of four pounds of fat in the last month So like if you do that for ten months that's 40 pounds Yeah, you know like like there's a certain amount you know what or even half a pound I lost half a pound last week I need to I need to change something and it's like, hey, I don't know if you do Do a whole bunch of those weeks in a row and you'll see a massive you know you'll look a different So Being patient to his part of it. Do you remember Dorian used to say that you you should have visible change every month And if you have something that then you're fine and if you do not have Change in a month and yeah, you got to look at something But sometimes I think the other factor Being a dead horse here, but is the thing that might need to change is just the amount of effort you put into the exact same thing Yeah, you can never you can never really See how much effort someone is putting in You know actual effort into the sets and That's one of the things that's just impossible to measure and some people Never are able to really measure it themselves, but That the amount of effort that you put into like just your working sets That's a huge thing like just imagine you're prepping someone for a show and They're sticking to the diet perfect and they're doing the cardio exactly the way you tell them But maybe they're just not Training is hard on those sets and they're taking like really long breaks so the workout's not as intense and over time Just wonder how many calories that adds up to a company You know post you know the post workout window where your body's really roasting calories for You know another 12 hours because of how hard you trained I wonder you just do all the math on that I wonder if it's a few pounds of fat at the end of the prep Just a couple pounds of fat that would have made the difference Which is enormous Which is enormous even even one pound of fat can make a visual difference right? Sure, too two people that are shredded to the bone And you just wonder like there's just you can't you can't make them grind out those extra wraps and like do that Fucking really brutal that last set of like press that that they they just quite put their effort into or Or maybe they skip that set and you know you wonder how many calories That set would have resulted in metabolicly you know over the recovery period and all that you know Never know I know so my clients No one but you knows that If you left one rep if you step off the treadmill One minute early every day no one will know But you'll know you will and I think if you're if you're really on a hunt For the best you can be you also know I've done that How I did that a couple times when I was coming back last year I didn't quite know my bodies movements yet, you know and so I'm I'm was filming and I'd like I could tell My forearms going on dads and I'm just back in the dead so I put it down to stay safe not to watch the video Like fuck It wasn't coming Right I Definitely left at least one or two reps on the table And I was trying to be smart don't get me wrong, but that is a case of a Lesser one working yeah, but you don't mean like when you say to yourself like I think it is important to to truly know because even some higher level people They're like as soon as I went heavy, although my form went and I there's a couple of kids where I was the person filming I'm like to make Show the video like oh fuck That's not bad at all You were fine I'll tell you when you're in danger So we wrap is at it for the YouTube question episode guys. That's all we have yes If we're long enough, okay, we appreciate everybody like share subscribe comment and ring the bell and ring the bell And like I said we got some exciting stuff coming on the podcast We got some guests booked we're looking forward to it and Yeah, it's thanks for everything guys and remember it's just body building Yeah