I have someone else's sweat in my eye. A lot of other people sweat in your eye. I have someone spit in my mouth. Oh, I have someone's in sweat down the side of my face. I just got a shoe in the ear. Yeah. And I remember just thinking, this is the point where I'm a little too old for this. You had enough. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Oat. I'm going to bring my microphone over a little more. Get that. That sounds better. Yes. Right kind of in front of the Les Paul. It's got a little. That's a proud right. Just a little block out the Les Paul. Okay. Okay. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's just bodybuilding episode 158. Myself from Parlo and my producer and co-host. Scottling Nally. Remember like share, subscribe, comment and I think there's something else. I don't know. That other guy usually does that part. Fuck. Ring the bell. That's it. Ring the bell. Okay. So we don't know where Dusty is. I was talking to him on the phone and then he started making all these noises. And then the phone went dead. Yeah. I'm sure he's fine. He always comes back. He'll be fine. He'll be fine. He'll be fine. I don't know where he is, but I mean like I'm not going to ask any questions or look for him or worry because I know where I was coming back. Yeah. Like a cat or like a dog that gets out sometimes. Yeah. You know, you see the odd story like the odd story of like a guy who lost his dog in like three years. Yeah. Yeah. Someone. Someone calls him and goes, I think there's a dog that looks like you're a little dog at this pound and it's just random. It's like another state. You know. Yeah. It's like two states over. Like this. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. Like, you know, we in Vegas would be in Vegas shooting in two weeks and he'll just like wander in everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm sure he's. I'm sure he's fine. But we have plenty to talk about because you have a lot of YouTube questions. There's like 25. I just counter them. Literally like 25 questions from YouTube, which you guys are killing it because everybody who posts a question or just a comment in general, it all helps to boost the show up. So other people can find it. So thank you guys. Absolutely. And you know, we give you two comments a little preferential treatment. Yes. You know, I did a great story box. Well, cool. My story. My story box was it great. I mean, I did a. I did a. I did a story box is better than anyway. I did a question box on my story and it got a bunch of great responses. And okay, you know, I have. I have something I wanted to bring up. Sometimes I put a question box up. Yeah. And I get a whole bunch of questions and they're like kind of boring. Okay. Sometimes I put a question box up and they're like really great questions. Yeah. And I realized that how I word, huh, it like really affects it. And you know, if I put like, come on guys, let's get some good ones. Yeah. Anything goes. I get way better questions than if I just go, hey, question time for the podcast. I, it's funny how that. And it could be from the same people. Yeah. Yeah. Your prompting them is what you saw. Something. So I guess technically it wasn't really good story box that you did. There you go. See, I didn't even have to say it myself. I'm cracking the code Scott. It's it. Because I learned all sorts of stuff here. Like how to Instagram and stuff like that. Yeah. You know, and it just comes back to like, people need to be told what to do. That's just the psychology of the consumer. And we all play, we all play the consumer role, right? Like in this situation, I'm not the consumer. Right? But there's a bunch of other situations where I am a consumer. Like anytime you like go on to like a BMAX page on YouTube, you're totally a consumer or just even if I go on someone else's body building podcast can ask them a question. I'm a consumer. Yeah. So we all play the role and the psychology of being a consumer has like it's so easy to be prompted and like guided and directed and you don't even realize it. And you just, you know, you read the box and it's dusty sand, you know, come on. Let's get some fucking good ones. Dude. Like yeah. Fucking my good. You can't just ask like how do I get my bench up? No, no. You know, so it matters. I saw this TV show. I think it was called like magic for humans. Blue my mind. I can't remember the guy's name, but he, he talked about like influencing people. So that when you can get them to say the thing that you want them to say. So when you're doing a magic trick, they'll be like, hey, you know, I want to see, you know, a banana and then you show them the banana. But like through the conversation, you prompted them. He brought in these three people. They were all like big Instagram influencers had a ton of followers and he gave them all these props and he's like, I want you guys to teach me how to make a good Instagram picture. And then he said, by the way, you know, I want to show you my current Instagram pictures. And so we sat him down. He had this conversation with them and he showed him about his like most recent eight pictures on a screen and then he turned them loose. That's what they all did the same freaking picture because he influenced them. He said stuff like like he had used the word like feeling chilly. Like that was one of his quotes. And because of that, they all used the ice cube tray. Whatever it was, like he all had them do the exact same thing. And they didn't know it. So they're like, all right, I want to see we're going to unveil them all. And they all had the exact same picture. And because the whole thing was like, I want to learn how to influence the way you guys influence. And then he actually influenced that. Do it. It was so creepy. Oh, wow. Yeah, it's amazing. It's amazing. There's all these little like, you know, like cheat codes for sales and psychology. And you know, like I just remember, you know, I mean basic basic bullshit, like back when I was bartending, I remember the older bartenders. And these aren't like new school guys. These are like guys that are like in their, you know, at the time. In my very early 20s. And they're these guys are in their 30s and 40s. And they're like real old. They're like real, like real, like broken back. Still working. Yeah. And and and and even those guys would be like every time every time someone orders a drink, you, you, you always have like a yes motion. And you ask them if they want to upgrade to a double and premium, you know, you want to, great use. And you know, if you get a double, you save it all. You know, like, and you always, it's always yes. Yes. Yes. And and, and, you know, you want to say, you want to save a dollar, right? Yeah, you can just answer stuff. Yeah. You know, and, and you know what, I mean, not was a good bartender. So like, I think a lot of that stuff was effective over the years. Like, you know, and it's just funny how like even the old school guys knew that. You know, there was no like, you know, they weren't doing all this modern research and stuff. You know, this was like 100 years ago. It's like before YouTube was even the thing. Yeah. You know, you know, but it was just kind of cool. Like car sales guys, car sales guys. Oh, yeah. Body language and where to stand and like how to like what to say to them and the mood to get them in while they're looking at cars, you know, it's in positive stuff. Like if they got their kids with them, you're like, oh, you kids are great. Aren't they? Yeah. You know, like, you know what I mean? Like, I feel like people are nowadays they're more on to that. You know what I mean? Like, you go to the car place and you're like, I'm waiting for you for sure for sure. That's what makes it more challenging. So the people now have to be like so subtle at it. Yeah. That you that it gets past your, you know, Yeah. They have more genuine. There's whole, um, I'll call it cults like whole cults around like picking up chicks. You know, that, you know, like this is how this is what you do when you see the girl. You do this and, you know, you know, they have like their plans. I remember there was a book. I can't, I'm not going to try to butcher the title, but there was a book that went really like exploded like about 15 years ago. Yeah. And it, you know, kind of made the news because it was like going around. It was kind of like, remember when the secret came out. Yes. Yes. There was a book for picking up chicks. I can't remember the title. I think I know what I'm talking about. Someone out there might remember what I'm talking about. But it was like a book that sort of made the news. Yeah. And I remember my buddy read it and he told me one of the things in it. He's like, and he was pretty good with women. And he told me one of the things in it. He's like, holy fuck I always do that. That's why that's why I've been so good. He's an intro. Yeah. He was a natural and what it was was, let's say there's a girl you like. And she's standing with four people. Yeah. You go over and you're, you talk to the group, but you almost ignore her. Oh, I've heard this one. Yeah. Yeah. And you like give attention to like her friends. Yeah. You know, almost ignore her. And just like all this stuff that was like kind of like brutal. Yeah. But it was in the book as like this stuff fucking works. Because it makes her think, why is he not paying attention to me or my friends? Pretty near the meat. And it was all about like the way it was written was all about like it was ruthless. Yeah. It was like, you know, now herself is steam is one number lower. So now there's more. Now you're statistically more likely to get in there with her. And what I mean, and the more data issues, the better. Yeah. And it would be all about that. And then there is like strategic moment when you would like acknowledge her. And then the set the reward. Yeah. We'd wait for her to put effort in. Yeah. There'd be some she tried to interject in the conversation. But then when she puts effort into like trying to be part of it, then you can then you like reward her like a dog. Okay. And it was just the way it was written was just so ruthless. I hope the guys are taking notes out there right now. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know what's funny. Um, what else did I have to say? You know, I can't remember. So much going on Scott. I'm bomb dust. What is that with us? I'm bomb dust is out with us too. We got a quickly talk about the Tampa Pro. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was a. What do you think? I don't even know that Kamal was going to be there. Yeah. So I heard he was doing the opening. I was like, oh, yeah. That's funny. I asked the Cito. I messaged him as soon as Kamal walked on stage. I said, what is he way? And he said he was two 18. Okay. I wondered. I've actually, I've got the pictures here too. If you want to pull any of them up. Um, which I think of a team. Obviously for anybody who's watching who didn't know a team one. I mean, a team was fucking massive. And he was in good enough condition. I guess. Yeah. I mean, the back double bicep was Kamal all day long. Yeah. Throw that on. I don't know. Just because Kamal's back double was so crazy. But like, I mean, a team looks great there. Like, I don't know. I guess in person, a lot of people were saying a team wasn't hard enough or lean enough. Yeah. You know. I don't know. Let me grab a piece. I, I, I, I, I sometimes think that I, I've had a few people like, you know, you read the odd critical. You read the odd critical complaint. Yeah. I'm here of yourself. And I've, I've read some comments where people are like, runs too nice. Yeah. You know, what is any rifties guys more? You guys have to understand guys. Rounds Canadian first of all. So there is that. Well, there is not secondly. It's just that I've been to so many shows that I know that being their live in the front row with the judges is different than all the stuff you presented on Instagram and it is. I don't trust, I don't really trust any images. Like, yeah. What's been filtered? What hasn't been filtered? Did they enhance it? Did they fix it or make it better? Like, yeah. You know, and I just, even the videos you see like, you go, well, you know, you just got to be there. Like, like quite often from row 20 at the honor classic everybody looks like they're in the same condition. Right. You know, I just, I'm fucking great. They're just a great. And then you walk on stage. And you're standing with guys and you're like, oh, that guy's like harder than that guy and that guy's. You know, you just, it's just different. So there's a shot of here's, here's the a keen back shot. He hit this when they got a picture of him here. And I mean, yeah, that's, that's not the best heart, let's put it this way. That's not the hardest a keen we've ever seen. But it's hard for him to get there. That said, man, like, you know, and obviously I wasn't there either. Let me see if I can find the comparison pictures because when you see the scene, when you see the comparisons, there is a factor of just sheer size too. So I don't want to, you know, I mean, I know as Cito was pretty upset about it. I heard he was really upset. I talked to him a bit. Okay. But I heard he was really upset on their podcast and went off on how come all should of one. And I mean, I understand his argument because I guess they said, I guess somebody said it got out. I don't want to butcher the story, but I guess one of the judges said, you know, when we stood them all together, you know, we realized that he's just too small. And that's kind of what I was wondering. I mean, here's a, here's a side shot. And so then as Cito's argument is well, if, if that actually matters, and why is Hati in the top three, might it shine clear read a way to open show, what it, you know, like, how did Clarita be region? Like, you know, take Clarita and region. And then take, take, come all in a keen. Yeah, you know, and they kind of came out opposite. I don't know. But that was Chris's argument, I guess, but I don't really, I don't really, I wasn't there. You know, I mean, I did what they did. You know, and I'm not going to take sides here because like I like you said, I'm not there either, but looking at this picture, I can say, you know, size wise, I don't know, man. You know, there is just some things he's, the, come all's not going to be able to do just the sheer volume of size. He's taking a, I don't know, I mean, huge fan of his, though, personally. So I'm kind of buying this, you know. And, and, you know, you go, you know, old school judging, like I would, is you got seven poses. Yeah. And I'm, it's muscular. So you got eight poses. So, you know, who wins the most poses? And maybe, you know, front double, a keen, front, last spread. I don't know. I was just say, you know, a keen pretty fucking big. Yeah. I don't know. I just, you know, I just, you know, and then maybe give both of the back shots to come all. Okay. I could do that. Yeah. So, and then you got the ab thigh. I don't know. I don't really remember either one of their ab side. I have to look at it again. But you know what I mean? Maybe the need to do that. Maybe a keen just comes out on top, you know? I don't necessarily have a problem with it. I do want to give a shout out to Quentin, though. Yeah. Quentin's a great guy. And he, he, he, I fucking looked great, man. And, you know, to pull out a top three against those two dudes, that's, um, that's quite an accomplishment, you know? Quentin looked great. I mean, look at that physique. Like, he could have won. They could have just a 5ly put em first and just said, Oh, he was a, he was the best combination of shape, structure, and condition. Yeah. And he was big enough. They could have easily given him the win. And said, yeah, he's not as thick in the chest and back, depth wise as a keen, but he's big enough. His legs aren't a problem. His arms aren't any kind of problem. His structure shape, everything about him is like a limpia level. He looks fantastic. He just needs, you know, I said, the judge isizing. He's a bit more size from the back and a bit more thickness. But he had, he ticked so many other boxes. They could have given them the win anyways. Yeah. And, you know, you're bringing up a point, too, that at that level, it really is a lot of time splitting hairs. I mean, like every single one of these guys, they're freaking, these are the best guys in the world. So yeah, I guess I'm just, I'm, I'm with you, and then maybe give people a little bit of a break as far as the judging goes. Although it sucks when you see somebody, like, I would imagine the storyline if Kamal could have gone in there and won this thing. Like that would have been huge news across everything. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Hey, what's the deal on Clarita? He's going to, he's waiting to hear if he's allowed to do both the open end to 12, right? Uh, yeah, I'm not sure what the deal is. He put a post up today. Okay. I said, listen, unless you hear it from me, it's fake news. Okay. I will announce, I will announce soon. Yeah. I'm waiting to hear back. Okay. That would be incredible, wouldn't it? Yeah. You know, but it would be great for him to do it because it would be first, first person ever do it. You know, and super hard core. Yeah. And also like, I don't know. I think body builders have a, well, they have a reputation for doing it, but I think a lot of them. They're, they're just too, um, you know, they'd be like, I don't know how to put it. Like, I think some of them could be doing more with their careers. Huh. Okay. And that would be a maximizing thing to do. Yeah. Yeah. What? Fucking everything. Like, that's like, hey, I'm here to make some, I'm here to make a name. I'm here to make noise. I'm here to make as much money as I possibly can while I'm in this game. And it's all about the long, I'm just all about doing everything I can't shake. Every hand do every show do both Olympias. Fucking. Yeah. That's, that's the, I like that attitude. I do too. I like him a lot. Yeah. He's always been just such a hard worker. He's not a guy that causes any kind of drama, really. He's really saying he's literally just like eating his food and working his ass off and growing. And even from before he, like he became, what he is now, like he was always strong. He was always training hard. He was always eating his food. Like he was always just like, I'm pointing. So I mean, super hardcore. Yeah. Yeah. I like yeah. He's, I would say like he's, he's one of the guys that like embodies hard court to me. I would agree. Sistently dedicated constantly. Yeah. You know, yeah. You know, when here's stories about like, Clarita being out hammered in Vegas and fucking, you know, like throwing money at strippers and fighting. You just, you know, you know, you don't, you don't, you just, he's a type of guy. You know, he's like fucking bodybuilding. Yeah. Yeah. So I like that. Okay. You want to do some YouTube questions? Yeah. I'm going to stop into him. We might have to like wrap it fire some of these. That's fine. I don't mind. Wrap it fire. Because we have so many here. All right. Now, I'm not sure on this one. So you might have to, we might have to pull up picks. Question for the crew. Would you rather have Dorian's lats and hair from circa 92 Olympia or circa 93 Olympia? Has to be the lats. Has to be the hair and lats. No. No, subbing. So I know he grew that mallet. Was that it was the, he had the mallet in 92. Okay. Yeah. Okay. The mallet 92. And, and, but I don't know, I mean, the lats were insane in both. Yeah. Years. I mean, there were a little bigger in 93. Okay. But I'd go, I'd go 93 because the hair was not a mallet. It was, you know, I wouldn't want to have a mallet right now. It's kind of, it's back though, I think. You can do it. Yeah. You can do it. So, well, yeah. Get the bumps to the mustache too. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a little too old for that buddy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. How many 46 year olds do you see in like Jim Shark Tank Topps? Hmm. That's true. But I do, no. I do see. I think a good deal of 46 year olds with mallets. So there is that. Yeah. But they're not doing it. Never cut them. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You had a follow up. He says does Arnold have the best packs ever to this date in our beloved bodybuilding history. The best pack. The best pack, sever. Talking about that. He, while, I mean, his packs are legendary. Let's just put it that way. It's hard to compare good packs. There's lots of good packs. We hate he had great fucking packs. Yeah. He did. You know what I mean? He's just fucking Christ, you know. But yeah. We can just say Arnold's a king of the packs. I have no problem with that. I don't. Okay. We'll go with it. You know. They were very sweeping. You know, the front double. They had that real sweeping out like long wide look. He had a great chest. Yeah. Big barrel rib cage. All right. Look at that. We got through a question pretty quick. There. There's no dusty. We're more fish. We're more fish. You know. Okay. What's something? You used to do yourself that you now pay someone else to do since becoming more successful. Well, I do everything for my business myself. But for the gym, I'm so fucking happy. I've got to give a shout out to my friend Rahean. Okay. He's our friend, everybody's friend. But we have hired him to do the Instagram for the gym. Oh, no. Why? I suddenly have like at least an hour a day of just new time now. That's cool. I was mainly running it. Like the other guys would you know, chip in and help. But I was mainly running it. And I was just frantically trying to repost stories as fast as possible twice a day. Yeah. Just to not miss any. But I had no time to like, you know, do creative posting or like, you know, pro shops, stories like, hey, coming by this and coming by that. And you know, look what we have and, you know, new product in like I wasn't doing a That stuff. I was just frantically answering messages twice a day because it would just get insane. Yeah. And we hired Rahean. So now he's handling it and it's been awesome. I just opened it once a while and I look and everything's answered and reposted and taking care of it. It's a beautiful thing. He's speaking of which Steve did a check. He's speaking of what he's been thinking about. Yeah. We still got to talk about two 12 division because that was fucking crazy. I didn't catch much of that, but I saw his name in the list. And I was like, all right, man, he pulled out a, he got eight pulled out a top 10 for being a guy who wasn't even a pro not too long ago. That's pretty cool. That's a good month ago. So yeah. Well, so it kind of suck because after the show, they told him he was seventh. Oh, no kidding. Yeah, like, because he called me and he's like, yeah, I just talked to, I just talked to Tyler Man, you know, seventh and I was like, oh, yeah. And then like he came out at eight. So I don't know what happened. But anyways, we were a little disappointed with the call out. Okay. Because I mean, he looked really good. Like he looked really fucking good. And so, you know, we're a little bit, a little bit sucked. And then the thing that kind of sucked was, you know, when they, they did a top, they did a six man. We did a six man first call out. Okay. And then they, they put them away and they did the second call out, which was another six guys. There's dead O.C. It's nice and shredded like useful and hard. Tiny ways to. Yeah. You got another one. Yeah. Another another picture. Yeah, throw a couple up. Would, would be a good shot for me to pull up here. I got, I want to help you see. How about this? Double set back, double's good. I put this. All right. Yeah, I got a side chest here. Let me grab this side chest because I'm seeing his leg looks really solid from inside there. He's got some heels on him, man. Yeah, he's got a great physique, man. You know, he was nice and ripped and full. And so yeah, good package. I mean, we're really happy with the look. He's better than he was when he turned pro and he was about, like almost ten pounds heavier. Okay. And he was a big shot. You know, he was pretty tight, man. Had the glutes and everything. So he's going to Dallas. Yeah, see. You know, he looks good. Glutes are ripped. Hands are ripped. You know, what's going to be, what's going to be the plan for Dallas from here? What just try to get, you know, you know, at whatever one wants fuller and harder. Yeah. You know, it's turn the dials. You know, a little bit try to, you know, can he, can he look a little Grainier, can he get a little more busting out in the packs and sort of thing. He just got to push it a little bit. Yeah. So yeah, that's the plan. But yeah, we're hoping for first call out. And then when they, you know, when they, they pull out the third to six. Yeah. And they do another look at them. They could have added people because they only had four guys in that line up. And they could have added and like mixed it up, you know, who knows? A guy's in seventh and eighth might have been able to mix it up with six and fifth. And, you know, that's always fun. But they didn't do that. So that was a bit of a bummer. But the feedback was crazy. And the judges told him like, we really want to see you again. And he's like, oh, I'll be in Dallas. So that's cool. So it's looking good. And I want to give a shout out to another, another Canadian Cody Drowbot who landed in fourth. Oh, no. And I got to give a shout out to Cody because he's a great guy and a friend of mine for many years. He's one of those younger body builders from the city that I, I'm from. Okay. And I watched him come up like the regional level and the provincial level and the national level. And get his pro card and then make his pro debut and land in the in fourth spot. No. And so yeah, so he's he's like, you know, one of my hometown sort of buddies. So I got to give a shout out to Cody Drowbot because he came in. He's he's known for his his condition and strided muscle and you know, he's one of the, he's technically one of the smaller guys, you know. But but the packaging brings is just refined. He works with Neil Hill. They're a great team. Okay. And yeah, so you got another shot of them. He's got the sets and crazy. He's got a really cool. Just wanted to give him a little give him a little love. We should even have him on the show. He's a really good guy. It'd be cool. Let me see. You know, give these give these Canadian guys a little, a little push. We've got to have some of them on. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Here's a great shot here. Yeah. He looks really good. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like he's got a great shape and he's only going to get bigger. He turned pro at like like 196. No kidding. And I think he's like, I think he's 205 there. I don't know. Okay. Okay. But but yeah. Yeah. He was my job. I might have his weight wrong. I don't know his weights. Okay. But yeah. Anyways, show that to him. Good buddy, my. All right. Yeah. Now I just remembered Steve was there. Okay. Here's another one. This is just a comment. But I wanted to throw it up because he says, he says, How is there only 18k subs? This has become my favorite body building channel. And I am subscribed to a lot of others, too. I just wanted to say shout out to everybody because as he mentioned 18k, we hit 18k this week. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. I'm happy to see it growing. You know, too. Me too. It's cool. My Instagram finally went up. What do you mean? So I was at 44.6. Okay. Fucking like forever. Really? And I just thought, am I like never going to grow? Like, I'm just like post my shed and nothing, nothing, nothing. And then all of a sudden one day it was 44.9. Huh. And I was like, oh my god, it moved. And it was there for months. Weird. And then and it's weird because like every day I open my Instagram and there's all these new followers. But yeah, I don't know. And then finally the other day I woke up and it's 45k. Nice. It was like two years I swear. Were you starting to feel like maybe this is my worth? Is that what you started to like, well, maybe the, Yeah. Yeah. I thought maybe the algorithm had been tuned to a point where, you know, if you're not like, oh, god. Like some of this stuff I hate on Instagram. I'm like, I wonder if they're just tuning it for this stuff I hate. And I don't do that stuff. So I'm not going to grow. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like, like, one of the cringiest things. And it's just because I'm like, I just don't get it. I don't want to be a part of it. But when people like post a video where there is a quote from a movie or a song lyric and their mouthing it, oh, you don't like that, huh? I fucking hate those. Yeah. I think they're the dumbest, silliest nonsense. Like I can't imagine doing one of those. And posting it. But people love them and other people want to watch them and laugh at them. People send them to me. They're like, look at those one. Uh-huh. And I came and watch it. Like I hit play. I hit play and it's somebody mulling like, come on, mother fucker. Like it's like a quote from a movie. Yeah. And they're mulling it. Then I just, I just exit. Huh. Exit. Don't even know what you're talking. Can't do it. Your mouth and movie quotes and song lyrics out. I'm out. I don't have a strong feeling either way. If I look at them, Paul, it actually repulses me. I have to get out like I scramble. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, yeah, it's weird. What about? What about? How about at a bodybuilding show when somebody like lip sinks? They'll have like Arnold on there. You know, he'll be back. I'll be back. You know, and then the person will say it. It really bothers you, huh? Can't stand it. Can't stand it. Drives me crazy. Huh. I was, I was saying, like, oh, I would, yeah, drives me crazy. Because it's, it never works. Yeah, there's never totally lined up, is it? It's never, it doesn't never looks right. And the audio of bodybuilding shows is usually terrible. Like it's not that great. It's okay if there's music, but like voices talking or a quote from a movie. Yeah. Or they'll be like gunshots pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Yeah, well, well, you don't like the gunshots either. What about you guys on stage? You guys on stage, like, like, mouth and the, yeah, let's go to war like he's got something. Yeah. I'm just like, what? Just hit a shot. Like, what are you doing? Do you remember the, I think it was King Kamali did like the hydraulic stuff? I just offended. I just offended so many people. Well, the hydraulic stuff was movement. Okay. So that would the hydraulic stuff's okay. Gunshots, not okay. Well, you got your tongue. Got to go properly, properly, properly go back and, and you did it. Vince Taylor doing the Terminator routine. Oh, yeah. That was like awesome. Like he changed. He revolutionized posing. Vince Taylor came out at the Olympia that year and did the Terminator routine. It was like, this has changed, this changed everything. And, um, but he wasn't like, you know, you know, you know, yeah, it's just, it just doesn't work for me. And I'm, and it's so funny because I know there's people out there that are like, I just did that. I don't know. But, um, I've been seeing that at shows for decades. Oh, yeah. I don't think I'm going crazy. It's always been something I'm like, and I would never do that. I don't know. I couldn't picture you doing that. Just, not just I wouldn't see that. But you know what, Jay Color, I don't think Jay would do that either, Woody. No, I can't see him doing it. Did you ever do it? I don't think so. I don't think Jay did. Yeah. If we're wrong, I can't handle lip syncing. I lip syncing and posing routines and lip syncing or movie syncing. And that's, and that's why TikTok is so brutal. I went on, I went on a lot of that. I went on a lot of that. That's what it is. It's all like, TikTok is what is the trendiest, silliest thing happening. And now we're just going to show you a thousand of them. Yeah. That's why I hate that. It's so invasive and just like, grading. What if you realized you're like, okay, I'm at 45. But if I were to do some lip syncing, I could get to 60 by, you know, September. Then I just got a bunch of people that like lip syncing following me. For no reason. Yeah, that's true. I don't care. I got a training one here. Do they buy mutant product and use my code? Bigger on 20. If they're doing the lip syncing thing, I'm going to guess probably not. You know, I don't know. All right, you know, question for the next show. The hamstring drop, which shows when you're in your side chest. What exercises would you recommend to get that drop? I already have RDL, lying seated ham, lying and seated hamstrings, curls as main compounds for leg days. And those are high rep sets. Will it be just a matter of time for them to grow? This is my first proper off season when I didn't get the rest. And he says, food intake is high. So this is, this is, this is, and no offense at all, but this is rookie stuff. And, and, and, and I want to try to help everybody here. Um, There is no exercise for hamstring drop. Just like there is no exercise for hamstring drop. There's no exercise for bicep peak. There's no exercise like that. It's just get the muscle bigger. That's all. If someone has great hamstring drop, it means that they have a, They're lucky enough to have rounder muscle bellies in their hamstring. So there's a kind of an enhanced shape to work with from the start. And, and B, they've got lots of muscle in their hamstring. Yeah. You know, so those are the only two things that matter is how bigger your hamstrings and your genetic shape. You know, there might be a little bit more of a bulky belly and, you know, two out of three heads. You might get lucky. Maybe you're lucky in all three heads are kind of fat. Yeah. You know, and then you got real big hamstrings like Tom Prince, you know. Yeah. But, um, you know, hamstring drop is just get your legs big, man. Yeah. Yeah. And also your doctor's size makes a difference because you're squishing that leg against the other leg. The push it out behind you. So the more a doctor you have, the more you can kind of force like mash your legs together. And, um, and push your hamstring out on the posing because there's a skill to it for posing as well. Agreed. That's what I was going to say too. Yeah. Because like, if you think about like, I mean, I'd take it off to back for a minute. Like when you first try to hit a rear double bicep, first thing you do is like squeeze everything together, right? And then your upper back looks real narrow. You got it. You got it. You got to let it like hang out. You got to push that out. And that's the same thing I think with the ham. You don't want to flex the hamstring because that pulls it out. No, you know. It's funny because I always disliked Ronnie Coleman's side chest. Really? Huh. Yeah. Ronnie Coleman did his side chest and he did like three things that annoyed me. And one of them was he flexed his hamstring. Oh, yeah. So he would set his leg up and flex his whole leg. So he didn't really have a crazy drop. I mean, it was big enough of a drop just because his leg was so fucking big. Right. Right. But his hamstrings would be all tight and corded out. And they looked shredded, which is cool. But I was sought to side chest isn't for showing your hamstring shreds. Yeah. The side chest is for showing like like that's what you want. So then you put like J. Cutler next to him in the side chest and J would let his hamstring relax. Yeah. And I was sought that like the side leg looked better on on guys at their hamstring. Hang. You know. The greed and Ronnie used to kind of flex his hamstring. And I was bothered me because I thought what would it let what what is leg look like if you just let it hang like how great. Like what it just be ridiculous. Yeah. You know like member Tom Prince, you know. Yeah. And so I always really modeled myself after like I was found that to be like a real focus point with posing like I would really for that like I did everything I could to push as much a doctor back and crank that over and and I was always told I had a great side leg when I competed like I had good drop on my hamstring. But I never didn't have a specially huge legs. I think I just knew how to pose them. That and you hit a very small waist in in there's a relationship thing there, right? Yeah. You know, yeah. Leg wide leg looks wider when your waist looks like it's a third of that size. And then another thing just quick on posing because I have to say it. Yeah. My number one grievance with side chest is guys who stick their ass out. Huh. Okay. I fucking hate that. Yeah. I drives me crazy like you're literally ruining the pose when you stick your ass out like that and they think it makes her glute more strided. It's like I don't give a shit. It looks terrible. Your body is just like sat on it. Yeah. Pull your pull your hip underneath you and so on top of it. Yeah. Look at it. Like look at all, you know, most guys look at all the big guys doing like Arnold with sit on, you know, his his glute was pulled his hip was underneath him, you know, it wasn't out behind it. Yeah. So when guys do their side chest and stick their butt out, I drive me crazy. Pull it in underneath you. That's what I always say. Looks way better. Yeah. I go with that. Yeah. I'll take that one. It's an obsession guys have for trying to get shorter all the time. It doesn't always make you look better. Yeah. There's some poses where it's great to be huge. Side chest is one of them. I don't think everyone needs to squat way down on their side chest. People are way too obsessed with that. I think it depends. I think it depends on the person I guess, you know, yeah, for sure. Some guys like if they stand up a little bit, they're like still just as big. Hmm. And they look like now they're like, you know, because some guys have those frames where you're like fuck you's that frame dude. You don't need to be five six. You're fucking awesome at five ten. Just dominate everybody, you know. I will say this if I were to and I've seen this on other people. If I if I were to squat too far down, then it starts taking away from the hamstring. I think it's like the whole laid gets pulled more. Yeah. All right. Let me see what else we got here. Well, the more you squat down the longer your hamstring. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Question for the next episode. What is one set? Oh, one set that six out in your mind. Whenever you think of the hardest set you've ever done. For example, mine was six plates per side times 60 on the leg press. Thanks guys. Great question. Um, I can tell him what the scariest set I ever did was. Yeah. Yeah. That's easy. Yeah. It's on video too. And it's on YouTube. No shit. And most people have no idea how mentally taxing it was because of the situation. But it was I trained legs with James Hollings head at Kings gym. Okay. For mute non-emission. And I told James I want to do legs with you because I'm coming back from my quad Ter. Yeah. And I really need a goal. I really really want to know that in three months I'm training legs with you. And I want really to like put this behind me. And I need this visit to Kings gym to train with you to be like like it has to be because I, I know I was training as hard as I could. But I was just it was in the back of my mind the whole time, right? Of course. And and and I just said I need to leave this behind. Okay. And so he knew that he's like cool bro. We'll do legs. We'll fucking smash it up proper. I could hear him say those exact words too. We'll do it up. We'll do it up proper. And I was like, okay. So anyways, it's this it's we did a rest pause set on the leg press with bands and it was like our first quad exercise. Okay. And and you know, I just I hadn't been under that much weight. It was the most weight I'd put on a leg press with these big fat bands on there. We didn't know like you couldn't calculate how much it was because of the big fat bands. So I really didn't have any reference because I knew all my poundages that I've been using right. And all of a sudden we're using all these like the gym is crazy. Some plates are 25 kilos, some are 20. Right. And that it drives crazy. That it to be that is not your style right there. And you're out of your comfort zone. And we're just pilot plates on. So like I don't even know which plates are 20s and which are 25. So if you count the plates, you're like, it still doesn't. You still don't know how much is on there. And we had a barbell across it with more plates on. And then we had big fat green bands. And so I didn't really know how much was on there. And I just had to fucking. You know, and it was scary. It was scary because it was so much weight. And it was a rest-pause set. So it was on the drop set. Okay. So as if three sets to failure with the same weight. And it was a bit heavy. I got I think I got like eight. And then rested 30 seconds. I got like three or four. Okay. And then rested 30 seconds and got like two. With him spotting me on the lap on the like it was literally a single with a four-strip. Yeah. And racked it and nothing, nothing ripped off. Nice. And I just remember after that set was over. I was like, oh fuck. If that quad tenon can take that, I'll be fine. Huh. It was awesome. That was scary. I was really like, I was like shaking a bit. And then I threw up after the workout. After we finished leg curls I threw up. And I remember thinking like yeah, it was really hot in there. And I drank a ton of fluid. Like I was sweating like fucking crazy and it's gotten water. But then I realized afterwards I was like, My anxiety level was off the chart. Yeah. It's probably probably part of why I threw up. You were preparing for that for literally months. And you had like to you there was so much on the line. You know? Yeah. It was just a personal thing. Yeah. And I knew there was going to be on camera. And I've, you know, no one wants to train on camera and not be able to train like hard. And you know, so yeah, that was the scariest set ever did. Because I remember we were putting plates on and I was like, Shh. I remember the thought crossed my mind. What if it rips off again? And I have to fly home with a torn quad. Yeah. Oh God. That would be the worst trip ever. You know? So. That's a good one. That's a good. I can't think of one off hand. I can't think of one single set where I'm like, oh, that's. Yeah. I couldn't either. Like I just happened to have that one in my memory because of everything. But other than that, I mean, there's just been so many hard sets. You know, you've been training super hard for so many years. Yeah. They all kind of. You trained with so many guys that train super hard. Like, you know, he's crazy. I got to tell you when I came out there and we trained shoulders together. I had not been hitting shoulders and obviously shoulders. So it's like there was never there was no single set in that workout where I was like scared. But right, I hadn't been hitting shoulders hard for a while. Like for me, shoulders had always been a strong point. And I started taking away from them in order to focus more on chest. And after we had that workout, I was like, huh, because my shoulders were fried too. Like, and it's not often that your shoulders get fatigued and sore. Right. I was like, you know what? I got to put more focus into shoulders after this. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. It's good to hear. It's good workout. Yeah. All right. Let's be here if you're. Am I making up for Dusty's lack of opinion? You're pretty opinionated. I'm trying to be a little more opinionated. I'm trying to be a little more opinionated. I'm trying to be a little more opinionated. I'm trying to be a little more opinionated. I'm trying to be a little more opinionated. We had a few people that didn't like the resting bitch face video. Like we pulled that little clip out. We got some thumbs down on the YouTube short. Yeah. And I got some like irritated people and message me. They're like, I don't want to talk to people to gym. Yeah. And I'm like, that's not what it was about. Yeah. That wasn't what it was about. You know, I pulled my hat down and put my headphones into to three people. Like, but it was about people that like kind of proudly go through regular life. You know, wearing purposely wearing a face that they know makes everyone think they're mad at them. There's people out there that do that. I hear them, they love it. They take pride in it. The rest of us got it. Yeah. My joyousness. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Ooh, here we go. Question for the next show. Has there ever been a band you really liked, but seeing them live, ruined them for you. I saw Everclear live and it was so bad. I just can't listen to them anymore. I like what they used to. Yeah. So there were, well, I didn't ruin the band for me, but it definitely was like notably bad concert. So the first one I actually blame the sound guys and the venue. But I went and saw the pumpkins, the smashing pumpkins. Oh, I heard they're terrible in their fucking hayday. And it was on the melancholy tour that double album they had, you know, with all those great songs. Yeah. It was just amazing music. And I love that album. Like those, sign these dream and melancholy were just those, that's just magical music. And I went to that concert and it just sounded like a wall of shit. Yeah. I've heard that about them. Just terrible. Like the guitar couldn't differentiate which guitar was doing which part. And the bass and drums was just like a mush. The mix was terrible. And we were in like a big tin building. It was in like, you know, like, like a big, you know, kind of arena type of thing. But it was like, like had that echoey sheet metal sort of fucking booming sound. There's just brutal concert. Yeah. And then because of that, I never went to see them again. Like I had chances to see the pumpkins again. And I'm like, ah, this isn't the albums. Yeah. I heard that. You're not doing it. You heard it. Yeah. Yeah. And it's funny because they never did a live album. No, they didn't did that. Like they never had a big, you know, like AC DC Punched Out a Couple of Live albums. Yeah. And they're like amazing. Like they sound fucking great and it's tight from beginning to end and the mix is perfect. And you know, like lots of bands punch out a live album. And that's my litmus test for how good a band is, right? Yeah. And then another concert that I saw that was terrible was the offspring. Really? Okay. So they're kind of from punk roots. So the band was great. Yeah. The band was great. They were great. But Dexter couldn't sing that day, man. He could not hit any notes. He was way off on everything. And there's a lot of like high notes in the offspring. Oh, like he's like screaming. He's sort of got a higher pitch voice and it's, you know, he's got a lot of stuff. He's got to hit to make those songs sound right. He was just fucking brutal. I remember thinking three songs in. I was like, is he like going to warm up? Oh, yeah. Like is he like going to get better? Because occasionally you notice that. Like one thing with a lot of live Nirvana records. The Nirvana has several live concerts that have been released, right? Right. And the thing that I think is, Kurt's voice is always a little rough on the first two songs. Like, rough her. Because he's just, you know, like he, I don't think he's backstage warm up. You know, no, no. You know, they just like, you know, smoke and cigarettes. Like that's fine. You know, right. And so, you know, I remember watching the offspring and just waiting. And it just didn't get any better. He fucking sucked. It's like this brutal. And the guys that sing back up, like, you know, there's a little bit of backup in there. They're fine. Huh. So I can't think of any. I can't think of like a single time where I went to a concert in felt let down. I feel like every time I've gotten into it. And then I like the band even more after that. Like literally every single time. I'm probably forgetting something, but I think every concert I've been to is good. Yeah. Yeah. One of, I will say this, one of my most pleasant surprises ever was a buddy called me up. And was like, hey, do you want to go see Miles Kennedy and slash like it's slash as band? He's got Miles Kennedy singing, right? It's like, that, you know, slash has put out a lot of albums over the years, right? He had slash his snake pit for a while. And then it was just slash, I think. But anyways, Miles Kennedy sings for him a lot. And I was like, yeah, sure. Let's go see him. So we went and saw them in a little bar with probably 500 people. And I didn't really know how Miles Kennedy really even sounded at the time. I hadn't been paying attention to slash as solo stuff. Yeah. It was fucking awesome. The band was awesome. Miles Kennedy was great singer. And then they did like five, I mean, they probably did 20 songs. And like five or six of them were guns and roses songs. Okay. And Miles Kennedy literally sounded better than Axel. Well, okay. That doesn't, okay. Yeah. He sort of tried to sound like Axel, like he gave it the same swagger. Yeah. It was like, this is awesome. He's fucking better. Because I remember the live guns and roses stuff was a little rough. Because Axel was a fucking disaster. And I was like, this is great. I'm 20 feet from slash. He's like standing right in front of me. And Miles sounds awesome. And they sound great. That's cool. Of it, you know? Yeah. Good time. You ever get into like the mosh pit and stuff when you're younger. Did you just go to listen? Yeah. I remember my last pit. And I decided this is the last pit. Okay. And it was, I went to see the food fighters. Oh. And it would have been like, oh, five. Because it was the double that in your honor double album. Yeah. So it would have been like, oh, five. And that was to me like the end of peak food. Like that was to me. They're last great album. And then it like sort of like, you know, they all had too many kids. And the music just got a little more like radio eagles sort of sure. I could see that. But I sort of see like in your honor as like my sort of ending for my window of where I really Love the food fighters. And I went and saw them live and we went right in the pit right to the front three people in front of me and then Dave Girlstander right there. And I remember thinking for like the first five, six songs. This is fucking awesome. That's fucking awesome. And then by like song 10, I was like, I am soaked with other people's sweat. Yes. I have someone else's sweat in my eye. A lot of other people sweat in your eye. I have someone spit in my mouth. Oh. I have someone's fucking sweat down the side of my face. I just got a fucking shoe in the ear. Yeah. I just fucking and I remember just thinking, This is the point where I'm a little too old for this. You had enough. This is enough. You know, like, I mean, I guess I would have been 30 that year. Okay. Let's like, let's start off with a bunch of money. To hang it up, you know? Good, good, good age to be like, you know what? We're done doing this. You know who never has hung it up. You know, you know, Dave Calig. Dave Calig, good friend of mine. He's never given up. In fact, he went on this like, he's like his, his like kind of midlife crisis, a slayer tour where he followed slayer around for like their entire last tour. And he was in the pit for literally. I think in fact, he said he had like if they played two nights, he would go in the pit one night and then he'd have a ticket for his wife to sit in the back, you know, and like in the chairs. And then the next night he would go and sit in the seats with her. That's incredible. Now did the band did, because a lot of those guys, you start falling a band. They really noticed and you like get to talk to them and stuff. Oh yeah, if this Dave's like a bodybuilder still. So he's a big dude. He's in the pit. So like he's got all sorts of pictures and stuff hanging out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's awesome. I know the bands are great with those people that travel around. They're usually really great with those guys. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. And he is, if you do that, if you're going to follow a band, talk to the road crew. Not to talk to the, because if they're the same roadies, right? Right. So try to talk to the road crew and that's a really good way to get. Like let them know, like, came in. This is my foreshow, like in foreignites. I'm falling you guys around. They'll tell the band. Yeah. All right. See what else we got here. Ah. Ch-ch-ch-ch. Question for the next episode. Oh, what style of t-shirts do you guys buy? What I mean is almost every t-shirt I buy holds it shape until about three washes in where I will put it on. And it'll look like I am wearing a bell. The bottom bell's out drives me insane. I fucking hate that. It's a worst. That's a worst. I almost wear nothing, but nice old school T by the way. Thank you. Appreciate it. I, I, I almost wear nothing, but like the tribe like, the tribeland stuff now. You know, like, you know, like the tribeland teas, the tribeland, the blend teas that are thin and light and kind of stretchy. I like those. Yeah. That's, that's all I want. I don't want anything else. I want to be like Mark Zuckerberg. We're exactly the same shirt and pair jeans every single day. Like, that's what I want. Just all tribeland shirts. Every, every single shirt. Just fine with it. I don't need to wear anything else. I don't, I, you know, I, I, I, I, I used to, I used to when I was really big, you know, I used to like the big boxy cotton teas, you know, for leg day. Yeah. But I just don't, I still look good in those anymore. Like, I got a couple that are pretty cool now. They're like, just still pretty cool. But when I wear them, I'm like, ah, just kind of look like, like, like, it looks like I'm kind of fat. Like, like, my shoulders are narrower, but the shirt still hangs like super wide, right? So I just don't like how they look on me anymore. My, my body shape and stuff is different now. I, I feel way better in just like kind of a real thin light, tribeland shirt, you know. I'm hesitant to ever, like, I'll see a company that I like and I, like a, you, a YouTube channel or something. I'm like, I want to buy their shirt, you know, support them plus have that cool shirt. But I'm very hesitant to, because you don't always know what you're going to get. And if it's a shirt that you don't like, it's a shame. You know, you first of all, you spent $30 or more on it. But second of all, it's like a material. And that's one of the reasons I haven't done shirts yet for the channel. I want to be positive that they're good shirts because that would be the worst. I would have like crappy shirts that we're trying to sell, you know. Yeah. Yeah. And like sometimes that happens. You get around to shirts and you're like, he's aren't quite as good of a shirt as the last round, but you know, you still do your best to, you know, like the, you know, like the bellic canvas stuff and like, you know, you're good, you know, like those are always great. If companies just use like, you know, that type of shirt. Next level, that's a good one that you can get. Yeah, they have a couple different models. There's like, you know, you know, yeah. Definitely. And you know what else is I used to love baseball teas. Oh, yeah, yeah. But I don't know. I feel a little skinny in them now. Yeah. I don't know if I like wearing them anymore. I think it depends on the color. Because if you have like, if you have the, the somebody would tell me this one time and I think there's some truth to it. So white, like if you have the white sleeves that will accentuate your arms. With the black central part, you know, then your that wastelix. That's exactly right. You do the opposite and you're screwing yourself, you know. That's why baseball teas are hard because, you know, we go to order them and, and most of them come with a white body and colored sleeves. Yeah. They're not bi builders, which is cool if you're not bloated from ramming food. Yeah. Right. But, you know, if you're a body builder and you want to look good all the time and you eat a lot, you don't want to white body shirt. You know, you want to black body shirt and white sleeves. Yeah. That's ideal. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What do you got here? So I will do a two hour leg day, excuse me, leg workout and go straight into an eight hour shift. Going up and down stairs and never really sitting down other than for two five minute breaks to eat. My legs have grown just fine. The people scared of doing cardio post leg day or scared of doing it in the morning. Are they, are they, are they the ones that are doing it right? Or are they just pussy's? Well, people do worry too much about all this stuff. There's, so one thing I deal with is, you know, a lot of times a client will be like, hey, you know, I have to train early tomorrow. So I don't know what to do. I'm like, okay, well, what do you mean? And they're like, well, I have to get up and do my cardio and then eat my breakfast and then train all before nine o'clock. Yeah. And I'm like, no, just get up eat your breakfast, go to the gym train. You're cardio after your workout and then good on with your day. Yeah, you have a life to live. That's completely fine. And so people are really, really worried about this stuff that is not big picture at all. And they're willing to like horribly inconvenience themselves. Hmm. Do things a certain way just because of like this dogma that's been pounded into them that they must do morning cardio. It's like, yeah, if you like morning cardio hit, but if there's that one day that comes up where you're in a fucking bind, just do what you've got to do. This train and do your cardio like you cannot hesitate on that stuff. It is a waste of all of your energy to hesitate on it. Just do it. Yeah, you know, and I always say getting proper sleep because like there's people that would be like, I have to get up two hours extra early tomorrow because I have to do my cardio and then eat and then train. I'm like, no, no, you're sleep, Trump's all that. Yeah. Trump's all that. Oh, with you. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, so as far as this guy, he's right, a lot of people are, well, I wouldn't use a word pussy. That's a little mean, but they're just they're just like overly concerned. They're overly worried about how can't do my cardio after my workout. That's catabolic. It's like, no, it's all big picture. You're not doing it chronically. You're not doing an hour. And then how many carbs it and how many calories are you on? Like, unless your diet's really really severe, you'd be completely fine. And then a horrendous amount of post workout cardio. And I never felt like I shrunk from it. You know, what's the most cardio you've ever had to do in a prep per day. I've done like little stints where I would like a seat over sometimes say, hey, we have a rest day coming up. So let's go really low carbs and do two hours of easy cardio. Okay. Really, you know, just steps, just step it out, low carbs and steps. And, but that wouldn't be like a, hey, this month we're doing two hours of cardio. Right. You know, the most cardio I ever consistently did was with Chad Nichols, you had me doing 45 twice a day for like a little while. But it was short. It was short. And I usually didn't go over an hour unless I was kind of like the end maybe an hour. And then like an easy 20 minute walk later in the day or something. Yeah. You know, like walk the dog for 20 minutes longer than normal. You know, I feel like people are getting that more now. Like, like the walking the dog getting steps in like people. I think are more aware of the benefit of that. For just before it was like you always had to be on the treadmill to make it count. Yeah. And, and, you know, like another thing, you know, people weren't taking that like I would have clients. I remember I had this one client. She was like, why don't you have me doing cardio? And I was like, cause you're a nurse and you worked 12 hours shifts and you're a beautiful fucking day and you told me you're getting like 20,000 steps. And she was probably getting shaped too, right? So like, and she's like, oh, I just feel like I should be doing cardio with the gym and I was like, what you, like, let's just, let's just see, let's just see, you know. Yeah. So, so there's, there's all that sort of stuff. People kind of tied the things they think there's these rules they have to follow. But yeah. But he's right. People are overly scared, you know, they're, they're a little too worried. You can do anything for a short period of time. Yeah. I mean, I feel like, you know, Dusty has said before that the only, the only way he could know what his limits are is by finding them. You know, and I think that we're probably talking to people here in that situation. They just don't know, you know, and that they have that fear. But like, you can do a lot. You can push your body real far before you actually lose muscle. Yeah. And the good thing, this, this, this question comes from someone who probably doesn't need to ever get on a treadmill. Yeah. No. You know. Oh, this is just a comment. I had to put it up here because it was good. Oh, I loved that. Yeah. Smells like, trend spirit. We should, we should do a shirt for the show. Have you a good one? I mean, good one. Yeah. All right. So many questions this week. Um, always a good show guy is question for the next show. Have you ever dropped a client because they just wouldn't get their intensity up to a decent level in the gym? Yes. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I've just told people like, hey, man, like, I really love helping people. And I'd love to help you. But I just don't feel like I can really do much because, you know, you like to train a certain way. And that's cool. It's really great exercise. And, you know, it's good that you're in here and it's going to be great for you to just keep doing that. But like, you know, if you're going to pay me money, you're going to have to like do this other stuff to get in gains. Like, you know what I mean? That's sort of conversation. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, sometimes people are like, oh, yeah, I guess you're right, you know, but I mean, it does get to the point where you just don't have the time to, you're like, fuck, in order to help this guy would literally have to go spend a bunch of time with him in the gym. And I just don't have time for that. Yeah. You know, and I don't like taking people's money. Like, I know there's trainers out there that have, you know, 200 clients and 100 of them are terrible at check-ins. And the money just keeps rolling in. Right. I mean, hey, I applaud their system. But, but I, I just, yeah, I just can't, I don't like doing that. You know, there's a couple people that I've like said, hey, you know, like if your check-ins don't get like more regular, like, I'm going to really start feeling bad about taking it. Yeah. You know, so it's hard to keep track of what's going on, too. Like if you don't check in for a few weeks and then you check in and kind of like, the analogy I always use is like if we were riding in the car and I took a nap and we're at a city that I don't know where we're at. And then all of a sudden I wake up and you're like, hey, here, take the wheel. I don't know what direction to go because I haven't been following the long, you know? Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly right. It's exactly right. I know that way, too. Yeah. What about you? Have you like, what's the last time you told a client like, hey, man, I just can't help you anymore. I've had it a few times and you know, here's a thing. So one area that I think I've changed in that respect is and it was after talking to skip Hill about this one time because, you know, sometimes people are doing the best that they can and it mean it like, and let's talk about like even like following the diet, you know, I've had people that come back and they're like, hey, so I did like 75% of what you asked you on the diet, but then I also did this in this every day. And it's kind of like, you know, are you wasting my time a little bit, you know, but maybe that's the best they're capable of in the words that skip to use was, it's not my place to tell somebody that they're not capable of something. And if I were to shut that off, shut that possibility off and cut them off and tell them they couldn't do it, then they're definitely not going to rise to that level. So like I always try to keep that in mind with people too and I do have a few people I work with that aren't that aren't nailing it, you know, but but that's my hope is like, well, you know what they're doing the best they can and if they can eventually get to that point, you know, I'm going to learn our own place, that's what I tell myself we're all in our own place, I can't expect somebody that intensity thing though in the gym is tough man because how, you know, like you said without actually being there without actually training and even though I've even done that like I had a guy locally who just he's a younger guy, great genetics had this crazy wide back like insane and he was like not even really eating right or just like he just was lucky, you know. And and if he could have trained hard like he could do so much and that's what he wanted was to be a bodybuilder and I brought him over to the house and we trained legs and we did we warmed up we did like some hamstring curls we went on the the excuse me the hacksquat and after we did like one all out set like the look on his face was terrified like he did he listened to me and he actually completed the set and he pushed himself with the look I was afraid of a guy and he was like oh shit he might leave right now like this this might be he might walk out of here. And he was like I can't like I can't believe you just made me do that like it just in it maybe it wasn't for him you know so right that's funny I have a client who's a really good friend of mine. And I remember when he first started sending me videos like 10 years ago yeah he for it sent me videos and like he had good form and he had he was doing all the right exercises you know like I could tell he's watch blood and guts. He you know like he's doing the you know good pull down good rose you know good movements but you know there was no failure in any of the sets. Yeah there were all this like eight reps eight reps eight reps and I was like man you just need to turn this up because he had a good little build you know. And I was like you got to push this and he's like you think so and I was like just yeah like you got to push this in the video started getting like. Where he hit failure and like hold tension and then you just you know I get some forced rap videos where he's getting a spot and. You know this starts to happen and here we are you know 10 years later and he's you know one a couple of shows. And he's like you know doing like six seven plates on the pendulum squat and you know like he's like a monster in the gym now you know like moving big weights squat and six plates like that sort of shit and so it's really cool to just see like. That's all I really did yeah I just said man you have to train harder and that just like a night at this like chain reaction and you know 10 years later he's you know 250 pounds off season you know. Yeah so yeah it was just just got out like you know nothing happens without those last reps and he wanted it you know that's what it sounds like like he wanted it he just needed to be told like hey you can do this you know. You just remind of me of something I want to talk about yeah. There's been a lot of shows lately right so I've got a lot of inquiries you know you know as how. When a show ends everyone in that show now scrambles to find a new coach. Yeah okay so I've gotten a lot of messages lately. And I need to remind everyone. It's not your coach's job to get you ripped. That's your job. Your coach's job to help you make good decisions and guide you and give you the framework and do everything they can. To help that process occur but you have to do the work. So when you message me and you say yeah I worked with someone so but he just didn't get me ripped and I'm like that's funny he had four other people in the show that had strided glutes. So you know and and he had a girl win the bikini and he had you know blah blah blah blah blah. So your coach can only do so much. There are times when yeah your coach was terrible. I've heard some crazy stories about some big name coaches like outright neglect. Yeah what I mean like morning of the show no response. No nothing back no menu for the day of the show no water management. I don't like no talk about anything to psyched it for got about them. I've heard stories about some of the big name coaches doing that to people. So there's some. Brevis coaching going on out there. Yeah and then there's a lot of like scam artists who have no business helping someone get ready for show for sure. But but there's a lot of really well intention coaches out there the love body building and a lot of their clients look great. And you didn't look great working with them and it doesn't mean that they're that you need a new coach maybe you need to just communicate better with that coach. Yeah maybe there's maybe there's some stuff you weren't you know on the same page about maybe you need to train harder. Maybe you need to not skip cardio and not tell him and maybe you need like there's all these factors like I don't know. Like you say that coach didn't get you ripped but like did you put everything you had into it every day the whole prep to. So I don't know I guess I don't really have anything to say about it. I just want to like bring it up like when I get emails saying oh I worked with this coach and you know I just didn't get ripped. It's possible that that coach was just fucking terrible coach and did a terrible job with you. Right I mean I've seen that. I've seen guys I've had people pull me aside and they're like hey man can you look at me and I have a look at them and I'm like how many weeks out of you and they go six. And I'm like you look 12. Yeah and they're like yeah and my coach told me not to change anything and that I look great. And I'm like okay that's just terrible coaching right. Yeah but but there's other times when people they're just they're just off a bit and you know they didn't communicate well and anyways you know what I'm trying to say people like to blame the coach. I like to throw the coach under the bus you know sometimes it's deserve it sometimes it's very deserve it. But other times it's like hey man it's just you have to work harder you have to have a better mental attitude too. Like the coach can only like I remember that I've told the story about the year Chris Hasido gave me shit. He was like I'd love to I'd love to help you again man but it can't be like last prep you were a fucking mess I don't want to work with that guy. That was pretty cool that he could point that out and see that you know he's like you did you almost turn pro. Almost turn pro and you had like a horrible mindset and you were like you know not in a good spot and you didn't believe in yourself and you almost won. When we get him on the next time we we have Chris on the show I want to ask him about like that run versus the run that we all know you know I'd be interested here his perspectives. Yeah it was like the tough I'd been through like a huge break up there right so it was like a rough year and I was just trying to like you know distract from everything but just get into this prep right. Right and I just didn't realize it that's how and I you know I don't remember being like negative but I guess it was coming across like just little things like you know he said send in pictures and go yeah man I don't know both these. Yeah you know and and that wasn't me. Yeah right normally I'm like here's your picks buddy let's fucking go you know like. Here's a picks what do you want me to do you know like I guess my tone was just the whole tone of the whole prep was just like negative and kind of worried and. And you couldn't see it at the time you know like because you did. Yeah you know so yeah like your attitude is everything man like you know all the stuff going on in your brain with your own brain chemistry and all that shit your coach can't. Fix or correct that stuff. Yeah yeah the coach has a lot of experience hopefully ideally you know like you can say that as a coach if you've been doing it for a decade you've literally seen thousands of people. getting to shape you know at that point and that means that you know you've got experience and you can see the things that generally are going to you can see how to get the results you want but it doesn't always mean like if like you're saying if somebody's a little bit off. You know part of it might be do it again with them because they're going to learn to you know I mean I've seen that where especially like like you do one show. And you get feedback that could be yeah that could be all it takes then to make some tweaks and then do it again at that next show. And guess what if the season doesn't work out and you weren't happy with those calls then maybe it's time after that you know. I remember working with one guy and we did the first show and he was flat like surprise just flat I was like fuck I just I was just shocked and I was really pissed off that he was flat. Yeah, you know it's just really pissed off but he still got like second they think so he qualified for the next show which was like a couple weeks later. And then went to that show we won the overall okay at the higher level. Yeah right so he went from second in his class like three weeks later was overall winner and beat the guy that beat him because he wasn't at his best the other guy was. Yeah and then I was like you know and I remember he was upset he's like man and I'm like you're just flat man like you know and I says going to happen everybody eventually you know and came at the next show and. Fuck a nice and full and shredded and one overall that's redemption show that's nice. I remember driving home from that show. Fuck yeah I know so yeah you know you're going to run into snags and there's lots of factors man. You know part of those factors too are you know maybe he got four other people into really good shape but didn't get you in good shape part of it is like. Our own limitations is human beings and what we're capable of. I used to I feel like years ago I used to be more critical if I saw somebody on stage that wasn't absolutely peeled. I think to myself even I might not say it probably wouldn't say it to anybody but I think to myself oh I could have done a better job than that. But now I recognize like hey that might have been they might have had to do a lot to get to that point you know they might have really been scraping to make that happen. Yep, yep for sure absolutely you know. All right see those for got here. Oh yeah this one you commented on this too you responded on YouTube with this one Kevin 21 says I work out from home which I love. It's just me my music the ways however I only have free weights listening to you guys speak so fondly about particular brands of types of machines. I am I leaving gains on the table by not using machines. No there's there's there's so much you can do and everything you need need to do you you know what I mean like. I mean unless he has no leg machine access at all that's pretty difficult. Yeah, you know let's watch squats and stiff leg of deadlifts are pretty much all you got without many machines you know what I mean unless you're rigging up dumbbell leg curls are kind of funny you know weird exercises. But I mean I find machines are. How do I put this we know now that a lot of barbell exercises like especially barbell pressing aren't the best on your joints yeah the movement patterns aren't the best right. So you know we get a lot of stuff wearing tear shoulders elbows that sort of stuff from Ben Shane and stuff because how things line up dumbbells are a lot more favorable. I think you know but a lot of machines are made with really great arcs of movement now and there's like everything's lining up really well so there's like sort of that sort of stuff I think. Is great for you know what bodybuilders are doing so that it's nice to have machines obviously it's nice to have options it's nice to have variety you know remember Scott no one wants to eat the same thing every night. And listen to pizza with a knife in a fork. So yeah you just got to do what you got to do like I don't know if I had a home jam and I had some space there'd be you know dumbbells some cable pulleys a squat rack and then if he has any room it's a leg or back equipment. Yep. You know it's all I have is I have the hacksquat I mean for machines I have hacksquat leg press extension curl and then I have my pull down and I have a selector I or a chest press it converging chest press I love to squeeze one back machine in there. But really it was the leg equipment I've got a rack to and dumbbells but that it's like the leg equipment that's my and you know where it is it's like if my back is feeling off. And it's like that's the problem that's machines are nice like if you have a tweak or something. You know it's like oh I can't really do a bent over barbell row but I could do a machine you know row. I remember there was a period of time where I couldn't dumbbell press because my hip really hurt to kick up dumbbells. Yeah and it didn't even bother me on a leg day it was this weird thing where it like fucking hurt to kick up dumbbells. I could felt like there was something wrong with my hip. Yeah and so I just said fuck I just wanted to dumbbell press for a while and then I remember when I went back to them I was so weak at them. I lost like 20 pounds of dumbbell. You know yeah you know when you when you don't do dumbbell press for a while and then you just pick up heavy dumbbells. Yes. Like holy fuck like you just grab 120s and throw them up on my lap one at a time like nothing and then you don't touch them for a while and you get them off the rack and you're like. I'm getting back into dumbbell again. I'm getting stronger again and I got up to the 105s this week for like some solid reps. So I got like seven reps and they were all strong but yeah man the picking up a dumbbell is like one of the most incredible feats you can do like outside of training. You know when you've got like 120 in your hand and then you got to pick up another one and walk you know. It's a lie. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you get our man exercise. Yeah. I got a bunch more here still. I've see I'm actually the opposite of the limb dominant guy. I'm pretty torso dominant chest should dominant chest should back grow easily. But arms and legs grow slower. They still grow but definitely not at the same rate any tip. So he's got a strong back in chest. It's nothing to complain about there if you ask me. Yeah yeah yeah. I'll take that. I don't know. It's hard to prescribe what to do. I mean you need to do more. Right. Yeah. I don't remember who said it the other day they're like you just need to do more. Like whether it be more intensity, more weight, more hard sets, more you know need more. You technically more volume but that can come in the in like an effort way too like you know volume isn't just numbers of sets. It's also like how much is in those sets you know sure are you taking all those sets to failure or you leave in two reps on the table every single time you train you know because if you look at you think about volume like let's say you 100 pounds for 10 reps right that's a thousand pounds of volume technically right. If you leave two reps off the table it's only 800 pounds of volume. Yeah. If you do 10 sets that's 2,000 pounds of volume that you're not doing. So just by pushing out an extra rep like that effort rep on every set you can add like a thousand pounds of volume to your workout without adding any sets you know and that's just let's say you had someone that wasn't quite training to failure and they can maybe get one more rep on every set right so you can think about in terms of like how can I get more volume it's not just more sets. But think of the other things the other things that you know sometimes you got to sometimes I think of the math equation just just to give me like perspective. How about this I got a completely different take. I wonder how much body fat he has because when you're when you're heavier your arms are always going to look smaller but get down to like you know 6% and then your arms look dramatically bigger you know what I mean. Yeah, so I mean who knows how much he's got on his torso and usually hold more of their body fat on their torso around their abdomen and back and stuff. So you know I mean I've seen it where guys their arms and legs are like okay and then you diet them down. And you're like oh, as long as the legs actually pretty fucking good now. Yeah, it's like 10 inches smaller right right you know proportions right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I wonder I wonder about that one. Alright got like five more here. We're killing it. I know man we're just ripping through these things. Um, hey Scott is it possible for someone to go the whole prep without using trend or is trend mandatory and substitutes for trend. What do you think he's asking you Scott? I'm going to say you don't need trend. You definitely you don't need trend that you can get absolutely peeled in fact. You can win a pro card without using trend. I mean say that much with absolute certainty. And fact literally and I will also say that you can place top three at a pro show without being on trend. I know that for a fact check this guy out. This guy this guy did not use trend. Yeah, you know like that was like 300 masks 400 times. 400 test that was it. Yep. Classic guy. I've I've helped a lot of classic guys. I'm barely any gear. Yeah. So I helped a classic guy that was like on 250 tests and 400 masks drawn that was his whole stack. You know fucking crazy. What about what about a guy? Because men I think people are probably going to say what would about if I'm like you know 260. What do you mean like like do you have to you know okay well be small you know. Yeah no you don't have to use trend that I did lots of shows before trend came around. I won I won the show I won an overall at a tough show. I was 244 ripped with no trend. Huh. You know I was just on test that was my poverty prep. Oh yeah. Yeah yeah. I'm test 500 to 750 at the end test a week. Yeah. They can know that yeah. No the next tab. That was it. And no trend and you know it's people trend is is very effective drug. But it's it's been given way too much credit. Yeah. Yeah. It fucking works but you can't just can't just fix everything with trend man. I agree. You know. You go to use one for your run because you mentioned you're going to North Americans. So we have to understand that not everybody who watches the show is like you know hardcore competitive bodybuilding fan. Ron. What's the NPC North Americans? Well it's actually the IFB North Americans I think. It's not is it? Yeah. I mean it's it's it's you know the same like yeah but I think it's technically got the IFB be on the poster and not the NPC because it's international show. Really? Okay. I didn't know. Yeah. It's like the international shows are IFB be in the American shows are NPC. Okay. But the North Americans is Canada and Mexico as well. So it's technically an international show. But it's in Pittsburgh every year Gary Udett operates it. Great promoter. Great show. Huge show. It's ballooned up. It starts Wednesday now. Yeah. And runs all the way to Saturday or I can't even fucking huge. But it's an awesome show. Great athletes. You see people from you know several different countries wandering around there and it's it's. Yeah. It's great. It's always like one of those all inclusive shows where everything happens in the same hotel. I like that hotel too. I just like. Yeah. It's a great show. So I'm actually not going to the North Americans now. Oh, no kidding. That's so. Yeah. So my client was going to hop into the North Americans. Yeah. And because he was getting in really great shape and he's like fuck you know that's hop in North Americans. But when he went to register. He found out that technically he's not qualified for that show because the overall that he was. Overall that he won. Was like you know, ex while ago and they changed the calendar year because it used to be like a full calendar year and now it's I don't know some technicality. Dang. So the only pro qualifier he can do this year is the Canadian nationals in October. Okay. Which is nine. It was his under nine weeks away. So instead of being four weeks out he's now nine weeks out just more time to get better. Yeah. It's only five more weeks. Yeah. And I know that sounds like a lot but when you're dieting hard and you're four weeks out all of a sudden having an extra five weeks is like, oh, I got fucking tons of time. Yeah. So yeah. So we're actually looking at Toronto now. Oh, okay. October. Yeah. So the Canadian nationals. That's in Toronto you're saying. Yeah. They used to move that show around all the time. But now with the new system they just have nationals in Toronto every year. It's it's easy for everyone. Gotcha. It's right by the airport. They have it in like an airport hotel. So the whole thing just occurs right there. It's just so simple. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, got one for me. Who started the Think Big Channel and how did you all get hooked up with each other? I don't remember. You tell the story Scott. I don't even remember. It's all been a blur. We did a podcast blur this. It was called Advice's Radio. It was this is back in the day before they had video podcasts. They used to have this thing. It was called. It was just audio. They had them on your on your iPhone or your, you know, whatever. But yeah. So that started in like 2016 and I did a show before that. But Advice's radio was, you know, you know what it was Ron is that I was a coach. And I listened like a local coach. I just helped a lot of guys that were all competitors here. And a lot of, I got a lot of men's physique guys at the time. They get the time men's early on in men's physique. They didn't know how to die it. They were like, they thought they had to do something special or different. We don't want to, something to be different than body builders. And I was like, you know, fuck that. We're going to die to you just like we died of bodybuilder. They'd come in and peeled and they had just smoked. So it was a good thing. And I did well with it. But I listened to a lot of podcasts, including like listening to a podcast. Including like listening to you on all-ball radio. And and you know what I learned a lot. And and I thought to myself, you know what I, and I started doing a podcast with my friend, V.J. bodybuilding nerds radio. Thank you. And we reviewed other podcasts. And we had my favorite part. It was just like it was a fun show, you know. And we actually ran that all the way up until last year. V.J. was done. He had enough. But I couldn't do interviews. I wanted to do interviews and talk to people and educate myself and kind of put out the type of education that I enjoyed. So I started a devices radio and you know, over time it evolved in grew. And then I wanted to go to YouTube. But the term advice is radio. Some of you guys probably don't even know what the word advice is means. Like Ron does. You know, but it wasn't like as catchy. We needed something that was going to be like it was going to stick. When you saw it, you knew exactly what we're talking about. Think big bodybuilding media, you know. So so I changed the name, which it was a big. It was a scary thing to do because we had a big following. And it advices on the audio channel. And it was very humbling to then. I do what I did in interview with Brandon Curry. Like it was like a week out from the Olympia where he was poised to win after he won the Arnold. And I posted that went to the Olympia. And that show got like 200 views. It's where to go. Literally 200 views on YouTube. So it was a process of rebuilding and now you know, now we're doing all right. I'm happy with 18k. Like, you know, we don't have like a huge channel. But I think the people we have are people that really look like these are the people that really love bodybuilding. You know, they're all the funny thing is is our numbers don't map on to my reality. What do you mean? Everywhere I go people mention the show. That's so cool, man. So I feel like we have millions of viewers. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't the grocery store the other day. Okay. And this guy goes, hey, you're Ron, right? And I go, yeah. And I thought he was going to mention the fucking gym. Yeah, of course. And in the neighborhood. Great. And he goes, oh, listen to your podcast. Hell yeah. That's cool. And I was like, oh, really? And he goes, yeah, I have to come and check out your gym. He goes, you know, I actually trained at this still fitness center over here. I'm going to come check you out. So like this funny stuff like that, you know. And do you remember I told the story about the listener that was walking across the parking lot? If you may listen. Yeah, if you may listen to her and she goes, I'll listen to you right now. I was at the van pro and she was volunteering backstage. Oh, no kidding. She comes up. She's like, hey, I'm the girlfriend. It was on the headset and the home duple parking lot. You know, it's like when we're at the mutant booth. Yeah. And then ice come up and they're like, listen to the show. You know, like it's just cool that that we see that all the time, you know. Yeah. And I wish I could get into the Arnold to hang out with you guys and see that for my signal next Arnold. I will be there. There's no question. I know. It was a lot of fun, man. The Arnold was good. All right. We got like a couple more here. Let's power through these. Oh, and I liked this one from a coaching perspective. He says, um, do do modern phones like the iPhone. Make it difficult to assess a physique in terms of check-ins since they automatically alter the image to make them look better. Details tend to be lost, washed, smooth out. Have you seen that? They have like, like the phone has a filter on it basically now. I didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. Every time you take a picture, I think you can undo it. Like there's a button that you can use to not filter it. There's like a filter that just smooth everything out. Make you look pretty here. Every time you take a picture, and that's going to translate too to when somebody shoots a picture for check-ins. I, um, yeah. I mean, you just do what you can. I mean, I'd rather the pictures aren't perfect. Yeah. Rather, I'd rather you get someone looking great in okay lighting. Yeah. You know, like I want the lighting to be good enough that I know what we're doing. Yeah. But I don't want. I don't want the lighting to like make you look crazy better than you do. You know, like that's the worst. It can come all the kitchen pictures, you know. Right. You know, the famous ones where everyone's like, oh my god, he's going to win the Arnold. And then he's like, show up and, you know, and he, you know, we look good, but it was just wasn't like the kitchen, you know. Yeah. And, um, or those pictures, you know, you, like certain people take pictures like outside on their deck. And they just look fucking crazy. Yeah. You know, it's just, I'm not sure if I want the greatest pictures all the time. I just want to, you know, I want good pictures. I don't know. It's like Jack White. I want my guitar to be a struggle to play. You know, I go, I think that's why he's keeping guitars. Yeah, he plays cheap guitars and fixes up broken guitars and he likes things to be less than perfect. No kidding. I didn't know that. Yeah. But that makes sense. That's very Detroit. That's a way we're all here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You want us to feel that car when he's driving it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Before power steering, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No power steering for Jack White on the guitar. All right. I think is that all of them I might have. Uh, yeah. I think that's, I think that's it. I do want to say too, though. Um, there were so many questions. If we ever miss your questions, guys, it's not intentional. We're not like, hey, Ron. Let's not take this guy's question. Yeah. Yeah. There's no planning or discussion. Yeah. It's me trying to just randomly grab everything together about 30 seconds before we start the show. And, uh, and then we, we try to answer them all. But sometimes we get, you know, lost in conversation too. So that happens. I just want to throw that out there. That if we don't take your question and you want us to, to take it, then post it on the Knack show too when that comes out. We'll get to it. We will. We will try to get to it. Yeah. We can't promise. But we will try again. I can promise. After feeling first time. Yeah. Okay. Thanks everybody. Uh, we appreciate it. Remember that that mutant supports the show. And, uh, sponsors. It's just bodybuilding. And they do it purposely in a very non-invasive way. They don't make us do a bunch of stuff. They just want to support the show. And, and, uh, obviously, Dusty and I have a great relationship. And now Scott has a relationship with him too. Absolutely. And they're, they're helping the show out. And they just want us to, to do our thing. And they love what we're doing. So, so remember, you know, I am mutant.com. Anyone in North America can go on the I am mutant.com website and direct order their stuff. You can use a code Ron big Ron 20 big Ron 20 or Dusty 20. If you didn't have to mention the Dusty code he's not here. I just, I know. I know. I just, you know how we do things. We do certain things for him. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Assuming he's back. You know. Let's give me a key comes back. Yeah. I mean, who knows? Like, if he doesn't come back, I'll see how much money is in his code account. And if I get it transferred over to us. Yeah. Get that worked out. See if we can do it off. See if he happens. If Dusty's dead, who gets his, uh, code rewards? I think they should just transfer over to us. Yeah. It makes sense. Total sense. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. comment and ring the bell, ring the bell and comment with questions for the next episode. Comment with questions for the next episode. Yes, it was great. And it looks like I'm doing a big story box this week. Like I'll be on my Instagram answering stories for the next two days. So that's fine. I don't mind. Alright, good. I'm glad that it worked out. You correct the code. Yeah, yeah, you just gotta tell people, make them dumb. Make them create silly questions. We'll get answered first. Okay, remember everybody. It's just body building.