and Nick May have been training doing more and feeling wrecked, then was optimal for him at some point in time. He's still making progress, but he was just wasn't making optimal progress. His progress could have been better, or at least now for sure, his progress would be mill or be minimal or less than it currently is, as he's apparently seeing. And he's optimizing because he trained so hard anyway by having more reps to reserve, getting a more volume. And he still creates, you know, obviously Nick's got pretty good genetics, I think, for bodybuilding. His muscle, personal muscle genetic code is such that resistance exercise creates hypertrophy. Like it just, he puts that in, it's like gas to a fire, right? Yeah, yeah. So it's going to happen. And then someone else, maybe who's less genetically gifted in that sense, they may need to cultivate the signal with more with more sets taken to failure. And or you get signal whatsoever. But then that means that they can't do as many sets because you can't recover from as many sets when you train failure all the time. Let's not guys, welcome back to Muscle Minds. We've got Stevenson. I'm Scott McNally in all of our programming. Well, it's brought to you by TrundleTrition.com. Use our code, think over there for additional savings. I just got another bag of the cookie butter, weigh isolate, the cold filter weigh isolate. I love that for a conflaver. Use code, think over there for all your basic bodybuilding supplements. Get some additional savings, 10% off plus help to support our programming. We're brought to you by Scott's book, byeobcote.com. And that's b-your own bodybuilding coach. You can get the hardcover linked in the description in Scott, will sign it for you or you can get the ebook at the website. Well, that both of those options down below. Of course, we have timestamps down below, check that out. And if you are new to our content, then definitely, we'd love to have you along for everything we have several shows that come out each week. So like, share, subscribe, comment, and as Dusty would say, definitely ring the bell. And let's put not least supplement source.ca for Canadians and Patreon. Thank you guys for all your support over there. We try to tackle all your Patreon questions. Scott, we started out with no plans for the show as of yesterday. And now we have so many plans for the show that we are not going to be able to do it all. And one of the so many plans. No way, not even class. We've got a lot of stuff here with problems. I'm excited for this. So years back, I remember it was literally like several years. Maybe five years ago, we did an episode about squeezing the muscle. This past week, we did a reaction to a Nick Walker training video. And he talked about how he's found this additional benefit and squeezing the muscle. I know you've got the clip there. Let's let the people hear that. And I know you've got a lot to say on this topic. OK, here we go. I love the scots in charge of the tech stuff today. All right, should I make that any larger? Isn't good enough? That's fine. Yeah, that's good. Oh, yeah, I've grown the best. I've stayed around her. And I think anyone can say whatever they want, they create detail. Yeah. That's where I think I need to go back a little bit. Yeah, just a little bit, maybe. Yeah, it does a lot. You have to. Legs is always high-rock. Yeah, it's good. Any leg exercise, no less than that. OK. I stay around 12, 15. 12, 15, 3, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20. No matter what, no matter what it is. I just feel like I've grown the best. I've stayed around her. And I think anyone can say whatever they want, they create detail. Yeah. That's where you're going to hold science, bullshit. Science says, pleasing the muscle. Does it bring out detail? I call bullshit. It's working. It's hard to size. Right. Well, early, I've four or five weeks out. I think I said it. Well, I didn't let that go for just a second. Oh, because there's a little bit more. A little bit more. OK, here we go. It was six. Maybe. Is he want to go back to Jersey? I stopped worrying so much about how much weight I was doing. And I would just keep the negative, but I was just clucking squeeze. Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. And that's why I like my back to show detail to the poor. And then you see Derek, who's in shape? He's condition. Not as much detail as mine. I think that's there. And I think that's there. Yeah. It was so good. It was just putting the muscle. Right. Those guys are always, they did a photo shoot with Samson. Yeah. Like two years ago, like in the week, the few days after the Olympia and they had, they were kind of having at it. There was an exchange there that people could probably look up. And they were just kind of having at one another. So I think we can go back here. All right. Yeah. Hell yeah. And so yeah, I thought back because we did an episode, man. And like I said, I think it was like five years ago now. We talked about this. And I know that you had a study talking about some people that were squeezing the muscle versus training with traditional reps. And they weren't even using any weight. They were literally just like squeezing the muscle. I would love to hear you go back into this and see what else you have to say. Yeah. It's the no-load study. Counts at Al from like five or six years old now. Maybe 2018, I could look it up. But people can find that they want obviously. I rarely get these increased, but if you want, I'll send to the references. Let me know. And they basically compared traditional resistance string. This is just for the elbow flexors with just doing a contraction. I think it was a maximal contraction where they just move the extended and flexed at the elbow against no load. And they got strength gains in the traditional group and literally nothing. And the squeeze group will call the no-load training. But the muscle growth was equivalent in those two conditions. So they got no strength gains in the squeeze group. But muscle was just as big as the guys who did get strength gains and did traditional rise. They got the same hypertrophic effect. So, or muscle increase effect. We don't know what I might don't imagine there's any hyperplasia involved. But I avoid that which are muscle hypertrophy sometimes. So it's just kind of what you'd expect. They did not train against the load. They weren't imagining. There's actual studies where people just do visualization training against the load and you can get strength gains that way. But in this case, they were doing something non-specific to training against the load where you would expect some strength gains and then get the strength gains. So that's not a big deal. The interesting thing there, and I mentioned this study last week on a podcast, it comes up. Maybe it was a couple weeks ago on different podcasts, is if you can produce at least this gives us some evidence that just contracting a muscle as lengthening and shortening against zero load. So if you have a scenario, let's say where you just have picked out the completely wrong exercise for training a given portion of a muscle. Let's say it's the back. You mentioned back. So it's the lower lats. But you have a really good mind muscle connection with your lower lats. You've done a lot of posing. You can sit there. The list of this is, I consider and contract my lower lats. I can just make the muscle move because yours the part you're doing it. Yeah, that can be taught. So in the mind muscle connection is something that's been investigated. There's actually a study from Brad Schoenhill, where we had an internal locus of focus or internal focus. Yeah. External moving the load and with the internal focus, I actually had better muscle growth. I think just in the upper body was one of the two muscles they studied. Another wife was equivalent. So it's just focusing internally in this case, just contracting a part of a muscle, even though biomechanically it might not be getting an optimal external load against which it would be contracting. Can create a hypertrophic stimulus as the study shows? So there is something to say for a mind muscle connection. There's something to say for squeezing the muscle because it's being activated, even if it's a really light load. And the thing he talked about light load training with his legs, all this all kind of fits together. And this is the thing is these ideas are actually, there's not just bro bullshit. I mean, I don't think Nick was thinking of these studies when he made that he's thinking of his personal experience, right? Right. And that of many other people. There's an old video from one of the battle for the Olympias with me, though, stars out of him. And he had totally switched it up. He's like, I think he's maybe in his peak week, or he's very close to being on stage. And he's just always talking about it. It's just squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, and he's training super light, and squeezing, and squeezing, and squeezing. And he it was turned on to this idea. So this has actually been, this sort of thing has been tested in the literature. And I'll pull up a screen capture here to show this. Where they've trained their subjects with lighter loads and made sure to keep tension on the muscle continuously, right? As opposed to heavier training, where people might have a pause or you get to the full end of the range of motion. Let's see, get the last 10, 15 degrees of knee extension on a squat. You're not really getting any quad activation, right? If you even think that the squats are good for your quads, I tend to think that they can't have some effect, especially if you go deep. But in this particular series, and I'll show the authorist here in just second, they've actually shown that training lighter with intentionally maintaining continuous tension, by not locking out. And you see some people who have really strong benches, bodybuilders, train avoid a lockout on their pecs all the time. And you see them, you're just associating empirically and it totally guides who do that, who also have good pecs, maybe they're training more in the stretch position, what have you, but they're maintaining tension. They call this training without relaxation in between. Because that's essentially what you can get, especially, especially if you have to have some fibers that are being turned off, some motor units bring turned off, to match the loading curve of the exercise. So if you get to the end of an exercise where it's lighter and it's easier, if you just maintain the activity of all those motor units that were active earlier on when it was necessary to move the weight, you would just blast into almost a hyper extension. You would be uncontrollable, you just like fly into a lockout at your knee, which not be a good thing. So there's although the whole muscle might not be completely relaxing, although you can do that. You can lock your knees out on a squat, not a good idea to do that for prolonged periods. But there's some relaxation of the fibers. And when they created conditions where that doesn't happen, where there's continuous tension or flexing, so to speak, it's not exactly the same thing, but there's a related type of idea. You see an interesting thing, it's lighter load training without the relaxation, and you get fiber-type specific hypertrophy and the limited studies they've done. And I'll show this here just briefly to sec. So nitraba is the first name on many of these, oops, these studies. Let's see if it shows it here. You can see this. Mm-hmm. Bottom. Let me go to the first page. So nitraba has been the first name on some of these pop-off and then vino-grado gradova. This is a nice kind of review with a study built-in. And I'll just go to the results here, because it's fairly complicated. Really went all in on this. But what we have here are is regular, leg extension type of training, L groups. Ne extension, or these were on an isocunetic device that they set up in isotonic mode. So you can set up an isocunetic lab or rehab device to behave as if it were a free weight. And then here they did the isocunetic, or sorry, the regular leg extension, the real free weight with a little bit of a more moderate load here, a little bit higher actually in both cases. So we have C for control, regular training, and E means there was no relaxation. So they were continually contracting without resting in, that was so they shortened the range of motion to some degree. And the workloads were different. We can slide across this table here. The one-rette maxes were greater in the heavier training, at least in this particular group. And then what you see here, and this is the interesting part, this is the area of the type 1 muscle fibers, muscle fiber type 1, MFI, and type 2 muscle fibers. And we see here with the control regular training, 80% of one-rette maxes is regular 8 to 12-rette max training. They got what you oftentimes see, in this case 23.4 versus 9.4% increase is in type 2 versus type 1 muscle fibers. So there's more growth in the type 2s, which you typically see. When they drop the load down, so this is what made me think of this, when you sent the clip that Nick was talking about, those last six weeks, he stopped worrying about his loads. He's squeezing, he's maintaining tension. He's not just neglecting the eccentric, he also noted that, which is important, I think. He's probably was using lighter loads. He went back to Jersey, New Gym, but using lighter loads. I don't think he's going to lose, and those six weeks are going to lose any type 1 fiber, I'm sorry, type 2 fiber, but when you strain that way, we see an interesting pattern here. So this is the type 1 fiber increases versus type 2 fiber. You get, when you train in this way with a lighter loads, at least in these experimental design, you get greater relative increases than type 1 fibers, versus the type 2. Now this is 8.2, pills compare us to 23. This is what you get. 23 is, in this case, which you get from traditional without trying to avoid the relaxation. So you definitely would take 23 over 8.2 for sure. But maintaining the tension produced better type 1 fiber growth. So this speaks to the potential for various things. Train, perhaps heavier, and try to keep that mind muscle connection going at the same time, where you're contracting, which you can do. You'd have to have co-contractions to balance out the torques about the joint, but you can maintain and squeeze the muscle throughout the course of range of motion. Even when you're training heavier, it's much easier to do a course to control the weight and those sorts of things when it's lighter. And plus when you're training heavier, you're going to activate those fibers anyway you're going to need to. But what this suggests is that maintaining, this is somewhat of a stretch out from a purely scientific perspective, somewhat of a stretch, but maintaining muscle tension, this is going to create, this can create metabolic stress, which will affect then the fiber type recruitment patterns that you have, it has a multitude of effects. Metabolic stress does play a role in the way in which the motor units and the fibers become activated. But you can evoke a type one specific increase in fiber size, training with this no relaxation type of strategy in place. So this was the leg extension, you see the same pattern here. So like with when they are on the connect, I connect the vice, traditional regular, not worrying about that. Type two fibers grew better 19.4 versus 6.5. But when we didn't allow the muscle to relax and we maintained tension throughout, it's 17.7 versus 6.5 for the type ones. The type two didn't grow very well. So we get a reversal of the relative changes in type one versus type two fibers. So that squeezing thing is going to be something that is going to potentially preferentially activate and hypertrophy the type one fibers. This is one of the reasons, this kind of evidence, one of the reasons why Brad shown failed to initially hypothesize that metabolic stress is important for muscle growth. Because this is a more metabolically stressful scenario here. Actually, if you look at it, the workload is about half in each of these. If you look at how much they are doing. So they're not actually moving as doing as much if you it would be interesting to see what would happen if they equated this. And that's kind of what they did here, but they also changed the loads. But this suggests that metabolic stressful activity could potentially be, it's definitely changed as the motor unit activation strategies. That's just, that's part of hennaman size. That's part of muscle wisdom. There's type three and type four afference in the muscle that sense this metabolic stress feedback to the spinal cord and then alter the recruitment according to hennaman size principle. So that you can keep doing things, right? If you create the T with metabolic stress, there has to be some adapt adaptation in order to keep doing the reps. If not you would just come to a grinding halt and you'd just be staring at your muscles saying, what are you doing? It's not what I want. Yeah. So you can get this reversal. Interestingly enough, here they still found it when they increased to 65% of a 1-ret max. So more moderate load versus 85 really heavy, they still saw the same thing. So the really heavy stuff definitely went at 33 percent increase in type two fiber cross sectional area. Not much in the type one with the really heavy stuff, but the lighter stuff got after the type ones much more so than type two. So there's a pattern over all three of these different conditions, whether you're really with three weights, you're on an isocunnic machine or whether you're training a little bit heavier in both cases. You see the heavy training focuses on type two, fiber growth, the lighter stuff goes to type one. Now someone else might have known that this played a role when he decided that Widowmakers would make sense for people to do. Yeah. It'll don't say that high-ref stuff does work in some cases. Yeah. There is a study from Carniera with postmenopalza woman. It's sort of the one study we have that's looked at this, comparing they did a crossover study, high-lowed versus low-load, 12 weeks under each condition and they had of course some people responded better, really well at a high-lowed, some people responded a little bit low-load and then some who didn't. When they crossed over so they spent 12 weeks at either high-lowed training or low-load training, like big training. I think they took a week or two sort of break, wash-out period, maybe in between some measures happen sometimes when these weren't students in this case, but sometimes the researchers need to lead to and a shut-down at the school. They switched over then the high-lowed went to low-load and a low-load with the high-load. Those people who were non-responders or minimal responders to either of those conditions had better responses. Second half of the study when they changed from high-lowed to low-load or low-load to high-load, which suggests then that you would expect to like we talked about a couple of podcasts back. This logged in and it returned with suggests that in that second 12-week period you wouldn't see the same gains. They would be less in general because you'd be a newbie gains. You might expect that. The fact that gains took off for those who didn't fare so well initially, whereas those who did do well did see a law of dimensioning returns. Their data suggests that some people do better with light loads and some people do better with with heavier loads. That could be because they have relatively more type one fibers. So if you train with lighter loads and that tends to get the type one fibers and that's light versus heavy is a little bit of a different situation. There's a study from Morton from 2016. They saw no difference in the relative hyper-achute of those two. These studies are using a different approach. They're maintaining tension during the set, which is exactly what I have people do during pump sets of four to two training through what it's worth. This was something that was part of that thinking when I came up with those because your main tank, there's no relaxation, you don't do them like, Widowmakers are bad ass. Trust me, those can be game-changes for people. This approach with lighter weights, maintaining tension, is something that may be better for certain people, especially if they just have a lot of type one fibers. So one more thing I'll connect the dots on here to this is just all the thoughts that flow around. I'm pulling from the thought cloud in my head here. Okay. Please down. So Nick talked about higher reps for legs too. So he did. Yeah, so it's interesting. He touched on a ton of shit. They're all in that, which is a little clip. It's a jump. Let me take this down here so I can see you. Okay. Yeah. We don't need any more. So for instance, from the aging literature, you see that there's a preferential loss of type two fibers and in general atrophy in the lower limbs compared to the upper limbs. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Older guys. That's a straight. That's a straight. Yeah. I mean, see that in the body building world too. Yeah, I'm just talking about the average person, but yeah, definitely. And that could be a lot of things, but that does tend to happen. I think knee pain can be part of like people just don't train us out. You're not doing 500 pounds squats when you're 62 years old, most of you. But it seems like the that that hints at different use patterns during the day and the possibility that and what happens also as older folks are getting older is their mobility goes down. So the change in what's happening to their their legs, what they are legs are seeing on a day to day basis is greater in the lower body or the sources of the upper body. Most people aren't moving around doing things, maybe they're typing, but they're not, they're not doing push-ups, they're not doing highly strenuous things. They've got a very different loading history in the upper body versus the lower body. So the lower body when you stop using it and you stop doing that high rep continuous static as opposed to phasic. So phasic activity as it comes in phases. You know, every once in a while you got to pick up something heavy and move it with your arms, right, or push someone away from you or pull on something that's heavy, what have you, but with your legs, it's more of a tonic type of activity. Those aren't tone muscles or not posture muscles, but they're staying active, you're walking, you're moving around. We're basically as bipeds that were sort of ambulatory with the idea that we're hunters and gathers and we be walking around. So there's various pieces of kind of kind of point to the idea that a higher lower load type of stimulus could be a good way to preserve lower body muscle mass. And you can do this. The blood flow restriction studies are amazing. They just do blood flow restriction to have older people walk on a treadmill and they get muscle growth. Just from blood flow restriction added to the treadmill walking. So the fact that Nick says that his legs stay full and he has a good response from training with higher reps with legs, which bodybuilders have been saying for decades now. Right. Isn't surprising to me when you look at what the research suggests in terms of those muscles losing size when they don't receive higher up activity of walking around as opposed to the body. Doesn't lose size because it's not seeing much of a change and it's normally very phasic intermittent type of activity. So it's very possible not for everyone depends on your fiber type percentages. That higher rep stuff is going to be a better option for the lower body. People have seen this for years with calves many times and bodybuilders have typically said this with legs as well. And Nick is reminding us that that is the case for him too. So yeah it doesn't surprise me that you know he's probably doing some cardio but people get a little bit lazy sometimes during their prep too. They don't move around and they're not as active. So higher reps is based on which a saw is going to be maybe a better way to target those type ones and keep them from dropping in size. If they don't receive the daily activity they normally would because you're spending more time napping and conserving your energy. Yeah you're on a diet. Get a question for you. Can you please explain the just difference in real world between type one and two? Okay so I got a really old video on YouTube that we could maybe link or something. I'll send it to you. Okay. Now by my pool and I was using the dry erase board. I'll just look at how I've ever seen some of those. Yeah yeah so there's different ways this is a kind of a for you're asking a muscle biologist to tell you about fiber tests so good. I get the hot spot in here. All right. It comes to geek. So there's different ways of typing muscle fibers, of figuring out what type they are. We tend to see is and this is really sort of an over generalization to compartmentalize muscles, muscle fibers and say they're either this or that because they're not necessarily. Initially you'll hear people talk about red fibers and white fibers. Right. Yeah. That's a really, really antiquated term that you won't even hear mentioned in textbooks and the less they explain that that comes from research in rodents. Rabbits are like this. Birch us are birds are like this and rats are like birds are like this in particular. So why you have white me can white me, white me can dark me in birds. So the dark me is the stuff is that they would use a lot has lots of fat in it. It's dark because it has more a myoglobin. So you have some fibers that are more endurance oriented. Those would be the red ones in rodents or birds and then you have some fibers that are not so endurance oriented. Those are white. They don't have the capitalization. They don't have the myoglobin. That's an old antiquated term. People still use red and white. I just ordered the other other day on a video. But what now what has been done for 40 years or more is they look at initially looked at the type of myusin ATPase which tells you how which is associated with how fast the muscle fibers contract. So all of this is basically it's not exactly this but it's basically to match how muscles get used under varying circumstances depending on what where they are in the body. So when you let's just go to we'll go right into the resistance exercise. When you pick up a very light load let's say you're just picking up the pink dumbbells to hand them over to somebody to give him shit. We start curling them right? Easy. The head of my size principle will tell you that they're the low threshold motor units will be activated first. Those are associated with fibers that would be called type one. When you look at those you can see if you just did a bunch of reps like that and you then took the whole muscle out or biopsied the muscle you'd say okay we only see glycogen that's gone in the type ones. Only the type ones got activated. If you isolated the nerve with that light easy stuff you'd see only those neurons that go to what are the type one fibers the low threshold motor unit fibers are activated. So type ones are your endurance oriented sort of first gear light load easy effort types of stuff and then as things progress in terms of effort or the weight gets heavier you have to call on fibers that have a different kind of bias and type two just breaking it down in the two different scenarios. There's another classification system where they have seven fiber types. Oh wow. Most of the time yeah most of the time people will just go with three type one and type two and then there's two sub types type two A and type two X. Okay. Ooh that was it last podcast. I showed some data from steron at all from 1990 and they talked about type two A and type two B. That's the old way of naming these fibers and humans. They found something out that humans and rats don't share the same myosin. So myosin is is one part of the actin and myosin in sarcomeres that allows the sarcomeres to shorten contract produced for. So you got fibers that would be type one. They have a certain bias in ATPase so they can break down ATP only at a slower rate but they don't need to do it any differently because they're endurance oriented. There's not a huge hour output demands from those fibers typically in terms of lifting heavy loads or doing anything extremely effortful. Eventually or if you just start off doing something like sprinting that's harder you're going to need to call on those type type two's. The type two A is would be first and then if it's an all out effort the type two X's would be called upon. And those are sort of your last gear that most people don't really tap into much of those are the ones that basically disappear and older folks. You don't really see those because they don't get used. You don't use it. You lose it. Are we using them as bodybuilders if we're pushing to hard failure? Here's the interesting thing. Yeah so there's some the the data somewhat equivocal on this but mostly it's it's kind of a cool story actually mostly what you find in most studies is that we saw this in the sterons study actually I mentioned I think in the podcast is those two X's they were called two B and that study. When you start using them that's registered in the cell nucleus that's registered because there's metabolic stress there and then they will start producing different mice and that's more efficient because they're seeing a repeated stimulus and it makes more sense to have the type two A mice and as opposed to type two X mice and so if you I'll tell the story I've here by told it before here but when I was in grad school I did a bunch of mice a system with mice a biopsies I did a whole bunch of on myself and we analyzed the fibers right if you activate a type two X fiber enough and train it it becomes a type two A. What you see in most training studies is the two X percentage of two X goes down. Okay so look how much the two X is grew it's like yeah but there was it was like 0.7% of the total fiber area it become the they vanish so I had we had this biopsie from my muscle this was in like probably 98 or something like that and there were hundreds and hundreds of fibers there and I had one type two X fiber. I didn't get that fiber I'm fined I've been holding back I just had so there probably was just a few of them scattered that hadn't yet converted right okay so yeah we you do activate type two X is when you start off maybe from a layoff but eventually if you use them enough in most studies they go away okay there are some studies there's like a Italian group that that showed more of those than you would expect from many of the studies so I have the sense that people are training high volume once a week roast split types of things pros split jacobler style training like a lot of body builders do it works for a lot of people they probably are gonna have very very few of those type two X's okay the type two A's are a little more endurance oriented they're a little more economical at the contraction speeds you see during resistance exercise now if you're training heavier there's actually a few studies you can show an increase in type two X's if you train it really high velocities or really high efforts you can do with elective stimulation there there's some possibility even the type ones will become type two's train with power training in in mind so someone only surprised if a power lifter who maybe started off with an endurance exercise background or which they maybe weren't very good at what have you and they just went to just power lifting heavy heavy stuff in frequent and actually their overall activity levels went down that they could have more type two X's over time okay it's funny you see like endurance athletes when they detrain their fibers will get bigger some studies really yeah it's it's not an advantage for fibers to be really large if they're exposed to endurance exercise performance because that means they have a lot this is the theory these there's have a larger diffusion distance so they need to get oxygen in and then to get those metabolic stress by products out okay you'd have lots of capillary to get the blood through there they need a good blood flow they need to get gashus exchange and metabolite exchange and having a giant gyanormous fiber is not helping that regard so but when they stop so the adaptation then would be to shrink the fibers right and sometimes you see you see there's there's really kind of cool there's studies that should all sorts of different variants and how the muscle can adapt the plasticity's tremendous but when you when you detrain endurance athletes their fibers will send us to get bigger and their vertical jump will go double they don't like they have like an eight inch vertical leap and they'll go like 16 inches so detraining for them shifts them towards more type two and or larger fibers so an untrained muscle has lots of potentially lots of two X depending on your genetics and then when you train it most of the time the two X has become two okay can I circle all the way back around at the beginning then so the first thing we're talking about squeezing the muscle versus training with you know 10 to 12 reps to failure both produced results did they produce results in different fibers yeah I can pull that up again not and now you got better background pull it back up and we can look at it okay that's right here so yeah this is the cool part so so just look here at these two lines right oh c is control and this is lay extensions and and e is no relaxation okay so they they they they train 50% of a one-ret max really light and the continuous tension as opposed to you just train 80% one-ret max and you train heavy and they didn't worry about trying to try to do a squeeze or anything like this is as close to doing the squeeze as I know of in the research literature because they're maintaining tension throughout right okay and they set up the repetitions and the tempo and the range of motion so that they never they didn't ever they use the weater continuous tension principle I'm sure there's a weater continuous tension right you mean everything you could like that's a weater principle yeah and what we see here is that with with the standard basic heavy training not worrying about a squeeze 23% increase in type two fibers that's here and only nine in the type one fibers okay that was that was with the heavy weight so it's getting a lot more signs in the type two fiber okay I'm following yeah yeah and that's what you see it's not always the case but that's what you typically see in your standard resistance exercise training study where they train like this 80% of a one-ret max you typically people will say it's and you're not it's not wrong to say this but the the because generally we actually see this here mathematically at least that the type two's have a greater potential for muscle growth yeah that's that's the notion and that seems to be the case so in this case 23% the type two's nine percent the type ones with the heavy training whereas with the lighter training 18% basically 17.7 versus 8.2 so the type ones grew more yeah yeah okay good so yeah with the lighter and and this if you look at the other other conditions they had control squeeze I'm call it yeah the different machine and a little bit heavier loads you seem to see the same pattern in the control yeah two fiber increases are greater than type one but when you add the squeeze you reverse that pattern so it's a referential fiber type high hypertrophy that comes from trading in one way versus the other okay got it I've got to follow what's that yes yes can we do both can we I mean I'm absolutely not in the same set but can we do both to try to grow all the fibers of course that's what four to two training does okay yeah yeah and I and I thought John was going to make it talk that too you know he was like well I don't just want to grab up we grow all of them you know and I mean yeah absolutely I mean and that's what that's what Jordan Peters has talked about this you know get stronger and all the rep ranges yeah better and all the rep ranges so the lower the lower rep or the lower reps would tend to be the hyperweight would tend to get the type two's the lower reps the lighter weight or the higher reps the lower weight would tend to get the type once and as you pointed out as well from a different study that maybe you'll respond better to the higher reps maybe you'll respond better the lower reps but if you do them all you're going to get it all you're like you get everything you can't at least you're covering all your bases is good idea yeah so don't just do just one thing like heavyweight is great heavyweight for many reps so you can get is great but then higher reps for as many reps as you or higher weight for excuse me lighter weight for as higher reps as you can get is also great yeah and you know like another thing kind of popped up in my head is one of the things Dante has said is he calls it get funky with it okay um and for people who have weak muscle groups that don't seem to want to grow we've talked about this too this isn't going to be everyone but one potential reason for that is they don't have a good mind muscle connection right yeah they're not someone who can go and pick a sub optimal exercise let's say and contract it like in the count study and just create um a flex the muscle flex the muscle sort of squeeze the muscle even though it's not contributing to moving the load and create a hyper-trophic effect from that because they just know how to contract the muscle they can make their lap work you know just like you and your calves right yeah calves just wanted to be activated right and we can see the video you're doing side laterals and your up front is the keytoes yeah yeah so your calves are just and you when you I think maybe we talk about leg pressing you just your calves just want to be activated there's something about your biomechanics neurologically what have you your calves just get activated they're obviously not a weak muscle group on you yeah yeah um other way around some people who maybe don't have that mind muscle connection have to learn how to do it don't get growth from the standard exercises even if they're not biomechanically optimal the loading curve is off or the angles off or what have you and they can't figure out a good way to execute um where they're getting that muscle involved because of of how they're doing it they don't have a good mind muscle connection that's one Dante's strategy of getting funky with is finding an exercise where biomechanically you have no choice whatsoever but to activate the muscle um in isolation the way you're intending yeah and and that it's activated in the length and position in a way that it would otherwise be you can't like do squats where you're getting like minimum loading on your quads in the last third of the range of motion you're going to have to do an exercise like a like a scissy squat of some sort where you're leaning way back or you're going to have to do knee extensions where you got a load like biomechanics like just preweight knee extension so it's heaviest at the very end right I had the bench back like tipped up like this so load at the beginning as opposed to if if if it's just hanging like this there's no load at the beginning and get to here and you got you got maximum load okay so I had the whole bench up like this so it starts there you can put it in the bottom a little bit and then and then if you got a decent load at the top too so you're going to have to maybe you're going to have to get funky with it find exercises that basically give you no biomechanical neurological option other than to activate that muscle because you're not good at doing it yourself in the way someone with the good mind muscle who has that's I consider a kind of a form of athleticism yeah in our in the context of bodybuilding is like you know how to get the muscle activated when you're doing exercises that would use it that's why that study was a good study for them to do with the no load training is they did the level flexors the biceps break yeah etc right because look you can see it right unlike your back and you can feel it and most people that's just one that you know I can this my make a muscle people do this right so everyone can see their biceps they can touch it they can feel it it's a really easy one to create a mind muscle connection on yeah as opposed to if they tried that same study and said hey I want you contract your lower lab and go through your range of motion like this and keep it contracted I'll need to work yeah I could totally see that so that goes to the point is like those muscles that you just can't easily activate with a good mind muscle connection can't maintain tension you tend to call in accessory muscles or what have you then you're going to have to do what Dante said and get funky with it and give the muscle no other choice and find the exercise that just completely exploits that muscle biomechanically so yeah has to use I'll tell you one last this is kind of related to the funny thing it popped in my head I had years ago when I was in grad school in Texas I was I got I trained people like really early the morning and a young guy came in and I think he he hired me initially and then he wanted his dad to train so his he was taking over his dad's construction company and his dad that done construction work his entire life and now he was retired and I think you started to gain some weight he wasn't active wasn't doing all this stuff he used to do and he's looking after his dad looks like it's gets you in the gym dad and keep you healthy well well so I'm just shown in the world for just showing exercises the young guy knew some things that dad had no clue about this stuff right yeah so I'm like okay let's we're going to do a bi-step curl and I think I may have seen it but you wasn't questioning picking things up and putting them down for his whole life is what you're telling absolutely yeah and that's that's the whole point is he knew how to do it he knew how to use his much muscle as possible to make it easier you if you if you're out you know loading stuff onto a truck you don't do a strict bicep curl to put it into the you know how to you know you use you use as much leverage you can't activate as much as muscle you swing things around you move them so that you could do that shit all day long if you don't you don't survive that work and this guy was a survivor for decades so I was trying to do we got into where I was trying to do a concentration a dumbbell concentration curl back of his elbow backed up against the inside of his thigh right he's got the it was he's right there I wanted to get teach him a mind muscle connection using the biceps and just how to do this exercise right so he's he's like he's leaned over and I'm just like all I want you to do is just bend it to your elbow just bend the elbow nothing else yes he's doing this of course he is I don't mind like no no don't exactly yeah he's doing an isometric and he's leveraging the thing up you know my movement is whole body around like that makes a lot easier I'm like no this is I want you to just move your elbow not your upper body and I literally I had him I grabbed him by the front and back of his shoulder and I was trying to keep him put him in a voice he's still he's throwing me around the gym I'm like yeah but all that was programmed in yeah he learned how to do that so that's someone who had learned how to not do what body builders are trying to do not work a muscle in isolation yeah and there's some there's some degree that I think is something that probably is somewhat innate in us you know when we you know when we you know when we we've been down to pick something up you know some people just kind of bend it they're back but you squat if in most countries where they're much more agile than we are on the spend time squatting and that's probably what we had done in our evolutionary origins you squat down to grab things right but you don't do a stiff leg a deadlift no or if there's something like at your heels you don't do like a scissi squat right and squat right right you there's a certain movement patterns that we develop as kids etc and they become ingrained and bodybuilding is hacking around that to some degree yeah by using exercises by creating my most connection ball blah blah to create that to hack into that muscle and force it to grow in a way that otherwise wouldn't those weak muscles would stay weak and the relative proportion of size across a joint the the agonist and antagonist of knee extension let's say would be how they are because of your biomechanics and your neural neuro programming and a neuromechanical matching too I think could probably something that played plays a role that's a contentious topic so I'll just leave that there okay but up but anyway so so yeah there's there is something to say for squeezing the muscle I think and there's some a size of evidence that suggests without his direct study doing that we've got the count study it's kind of like we've got we've got training traditional training heavy training where you're not worried about that and then you're enlightening the load and maintaining continuous tension we looked at those research we've got blood flow restriction which which creates much more metabolic stress this is what one of the reasons what people think metabolic or thought or think metabolic stress is associated creates a different activation strategy those type ones get loaded and activate it in a different way and then the gap would be training with the squeeze and then we have training with no load it only the squeeze so we have continuum of evidence that sort of points towards a type one fiber specific hyper-trophic effect interesting enough they didn't measure different type of fiber types in that count study they know load study but but we have converging evidence points the direction that a great master thesis for someone would be to train with the squeeze with and without the squeeze and maybe have a heavy condition and a light condition yeah so you can get that study is one of your participants yeah yeah I think he I think he he's sorry you might close the five to get much growth from him but but the thing too that I forgot to add another piece this would make a maybe I'll make this into presentation sometime to give for folks there's a lot of cool pieces of evidence here but that mine muscle connection also goes away or the ability to evoke that goes away when you get to about 80% of the one-rette max oh okay yeah so you could the classic studies are a couple of them you can tell people to do this bench press with a peck versus your triceps yeah and when they have low loads like 40 50 60% of one they can do that lift it with your triceps they do it more of a tricep oriented so they can switch the muscle that they're using but when you get to 80% of water at max they can't do that because it's so heavy they they don't have a choice they have to bring in the other muscles that's a great point to I think bring up and that's something where I'm seeing people have problems nowadays I think that there are a lot of people that are hyper focused on trying to isolate the target muscle and because of that they aren't using the heavy loads that it can take to be able to get to you know 280 pounds and I've had that with clients where I see them saying like well I want to do this you know twisting one arm hold down right and I think there is benefit to that you know and they say but if I do two arms at once I can't feel it I don't feel it anymore yeah is there still benefit to that exercise if you're not quote unquote feeling it the way you can feel it with lighter weight in optimal control in hard squeeze you know because I think the answers already been in our squeeze versus just do the reps study I know that's not the name of the study but that's on on my call it for yeah so you can just conversation yeah if someone is just they get a they it feels amazing with the one arm a unilateral approach and the bilateral approach just feels horrible then one option would be just to not do them that way right the other other option would be is to keep working on that mind most of connection the thing the thing that makes me hesitant is just sort of throughout the baby with the bath water so to speak and to stop doing bilateral exercises that have been really effective for many many people I don't think anything was things any I wasn't trying to say stop but you know even like like I can say I've seen people who say like well well and I when I do stiff legs for instance if I you know go up above a certain weight you know where I can't do this like really good control or so what you know it's like it just takes everything takes over I think personally that there's benefit to overloading the body and also doing doing both basically do let's do both you know that's where I was going with this okay that's right I was agreeing with you I wasn't yeah I don't you don't want to fill those out because one you can you can learn how to do those maybe lighten a load slightly yeah there there can be I really think well let's say you're trying to make that I take that stiff leg a deadlift example you're trying to make that a hamstring action and it becomes you've just filled it in the glutes mainly okay well then you're getting some you're getting some glute activation there the way the partial set the way partial sets are now counted up in the research as you might call that a half set for the glutes okay so they all pressing movements become a half a set for triceps even if they're supposed to be a overhead shell so there's some stimulus that gets added in there potentially yeah and that's that's one thing like for instance with DC training in particular that you can do is let's say you want to bring your triceps up right so you might in particular do make sure you don't have flies as your chest movements because you're focused you're maybe sacrifice over the chest but you use pressing movements so you get some tricep activation on your pressing movements for your shoulders and for your delts because you're getting more more tricep involvement there so the triceps are getting half sets maybe in those cases so yeah there's something to say for training the whole body you're getting some some training stimulus to those other muscles and it's usually enough if those muscles seem like they're taking over get them stronger so that those aren't loaded as much if those are really easier and then you can then it becomes a hamstring exercise again interesting yeah yeah and yeah and remember Ron talking about this on an episode of it's just bodybuilding him in the way he phrased it was people saying like well I don't feel that you know pendulum and where I want to feel it in my leg though you know or whatever I don't feel that hacksquat let's say the hacksquat because that's kind of more of front and back everything exercise I don't feel it in the quad and his thought was like you don't have to your body your your body has the intelligence to use all of these muscles together and just because you're not feeling it in one specific spot doesn't mean that that spot isn't working like the whole everything's working in conjunction you don't have to tell your body use the quad and obviously we've talked about yeah there is benefit like on a bench press visualizing using the chest but it whether you do or don't that chest is firing in the bench press yeah and the thing too that if you do a set of 20 you're gonna feel it in those last 10 reps because you've got more metal ball extra so you're gonna you're gonna have a different mindless section than if you do a set of eight on some of you're not you're not gonna get like oh my god like the muscles on fire it's you know feels like it's gonna melt off my body because it's burning so badly yeah when people are folk hyper-focused on that they might have be having good loading in the muscle and because they've got so much downward central drive which needs to be there to move the heavy loads they're not is able to pick up on that afferent information it's coming back for the muscles so that that happens with pain for instance this is called a gaining phenomenon I don't know experts so some correct me from wrong but the idea is that pain signals afferent signals coming back to the brain the gate is closed if you're sending descending information down so the the the signal transaction coming back from muscle during exercise is is reduced when you've got a central drive it's interfered with in a certain way according to this gaining idea there's had a gate would be closed so they might be they might be activating that muscle and they just can't tell because they've got such a heavy load they have so much descending drive they're just not getting the same afferent information to let them know that it's being activated and it doesn't sense and it feels the same because there's not gonna have the the lactic acid and the other things that are gonna give them the sense okay that muscle's going yeah so by two day the next day definitely gonna be sore you know that's the thing is like okay like I'm gonna try this like give it a go you know and I'm gonna say I don't like the heavy stuff I can't feel the muscle will have a muscle give it a go do your damnedest focus on my muscle connections start the movement with the target muscle initiate movement with that do you remember you possibly can work on that my muscle connection see what happened soreness wise and then give it some time to grow with that and see yeah you start to see the improvements yeah yeah so there's you know give it give it time don't just give up on it because you don't didn't get you know an immediate sense in that set that it did what you wanted it to do yeah I feel like people have been you know and again it's kind of cool how like conscientious lifters are becoming and how stuff will where they are but I do think that it it can we can't take it too far you know sometimes in and end up kind of missing you know some really heavy ass you know lightweight baby stuff yeah really good at you you know you know what I set up this is one of the things I kind of incorporated in a 42 training intentionally is that you've got the loading sets you got the muscle around the pump set so which is compared to the loading in the pump the pump is when you're really you're looking for that targeted mind muscle connection creating the metal block stress you're doing things we're kind of talked about here today you want that you want to just see or the gains into the muscle right that was me it's isolated you don't have so much central drive involved you're not going to you're not going to get done with those sets like oh my god I just want to line them on the well maybe you will with legs sometimes but it's not the same central nervous system type of holy shit I feel like I just ran into a brick wall 100 times right those are the training sessions when you do that right and you cultivate your mind muscle connection and you check that box just like we talked about checking the box with the with the no relaxation training being type one fiber high-patrophic specific so to speak and then when it comes to loading sets that's when you go to town and you make gravity your bitch right and you move up the big weights the exercise is that you know work for you and you do your best to have a good mind muscle connection you do all those sorts of things but you're not expecting necessarily get this great pump that's isolated just to the muscle you want in the target right so it could be more compound exercises anyway just that well some of them are isolated some of the compound but those are your big you know your your big extra squats that lifts incline presses dips those sorts of things yeah you wouldn't do for the pump sets necessarily so so some people I think just psychological I was saying okay I got my pump sets there was her in place I'm doing that I've got a good mind muscle connection checking that box but I also know that if I get brutally strong on these exercises and I double my 50% increases in my strength on those over the next three years it's going to show up my physique because these are the right exercises for me and I know this and my muscle connection whatever I'm moving this weight they're still an internal focus right you're not just like squatting in three inches and just bending at the hip right you're still squatting with good execution sure but you're not like the the efficacy of whether or not you had a good set or that workout was as good as you'd hoped it'd be is not going to be and how you felt the muscle work during those sets per say it's going to be whether you check the boxes in terms of execution range of motion blah blah blah and the log book got it's ass whipped yeah you know what's got so many times I think when people talk about science in fitness and bodybuilding they use it as a weapon to say that this is what you must do or this is a terrible idea you should never do this you use science to say that it really all works like do it all you really do you you say you you science to say that like well sometimes this is great and sometimes the opposite is great you know that's you're I think that that sometimes confuses our listeners because they want to walk away with that black and white answer that oh thank god Scott's here with science he can tell us exactly the one thing that we should be doing and the other things that we shouldn't but I'm walking away from this conversation hearing that you should definitely still do both squeeze the muscle use good control and also use heavy weight that you may not feel the squeak may not be able to feel the squeeze and as much and you know rely on that natural intuition of the muscle you know what I mean that it knows what to do when you're using it yeah I mean should's kind of a four letter word even though there's more than four letters in it but another way you do this is is this is my big thing figured out for yourself yeah give it a go you know try give yourself six months or a year when you do the squeeze right or you just do higher up stuff right or the other way around everything's six to eight reps even like isolation movements you couldn't you can do them that way right I think even if you only leaned into one you would probably still get some sort of growth right you know what I mean yeah you might not it might not be the ultimate answer but you'll be able to isolate it kind of like if you're breaking down gear and you just try one compound at a time you know yeah figured out for you like the study um carnier study I mentioned with the postmanipals of women like some of them yeah the one of the takeaways from there is that higher-ups was probably a better approach for muscle for some of those women and low reps was probably a better approach and it could be a whole bunch of reasons because they don't pain ability to handle pain they like to feel the pot you know there could be there's a number of different means could be purely what stimulates muscle growth in their muscles um could be questions to our listeners which metal puzzle woman are you yeah um it could be even something like you train higher reps and you're like I'm just wrecked I'm just gonna go home and take a nap and they don't eat for three hours yeah yeah there's that right or they do the other way then it goes this is great and like I think I'm going to grab some food or I just go right to the cafeteria or whatever so there's a number of different things but you gotta try those things the one I tried to do with four to two training is try to check all the boxes um you know with a daily undulating periodization scheme where you're doing different set types um that are gonna have potentially a book fiber herperchophie somewhat in a specific fashion what have you and then you just get good at all of those yeah and they coordinate with one another but you can periodize which has been done for years and just go with you know heavy and then lighter light and heavy and say okay the heavy stuff you know does work for me or go with reps and reserve see if that works and try to do more volume um that was another thing Nick was talking about Nick's doing all you know to a degree reps and reserve now and he said then he's loving it like it's it's been great for him and when we talked about it on the podcast the interview we just did with him recently he had said that uh what do you say he said that if he could go back you know because the big question is well Nick that's not the way you grew the smossle you know but it it take to do that he said hey if I could go back I would do that from the start I don't feel as beat up and I feel like I'm getting just as good of uh you know overall activation but he's a lot fresher feeling now day to day very rewatch more recovered than he had been in the past so I would say this too that if you do pick one or the other lightweight lighter weight with all squeezing that constant and I love constant tension overall we're we're we're constant tension principle one all three um I love that stuff um and I also love like really heavy weight and I love heavy weight with constant tension there's a balance in there too where if it's not working for you if you did do extremely heavy stuff and that stuff wrecks you well maybe you can still do extremely heavy stuff but maybe tailored a little bit more so that you can listen to your body and not get absolutely rocked from it right mm mm yeah auto regulate yeah again two with Nick um then we talked about this is one of the previous podcast you're recently is that he trained two failure for so many years yeah now his reps and reserve he can adequately judge that because he's one of the different years and years um as opposed to someone who's a year and a half in and they're trying to do that and their their reps and reserve is actually they think they're two and they're actually seven yeah and they never really learn to push themselves and there's I you know I always I still think we don't see this in the literature because people there's an internal governor but there's I think an inverted you dose response and Nick may have been training doing more and feeling wrecked then was optimal for him at some point of time he's still making progress but he was just wasn't making optimal progress his progress could have been better or at least now for sure his progress would be mill or be minimal or less than it currently is as he's apparently seeing and he's optimizing because he trained so hard anyway by having more reps to reserve getting a more volume and he still creates you know obviously Nick's got pretty good genetics I think for bodybuilding he also dots every eye across every team I mean that's the thing that's really I think under estimated under butner valued is that that guy is not missing a single beat yeah everything he does everything he does is odd but that being said to he has his muscle personal muscle genetic code is such that resistance exercise creates hypertrophy like it just he puts that in it's like gas to a fire right yeah yeah so it's gonna happen and then someone else maybe who's less genetically gifted in that sense they may need to cultivate the signal with with more with more sets taken to failure in order to get a signal whatsoever but then that means that they can't do as many sets because you can't recover from as many sets when you train failure all the time yeah and that just means that they're gonna be limited muscle growth which which you knew from the fact that they had the train to failure there's so many top pros like there's so many examples of guys that you can watch their training and you don't see a single video where they looked like their the bar is speed isn't slowing at all right and their monsters some of that's PD's but that's just there's tons of guys that are natural that just look ridiculous and you're like this guy's choose to the gills and they're not they're just genetic phenoms yeah and they and they don't they're not in there you know training until they're throwing up and going crazy and you know training like absolute idiots because they add in the load and the training and it's reasonably hard and the muscle just grows yeah that's just that genetic gift so that's that's I think we talked about this with um with uh Brandon Curry you're the you know that the guys in the middle east who can hang with that high volume protocol that everyone pretty much underwit were the ones that stuck around if you didn't have those genetics you couldn't do it yeah so the guys who can do set after set after set and still get a stimulus from each of those sets even if they're one or two rep shy of reserve and then still recover from all of those sets they've got at least two genetic components going for them one they don't have to go to absolute failure in order to create a stimulus for those sets this is my theory you might kind of the way I this is my perspective on things um and then they can add together a lot of those sets and still recover from it right they're responsive to a stimulus that might not be responsive for some people might might not be a stimulus that that creates new muscle growth because it wouldn't be those last few reps or reps to reserve that just doesn't work that Jordan I mentioned Jordan and other podcasts actually there's a it's probably going to be a shitstorm here but there was a story that got posted from a podcast I did I saw them the the clip and that really great clip too yeah he's put in good clips um where you were signed yeah go ahead yeah you tried reps to reserve training he had their he had a um things Steve Hals podcast revised stronger podcast I think is where he had conversation with Mike is retellify remember correctly and and Mike was explaining the reps to reserve ID and how it works and and Jordan's like I'll do whatever it takes I'll give it a go and he tried it and it didn't work out for him and I think he did it exactly the way he he should have and the way he thought he he should have right he didn't like try to sneak in reps to set to pillar whatever he wanted to give it a fair shake he'd gave it a fair shake and it didn't work for him right so and and I would say Jordan's I mean I would say Jordan and Nick's muscle mass is on a equivalent level sure Jordan's not going to beat Nick on stage but Jordan's is highly muscular is pretty much in the world. That's not the conversation right? Yeah right. But Jordan was someone that he'd been based on that um that short journey into reps reserve training didn't get the stimulus with all of the parameters he had in place to allow him to continue to progress he's someone because he doesn't have he has really good genetics but he doesn't maybe have the elite genetics that would put him in the top five on the Olympia stage where he can get away with so to speak or he can get an effective stimulus training with anything other than the way he trains which get all out balls to the wall you know I'm going to see God shake his hand and make him bow before me before I come back down to earth after the set. I'm glad to hear you say that because when I've tried to use him as an example on Blood Sweat and Gear skip and answers shut me down hard and say well Jordan is the absolute elite and I don't but I think that it's kind of like dusty you know dusty said hey listen the way I've trained my back is what I've had to do to grow my back you know I and the response to that was well did he try the other way and well Jordan did he's a great example then of maybe not being as elite as you know maybe somebody else there's there's levels of elite I guess. One other thing just this thought came to that conversation we had with Brandon Curry was so enlightening I wonder if he'd be interested in coming on with us now in talking about how his training has changed I believe he's probably if he's doing the master's Olympia I don't know if he is I months ago they were talking about that being a potential show that he might do and I mean God if I'd take the check you know what I'm saying if he's ready for it but I'd be curious to talk to him now because it's been probably several five years six years since we talked to him about that I wonder how it was training has changed you know with a little bit more age because at that point man it was just take the governor off and do as many sets as you can and you've got to get it in better is it still that way or has it evolved you know yeah I think he's back in Tennessee yeah you're around yep so he's not going overseas anymore it's not with his coach that he had then so yeah okay well we'll I don't I actually met I talked to him I went to his gym when I was in Tennessee oh yeah okay and worked out it he owns maybe he owns a number of them now but he had at least one location for his gym yeah I know he has the one curb in culture there yeah yeah carbon culture so maybe um maybe I could contact him and see I don't he probably doesn't answer his Instagram because he's getting so much of a retouchable okay yeah yeah yeah but but this interesting like this kind of Nick and Jordan comparison there you know there's there's no absolute in terms of what is best kind of produce muscle growth for it or anyone right and I mentioned this was on that probably another clip will come out there one did already from that other podcast and that was one thing I thought about I mentioned in the message to you this morning is that if we look across the landscape of what creates muscle growth we've got compensatory high aperture we've got these stretch overload models with the coils where they hang the weight off their wings when we got a small sliver of potential stimuli that produce muscle growth is resistance exercise and we've got higher up we've got low rep we've got continuous tension we've got no worry about that and there's there's so much more we sometimes we miss the forest for the trees so to speak and that there's so many other things that can produce massive increases in muscle size that are very very different the features are very very different than resistance exercise you're you're spending like whatever the muscles under tension for 10 minutes maybe you know you do you do 15 sets and there 45 seconds yeah or what you you know it's it's not that much time really and other these other like the stretch overload model again that's birds not not mammals but it's continuous all day longer the compens are they're walking around they're but it's just walking but that's an overload of sorts so if you think about those things being stimuli that do produce muscle growth muscle fiber size and high per playing the two and then you think well it's no surprise it's not if you look like this is the broad scheme of things we narrow in on resistance exercise we got someone who does more sets with less intensity or less intensity of effort yeah Nick the rep to reserve and get seems to get better results someone else is more towards to go to failure like those are so close together really yeah it's a tree that we're right next to one another yeah it's like to say this tree's better than an atree it's like no there's like look at the whole forest like there's trees that are all they're going at all sorts of different kinds of soil they've got different amount of sunlight different amount of water coming through and they're all growing they're all examples of muscle hypertrophy there's trees that never lifted a weight in their life and they look better than some guys that have yeah there's no weight lifting models of muscle hypertrophy and there's also so so that if you think of it from that perspective it's like yeah I did I mean it's the tension that's the most important thing and then I think progressive overload plays a role but that's that that's the thing too is and you mentioned this with execution on your chest pressing movements that's that's the one example that we brought up is that a way to create overload that wouldn't manifest as an outward progression of of weight would be to improve your execution in better mind-must but connection and have co-contractions are reactivating that muscle with a mind muscle type of of way of doing this so it's producing force during those sets that wouldn't necessarily manifest in moving I have your weight for more reps because you're doing like what they did in the count study where you're just flexing the muscle so that is a way that you could get better with a better mind-must of connection and figure out and then in that way have an overload that happens that isn't manifested in the logbook per se yeah but then I think this is where you know things kind of fit together in the grand scheme of is that if you do then have hypertrophy that would manifest as ability to lift a heavier weight for for more reps and you move to that mode of training where your logbook focused still with an internal focus on making sure you're activating the right muscles but you simply progress then the overload that created with that internal focus on squeezing the muscle etc that is producing hypertrophy which eventually manifest when you go and test the performance capabilities the muscle by training when you're counting your reps and you're micro loading the bar and those sorts of things to see if you're actually getting stronger and your performance is improving the gym so the two interact with one another yeah and some really kind of cool ways so yeah there's there's lots of ways to skin the cat well we got through one question today that's the one topic we had that five of them but that we means that we have a bunch more stuff than for next time too yeah for sure this was one man guys go to byobcoach.com to check out Scott's book be your own body building coach I just didn't episode with kuba about planning your near and it may be think about your book and he mentioned your book too and he folded out and you know it's like you guys need to get copy of this okay but we we talked about setting up your year if you got you know say 45 weeks right now before the show you could do a whole lot of nothing with that or you could plan that out and and set yourself up you know how many weeks are we gonna let's work backward you know let how many weeks are we gonna need to die at how much time just give us to grow what kind of a health phase do we maybe need to drop in there in the middle and how do we adjust our training how do we adjust our nutrition and how do we set expectations for ourselves what can we reach you know and that reminds me a lot of a whole section of your book the your own body building coach so I strongly suggest that all you guys check it out and if you go to the link in the description you can get it from Scott directly off eBay and he will sign it for you get the hardcover that way or you just get the yeah you guys say something I think those might be sold out I'll have to go and look oh you might have sold those out okay I might have yeah not sure but yeah so someone can't find them then they're maybe sold out but I think but you still get the hardcover if not I'll put the link in that and if that's the case absolutely yeah yeah yeah or you can of course get the ebook from bbyobcoach.com and that's also where you can go to get the four to two training ebook for like 20 bucks guys it's literally nothing and even if you're not ready to do it now you can support Scott by buying the ebook save it read it later you know it's it's fun to understand and learn different training principles and ideas so you can do that and of course supplement source.ca for Canadians true nutrition dot com code think for 10% off if you're pumped up to do some training after listening to this episode then you're going to need a lot more protein go to true nutrition.com to get that as well as your intro workout your creatine and everything else and of course patreon thank you guys what patreon you guys are for an awesome we'll definitely get to some patreon stuff here in the future and for another episode here muscle minds with Scott Stevenson Scott McNeill and guys we'll see you soon thank you Scott as always. You're welcome brother.