What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossland. I'm Scott McNaley and all of our programming is brought to you by evalbloodanalysis.com. You can get your lab work done by Dave. If you're in the UK, you like that. You can go to Strom Sports Nutrition. I got the shirt on today. Go to Strom Sports in the US and the UK to get some great deals or you'll awesome health stacks, especially if you're on cycle. Turnutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. Thank you to everybody from Patreon. I think we have a couple of Patreon questions today and shout out to SupplementSource.ca. Our Canadian Peeps up there can get great deals on like label change product, short-dated stuff, Dave. You look really energetic today, man. No, I won't lost. We do have a bunch of stuff today, man. I've got some steroids in the news. Believe it or not, we haven't done that for a while. What are you? Yeah, it's been a while. We also have, of course, everybody's listening to questions and you guys are welcome to take part in the next show, just comment on YouTube and we will get to your questions. But before we did, I had a topic for you. Now, we've talked about this in various different ways before. But we do have a lot of new audience that tunes in all the time. The topic being the different asterisers of trend, just kind of taking it back to the basics. So first though, before we get into the actual asterisers, let's talk about trend and what are we talking here today? Like, what is it? What are we looking at? How strong is it? What's the anabolic andogenic ratio of trend? Why don't we start there? 500 to 500 versus what's testosterone? So five basically in every way, five times stronger. Yeah, and also has the highest binding affinity. So whereas the anabolic andogenic ratios were developed against testosterone, and they were developed on rat models. Actually went through this quite recently, gone the course. But they were developed on rat models. So the anabolic ratio, the anabolic value was based on development of a pelvic muscle in a rat and the anogenic value was based on the prostate enlargement in a rat. Yeah. And then it was comparative between the two. So the anabolic ratio was a comparative towards how anabolic compound would versus how anogenic it was. It wasn't didn't give any value to the overall strength of the drug. And then they revised it to the and that was single digits. It was like one to three, one to four, that sort of stuff. So some it could be if it was an anabolic one to a four under genic, it was four times more under genic, it was anabolic. Then it devised the 100 to 100 because they wanted to give some sort of comparison to drug strength in comparison to other drugs. So that's why it changed to 100 to 100 and versions of that. It's widely recognized now that it's not accurate, it is flawed, but they just use it as a loose guidelines to compare, you know, just as a start point. And that's a lot of use. I think it's just a nice easy way to get a very quick overview of how a drug is. So trend is a stronger drug by far than pretty much all over standard anabolic. There are methylated versions that are stronger etc. But trend itself is as a base compound is the strongest. Yeah. Generally we talk about using trend in a cut situation though. I mean, have there ever been times that you've used trend in an off season? I can't remember what you've said about that. I don't think you're a fan, right? I'm not a fan because of stress, but I do use it in power sports. Okay. But even then it's pre-comp, generally speaking, or plateau-breaking rather than a general sort of, you know, off season compound. Yeah. It's the highest binding affinity of all steroids. So it can attach to the receptor the strongest. With trend itself it attaches to a whole host of receptors. It's much more broad spectrum than a lot of other compounds, which is in part white. So impacting in other areas. So as an under on it, those dopamine transport proteins, but it also binds to the predosterone receptor and acts as a pregesting. So it stimulates that receptor. Add a greater rate than pregesterone itself does. It binds with the eaters and receptor making it more sensitive. It binds with 5AR lowering DHT, which is why it can be very, very instrumental in causing gino because DHT has a protective action against gino at the breast. Interesting. I'm really trying to take me memory. Yeah. Just don't. No, this is some good stuff. It binds with a cannaboid receptor, which is why we get this distance feeling. You know, when you feel removed from your loved ones and you feel slightly disassociated, emotionally with people. Yeah, and I have definitely gotten that on trend before, especially it's hard to tell when you're dieting. You don't even know what I mean, but I should have said it. Yeah, shit anyway, but yeah. It has a particularly strong impact on neuroanactivity. It lowers GABA. So it disrupts our neuroanregulation, which is why you get the anxiety and the overthinking. And there's thought that it has some impact on some of our areas as well. It has a direct impact with the kidneys and has been associated with cases of acute kidney injury. Now, just so people realize an A.K.I. or acute kidney injury isn't necessarily kidney damage. So it's a temporary situation with the kidneys, whereas kidney damages are permanent situation with the kidneys. But repetitive A.K.I.s can lead to damage. So there's quite a wide spectrum of things that does. It's metabolite, less for bloody ever. Which is why it's been picked up. We spoke about this last week. It was why it's been picked up in animals that are grazing around cattle because it comes out in their waste and then the plants get contaminated, then the animals eat and they get contaminated. Which is one of the reasons why athletes have used food and beef as a defense against having trend metabolites in their bloodstream for drug testing because it's actually possible. Spoiler alert that might be what we're talking about on drugs in the news later today. The brain impacts are quite astronomical, but it's still very infant in what we know. They have seen to increase up a bit, but a bit of a pothosis. Accelerate so you're a brain death, there we go. It's been described as on a line with Alzheimer's and then it's been misquoted. That's causing Alzheimer's. It doesn't cause Alzheimer's because it's damaged similar to that. Long term anxiety is an issue even post-use as well. It affects the immagglodier, which is our emotional control center and whether it's trend individually or on the bolics as a whole, but we've seen the mischaping and the reformation of the immagglodiers of physical changes in the immagglodier in the brain, physically, you know, actual size and shape and everything. Yeah, there's definitely, we spoke about this last week, unfortunately, the research that we were able to get onto this course, what she'd found out in brain impacts isn't willing to come on. Yeah, we tried guys, we tried to get asked to down. She just nod up for it. Accidemic nerves, they get very held over a barrel with anything they say, so that's very nervous about being an open question format because they know they can trip open, get crucified for it and actually represents or she works for Oslo University Hospital. You know, she's got a lot of responsibility in who she represents as well. So, a respect to appreciate it. Disappointed, but I'd respect it and appreciate the issue. And that said, we do have a really good interview coming up. So, you guys are going to tell me. Yeah, where did I tell you guys? You'll have to wait and see. David, let me ask you then. All right, so real, let's talk some real world with trend. Dosing wise, I'll tell you what, man, I would say that trend is one of the compounds where we've made a lot of advances as far as understanding how little we really need to get a good benefit from it when I started body building. It was often being dosed. Like just 400 a week across the board, that's what you were doing. Or 75 every other day was kind of also a common theme. So, I'd either see 400 a week total, 100 every other day kind of thing, or it used to come before that 75 every other day. Then my first actual contest, and I dosed it like that, right? My first prep I worked with a coach who had me do 50 every other day and guess what, man. So, you know, basically 200 every eight days, I did incredible with it. Like it was fantastic. And I realized, wow, I don't need to use as much. So, that was 2008, 2009, fast forward to today. Everybody is on board with low doses of trend. What would you say is the lowest effective dose of trend a week? I've seen females get benefits as low as 10 to 15 milligrams every of a day. I didn't even call that decently high if you're doing 15 every other day for female because that's still you know 60 every eight days. Yeah, that's both so. I'd have gone 50 a week, but yeah. You know, so even as low as 10 as well, but I would say probably 100 milligrams a whole week could still be effective in the right environment. Yeah, yeah, I'd agree with you there. Maybe for your more average person 150 a week. Yeah, I'd say if you're average person, I'd be looking more 150 to 200 somewhere in that bull park. Yeah, 150. And then maybe with some obviously tested there 200. Yeah, not like that. But I mean trend at 200 a week. I've seen that be very effective with a broad spectrum of body types on people. And I'll use that in the off season. Let's talk a little bit about the the differences there. And that's kind of what we were getting at here wasasters and applications. So, trend A is my preferred version, but you mentioned trend E. Yeah, man, I've seen like 200 in a off season be a nice dose for somebody who's just going to kind of run some for the next kind of just humming it along in the background, you know what I mean? I'll say an eight ten week phase of an off season. One of the problems with trend is that you can use it and get on with it well. And you can have that situation for several cycles. And then all of a sudden you'll do a cycle where you don't get on with it well and you end up with a lot of negative issues. And unfortunately from that point almost chances are you're never going to get on with it again. Obviously dose plays into this, you know, high doses. Yeah, you may get away with a lower dose, but it gets to a point. And this is to do with the accumulative effect within the brain. It gets to a point where you just can't cope with it anymore. Dude, I had the weirdest dreams the first time I took trend. The trend is I was waking up on and off all night. I was getting the crazy night sweats. And I was like having the most vivid crazy dreams all night long, man. I got fuck all of it. It's crazy. My good lady says I was a little bit removed and a little bit colder than I normally am. She says I'm a cold bastard anyway. But a little bit colder than I normally am emotionally. I should say you were a bit distant, but you're with not. It's a dick. No, I see it. I wasn't. And I took a large amount as well. And now I believe it was the real deal. I can't be for certain because I didn't test it. But the same batch brand was used by a pro friend of mine. And it was absolutely destroyed in him. Now, did you use was this high dose A server trend? Hentf. Okay. 1.5 grams. It's a lot of trend, man. That's a ridiculous amount. I try to, that's a stupid amount trend. I mean, the thing is I started. And got absolutely no feedback. So, hmm, try a bit more. Got more feedback. Try a bit more. Got more feedback. Yeah. Eventually I went now, but I'm not using it. I tried my full trend. Hey, he said you didn't like that either. You didn't. If that was real, you didn't notice that either. Three grams and nothing. Wait. Three. Millograms. Millograms. Okay. Three milligrams and nothing. Yeah. I had to, you know, I told the story before with methyl trying. I had to stop it just because I was like overheating so bad. And I did feel like it was irritating me. I wasn't a contest prep. But the honest truth is, man, I always kind of felt like a most likely, oh, we already going to be running trend ace in the last phase of a contest. Precora would be adding an oral. So if I'm going to add an oral in, I want to add something in different. Uh, methyl trend to me in a contest phase. Always felt redundant. And it still does today. I would like, I brought much rather go with Halo for instance. You know, somebody else. It's not a druggy. See very often anymore. Even in strengths circles. It's not something that crops up that much. You know, it still gives you a bit. But it's definitely not when it is popular as it used to be. Yeah. Yeah. I'd probably, I'd probably agree with you. I think I see the injectable methyl trend more frequently now. Then I actually see, or I just see it listed as like, I see trend based. Do you see that on lists? Yeah, I've been able to experience with the methyl I had injectable. So I've never had to anything else. But yeah, I didn't get anything from that, really. So again, so we crowd crack while you drugged possibly. I've mentioned it before. I'll say it again, just for anybody who's newer here. I've always found trend as easier to handle because if you don't like the way you're feeling from it, you can adjust pretty rapidly. You're not going to get the same level of build up as if you start running a, you know, a decent dose of trend E. And if you don't like the way you feel from that, it may take, you know, 10 days of not taking it anymore before you start to even begin getting relief. Or just the look, like if I want that, let's say that we're using a really slow dose contest wise, I consider 200 to be an average dose. And let's say that, say we're doing 150, 200 a week. And we know that we're getting good benefit from it and you're 14 days out. We have enough time there that if I were to turn that up to say 300 a week, still taking every other day, you would definitely notice the difference by the time we got to the show, you know. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's when it's, it peaks quicker. If you're super sensitive, it can be a bigger hit, but it's out quicker. So you get rid of it faster. Whereas the end can be slower to develop into a problem. But then when the problem's there, it's harder to get rid of it. It's well. So it is very much personal reference on that front. And then obviously you've got try and hacks, which is even slower. So try and hacks, what is the half life on and Haxle, Benzel, something. Okay, I'm fucking say it, hang on. Can we just say parable? We're going to make it easier. Okay, Haxle, Benzel, something carbonate is, you know, not that you really even need to know, some of this kind of stuff in order to be just Haxle, Benzel, something carbonate. I feel like I was missing a syllable. I don't think there's another bit in the minute as I, I'm fucking knows. It's parable, but all right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, those are, don't know, parable and was a trade name of Trin Haxle. It's the only commercial version that's been produced. And it was, I was good. Was it 76 milligrams or 78 milligrams? So weird. Yeah, I think it was 76. Oh, I did. I did miss a syllable. Haxle hydrobenzel carbonate. All right. Okay. There you go. Yeah. I looked it up Dave. 76 milligrams was the initial, so yeah, we were right on that. Yeah, said that it just started going to take some of the market. French company brought out. Yeah, in 1980, in France, in 1980, it was voluntarily discontinued by its manufacturer in 97. Yeah. It still exists as a factory drug. Does it? Yeah, the, uh, the Haxle does? Oh, not Haxle. No, I don't think Haxle does, but Trin does itself, doesn't it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. It was a rigidity. Yeah, it was originally, I think it was originally a treatment for osteoporosis and muscle wastage. I think that's what they originally released it for. Really? Okay. Huh. I didn't know that they actually used it. Oh, I guess Trin Haxle did use it. Yeah, ice, ice, and then snow. Uh, and I don't think, and ever been produced as a pharmaceutical drug. I think it's only the UGLs that produced, and yeah, Trin used to be so easy to get because we would make it ourselves. We had the Finna<|th|>s, carts, little cartridges. It was a little cartridge and it had all these little pellets in it and you used a paperclip to jam the pellets out. I think a grind them up. Uh, I better stop there. I don't think we can talk about the amount of BSA, the BU, add to it, and the coffee filters. No, no, no, no, no. It's really, really. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's going to increase products in, um, they can't have an effect on progesterone, generally speaking, unless you're progesterone, is ridiculously high. It's not going to have a huge negative effect on you. And to be fair, it's difficult to control anyway. So for the most part, I wouldn't worry about our side of things. More than anything is really the negative side is the emotional stuff. Um, and then obviously things like that, which it will promote. But it's made. All the other thing is, when you blood test, it will show us the issue, unless you do a sensitive blood test. Oh, that's a good point. So that's something that's not freely available in the UK. It is in the state. So it's not such an issue over there. But if you're UK based, I would recommend starting your cycle, getting your eastern German in place and then adding your trend. I was looking for the half life, um, which I just don't see it. So hey, I'm going to throw it out. I'm not familiar with our list. Yeah, yeah. 14 days. Oh, it's 14 days. Yeah, that's what's going to do. Jeez. It's a long, long way. It is. Which I think it's part white was so low dose when it was released. Yeah. It's just weird. Number 76. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not as as to what? I don't know. What do you have to do with? I don't know what they asked away is for hax, actually. I guess what have to it, my guess be pretty big. Yeah, for 14 days is going to be a fairly big, big, um, estimate. Chain. Yeah. All right. Well, uh, I hope you guys enjoyed our little chat on trend. Um, I, you know, it's crazy, man, because trend is so popular now. Like as far as like the mainstream knows what trend is. I hear people like in the the gun sports, uh, YouTube channels and stuff. They all joke around, you know, and they'll be like, oh, that guy looks like he's on trend. And these are people that have nothing to do with bodybuilding. Very different world we're in than 20 years ago. I think with the king actually had some to do with that. Oh, really. Okay. Well, he was he was quite broad spectrum. Wasn't he? wasn't just bodybuilding. Yeah. Um, and then it okay, man, they'd been using trend. So I think that's had some some drive to make any more known. Yeah. I won't talk you about more known. All right. Well, listen, we've got a bunch of stuff, including we've got steroids in the news. Dave. So we have an Olympic US Olympic sprinter who was slated for the 2028 Olympics that I got started taking place in Los Angeles, the 2028, a Los Angeles Olympic Games tested positive for trend belong in this article here. It's contaminated mate. I mean, that's very possible, right? He was a 200 meter semi final. Let's see. You know, the state's react following his men's student. So this is the picture. This is from 2024. Dude, imagine that, man. It would totally like these guys who are Olympic athletes have literally trained their entire lives. If he is taken out of this, he's 21 years old. Now, if he's taken out of this because of this, he is never going to be in the Olympics ever. You know what I'm saying? Because you won't be able to to hang on and be able to still be as competitive you know, at the next one. Hmm. Probably, but that might be why you was competitive. Yeah. Yeah. So what do they say here? They had a little bit about the trend. I was going to say it's usually a five year, but I'm not thinking of it. This is, let's see, the steroid test positive for can be used in livestock farming except the no fault ruling based on the explanation that he was contaminated from a bakery in central Florida by Oxdale. What's Oxdale? Literally what it is, tail of Ox. Oh, by would they put Oxdale in a baked good? Well, you do it as a soup and also as a stuff. So I'm not quite sure what it'd been used for. It might be a cultural thing. You know how certain like Jamaican food users, you know certain body parts of animals slightly different to other cultures. So it could have been so much to do with that. Could have been a cultural cuisine. I wonder how sensitive these tests are? Well, that's it. I'd love to know what the concentration was. Yeah, and I'm not seeing it listed here. But gosh, he was really good. Like he finished what is this? He finished, just let's see, from the Paris Olympics where he finished 19.99 behind Gold Medalist who was also a teammate. So it's like he's right right there is being really good. So what they've done is they've accepted that he's accepted that drug was in his system, but they've accepted that he didn't know it was there. What is banned? Yeah, so they'd bound him because he he's tested positive, but it looks like they've said it or they're on they've accepted and know something. So it looks like they're accepting that he knew it was, he's argued was he didn't know was there and they've gone that's very enough. But you're still responsible for what's in your body. So we're going to find you, but the bottom will only be excellent. Hey guys, here's a video of Victoria refilling our glass collagen jar that we keep next to our coffee maker. We had a scoop to our coffee each day. It's 29 grams of protein plus collagen is great for your connective tissue. This is Hydralized Beef Collagen from Trinutrition, user code think for additional savings. Alright, hey listen, we got a bunch of listener questions and if you guys want to take part of the next show then definitely comment on YouTube on the latest episode and we will do our best to get them on the next show and I try to get back to everybody. So, all right, check this out. This is actually from the Facebook group, but I thought I'd bring it here. So we do have a think big Facebook group if you guys want to join. A lot of like-minded people that watch the podcast, everybody's cool. Can you get a six pack on debol? Well, those 10 o'clock you can get a six pack on any drug if your issues your manager is correct and your diet is correct. So it's not impossible. I mean, I brought people into to to to come condition. No, I don't do a lot of it, but I have on deckers. So, and most people say, oh, you can't you can't you can't as long as you manage the negative impacts which is against the debol. It's an easy to measure a deal. Well, yeah, it's a bit much worse. Um, it does a rubber taser high rate so it can be a little bit awkward. But it's doable. Yeah. I think it depends too on how dense your av muscles are, you know? I think that's my thing people forget. Most killer development will make a more pronounced sooner. Dude, my first contest because I have a long torso and so my first show, my abs were very flat and it wasn't until I actually dried out that I had like a super definitive set of abs versus down the road. You could see a more like at into the off season as I was putting body fat on. But especially for newer guys too, lot people with long torso and then people who are just not developed a ton yet. They haven't done squats for the last decade. You know what I'm saying? They don't have as much core muscle. That's always been my problem. I just need to just dry out a little bit. Yeah, just a little bit. We just had to, yeah, pull a couple pounds of water. Yeah, I'm just like they even now. I'm just a bit wet. Yeah, just just drop it down to if you'd be good, man. Maybe awesome. On stage. All right. I'm sweeping it, but on stage. Viewer question, what advice do you and Dave have for motivation? Oh no, no, no, no. That's our uncle Dave's advice at the end of the show. Oh, you just mess that. Oh, come here, complete. All right. Sure did. All right. How about this one? I like to sit around three shots per week, 150 to 300 tests. E 50, premium 100. That seems to be a quite nice cycle to run with my Brazilian jiu-jitsu and staying my size. Balkan he likes to go about higher than that, like 900 tests, 500, Deka, a little bit of EQ, maybe some deep ball in there. And then he runs Tier T test between that at 150 milligrams per week. He says, can you guys talk about going off to get someone pregnant? What would it take? And what to look for, giving I'm been off and on blast and cruise like this for years? Well, first thing would be to get a sperm test and see where you are. Zero. I know where he's at. Yeah, big fat one. Then I would say you kind of try a T R T. I'm sorry, try a PCT. You know, it may work. The other option would be a correct T R T. So you can you test levels and range and then do a H H M G Pro call. So 2.53 in today, you H H G every day, 75, I've been using G every day. I'd also adding one gram of alcohol in daily. Yeah, some vitamin E and see where that gets you. Now what about using a sperm, like a kilometer and clomophane with this protocol? I'm not convinced there's much benefit if you're on T R T. I am convinced there's benefit if you're natural. Okay, but I don't see how increasing or attempting to increase L of SSH when you're on T R T is going to really benefit sperm production in lieu of having H C G and H M G in there. So you're just saying you think that the H C G H M G is going to be the more it will be inferior to those. I think so, yes, because you can you can definitely push the levels much higher because you're in control of the levels. Where I think if you were natural, so you post PCT, then yes, I see a benefit to things like provide on employment. The idea is obviously if you increase FSHs and then then you increase in sperm signaling directly. But there's the inhibit situation as well which is going to shut some localization down. So I'm not, I haven't seen any data of how effective it really is in the numbers format. So I can't be under percent, but my gut would say that if I was on T R T, I would go ACG H M G over adding a certain. If I was Nati, I would go certain. Okay, yeah, with people who are off, people who've come off all together running Kloomid and now I've had guys instead of Kloomid will use N Kloomid feed. Side effects are way lower, man. You get those compounds are kind of similar shape to estrogen. They're attaching to the same receptors. And I think we are getting some estrogen like sides, like feeling more emotional and stuff. But I'm fighting guys don't tend to get that as often. I did have one guy who was like super prone to anxiety and mental upset and he did have issues with and Kloomid feed. Even when we tried to cut the dose in half, started it 12.5 with down to like six. Yeah, I mean there's always going to be those allies that have bad reactions to compounds. It's, you know, what extreme reactions to compounds. And the same way there's always going to be those, I have extremely eye tolerance to compounds. Yeah, I mentioned, I don't think I mentioned it to you. I mentioned it on BSG. I work with a guy who was able to get his wife pregnant. We made some fantastic gains. He was up around like two ten, right, and with abs still. And so we tightened him up and then built the diet up, got him real strong. He came off everything, everything. And the, the going to a fertility clinic. And he needed to make sure that he was on point to deliver. So he's off everything. He ran a combo of Kloomid. He was doing this through his doctor to Kloomid, HMG and HCG that he's talking to his doctor about this through the whole thing. They're testing along the way. And get this man. He didn't lose any size. With that combo, his test wasn't great. But he stayed strong. He was able to maintain muscle, you know, and maintain strength through all of it. Well, it's also that's a statement to how goodies trading in a diet as well. Because he's foundations is all they didn't know what to do to do that. Yeah, yeah, that's true. There was one other thing I was going to mention, oh, in a retest, right? Like, if he's doing out his own without a doctor after he, say, tests comes out with, you know, zeros or whatever. And then he gets on your protocol with HMG, HCG, then maybe how long later would you wait to test your sperm again to see if you got swimmers? Six weeks. Okay. Eight weeks. That's a lot of fun. I'd go to a long, six weeks. Oh, just a quick explanation for those. Mobility is your swim is ability to swim. So how well they can move. Because obviously they have to get from you to morphology is the shape. And if you have mutated sperm, they're all a bit fucked up. Swimming in a circle. Then they swivel, yeah, one leg at one. You know, they then struggle to enter the egg. And the elk antie actually helps with morphology, helps your sperm be normal shaped. He did use elk r2. I believe he was in the injectable. So, all right. I'm working on a TNT for cycle three. Okay. Says 500 test E 300 EQ for 20 weeks. 10 milligrams per day of trend ACE for eight weeks, 50 milligrams of antivarphidolast eight weeks. What are your thoughts running 500 to 750 calorie deficit? So what do we think about the cycle? I guess he's asking. Say again. 500 test 300 EQ 20 weeks, 10 milligrams of trend ACE every day. So 70 a week for eight weeks and then 50 var for the last eight weeks. In a cool. Yeah. 550 Cal deficit. I don't know. I'm with the cycle. No, I presume the EQ's for each of your management because of the unreliability of mast. Yeah, that would make sense. And EQ is a very powerful way. In most people. No, I thought a little bit like white bother. I get it gives a bit but I would be more tempted to run it slightly higher but for the last few weeks rather than the lower dose for a longer period. But that's same antix really. I mean that's what's that's just personal opinion. Same with the overall, I'd probably run that short period. But other than that, I don't know. I mean there's nothing to do with the cycle. I would still want to get my estrogen shock that maybe six weeks in. So the calorie deficit is quite hard. So 50. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see how he does with this. That's quite aggressive. But I was supposed to depends on how quickly he's wanting to drop. We had somebody say, my favorite two people I have never met plus Dave. But does that mean? It means that I'm a one currently, doesn't like me, but he likes you and I'm good with that. Who? But he said my favorite two people who else could be talking about? Like can't be me if he doesn't like, if he's a VX, losing me from that soon. I don't know. Christmas cabbage? Possibly. Yeah, don't know where the early is. Hey, if you can, if you get a chance to talk to him this week, would you see if he has time to fly out and come with me to the Olympia? You want him to go to the Olympia again? As long as you don't get him, drum can give him hope as like he did last time. You know, that was all on his own accord. We got to the airport. We got to the airport and I turned around when I was getting my luggage off the belt and he was gone. I did not see him for four days, Dave at the airport signing in any dark sunglasses on his his leaves were all a mess. That's all that's my story. So what? Hey, tell me. Well, ask him. He's older now. He said you bought the first round. Good Dave elaborate on the GH comment at the end of this episode. Dave said and I quote, we used to think that with GH the more the mirror, but we found out that it's in balance. That when it's in balance, it works much better. I don't remember anyone touching on that and I've been on GH and was hoping to push it some. But I'm at four are you and like what's going on here and don't I like what's going on here and don't feel a need to push it higher at the moment. Just curious if that's new information or if I just miss something somewhere. No, we've spoke about this a lot of times. GH is shown in studies to reduce athletic performance. It was originally thought that course hyperplasia, which is the you know reproduction of no muscle cells. It's then being discovered that's not sustained. Okay. And so GH dropped out of popularity has been a particularly direct muscle building product and and is now more of a complementary muscle building product in that it aids recovery. Also helps with fat management. But I think of GH's a rejuvenation product which is why it's so heavily used in the anti-aging crowd. Yeah. timing has a role as well. timing what do you mean? So GH PM is going to lean more into wars recovery. GH AM is going to lean more into fat loss. Okay. I don't see a big difference personally. I don't think that's a huge, I think I don't, yeah, I don't think it's huge massive, but I do think so. I do think so. Yeah, I found if you just take it you get like something out of it. I've got a couple guys that are running it pretty high right now into contests. Like we guys had done like one guy was doing really well with like 15 units in his off season. Like we're talking he's up a good hundred pounds from where we started and probably put on probably 50 pounds in a year of legit like dieting him down. He's a lot bigger. Anyway, we pulled it back to like four to six and now he's pretty getting closer to the show. We were pushing it up to 10. I want to see if we can get more fullness out of him leading in because he's a guy who like really super freaking compensates and holds a lot of extra fluid in the muscle. You do find a lot of the size of your GH is into so you're the war in the muscle. No, with that everybody, but there is a lot that will go on GH. I've put 23 pounds underneath. He come off and it's like, oh, I've lost 20 pounds. You know who I really want to talk to about that is Chase Irons. So I talked to Chase like at earlier on when he first started running really high GH and I'd love to get his perspective now on having done that for an extended period. Like I don't know how long it was, but it was a long time. I'm curious to know what's his take on it now dose like what does he think he got out of that that super high dosing because I will tell you this man. He definitely freaking blew up, but he was doing a lot of stuff. You have a kidney, did he stay blown up? Yeah, yeah, he's like a lot bigger now. So I'll be curious. So then the question would be why is he continuing with a GH? I don't know he might be. Oh, yeah. I thought he'd stopped. I thought you was any stopped. So yeah, no, I don't think he did. All right, we got a bunch of good stuff here. And Blunt forced time you said she was wondering if she was going to see Christmas cabbage again next week at the Olympia. So we'll see. All right, how about this one? Hey guys, new dude here about to try my second cycle 40 var 20 deba 50 days something relatively gentle just upping it easy and slowly exploring it. Just wondering how to time my liver supplements with this because I presume taking in a bunch of liver detox at the same time as the roiads runs the whole ruins the whole show. Not at all. First of all, we got to discuss the term roiads Dave. We don't always. We don't we don't use that term in the community. Do we? Is that a bad word now? Is that a bit like I won't say because I'll get shot without the other or the S word. Yeah, I feel like I feel like roiads is a word that people who don't use steroid cells. You're not you're not going to affect the the unabolic action by taking liver support in this lightest. So you can crack on them for as much to u dca and not get yourself as you want. What's going to happen if he's not using a test with this cycle? What's going to happen to his indibole. No, he's t-ball. Oh, sorry. I thought he's a d-ball. Yeah. 50 days or 50 days, six weeks? 50 days is more like eight weeks. Is it? Well, let's see eight times seven is 50. Seven weeks. Yeah, he might scrape through it. Yeah, I wouldn't call it ideal but he's new, you know, there's that. Yeah, he might scrape through it. It's not massive doses of the 60 milagron toe. Enough to shut him down, you know. Do we answer this or was it on another show? He said I posted a question a while back and didn't get an answer. Viewers can answer as well, which we didn't see any viewers comment yet. But he says, can you use trust alone as a test based instead of test? Obviously stacked with drier compounds throwing in. Thanks. In theory, yes, I've never seen somebody do it, but in theory, yes. So you're not using test on cycle. You're going to use that plus some other compounds like he seen other DHTs basically or, you know, DHTs with it. Yeah, I mean, in theory, yeah, he should work. I've never known anyone do it. Yeah, well, if he doesn't, maybe he should let us know. Hmm. All right. How about this one? I started running gear again after a 2.5 year hiatus, no tier T fully recovered. Before that, I was on blasting crews for three years. Now, I have started test sit at 875 milligrams a week and I'm working my way up to two grams of test only for 16 weeks. I tolerate test well and never needed an AI. My goal is to maximize size. How much fat burning effect can I expect from such a high test dose if any, I want to keep visible abs in the off season. Highest I've run is 1.2 grams plus 800 EQ. Thank you. Love the show. By the way, where the hell is Christmas cabbage? I'm just curious as to why he's gone such a high dose after being away for so long. It seems a bit overkill. I get what he's trying to achieve and I understand that side of it, but it just right, you could have done a couple of cycles getting up to that and probably grown very, very well with a lot of muscle memory and the fact that you're not needing so much could be enough for so long. Absolutely. So that's making me curious. Fat loss from test, now not real. From the increase muscle mass, yes, because you'll be increasing your baseline calorie burn because you've got more muscle mass, so yes, that will increase fat loss. Yeah. The ultimate fat control down to your diet, not the drug. Yeah, when he's in a deficit, trying to grow as much as he can, I wouldn't expect, you know, to lose a lot of fat from. If he's basing his estrogen response on the fat that he's done 1200 test an A under the Q. Then I would be very, very careful with the estrogen because the EQ will have slow, lower duration and quite significantly on that cycle. If you're doing test on its own, I'm not saying you're not, but if you're assumption that you're, or your determination, that your variation of your estrogen has come from that previous cycle of 1200 and 800, that isn't going to give you a fair gauge of what's going to happen on test only. Yeah. I told you before my story, Dave, of it now the doses weren't the same, but I ran 500, like fourth cycle, I think it was fifth cycle, 500 test 400 Norma DACA. It was British Dragon test E and Norma DACA at 400 per week. After that cycle, I was like, you know what, man, this shut me down so hard, so hard to recover from. I'm just going to run test only. I was taking 900 total milligrams last cycle. I'm just going to run a thousand test only. Same amount, quote more or less, right? Dude, it was bad news, man. I had terrible acne, terrible side effects, you know, it was not the same, you know what I mean, uping just going to high tests. So I'd be Larry, man. You know, there's, there's a lot of uncharted territory in this cycle, is what I would say. Yeah, I would as well. All right. Got a couple more. I hooked up with Dave this week. Really looking forward to working with him. Love the channel, the TRT plus segment has made me laugh, but that's my thing. Don't tell Dave. Name. Of Big Andy, Big Andy P. Andy, you are busted. You only can blame yourself. Andy Pane. Well, I don't know if he wants you to call him out like that on the internet. You don't understand? So he's already done it. All right. But first time you said the same people who call growth HGH call steroids, broids, LOL. Yeah, who says HGH? Dave, how much HGH are you taking? We want to GH? California. Yeah. I've got a pro shot at Saevo for because the miserable view is well, donate. Okay. So Zionic let us know. He said Chase is not currently on GH. All right. It's cured. Not saying. I can't know then. I run it high and didn't get much out. I mean, that's my personally's for instance. I'm seeing similar with others. I do think he will help in a combined scenario. But, uh, there'll be someone a prisoner no doubt. How about this one from VJ? He says, uh, Hey Scott, Dave, question on redda does reddit cause strength. Cycle stack food is remaining the same, but I'm experiencing a dip. Oh, there we go. A dip in strength while on redda at the very start of the dose of at one milligram a week. Yeah. Absolutely. If you start getting more depleted, you know, that all comes down to a few nutrition foods foods to same. But, obviously, the nutritional transits flow, isn't it? So that will have a effect on release. Yeah. I've actually that your blood sugar is not high, you know. You're probably not storing as much food glycogen in the muscle, you know? All of that. Yeah. I would say it shouldn't, you know what? To me though, Dave, this speaks as maybe there's a hole in his nutrition. I think that at one milligram per week, you shouldn't have. And I'm not going to speak for everybody. Everybody's different, but I would say in general, you should be able to combat this. Uh, number one, remember is your hydration. So make sure you get plenty of water in, make sure you get plenty of electrolytes in, make sure you're using salt with all your food. Make sure you get salt in in your pre-training meal, especially if you get some extra say like you get an extra leader of water in by the time you train and you increase your salt, that and itself should help to make somewhat of a difference. And then maybe consider stacking more. If without changing your total daily carbs, try maybe moving more of your carbs to a pre-workout situation and see what you get out of that. Hmm. Just this one idea. He also asked about something to do with hair. Can you guys also touch on hair, scalp, protection while on gear? Well, a joke choice is something to do with that. And then you've got a few options, depending on the joke choice. If you're using testosterone and experiencing hair loss, then you could look at finasteride. Yeah, he mentioned do test ride too. Yes. And then if you're using DHT's, you're probably going to have to more look at a topical block. Because there's no conversion, so you can't stop the conversion. So I would look more of a topical block. Though there's nothing wrong with being bold. Is this go? Nothing at all. I'll be there soon enough. Four heads getting bigger. I've always had a big forehead just so you know, Dave. Sorry, five heads getting bigger. I've been gifted with a large forehead all my life. Oh, oh, wow. Okay. So this was an anonymous member at the group posted this. He got his MRI results back. Here's here's what it says says the results impression. A superficial area of intermuscular edema in the right gluteus maximus muscle may reflect a recent intramuscular injection. Oh, oh, busted. Yeah, he says, uh, I have two options and say, ha ha. Yeah, I was rolling around on a lacrosse ball for a paraphera formus release and went too hard. Really irritated the tissue or say, yeah, I'm on TRT. No, I don't have a script. I appreciate you not writing it in my records, though, but he probably will. I hate hiding, but unfortunately, you never know when you're going to need a critical treatment or surgery and insurance says, oh, looks like you're a drug user and so we're denying you coverage of it. This at this critical moment of yours. I've never seen that happen to anybody, by the way. Like I've seen people who like literally had kidney issues and need a replacement and they still like, like if you were to abuse a recreational drug and have a problem, health wise, they'll still treat you for that. You know, and they still, I believe, will treat you with a S, too. I don't think that your insurance has the right to block you from that. Could he just say it was an event injection? Yeah, you could. Is that viable? Yeah. Yeah, I don't think they're going to deny you coverage, honestly. I don't think I've ever heard of that happening in any instance for being on gear or any, you know, recreational stuff either. Yeah, and he said one of his fears is he was like, forever, my doctor is cool anecdote. There are several others of my doctor dropped me or told me that he stopped that he would refuse treatment, blames, ailments on on test, etc. I'll be honest man, I wouldn't wait for my doctor to drop me. I would drop him. We're in a place now that if like you take your, you're going your, your portal for your health insurance and you can find a whole list of doctors that you can then look up and then doctors, there's like basically Google reviews now. You can go to see the reviews on your doctors to see what they look like. See pictures of me even get a feel for who you will go to. And yeah, it's a pain in the butt to have to go to different doctors and figure it out. But it's worth it. You have to put that footwork in, though. And they might not be able to do everything for you, but it is nice to be able to go in to get your physical to be able. Like I just had my calcium score done. There's things that it's nice to be able to get treatment and get recommendations, you know. The referrals. Thank you so much. I want to start a gear friendly doctor list. Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Mm hmm. And then we had that one more day. What was that? It was something along the lines of Uncle Dave's advice. I thought it was a good one. Oh wait, we did have one one more. My girlfriend is looking to lose fat. Yeah, we had a couple things on SLU. She is considering SLU. What are the pros and cons? She's tried a bunch of stuff. Um, not so much. You. Okay. We are from Denmark. So it's not easy to get our hands on redda or the other GLPs. Hey, listen, we do have, I can't mention it on YouTube, but we do have in affiliate that you can hear about on all of our other platforms. So definitely check that out for European places. Um, and I'll say, I've seen a couple interesting scenarios, David. I don't know what the mechanism of action is on this. I've seen acne in females on SLU. Okay. Three times now. What's up with that? Mm hmm. I'm surprised at the call. Get retin. You can get SLU. Yeah. Yeah, that is interesting. I'd say too, if like they've tried a bunch of stuff and things just aren't working, I would want to know why that is. Yeah, I might be looking at thyroid and HBA once see and hormones as well and just, yeah, yeah, there's no, actually, problem. Is there like a PCOS thing going on? Are you getting like super insulin resistant? And for some minute, can be a really like long road, you know, to try to get into good shape. Yeah, my wife says she wants to lose fat. So she says she's going to divorce him. Yeah, so probably be a lot less stressed, you know, a lot more relaxed. She's going to get she's going to get the fat out of her life by getting rid of it. It's kind of like lipo. You just put you just sign here. Yeah, you know. That's not very nice. Go. Is it you celebrate in the end of my marriage for them? Be your question. Uncle Days Advice, what advice do you and Dave have for motivation? I recently missed four weeks at the gym as I came down with the famous 2020 virus. Thank you for wording it that way. And it also gave me a chest infection in antibiotics were required. I started back at the gym a few days ago and while I am training and getting a pump, etc, I am mentally struggling to get into it. I just feel a bit, man, I'm getting all the food in and I love bodybuilding, but just feeling a bit mentally blank the last few days in the gym any advice. Take a picture of Scott. Pin it in a book, take the book with you and underneath that picture of Scott. Right, if I don't train I will look like this. It's a difficult one and I found in those situations going and just doing something and just been consistent with that process, you just start to get into it. But there is also times when, and I'm not saying this is the case in this scenario because I don't think it is, but there are times when people who are already training, they do fall out of love with it and they do start to struggle with motivation and they do end up forcing themselves to go to the gym in a way that they don't enjoy. I'm to a point where it becomes a negative experience around down, and those scenarios are going, well, why are you going then? Do something else? You don't have to lift weights to keep fit and healthy. There's a million spots that you can get involved with. It might be, you just need to try something different. It could just be the it is right different routine or, I think it might like trend, something different, like a different compound. It's right, not fast. Yeah, man. With a little bit of aqua poise, is that what you meant? No, it could be just doing a new workout program. It could even be as simple as change in the order of your exercises. So if you start with bench and retirement chest, do it last. Growth? It's just a 10 I U. On workout days. You know, just to add to that motivation. That the kind of advice we give here? If you want motivate from drugs, it would be M trend, Milburough. Oh yeah, there you go. That one, but no, you know, so sometimes it's just a case of change of things up a little bit. But I've never understood this mentality where people go to the gym on and on and on and on and on and just dislike it. Why you're torturing yourself like that? If you don't like something, then you're never going to commit to it or do it properly. So Ficement, you do like that gives you the benefit you're looking for. But at the same time, you can absolutely love bodybuilding and not love every workout of your life. We know. I think we all go through a stage where we think, fuck this shit, I'm going to go home and eat cake. I don't think there's a button on the planet hasn't gone to that point at some point. But that's usually short term. That usually only lasts, you know, a matter of a few weeks at the most. Whereas if you're being mum for mum for month, just like, you know, I don't really want to go. I'm not enjoying this. Why are you still torturing yourself doing that? Just find some of it different. Yeah, so he's only been feeling this way for the short time since he had gotten sick and so on. It's been four weeks that he came down with that sickness. And I will tell you, man, that sickness took me five years to bounce back from. And I'm still not back 100%. It was hard to feel a good groove again. It's been neat for me. Dave, I had to like, like, let go of my expectations of training. And I go back when I start losing motivation, I ask myself, like, what did I fall in love with bodybuilding for? I remind myself of like my early workouts and my parents' basement. And then I try to think about that going into the gym and having fun. And I might mean, like, you said, change things up, I might not even do my, maybe I think I know for me push pole legs. Just go to bed thinking that I need to do. And I need to beat this weight and all that. Dude, I might just do a bros split, you know, for the next week or two or whatever, just to get in there and get your body moving, get out what having had a positive experience, leaving glad that you went. And you will kind of rebuild that blunt force tanya said that motivation comes after momentum. I think that's true. You feel good. And then it reminds you like, oh, yeah, I'm going to go do that again. Well, the other thing as well is, are you deflated or demote if they had because you're comparing, say, performance from prior to illness to post? And you're just not there. Now, that's the case. I would really turn the workout on his head, so it's not comparable. Yeah. You know, so if you're a bench in 200 kilo before the illness and now you're an invention, one, 60, and that's really demoralizing you because life is strange, gone on week, then don't bench, use dumbbells. Or do a different format, so you can't compare. You see, Summa, check this out. He said, you can't think your way into a new way of thinking, but you can act your way into a new way of thinking. I would like this. Because I do think you can think you weren't a new way of actually, but I very much agree that if you intimidate an action, you will eventually believe in undo that action. If you, like, if you just like, if you just like, um, fake it till you make it, do you mean? A little bit, but not that extreme in what I mean in the sense is that if you go to the gym just like in this scenario, you just keep going to the gym eventually, you're going to get to the point where you're you're being productive and you're enjoying Summa. Or you should do. But, um, and if you start an action, so you do something as repetitive, it will then become part of your routine, it will become part of what you believe in and what you do and what is your, you know, your general structure. Yeah. But I do believe you can also cognitively program yourself if you put in a effort to behave in a different way as well. Yeah. Well, I hope that helps. Hey, one more thing, Dave. I just noticed something. I'm going to go back to our, uh, sprinter here. Check this out. So they said he wasn't untrained. Can you look at this picture for a minute and watch? I'm going to use our Think Big Body Building software here. Enhance. We enhance. Oh, yep. Enhance. Look at that shoulder. You think those that you think that those are, uh, injection marks for, I think that the B has, these, those are trademark, Dave. No, I think if anything that might be immunization marks, I think it was personally in my professional opinion as a podcaster. I think that those are the signs of trend abuse, well, sprinter. Okay. Right there. Okay. You choose not to agree with my professional opinion? I do. Is that what I'm understanding? It is. All right. Hey, what are you going on next? What's coming up? Pad course has got a couple of weeks to run. Then we're going to do a training online training seminar, which is only couple hours online training. You haven't done that before, have you? Yeah. So you simply part of pillars, but I was saying, don't really do the pillars anymore because nobody wants it. Uh, but a few people have asked to do the training section of that post the pet course. So I'm going to put one session on to going through training technique and by mechanics of that and everything. And then the next bad cool starts, middle trouble. Okay. How do people sign up for that if they're interested? Just contact us and make free socials. Okay. And I guess it's not that, oh, come to see me hang out at the Olympia guys. I'm going to be there now. I wasn't going to be there. And now I'm going to be there. In in Larktpart, thank you to you. Thank you to Patreon. Patreon is literally paying for the playing ticket, Dave. I thought to myself, you know what, man, the show is doing good. So Patreon can pay for you or trying to get. Yeah. The can't pay for a supercharger is that what you're going to say? Pro charger. Oh, sorry. Pro charger. Thank you. Seriously, I thought to do different things scoffews I thought to myself that with the show doing good, the best way that I could reinvest in it is to ask the live show. If it approach, I'll do. Yeah. I actually show up and be there to hang out with everybody who shows up to be able to meet us and someone hang out with the right-hand dusty. Yeah, it's not only that you mean about not letting the show contribute to this really seriously important life. People can people can't and have contributed to your pro charger. It's the fact that you waive it in my face. People have contributed to your pro charger funnet directly. The new have like 31 dollars from you on every week. The show that I support you and encourage you every week because you're such a dead weight. It's paying for you to go and hold not it at the Olympia with Ron and Dusty. Yeah. And I have to drive a slow truck. You have to drive in normal speed truck. It's what you're saying. That's the problem. Really normal speed. It's a bit quick in the normal speed. Okay. So you already have a little bit extra power. I honestly, Dave, I think that here's what I want to see. You deserve to take care of yourself. And I think that if we set up a little program for you. It's good to find like you can like you do your cardio every day for the next month. And then you're allowed to contribute to the pro charger fun. You know, something like that. Like, but first Dave has to meet his, his end of the bargain by doing his cardio. Dave has to meet his end of the bargain. What, you don't like this. You don't like having to put in work for your pro charger. Point out what we do is point it. We're going to try to get something special together for you guys next week. We'll see if it works out. Everybody who is in the academic fields is, you know, they, yeah, we'll see. We're going to do our best though. Check out Strong Sports Nutrition. We don't have a code over there. But you can use our code think over at Trinutrition.com for all your basic bodybuilding health supplements and and and performance supplements get great health stacks at strong supplement source.ca for Canadians. It's a great deal. It changed week to week Patriot. Thank you guys for your contribution to that. And thank you to, um, you've able to analysis for being part of our show. Dave, how's everything going to email nowadays? busy actually. Yeah. It's been busy. It's been good. Still still got a few little extra from the change over. But we're working for you. You did say you have more different tests available now. I'm just doing. Yeah. Oh, it's more yeah, including genetic market tests. Um, DNA testing, meth, meth, meth, DNA testing, which is the best. Okay. Balls of testing. Um, but also some intolerance testing as well. We've got available now as well. All right. I like that. And if they were to do DNA testing through you, that's private, privately owned versus if you do like I'd suggest guys if you go through like 23 and mean stuff like that, don't give them your real name because you don't own that information. And they have a record of your DNA on file for the rest of the time. So the meth late DNA we do is stuff like genetic cancer, market testing and things like that. That's great. A full a full DNA profile for every cancer we can do is 750 quid. Okay. It bloody expensive stuff. And it takes seven weeks. Well, that also tests for like cytokines, things like, uh, okay. So you can see like what your how your body breaks drugs down and things like that. There's there's also some that I say is quite broadspotion. Oh, yeah. Guys for another episode of the podcast leave us questions for the next show. We'll see you soon. Thanks Dave. I did it. Like there's some good, some good little cuts in some zooms in on your face. At certain key moments, zooms in on my face at the key moments. Makes it makes it fun Dave. And people agree people were like, hey, I like your guys. It's like honesty and your humility on the show. You guys aren't pretending to be something you're not, you know, trying to like talk all big and smoke, you know, blow smoke and smoke screen everybody. Don't we talk about them? A fucking god. You have to start seeing words like transmutation and let's talk a lot about the crab cycle today. It's a transmuggification. Transmuggification. Is that a real word? I have no idea. I'm just mad at the open piece of note. All right. Wanna if we have anybody with us? Let's see. And then I'll bring us in. Dave, I'm going to the Olympia at the end of next week. I think. Do I look like a cat? No, you don't actually look. I'm glad we've established that fact. Zionic is with us and Alexandria to of our normal viewers that hang out with us every time we go live. Do we have any issues with us? Do we have any normal viewers really? Dave, you nice to our listeners. Is anything normal about this show? No, no. If you're watching this show, there's probably something weird about you. Yeah. You're saying you don't quite right. I really. But that's just as much a reflection on us as it is you. Reflection on you. All right.