In the span of six weeks, it's taking 400 milligrams a day. I had lost 10 pounds of pure fat while doing zero cardio. Zero dieting. You don't want to inhibit myosin. You want to lower it. You don't want to inhibit activein, which is like the protein that has all of the major side effects of inhibiting myosin. I think that you are going to see people, and they're not necessarily juice up. They're just on these peptides and maybe TRT, and they look great. And I think that it's like you said it's going to happen. You're going to see a leaner version of America. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. Big round parlor here with Dusty Handsha, and the producer Scott McNally, remember to like, share, comment, subscribe, and ring the bell. There you go. Thank you Dusty. Remember I am mutant.com. Good. I am mutant.com. Get your hardcore ISO, get your mind FK, and everyone should get on the gear. Brian Moscow, the gorilla chemist. Back for our second round. Is this round two? Yeah. Not round three. Yeah. That's awesome, man. Me and Brian have talked many times about YouTube. We go back years, years. Yeah. Nothing to do in bodybuilding. I remember the first thing I met you. We stood at a booth, and I think we talked about music. In the show. In the show. Yeah. Yeah. The Yet of Biohazard. No, I was like, oh, it's funny. Yeah. You never want to get in those at the time. Yeah. I think you had purple hair at the time. I can't. Probably. You won't remember something weird. That's the only first met, and I knew who you were, just chatting away, but we talked about music for like, I think we talked about tool for a while. Yeah. I love tool. Yeah. So it's cool. I was like, oh, okay, that guy's, that guy's one of my people. Yeah. It's good to have you back, man. What have you been doing? What's going on with the grill economist? So recently, I became the Chief Science Officer for Biohazard. Which is a research and peptide company, right? So we do things that are, you know, not for human consumption is for research. Of course. And the laboratory might back it to a lot of research. Yeah. And it's a very cool company that they, they actually contacted me, and I was very hesitant about it at first, just because I didn't know that space enough. And I didn't trust that space enough because, you know, who knows what can happen in that world. And, um, but basically, there's a molecule called SLU PV332. I don't know if you guys heard of it. It's an exercise, man, man. Right? So it came out probably like two years ago. And read the studies on it. It was finally able to get some samples. Everyone's dosing it at like 200 micrograms or 250 micrograms. 500 micrograms, right? But I read the study and I'm like, okay, they injected rats with 50 migs per kilo, which is around 4 milligrams per kilo in humans, right? So if they're taking a 4 milligrams per kilo in an injection, even if the bioavailability, let's call it, you know, 20%, which I think it's slightly higher. It's based on the fact that it doesn't go through any of your CYP 450, which are what like, oxidized things, right? So considering that, um, I was like, okay, let me try. Let me try. I'm about 100 kilos. Let me try 400 milligrams. See what happens. So I did this for six weeks, right? I had just done a podcast with, um, Nile, right? You know, from the trend, trend. Transparent? Yeah. Yeah. So if you look at my face in that, in the reals, and then you look at my face now, or even when I posted that video, in the span of six weeks, it's taking 400 milligrams a day. I had lost 10 pounds of pure fat while doing zero cardio, zero dieting. Literally, I loved twizzlers, uh, cherry. Well, not the normal one. Love the cherry. I was eating twizzlers, uh, racist, love, Reese's, um, I, I, I eat carbs. I'm not a, I'm not afraid of carbs. Uh, and I was working out probably about 40 a week, not like crazy. But like, and I got, I don't ever train abs. I just, I had, but I'm not like, I'm not like diced abs. Yeah. Yeah. There's never, there's, they're not trained. But um, I just noticed after like three weeks, I'm like, there's something going on. Like, this is working. This is not like the, uh, GW crap, or like the SS, 90's or not. This is something different. So I made this post, and I was like, okay, this is what the dose of the injectable version is, right? So I took the oral dosing of the injectable once daily in the morning and got this like phenomenal. And I want to say, and I don't like digging credit for things, but I think I was the first person to really talk about high dose. You're the first person. Say the full name of it again. SLU-PP-332. You're the first person. I knew that it was dosing it like that. That's for sure. Yeah. I don't know. I just never saw anybody dosing it like that. So I was like, let's, let's see what happens. And you know me like, I only changed one variable at a time. So like I was just on a TRT dose. I'd know other chemicals besides that, right? Yeah. And I was like blown away by how strong this was. So I made this video. And then that had that, uh, they kind of reached out to me through, uh, one of their, the guy, that is the name is Matt Christ, uh, Chris Munis in charge of their affiliate program. He reached out to me. We started chatting. He's like, dude, Jay wants to talk to you. And I was like, okay, I don't know. And then, um, we had a Zoom call. Then they're like, this was like a Monday. And then they're like, bro, can you fly out to Ohio on Thursday? It's like, okay. And then that with everybody, um, very cool guys. Very, very strategic. I like everything they want to do. And they gave me a lot of, you know, freedom of what they want from me and ideas and stuff. And I was like, I think this is a good fit because now I'm not really restricted by like, to share, you know what I mean? Like, I don't have, these are all, you know, research stuff. So I have, I have things I can play around with. I think I can make like literally and just like, I supplement company. Right. Now we're research are only. And so like, I can, you know, to revitalize things that are out and like, you know, make that would be cool. Well, publications. Right. So like, so this example of this SLU stuff, right. Um, some companies are trying to sell it as like a li-offelized powder, right. But as zero zero solubility in water in the mice, these DMSL, right. And they're going to kill these mice in like, you know, three weeks or whatever. So nobody's worried. And plus they're using like 99.9% pure DMSL. And so people are trying to sell its powder and if you're reconstituted in water, it just sits there, just floats like zero zero solubility. So he's worth saying, well, let's, you know, once you just try and inject those, because it's not going to work. As I go use DMSL, I was like, no, first off, you have no idea how they make DMSL industrial grade. You know, you know, you know, but he hears ordering from sigma alder's DMSO, so that there's no impurities. There's a couple bad impurities that come from the large scale manufacturers. So I'm not injecting that into my body when I could just take this early, which I have done and know that it worked. Yeah. But I have some ideas about either to make it more water soluble or even make it like oil soluble with some alterations. So that's one of the things that I'm working on trying to get out of. Yeah, I was doing a little of that too. I was working with some solubility and some compounds in my kitchen. Yes. You know, the kid might alter a molecule later, but I got, Ron does runs to return. Yeah. Ron offers molecules all the time. I don't want to rest around. Yeah. Well, I finish it off. I finished it off. I finished it off. I finished it off. I got a question already. I, so you mentioned Brian that the SLU is not going through the sip 450 pathway. Can you, can you expand upon that a little bit, please? Everyone, what is that mean? What is that mean? Okay. So people are safety. Right. So see why people for these are called side of problems. And what they do is they have some type of oxygenase enzyme, where they oxidize a double bond. They add a hydroxy group. They add a ketone. They do something to metabolize the molecule. And then they go in further, sometimes to make like glucoronization, which adds a glucoron molecule to it to make it water-cylicy can pee it out. Yeah. So it doesn't go through that pathway. The major thing that I see from a chemistry point of view is there's a nitrogen double bond in the middle of the compound. Right. And if you know, if you know nothing about chemistry, nitrogen double bonds when they're connected are kind of unstable, because nitrogen loves to be free nitrogen. Loves to be nitrogen-tribal bond goes in the gas. Right. Loves that. That's how like explosions happen. And when you use nitrates and you form oxygen and then like, nitrogen just loves to break apart. So what I see happening is the your stomach acid in your digestive tract is probably breaking them all, killed down either at the night. And they're at the nitrogen, I keep to younger, but they're amnibond, like an amino acid, somewhere there or the actual nitrogen double bond. One of those who places has gotta be where it's broken down. But, I mean, again, I took it for six weeks orally and had these results. And then when I read the studies, they even mentioned in the study that it seems to have a longer lasting effect after you stop taking it. So this compound is making your mitochondrial more efficient. Oh, yeah. You're producing way more ATP. Your oxidase phosphorylation is working really, really well. Like, you know, crev cycle oxidase phosphorylation ATP. Like, you're cranking out energy, right? The main thing I noticed was a very slight elevation of body heat. And we're not talking like DMP body because you're not uncopling anything. You're making it actually more efficient. So that was like the biggest thing I noticed from the molecule. So if I had to guess about your original question, it's getting hydrolyzed at either that amnibond or that nitrogen-nibond, and that's where it comes from, breaking down. Okay. Yeah, I was just curious because I feel like I've been told, and I haven't had genetic testing to prove it, that I don't do well with things that break down through the CIP 450 pathway. That said, I do really good with SLU. In fact, I don't know if you guys know this Ron and Dusty, but you know, I've been making like a huge transformation for myself, just getting him back into shape this year. And SLU has been a big part of it. Like, I know you told me you were trying it out, but we haven't asked you about it since then, you know? And this whole test of landscape is so crazy now. Yeah, get this brand. So I've dealt in, for like the last five years with the long flu, we'll call it. So, you know, a lot of, you know, brain fog, chronic fatigue, stuff like that. And if I train really hard, it would really kick that up to the point where like, I'd have really weak stuff like not able to eat, you know? Like really foggy feeling, just terrible sleep, everything just went, you know, south. So I try SLU, and I'm able, I'm finding like every source, my energy, breathing has been an issue. I found it restored my breathing in for the first time in five years. And now I'm not dosing it like you have. I've been running it up to 500, which 500 mics, which I, I'll get back to that a second. But due to it, it literally has, I will say, transform my life like restored everything since I had gotten sick. On that dosing man, I feel like I get, I'm not going to say like, spun up, but I feel like I do really good with that small dose. And I'm like, my mind is blowing, and we talked a little bit about this on DM. But tell audience, like you didn't experience any negative sides or anything like that, right? No, I got blood work done before and after. And H.L. was was fine. LDL was was lower, fasting, glucose was lower. A1C was the same, which is still like in a good range of not bad. I'm like, I'm not pretty diabetic or anything like that. I mean, it didn't affect any of the normal thing. Lever ends on, we're fine because you know, it's not going through that way anyway. So everything was, Obama blood work was perfect. So I don't know, I can't see what mechanism of action it would have other than any time you mess with my, I'm going to take a picture personally of my conversations with me, they're completely different taking care of it. Right. Number two. How Do you get focused down, in a community setting settings, which is still disappearingYY to me is actually something which is one. Explain to us what reactive oxygen species is. So they are in some molecule with an oxygen on it, right? That is has an unpaired electron? Well, how is it happening? Oh, like what yeah, what? Just for like, yeah, try to remember who you're talking to. Okay, you got Ron and does it? Okay, let's see. So it's a paid part. Go. When you when you when your body is doing from like taking carbs to make ATP through the system that we call oxidative phosphorylation, there's a gradient that causes ATP synthase to work. And it has the protons on top, it has the electrons on the bottom and that potential energy difference is what drives that force. And so when you're going when you're producing more ATP, then you're getting electrons from the Krebs cycle, you know, and you guys know what NADH and FADH to are right. They're just electron carriers basically. So they get the electrons that are generated in the Krebs cycle and bring them to get that gradient, right? So sometimes these electrons get stolen or taken away by another free radical type species and then they become very reactive. And so they're they're very unstable, chemically. So they're trying to steal, maybe. They're trying to steal any type of hydrogen or something that is like on a cell wall or somewhere to make it. So that compound is in our stable because it's missing an electron that needs to for to be stable. So these are very highly reactive compounds. And they're very damaging, right? Just like free radical damage, these are called oxidative damage, right? They're very damaging to your endothelial system, to your brain, to your heart. Like just liver, tons of things where these species are just bad for you. So anytime your mitochondrial is trying to make more energy, you know, like if you're taking DNP for one example, your body creates these very harmful reactive species that literally are so reactive that like the first thing they come in contact with, they will just rip an electron off so that they are not reactive anymore. But then they leave something behind that is reactive. And that's where like this snowball effect kind of happened. And what could be like the say the real world effects of too much of this in our bodies of our OS? Like I said, um, endophelial effects, like blood flow, relaxation of our vasodilation, and if you can't see any damage, neuro damage, like because we're not selling, even like cell wall damage, you know, like every cell, you know, is a cell with like a wall made of different things, right? So if you imagine every time one of these species is plucking away against your cell, your cell's just going to lie set some point, right? And pulling a break out of a wall, everyone's in a wall. Exactly. Exactly. But like imagine doing okay. Yeah. If you're doing that a lot of any wall lots of everything. Great. You got brick going missing, boom, boom, boom. Yeah, exactly. So your cells just become very unstable and they can deteriorate very rapidly. So you're saying that's when there's an imbalance in mitochondria are making more energy than they're getting fed the product for. Is that kind of my laments? Or it's like a waste with, or is it more like a waste with a waste of the product? Yeah. It's a byproduct of the total reaction of, you know, making ATP. Right. So like even anytime you jack your ATP production in your mitochondria, you also have to think, well, others more free radicals, more byproduct of making energy. So it's not just 100% free ride. Oh, my mitochondria are just cranking. Right. Right. So yeah. So that's the one thing that I suggest people just be aware of. That there's something that, that you know, you can cause some type of damage for long periods of time. But I don't ever recommend people doing anything for a long period of time. Right. Yeah. So I wanted to, you know, that this peptides, everyone's talking about, I got normal people at the gym now. I got dudes that have never been to a bodybuilding show. They don't know what what trend is. They just, they hear kids, and they're like, hey, I need some of this BPC or my shoulder. I should get some of this TB or I should try this. Mont Sea. I heard it's great. Good morning. Instead of having so much caffeine and these these normal people now like this normie breakthrough with these peptides. And it's wild. Athletes like I know what guy was a golfer. He's never been to a gym. He's saying, hey, I should order some of this BPC to have a like this is, you know, really, you'll penetrate it, right? So help us, help us make some sense to this. And I'm wondering if you can start where I think it all began, which my first peptide memory was way back when we got hit with GHRP to GHRP 6, the Moralin, you know what I mean? I mean the C talking, like 95412 or B? 4,000,000, yeah, yeah, because I remember they used to sell like NGF. Yeah, that's the G8. So no one could get to growth BPC, the you know, generic Chinese kids back then. So the frag came out everyone was like, and then the IGFLR3, which I want to ask you about and all that stuff was like peptide city. What happened to all of those and are any of those first, I'll call them first gen for our right. I like that. Are any of those first gen peptides? What's their usefulness still? Or what do we know about them now? Are they still relevant? Some of them, yeah, I think they kind of read, I think they rebranded HGHF as AOD904. So there was a, some alteration to it, with a tire, with tiracene, I think, because it is just from what I understood, because I thought the same thing, that it was the exact same thing, and then one of our listeners mentioned that to me, and I looked. So it is that. Yeah, the one amino acid difference, right? Yeah, yeah. So like it's essentially that same molecule. But like as far as the growth hormone ones, it's come a long way, you know, secretive gags. I love that word. Yeah. I think CJC is still pretty popular 1295. I like the with that version, the drug affinity complex, I think that works. That made it long, long acting, right? It just made it, well, it already was long acting. CJC is a once to twice a week injection. But I remember some guys were like, with that, and some guys were like, without that, you know, there is this like, I know. I just like, a drink of a drug affinity complex as like the receptor. So say, let's look for an analogy. Let's call you Andrew and receptor. And let's call your CJC, the Andrewton, right? So if you add the DAC, the DAC is the part that fits in Andrew and receptor. So like, think of it that way for growth hormone, right? So now you have a growth hormone to critical that is has a special affinity towards the receptor versus not having. Okay. So it's kind of just like a guided missile type of system. I think I always tell Alex. I did. So I did. So I think that one's very prevalent. Apple more than people still use a lot. But they've come a long way, like you said with, um, as far as like BPC is probably everybody is on BPC and like TB 500 for injuries. These are like miracle working things. And then like, um, GHK copper, right? Yeah. Or they adapt one is is another miracle worker for like skin care, collagen, boosting, because it has the actual copper ion. And people are always funny because it's like, it's blue. It's like, why is it blue? It's like, it's fucking copper, too. And copper, too, is blue when you add it in water. So like, right, if you would, people don't know enough about peptides, but I went with biology with JK Kable over to London a couple of weeks ago to this, um, essentially like a, uh, not like an expo for people like in the peptide world and optimizing health and longevity, right? So all these people are genuinely interesting in like peptides, what's the future of peptides? What are they doing? How can they do it? And just listening to people talk and then, um, hearing the questions are asked, they're just a very educate like they really want to know what's going on. And I think peptides are like the the perfect blend of like things that your body is naturally doing and producing like BPC is is from your naturally produced in your gastrochryte, right? So like, we're not synthetically making, uh, this isn't something that's completely synthetic, because it's something that naturally occurs in your body, right? So these are like blending in a way your natural, what your body naturally heals with the, I don't, I hate the term like pharma, but it's like, you know, medically, yeah, like a, if a pharmaceutical grade version of Ronnie Coleman would put it, we've better technologies now. Yes. Remember? Oh, yes, I do it. So like I think, um, I think that that in the last like you said, uh, people that aren't even into body building or anything, that the, the, the word peptide, which people don't even know what that means, because peptide is really literally just two or more amino acids, covalent me bound together. Two, yeah, two or more. I mean, BPC is I think five, right? Super short. Um, and then, uh, just people, this word peptide just became a huge buzzword, and then there's clinics opening up, and the problem is that, uh, the FDA, you can't, you can't, you can't patting these things. So like, you know, the, the, the, you could patting these GLP ones, right, which they're making billions and billions of dollars on, but like, choosing a generic peptide, you can't patting it. So like that, that's what's going to happen is there's going to be this, I don't know, say, the word, but there's going to be this, this, um, issue between peptide companies and big pharma. Like, I've, I've seen it happen in my, very short span with bio long, jelly labs, um, with my count got flag three times last two weeks, for violating rules about talking about drugs, which I talked about drug, my every single time on the page, and I've always put for information purposes only, and I'm literally just talking about studies and they flagged all the, they post and stories and shit, like, they're like really cracking down this because on Instagram, on Instagram, yeah, it seems like they're going hard lately on Instagram. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, I was silent, I was connected with a while. They got, you know, stuff happened with them, and they had, you know, clothes and, and reopen and other companies. I know, so it's like, because this is a money grabber from pharma, like whoever's controlling meta or whatever is like flagging stuff, very, very hard. So, you know, they're just, we're just putting information out there, but yeah, to you like to your original question, I think peptides are very key for literally anyone. You don't have to be a buy-bill, and you don't have to be an athlete. If you have an injury, you can drastically drastically improve or cover time through combinations of, like you said, TB 500, BPC 157, some of the GHA, two ones like if I'm more a little bit of things like that, everything that accelerates healing in your body. What your body naturally does in general, you're just accelerating it. And so I've heard plenty of stories, including, you know, close friends, that have had, you know, pectares or injuries and things, and they do these protocols before their surgery after their surgery, and they're all their physicians and their PTs guys are, like, dude, what are you doing? Like, this is crazy. And so I just think, just had an injury in a shoulder and his physicians can't believe his situation now after doing what he did, you know? It was like a BPC TV type of thing. Yeah, it was kind of peptides and, you know, you did that. So they're seeing doctors are seeing it too. They're like, what the fuck do you do? Yeah, it's getting noticed because these these things work. We know they work. Yeah. So it's just the matter of, you know, can you sell them for human consumption? No. So you have to get around that. So yeah. So we got a lot of people that are, I don't want to say as dumb as us, but they're a huge, they're huge and like us. And this isn't a show. And like this is, this is great info. Like I'm loving this, but I want to make sure we do like a real layman breakdown of the main peptides so that everyone can like get like a, you know, a punch through for each one and just here like you're kind of basic summary of whether you think they're effective yet or they're not quite ready to do what they're supposed to do. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So it's just peptides, not research chemicals, right? Like not small all because just peptides. Yeah. Yeah. So it just throw a few at you and you let me know like, is this, is this one going to stay or is this going to get like, you know what I mean? What's going on? I used to like, IGF1, LR3 back in the day, back back in the day. And people would tell me it doesn't work, doesn't do anything, doesn't work. But I had a friend who was diabetic, he was on, he had a glucose monitor. He was actually worked as a clinician with diabetic patients. So he was very educated. He was super aware. He was the smartest diabetic bodybuilder I've ever, you know, been known. Great, you know, good bodybuilder got peeled like he knew a shit. Yeah. He said when he used LR3, he used half as much insulin that day. Insulin likes. So there was something going on. But what do you think it actually does is it valuable for a bodybuilder or is it just affecting his blood sugar when he says that? So I had this talk years ago with Patrick Romm who you guys, all every one of you guys know, he is going for the people that are under 30. Don't know who he is. He is the infamous slash most famous chemists in our industry. Patrick Romm. The godfather of pro hormones, you know, Introducing three, undetectable compounds at the time and the Olympics. Just like brilliant guy, he was the original chemist guy. And then so he and I talked. I was like, don't you need to, for I just worked, doesn't have to bind to like the binding protein three and he's like, yeah, that's what it thought. So like if you block it, the LR3 prevents it from binding to the binding protein three, right? That's what BP3 is right. It's just a way. Tactic like the, yeah, it just, yeah, it just can't chemically bind. They alter it with what to our genie or one of the amino acids. So it doesn't actually cope fit in the enzyme pocket. And so it floats around you by it's very, it's, it's in your system for a long time. Long acting. Yeah. Right. But I don't know. I don't think it is as effective for muscle building purposes as straight IGF because why would they have incorrect x as the trademark brand of IGF1 if LR3 worked better? Right. Yeah. That's a point. I don't see why they would do that. So like every clinic that that prescribed IGF1 is incorrect x as far as I know. Right. So I think that which is also has side effects of its own compared to like growth hormone that actually converts to IGF1. Because there's no checks and balances when you're taking straight IGF1 versus at some point, if you're taking like 30 IGFs of growth hormone today at some point your body is going to say, nope, this we have way too much. We're just going to stop the conversion of growth hormone into IGF1. And it just cuts it off. Like we'll just increase some out of step and we'll break it down and that's it. So when you when you take straight IGF1 you're completely bypassing that system, yeah, which is why it's so dangerous for like, you know, that's what meta-roll is hard. That's one of the reasons I stopped using it was meta was was talking at the time of boat how he wasn't fan theoretically of IGF1 and he wasn't saying not to take it, but he just thought, you know, I want to interrupt because I actually have a client I talked to Scott about this that was using growth has fears of health in general, which I love wants to make sure everything's in check. Then he came across some IGF1 LR3 wanted to look into that. I sent him a long spiel that Scott gave me breaking down exactly what you just said and his response was good, yeah, I'll definitely stop taking the growth. Now I want to start that IGF1. What? You must have heard it properly. I know he's going to listen to this and knows that you are very, very, very respected in this. In your opinion, what is the better route to take if you were going to take one of those and if you were worried about health, which is the one you would not do? I would much rather take growth from from a safety standpoint versus a straight IGF1. The correlation of IGF1 and cancer is a pretty strong correlation as you know, there's no checks and balances. You're injecting straight IGF, it's going to get to yourselves and it's going to make them grow. Your heart included. Tumers included. Growth hormone still has to convert the IGF1 to get the antibody effect. There still has to be something enzymatically going on in your body for that to happen. Right. So for this way, also sort of create a little bit of a time release effect compared to a wall of supers. Right. Yeah, because the half-life of IGF1, I believe is very, very short. Like 20 minutes. Minutes. Right. So that's why people were told to always pin it. In the muscle right if you work out kind of thing, where your satellite cells are going to recruit it and take it right up and that kind of thing. So the half-life is super, super short. So I wouldn't touch IGF1. Like IGF1 is just not something I'm interested in. And I've only used growth hormone twice and just because it's so expensive. And you know, every, I've only, and it's only farmer, like, I don't really trust any of these. Right. Like what? Chinese sources or whatever, related, whatever you call, I don't trust them at all. And I just know everybody will there. I've ever talked to whose use growth is like the eight to ten range is kind of like, where you see the results. Yeah. And not like the two to four, maybe for like longevity or skin or something like that, you know, getting to sure. That's a bit better. But like, yeah, but if you're looking for like the actual growth, like muscle building effects, I heard it doesn't take place until you get to like higher doses. And then, you know, if you're talking about, you know, Sarah's them, which is like what 18 I use a vial. So you're using like 30 much of vial in two days. And like that's what six or seven vials, right? And then you see, you know, you're talking about a few days where a week maybe for like 14 14 days out of a kit. Yeah. And they're like, that's five. All of it. All of it. I'm not a bit exactly what I used my entire career. Give him a dose. He gives you the timeline. But is am I right? Does he with the dosing like don't you need a higher so my experience was simple. Like I used to run for you, you know, really pretty much all the time. And then during a prep one year, we bumped it up to eight. And it was the first time in my career that my weight during the prep got down to like 256. And we started that at about eight weeks out and I competed at 270. I went up and like Chris was like, okay, you're really good at getting lean, but you suck it losing weight. Like, yeah, I just got harder and harder and just like the scale just started going the other way. And I mean, it was undeniable like for the worst genetics for shape and body building of me, all of a sudden muscle is round and 3D looking everywhere. And I was like, okay, so you got to double the expense to make this stuff work. And it was night and did you have any like insulin sensitivity issues? I didn't and the only the only thing I ever saw, which I always died as a hard, you're on little carbs. Yeah, I was barely eating food at this point, but hard to get resisted. The only thing I ever saw was my hands. I'd wake up at the middle of the night and have to like, yeah, shake the hands out because they're dead. But I mean, other than that, it was fantastic. And again, it was short, short, lived during that time. And then back down, but it was definitely undeniable. I was like, okay, four was like taking it because it was part of the plan. And it was like, okay, this is very, very different. What do you think? Just a quick, just a quick backtrack. Just one sentence. This is all I need. What do you think was happening with my buddy's blood sugar when he's like, yeah, I use less insulin if I use LR3. I don't know what's going on, but my insulin's dead uses down. If it's not attaching properly, is that LR3 eventually getting cleaved off and it's getting a little bit of something going on or what? Yeah, I mean, yeah, the LR3 does eventually you get light stuff and it does bind at some point. It's going to happen. But what I think, if I had to guess, is that because of, hold on, because of like the cascade of events that happen when you take something, you know, like, you have this out as in this out of the this out of what I think is that's a lot of it. I knew it. I knew it was going to happen. I saw it coming. Yeah, I think what happened is that because you have this insulin like, uh, growth factor that's in your body. It is also targeting kind of your, it's playing around with your insulin. So what could have been happening is it causing his body to release less insulin so that is getting because you say he was type two, you said, or type one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he was, yeah, he was using insulin. Yeah. Okay. So he's type one. So he had to use less, right? You said that's insulin. Yeah. Yeah. So in order to you body of teen units, I'm down to eight like you whatever. So yeah, it was probably working synergistically to, because obviously he can't produce his own insulin, but there is a pathway where they can interact and you could have some sort of insulin, like effect, which is probably what happened. If I get very interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What about, what about Mont Sea? Explain to us what Mont Sea is give us kind of the laments paragraph on that and what you think of that compound. So Mont, Mont Sea is another, um, mitochondrial efficient sea type of. So the same category as SLU in your mind for as far as what a body builder would use it for. This is yes, it's supposedly has some cognitive effects. I haven't tried it yet. I've got it. I've gotten the cognitive benefit, but I feel like I'm real sensitive to the mitochondrial enhancers given probably have some deficiencies. That said, for me, I definitely noticed it, but it was no SLU. I'll put it down. Yeah. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't classify it as an exercise memymic. I would say SLU is a true exercise memymic, like your body is mimicking exercise, where this is enhancing just your general efficiency of mitochondria. You're not like cranking out ATP like you are as if you were exercising, which is what SLU is doing. With the SLU exercise memymetic, um, I've read some stuff and heard some people talk about the concept of exercise memetics of various kinds because there could be a lot of different types. Do you still get, and I heard their answers, but I want your answer, with an exercise memymetic, do you still get the health benefits of exercise? Like do they see the memetic part, like doing the things that exercise does to us to make us healthier? Is there any carryover there? If I had to guess, I think as far as like cholesterol control glucose tolerance or glucose sensitivity improvement, I would say yes, but you're not going to sit on a couch and gain muscle if that's what you mean? No, no, I'm just talking about like health markers that they, you know, look at, yeah, they take an unhealthy person and they make them walk. And their markers all improve. Like is that memymetic going to move markers on someone? I think this one will. Like I said, I got my blood work done in my fasting glucose was down, my LDL was down, your um, small particle LDL, or which is like the dangerous ones, those go down as well. So the Apple B, APOB, is that it is? APOB? Isn't that isn't there a type of LDL called APOB, like APO-S-DASB? Oh, I'm blanking on the name. I just know them as like the small particle ones, like you have like your HTO, what am I talking about? Apple B, isn't that? I know what you're talking about, but I love Apple B's. Apple B's, you know, that's very bad for cholesterol. I can't tell you this. I'm starting to see guys finish their contest, props now, and we're doing labs right after, you know, everything. And we're talking guys that are, you know, running orals guy, you know, people that are doing the things you do in a contest prep. And, you know, for instance, Ron, UC summa, just finished a string of three shows, you know, did everything as we normally would do in his lab work, post-contest two weeks after the show looks better than ever. And, and it totally, I'm seeing that, you know, in multiple cases with lab work even in proving, it's kind of led to a question that we've kind of been thrown around in a couple of the other shows is, do you think Brian that this stuff is going to lead people to use more gear? Like, hey, I can get away with running a gram year-round now, you know what I mean? I mean, I've got my health, I'm not, I'm not. Yeah, I got it. I'm trying to get bad blood work now. Yeah, I mean, like I'm trying to get bad blood work, and I'm up to five grams a week. Yeah. I mean, as far as I know, I don't see any pathway of SLU preventing plaque buildup. Yeah, okay. That's the calcification. That's still going to be a thing. Now, we know that exercise, any right for that should. Yeah. And like we know vitamin K2 helps prevent calcification. We know natto kinase helps with dropping your lipids and with the preventing of plaque buildups, like that. So like, yeah, there's certain things that you can do, but I don't think that just because you're overall like blood general blood work is good, that doesn't mean that you're not going to have these consequences of taking large amounts of existence. Yeah. Yeah, because I think sometimes people just look at their labs and they're like, oh, my labs are perfect. So that means everything is good, you know, I'm healthy. That's a good point. What do you think if someone like, you know, I'm turning 50 in a couple of weeks? What do you look fucking great? You're 60. Really? I always, I thought we were the same agent, and I'm, you know, like I said, I'm 44, you look, I thought we were the same age for a lot of them. You don't even have this gray like I do. You're just only gray now. And I got six years less than him. I'm 44, too. Oh, it's a heraphyletic grow against words. What would be I already take nanocyanase and I already take vitamin K? I got a calcium score done last year or sorry, earlier this year, and it came out 0030. So I had a total score of 30 because you know, they give you four numbers and it was all zeros, but a 30. And so what can I do to just make sure that doesn't go up? I got nanocyanase, I got vitamin K. What other things would be smart? What else would you put on a list if you were? You know, just, you know, want to make sure that you take care of your arteries and you know, you pick, um, you pick one all? I would have said, yeah, I think you take you pick one all. You take, you take, uh, Arjuna extract? No, I don't know. I would look into Arjuna extract that that specifically is for like, um, left ventricle hypertrophy. I think it has more, more cardio-protective effects to that degree. Okay. Um, something that is not over the counter that that we're working on. Have you ever heard of the protein Clotho? No. So Clotho is a protein that you're buying naturally makes in the kidneys and tons and tons of health benefits. I want you guys to look into Scott, want you to look into this. All right, like a, just a little deep. It's okay. Okay. K-O-O-T-A. Yeah, K-O-O-T-H-O Clotho. Um, this is a protein that is right now being investigated for like the main thing is chronic kidney disease. But cardio-protective, uh, neuro-genitive protective, as far as like build up of like, uh, plaque in your brain like amolid, uh, beta-amolid plaques, uh, Alzheimer's, uh, vaso, uh, endophilia-oprotection. Like this is the overall health longevity type of protein and it decreases with time. Obviously, um, this, when you take it exogenously, it actually is one of the only things that I know that up regulates the expression of the natural protein rather than like having a negative feedback loop. So, um, what something we're normally, normally when you add something in your natural production goes down. Right. This actually causes deep to increase natural. So it's like so if you test and then your balls get bigger. Yeah, or like, yeah, if my body doesn't recognize, yeah. So something we're working on, I can't, I can't get into the details. All I can say is that we have a patent on a specific delivery system to this because there's a lot of people, other people are coming out with this stuff, uh, but they don't understand the how little you actually need to get results. Like, uh, like your body, I think max is out in like pico grams. Like that's how you measure the stuff, which is, I don't know if you know how small a pico grams. If a nano is 10, the negative nine, yeah, it's a nano is it's 10 to the negative nine pico is 10 to the negative 12. Okay. So, so it's a 2,000 7 nano is that would a pico? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's three or two metric kids. The metric system. Yeah, it's all based on the king's thumb. So the there's like, I already saw companies that are, they're selling, are there about to release this 10 milligrams of just the actual clothe protein, right? And let's go lifetime supply. But the problem is this will be one. It's way way too high. Two, it'll be gone in five hours because it literally your body's going to use it up and it's going to so much that it's, you're going to have like deleterious effects from taking it so much. And it's not, I don't know. I have to see like like the it's not easy protein to make. But I will say that the patent inversion that we have is something like that works selling in the microgram dose. And it is a twice once every two weeks shot. Okay. So this is going to be something that is in my opinion, so I got samples of this. And I would have taken it, but my father has chronic kidney diseases. Is kidneys are only working at like around 50%. Okay. Well, I gave him my 12 weeks of fly because I have his before blowwork. I want to see what does the M. E. S. 74, you know, every a couple of us at the company got samples. I know I chose to, you know, give it to him because I'd rather see what it does in someone who actually has issues because this is meant to do. So I'm actually I'm excited to see like the data. He's only taken the one shot. So and it's every two weeks that he takes this. So, um, a sense of I'm going to wait for this whole 12 week to get his blood work done and see what happens. But that's something I would look into in the next coming months that people are going to start producing. Just remember that it's going to be most people are going to have an expensive and they're not going to have the right dosing and they're definitely not going to have the patent that we have because our patents belongs to the guy who's making it. So yeah, I'll I'll I'll keep you guys up to date when when that stuff's coming on for sure. I've got another hot one on my list that I don't hear many people talk about, but I went down a few rabbit holes and I actually bought some and I have it my fridge. But I'm okay. I don't know, Shai wait and see if the research paper comes out about this or something. I got a couple to bring up right here. You're here. You're the research paper. So okay. What is going on with a pithalon or a pit halon or whatever you call it? The telemere one. Do you know about this telemere? Yeah, you long gator. Yeah, I think I said yeah a pithalon EPITALON. Yeah, some people still have a pithalon. Yeah, whatever. Yeah, I think that if it's going to have a very good effect on longevity. If you're just looking for, so it does what it says on the tin, it helps with health care. Yeah. And I think it also helps with like, it's called senesis when you get rid of like old cells that are dead, like kind of dead or you don't need them. I think it's called senesis. Basically, it's program death of cells that are not working anymore. I think it does that. I have not tried this personally, but I think it's definitely one of those compounds that if you're looking in the anti-aging longevity biohacking community. I think it's one of the ones that's worth trying for like you said for telemere length. And it's especially preventing shortening of telemere, but actually increasing length of telemere. Now, I was telling some of the other day we were talking about when we're going to die. You know, just typical to have to go on. What do you think? Yeah. Just just like, well, I already tried a Wednesday and it didn't take. That was no good. So yeah. But you know, we're talking about telemere extension. And for those of you that don't know, it's the, you know, the little caps on the end of the DNA strand, right? And, you know, you get a, if your telemere's get worn off or whatever, shorter shorter, you get bad photo copies of bad photo copies of bad photo copies. And you get older. Yeah. So essentially what aging is is your telemere's just not quite copying perfectly. At the time, right? Yeah. You're not replicating your DNA. Exactly. Yeah. So if a pitalon is supposed to stop that shortening of your telemere's or hinders. Yes. You know, yeah. Possibly even lengthen them. Is that even the hope or one day I there? I think so. Like I said, I haven't tried it. And I haven't dug into it yet. I mean, I'm I'm starting to think of aging now. So 44. I found a forum. It was a normal person forum, a normie forum. They didn't know it. They didn't know who was. Yeah. They didn't know who the Olympia was going to be this year. Yeah. Yeah. They don't know that Heidi got his visa. Yeah. Right. They don't not think of this world. And they were talking about life extension of their dogs through a pitalon. Oh, yeah. Working out body weight dosing based on what people were taking because I rich people are using this stuff. Yeah. No, they're like Hollywood people are using a pitalon and like it's yeah. So I'm you know, I'm just wondering if you know, is it going to be like kind of common go out to five years or is it going to be like, oh shit, this might be like my dogs 20 years old now. What's going on? Like I need that. I think I think I think I think that that is going to be an application. It's already an application as far as people using BPC and TB on their dogs for like healing and stuff like that. So I can't I can't see why people wouldn't do it on their dogs. I mean, you remember Christina, if that I always bring to the Olympia, right? So she's 12. So the 13 in January, I mean, she just had to check out everything's great. So she's I'm excited. But like I have no qualms like morally doing something like that to my dog if it's going to extend their life and make her healthy. So I think that the problem is like you said most people don't know how to convert doses. And so like there is you could Google a calculator to do it and it just it just has to do with your surface area and body weight and then what type of animal you are. And there's like a formula and it's not that hard, but you can convert it from a human dose to a or vice versa. Like when with like we talked about SLU, I took the mouse dose divided it by 12.3. Got the human dose and which turned out to be 4.06 milligrams per kilogram. So like you could figure it out. What did you divide it like 12.3? Because that's because it has to do with like I said surface area and body mass. So like the way the formula, the way that you that you convert things, the conversion factor in this case from rat from mice to a human is 12.3. If it's rat, it's actually 6.2. If it's dog, I don't know the exact number. But the numbers change whatever this is. Yeah, okay. So you can look up you mean like there's a, yeah there's a chart there. You can even get a calculator like it's not just lightweight. It's also surface area. Well, it's the surface area that gets you the per the milligram per kilo and then you get that and then you just multiply it by the kilo of the weight to get the dose. Okay. The funny thing about some drugs like people don't realize not everything is just pure body weight like Benadrill for example. If I take a Benadrill tab, I'll get tired and one out of a nap. But if you give Benadrill to your dog, you can give it like a half a tab. Yeah, sorry fine. And until we find, we're like that's almost a human dose. It's, I mean, what like the difference is, um, obviously we all have different ways of metabolites. Yeah, yeah, it's not the same. Yeah. Because I personally can't Benadrill doesn't do anything to me. I have extreme insomnia and like I went, I was, I had the same sleeping gap through now since 2018. And I take the strongest of the sleeping nets that they can prescribe and, uh, and they still, or I still have to alternate to sleep. Um, my ex could take one Benadrill and we used to call it Benadrill because she was just like, I think Benadrill get loopy and then pass out and I could take, I don't know, I think I've taken like six before and it didn't do anything to me. Oh, wow. I used to give Christina one, uh, before she would fly at first before she got flying. Um, and I've given her as much as two and she weighs 25 pounds. So that's not a whole lot, uh, to give her 50 milligrams of Benadrill. It's just the way they metabolize stuff. Yeah, it's interesting. Hey, I got a couple more to that. Oh, yeah, yeah, we'll make sure we bring up. What about, SS31, while we're, before I do far away from the mitochondrial stuff. And then I bet everybody at home wants to hear about all the GLP stuff that's happening because I feel like that's on the lads and that's a huge, you know, I think huge factor is to why, you know, everything's gotten so popular in the research space. But yeah, SS31, what do you think about that one? I think it's a great my conduit efficiency one. And I think you could, if you take that with SLU, I think it's a great combination. A lot of people that we deal with take those two in combination as far as, it gives it. Yes, what was it? 38 SS31 31 not to be confused with the SS from 1939 different. Clearly different things. Like, yeah, uniforms. You go Moss at his back. You go, right? Yeah, exactly. He peeked in the big of a, peeked in about 39, 40. Yeah. Yeah. There's a people missing this joke that hurts my feelings. I know the first Jan Fabrix were the best. Taylor actually real fabric. They were like a Chinese shit. But SS31 is great. I think that taking that with SLU is a great combination for mitochondrial function. I think SS31 is better than not see for mitochondrial efficiency. I don't know. I don't think it has like the neuro effect that we get. You talked about Scott. We get from Moss. He doesn't think it has that. I just think it's more of the efficiency of your mitochondrial producing more ATP and overall healthier versions of mitochondrial versus damage. Yeah. Yeah. It's just so what I had heard and that's what I'm doing now. Once I, you know, the last I think eight weeks or so I started combining the two. Yeah. So from what I understand there is supposed to be benefit for cleaning up ROS. Is that, do you know have you heard anything about that? I haven't done a deep, deep dive because I haven't taken it. I mean, there's so many things that I'm still learning in this in this space because it literally, it seems to me, literally feels like there's new stuff coming all the time and I've been focusing more on like special projects that like something that peaks my interest. Yeah. But the SS31's been around for a while or not a while. I mean, at least a year or so that people have been experimenting with. So I do, I do think it has that potential to help like what you're talking about is with protective like that's why people are stacking them together. Yeah. Yeah. I still think you need some type of like one of the projects I am currently working on is mitochondrial specifically targeted antioxidants and there's a few of them. Okay. So like I'm digging deep in like trying to source stuff, some of the stuff I can't source some of it. I can some of it. I might have to make because we actually have this lab, the other chemist I saw, has a lab in China. So I was we were literally just talking where we were meeting up in Vegas at the Olympia, which is when I'm going to get more of that cloak though for me to try and um and for me. And both like we're talking about when I can go to China to get into the lab and like you know that be wild here. But like I have to get a visa and you have to go to a Chinese embassy and there's only like there's one in DC LA in New York. I think it's it. You have physically go there and like so plus the fact that I hate flying and I just flew to London which is like an eight-hour flight and I flew to Australia, but right in like 20 to 40 years which was like 19 hours and I told my doctor I was like I need whatever it is I need more of it. And so like my doctor took a game. Gamey. Gamey was a prescription for some more like Xanix type molecules and so like I had to take that and um to sleep and I wanted to actually sleep in for a lot of the flight because I was so I get so claustrophobic on flying but um going to China to get this stuff done because like we have so many of the ideas and like some of them you know we just I know how to do it. I can't just go in my lab at school and they're like hey I'm gonna make this and then let me test it and that's what I'm like yeah they don't like that. No they they don't like you spending school funds on private projects apparently so but but like something I was trying to sort two things I'm trying to source one of them which has a cast number so I know they make it okay our source and guy couldn't find it I'm like we can make this like there's it's there somebody's got to be mass producing this stuff and the other one that was super expensive and it's a fucking like one or two step reaction that is a 93% yield I'm like dude this other chemist and I can do this over the weekend we're gonna we're gonna do this like I'm not waiting I'm not paying you know four dollars a gram for this stuff that is a one step fucking reaction to do that that if you took if you got if you were a chemistry major made into like order to lab you could probably make this molecule like that's how simple right that's why this is just like what one of the things we're working on is like these specifically targeted and it's out since for your mitochondria to protect them not just general antioxidants like we talked about like you don't fooler in and pomegranate shell like stuff that actually hits your mitochondria specifically. Have you and now in that realm with mitochondrial protection have you guys looked at all because I know it very little about it I have done a little bit of reading about carbon 60 c60 yeah fullerine yeah I don't know very much about that is that something you and this is just kind of now I'm asking just a personal question and I guess everybody else is interested too but yes that's something you would recommend yeah so like fullerine is the coolest thing about it or one of the coolest things about it is it has it could take on six free radicals with per one molecule so like vitamin C is one to one most of them are one to one like you have you give up one electron it pairs with the other and it gets rid of that free radical but like this can do six. Ah okay so that that's like the main benefit of it is that you're getting six free radicals per one molecule of carbon 60. Okay cool so that's why I like and the dose is in crazy like what I'm looking at is I mean higher than and so it is most people don't know it's a powder people think it's a liquid because it comes in like avocado oils or mct oil yeah I've got it in oil form I just grabbed it because I couldn't even remember what it was called I hadn't thought about it for like a month now so yeah but like the way they dilute it in order to get like the dose you need it's like almost a full bottle so like I just I just went with the powder I was like let's just get the 99% black charcoal looking powder and use that. Okay so that's where we're working on. I want to bring us around to the big one which is all the heat up heat stuff so we've got a ozampic we've got the what's the second one. Two zepr tied right upside and then of course reddit she's like three or whatever came in. Yeah so for our purposes ozampic and that trezeptide they're they're done. They're done. There's all the places there's no like they're out of the discussion for bodybuilding it's reddit reddit is that what's going on for bodybuilding yeah specifically like general public people obviously people are still using these a lot and but you could tell like the eels and big face and the sagging and the muscle was like everything I've ever seen is is close to 5050 muscle fat loss in the the glp ones of ozampic is that just because the appetite suppression is so severe that they lose muscles it's it actually like kind of ball it's I think it's a combination of one you're not eating two you're not eating protein three you're not lifting weights yeah right so your muscles aren't doing anything you're gonna burn muscle before you burn fat anyways but the other thing people don't talk about is it slows motility right that's what kind of makes you not hungry yeah what happens when you have a steak that is now sitting in stomach acid and not getting the protein get further destroyed and what's what else what else is in steak fat bacteria iron okay yeah so you're talking about like rotting meat which has metals in it rather like iron and and other things are eating have heavy metals and it's just sitting in your stomach not getting broken down and so it's either getting to your you know digestive tract where things can just leak out because it's not being broken down and you're not expelling it in any way or it's you know releasing toxins that are going to your liver and kidneys and all he seems to like you got to put in your gut because it's slow down yeah exactly and so like I don't think I think that is more unhealthy than losing muscle I mean I'd rather lose some muscle than have they're just sitting in need for two or three days because you know I hear lots of constipation issues with these drugs because you're slowing down the till movement of them so I don't know there's nothing for me so like that turns every time I just posted yesterday that they were big farmers plan to like stop the muscle wasting was to add a milestone in the other but they just got canceled before they even started so like there was two different ones one was to turn that to hide and but they were using two different miles to add in the rivers right but you don't want to inhibit miles that you want to lower you don't want to hit it and you don't want to inhibit active in which is like the protein that has all of the major side effects of inhibiting miles that and so after spending $1.9 billion to acquire this drug they shut down the trial like this week or last week so like their answer to muscle loss was not exercising and or was to let's add another drug which by the way is an intravenous injection it's not in my amours and I'll say so imagine you have to go to the doctor's office and lie in injection they're like let's fucking pin you in your vein with a miles that inhibitor that causing issues like they're just adding you're adding a problem to another problem to like another problem that's an option so like with the thing with red apparently and I'll give you my experience in a second lots of people love this stuff um it to advertise a present is not as pronounced and then obviously we're talking about hitting three different receptors instead of just the one or the two and so increasing your metabolism is one controlling blood glucose levels is another so you do see a lot of body composition stuff and you don't see a lot of the muscle wasting effects from compared to it and obviously even in the fitness world you're also working out and taking things that prevent muscle loss anyways so I know a lot of competitors that use it now after like three years of people talking about this I got some stuff to try and the study dose the lowest study dose is 2.5 milligrams a week right and they go all the way up to 12 I talked to somebody voters and they're like you know we take small doses twice a week three times a week whatever right so and then okay let me start at 200 micrograms which you know you know the thing which is literally orders of magnitude lower than the study dose I took that on Sunday by Tuesday I was just felt full really I there isn't adjustment period from from my understanding there's an adjustment period to all these GLP1 but yeah I already have problems getting full easily my appetite is completely dependent on if I'm working out or not and sometimes I can eat a lot of food and sometimes I cannot and I just noticed that every time I was eating I would have to eat less and less food and I was still feeling uncomfortable so like then like so that's Sunday Tuesday comes around I took another 200 micrograms so not 400 micrograms like keep in mind 2.5 milligrams low doses study the next day was terrible I was like wow I'm like I am like this close away from stopping my whole goal was to see is this can this be used as a nutrient partitioning agent at low low doses yeah this wasn't to let leaner yeah this wasn't for me yeah this wasn't a weight loss thing like I'm by no means in my fat but I know means I'm not like diced but I'm not like I'm not a fat and I'm not trying to you know lose weight I'm trying to see if I can get nutrients into my body like a fish a partitions into my body right and then so after all these things I was like okay let me cut the dosed in half and so I took on third Friday 100 micrograms okay and then that night I just felt like shit I'm like okay I'm going to the Olympia in like I actually am going early I think I get flight I think I get better like the fifth and I'm staying I think took the 14th because we're doing a lot of filming for the stocky mentoring on peptides actually for the peptides society which is okay so I'm just like I'm not dealing with this in Vegas that is not the time where I want to feel distended and full someone take you to a nice steak house and you're like yeah this have a day yeah exactly like I just don't want to feel away so I stopped I stopped that experiment it's on pause right now because I I just I can't after feeling the way did I don't even want to touch this stuff I really want to see how well it works because everybody is loving it everybody do they ever talk to you it's like this is amazing stuff it's for me I did the good same thing yeah really I did everything oh you can tell these doses I threw it away because went on a trip with some friends he made the best primary but I've ever had my life and I got down like four ounces oh and I was like and you were doing this same thing like micrograms microdust microdust I was doing three a week I was at 250 and I also took me and I'm curious about this with you it took like a week or more for it to come back to where I could just eat normal like I'd have eight ounces of ground beef and 200 grams of rice and stop halfway through I can't eat it oh I'm not I'm not back I'm not back I literally what today's Monday I took my last shot Friday yeah so I think you can see it'll be about a week it was like it was a little over a week before I could eat food again I'm like I don't know how you guys are doing this and I mean I'm retired I eat four meals a day in a bar I couldn't do it I would consider you guys rare I started the same way and I think I started with 250 and 250 micrograms and I was like I'm just gonna try to number one spend as little money as possible right like get the most out of the least and I got nothing from it so I bumped it up bumped it up I'm doing close to two like it's basically two milligrams every eight days so I do a milligrams twice a week and like I'm golden and I'm one of those guys too like I'm the first person that's ready to stop eating my appetite goes away super so I was super worried about that I have seen it with a client of mine that I had similar issues like appetite just got zapped even on a micro dose so you guys are out there I don't know what it is right I've got some in my fridge and I'm like I already only eat four meals a day you're gonna be down this side I just wanted to try it you know like you know I'll contest people asking about it you know and you know that's why did I just wanted to be able to talk to my client I like first that hand like knowledge like reading something's one thing but experiences another and I was like I don't know I'm on the other under the spectrum I'm I'm warning yeah I can't have that I need you to gain weight like you do whatever you're with me I know well I'm white this morning does yeah yeah I just I I did exact same reason I try like I always will try something every eating I think discover and like from supplements whatever I'm like if I think this is cool like I'm gonna try it so that I know what it feels like and I can give my story of okay this is what the study said this is my experience with it so yeah from yours you know science background looking at what you see the real evidence for what is your Wolverine stack it's BPC with TB with everyone says I've had people recommend the copper the GPU to me for the Wolverine stack yeah what else would you say or would you say it's not as important if it's just injury recovery like I it definitely can't hurt as far as I it's college and two right the skin yeah yeah there's also we have a product called cardalax or cardamax sorry and it's an increasing cardalage producing so that's another one that that I would look into as far as like the Wolverine stack I mean it's so funny they that they use that and they're not getting like marvel letters suing them yeah yeah I mean I'm assuming they have lawyers everywhere yeah Disney so well it's not like they tried to use the kiss logo I mean no one will come after you like kiss oh yeah I do I think that the when I first heard then I thought it was funny and then my brain immediately went to okay these are peptides that you have to take all the time and they're working can you use something like an adenoviral vector and these compounds to infect yourselves to like epigenetically change your healing abilities and I was like that would be a cool thing to try it's in town epigenetic I think that would be like a real Wolverine type thing I don't know I don't know genetics like i'm not geneticist i don't claim to be one but I think it would be cool because if you remember like the the original milestone hit it like the ace 08 3 I think it was like from way back in like we're talking about it almost 10 years ago maybe the reason that one worked was because it was a viral vector injection right so it actually it devires infected yourselves and decrease the expression of milestone so that's why it actually did work in the in the human trial so like out my my theory was like okay if you're taking something your body's going to try to bring it down if you get your cells infected with something that is deep down regulating expression look what now who knows maybe something cool could happen maybe could become Wolverine maybe if we had intimate adenovative you need to survive the transformation I don't know that's just like where my mind goes when I hear these things but like yeah the I think the the TV and the BBC for sure are so it must so in other words taking the taking the compound is cool but I bet even cooler for your cells just made it yeah I mean the cells do make this stuff like what would but like if you can get them to like fully express it just cringy I think that would be even cooler but would you include anything else honorable mention just obviously what about just the straight HGH on top of that yeah I would think some of the like you I mean besides HHH but even like like the epimoralan or the some small islands CJC I think any of the the secret of thoughts would be worth adding into as well you're not going to go wrong by adding a a he a growth factor in there to help healing right what what doses do you think are actually recommended for BPC and TB 500 a standard sort of generic one that everyone does is that you know two grams of TB twice a week and 500 to a thousand BPC a day but then you hear these guys with big injuries or like I cranked you know bottle of each yeah two days for you know or whatever I'm here in that now too I'm here in 10 milligrams a day stuff like that guys you see you know like what I don't think you're be doing I don't think your body can like take that bowl of some out I don't like maybe if you're doing 10 milligrams a day split up into like four or five doses means like that but not a bowl is one shot of 10 I can't see that happening I'll I'd spoke to you guys know Dom Zuka the coach so you we last night we did a live with him and and he was told us about his injury and what he was doing with his healing stack was you know splitting up those higher doses into three different like first thing in the morning afternoon and before bed type of thing okay so if like you said the standard TB is usually like twice a week you could probably go to like two and a million grams twice a week you could probably do five milligrams twice a week I can't see I can't see a a deleterious effect of that your body might not use it all so who knows but like I said I think splitting them up would be way more effective than a bowl of toast and how should people think of because you know like every time I read a description or you know I'm reading about BPC and it's like the the full explanation of what it does how would you layman term one sentence to a body builder what BPC versus TB 500 what what would you class like tell us your classifications and their jobs BPC increases angio genesis which is the increase of red not red blood cells red blood vessels sorry red blood that love that's right capillary relation right yeah right yeah so like the difference between actually making that versus TB which I think is just accelerating the healing process but it's not actually doing the angio genesis part of it you're not making the blood vessels I think there's just like a synergistic effect run not a hundred percent sure on like why the TV 500 mechanism is like I think it's more of the what he calls like it does help with like blood vessels but like if it gets more of the anti anti what he calls anti inflammatory right it's not happened in the most in beta 4 whatever right like I don't yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I think it's more about the anti and inflammatory properties with that right yeah the increasing of like blood that does both but I think BPC is more common for that right and and like you said the most people the thousand to like or sorry the 500 to a thousand microgram is a great starting dose I think if you actually have like a true injury you could probably bump those doses up but again I would recommend splitting them down instead of just taking one giant dose I think that's just that would be a waste yeah I've seen that what about the you know I've seen studies where they drank it drank BPC and it got through the astros system and yeah and also like the whole idea everyone's saying you got a locally inject this stuff I just don't believe that it doesn't make any sense to me it's it's it's systemic to so like the oral biovillability like a general group rule well here's the here's the general rule thumb like eight or less amino acids is usually okay to get in your system oh BPC is five right I never heard so for so the short change more likely shorter check yeah I mean you have certain transporters for like you know like like Lucy and Lucy in the die peptide that like and and B makes right there's a transporter for like die peptides and tripeptides so I think the actual hydrolysis is the bigger molecules they're the ones that get broken down way more easily than the shorter chain ones so like from what I understand eight or less is kind of where we want for something and not to mention that BPC is one made in your gastric tripe 2 was made for gut health wasn't really made for like healing but I I take it every day for the stomach issues because of I've had like GI issues for a long time and I think it's helping me along with um there's another research compound like always blank on the name it's like La Raza Tide I believe you guys heard of La Raza Tide yeah yes it's a it's another small molecule class but it's it's uh been researched as like helping with celiac right yeah because I know the BPC guys are doing for Crohn's and Colitis or yeah exactly so this is a small molecule that they've researched for like celiacs and I think I think that because gluten is not just in wheat right gluten is a class of proteins that's in lots of stuff rice you know so gluten is like not just in wheat it is a protein that can be found in a bunch of things I think that when I took my allergy test for gluten was not correct so I think I might have some type of gluten in in Tolens out I didn't test positive for celiac but since I started taking this product until the reddit trial my stomach has been a lot better and then I started taking reddit and I'm like okay this is never this is the worst decision that I could in a long time for my stomach so um this uh these these these these new small molecules are I look very promising as far as for like people who have celiacs and are looking for because like instead of paying all the money for like gluten food which gluten sorry gluten free food which I don't know like I'm not a huge fan of like making food in a lab I don't know you know how you're like these like the we were in London and there was a steak sandwich place that had a 3d printed steak which I saw purely like vegetarian I'm like what do you what is this being made out of that year but it was what it was vegetarian it wasn't synthetic beef no no no that's something different and I have bigger issues I have issues with that as well like what like yes you can like we all know we can make proteins and labs and and we can grow organs and stuff like that we know we've I would have that technology why do we need to make artificial me I just I don't I don't know the process yet so I have to dig deeper into it but I don't think that I can't imagine that is as good for you I don't I don't unless it's completely bioregentable which it could be I don't know I just can't imagine that it can be you know as healthy as eating a natural source of food I just can't see that yeah but yeah looking to the I think it's called Lauraz at time I think I I would look into those compounds for like stomach issues and and KPV is another one which works really well for stomach oh okay so these are all just the initials of amino acids like that so like K is lysine V is of valine P is proline so that's how they come up with these names like GHK you know it's just like the names of the single amino acids and the C was obviously covered that well if you would know but keep it simple yeah because like so BBC is not BBC is actually us approaching that it was named after but a lot of the peptides are just the amino acid the one letter amino acid nickname it's so like so self explanatory yeah hilarious and then is the number like the number of amino's in the chain it's like that simple like K and I like for just sometimes like like for like BBC one five seven no because it's a specific thing but like when you talk we talk about HH frag which was specifically listed what was at one seven yeah it was like to one 91 it was like 18 I mean I had something like that it was a very end of the chain yeah but so some of them can be name like that but that's how these are and then like we talk about C U is for copper so like there are people that don't know that and then that blows my mind too which obviously is you know it's not English it comes from like Kubrick which is you know Latin but I mean it's still copper like it's on the periodic table like I don't know copper is something that's so common I would think people could figure out C U is copper but again nope I didn't know I'd have assumed anyone knew that because I just don't have faith in it don't have faith yeah I mean I thought the the education system in Canada is better than at least you go to the metric system. I don't know about that right now that's the questionable stuff so what where is this all going what do you see like 10 years from now because I I remember I often think about this I had an old bodybuilding friend and he said he said yeah he said you're lucky you got the best era when bodybuilding was special and there will come a day when it's not special at all and I went what do you mean and he goes the drugs you take have dangers and side effects and eventually they'll get drugs that just make everyone healthier and then they'll be no risk and then you can take as much as you want and then body buildings not cool anymore because it's over with and everyone can look however they want and everyone can get ripped and everyone can get bigger and I was like oh fuck that's my day. Yeah I think I mean we've seen it already in like LA right with actors doing these crazy transformations and staying on like growth hormone and going to these anti-aging clinics and you know you guys like Tom Cruise is a 60 or something. Yes you see him sprint he sprints like a 26 year old man. I just heard this story on a podcast that when he was doing his stunt training for like one of the new mission possible he's like I guess hanging on a building. He does all of that. Yeah so instead of like getting off the building between takes he trained his forearms by doing pull-ups so that he would have the strength I'll just stay on the building during takes and so like he has a gymnast house and someone comes over and they start talking he's like he's the key to 80 pull-ups. He's 60 years old and he granted he's like a shorter guy but 80 pull-ups can you do 80 that's wild. I'm sorry. Yeah so I mean and then you you see like transformations like Chris Hemsworth right like yeah. If that guy did not juice like I I don't even I can't I'm not gonna call bullshit but I had I mean he was a skinny your guy super lean but like a skinny your guy and to get jack to play Thor you know like the way he did and look as good as he did he just doesn't look it doesn't look natural I mean I just think that I heard a tell the story too. He did look I mean dude I remember when it thought come out like 2012 11 10 some like yeah but I remember it was like right when I got into grad school and I was like it was like inspiring to go to the gym I was like dude Thor's jack I want Jack like Thor. Just because I mean so I think with sense of your question we have all this stuff like already in the works for like anti-aging and things like that and then now if you're talking about people trying to break that you know that magical 300 pound marker whatever the the milestone angle right now with what's going on isn't the way but we may or may not have something in the works that is something patented that can increase fallestatin which in a controlled way to reduce miles that and so like there's there are ways to do this without messing with active and so like that's something that is interesting to me right if the the data that I've seen so far in the in the mice is really really good and the guy who I talked to about this is taking it um let's just say he's old he's old enough to be my dad and he gained like four and a half kilos in like a month or something crazy nice so like right so like this thing works so so what I'm doing is I'm getting an Eliza miles statin test done to see what my baseline is because I'm right and that's not an easy test to just go to the doctor you have to like ask yet this boy right so I think it has done and then I have some samples of this stuff may or may not have some samples of this stuff and we're going to see what happens I think I think that and then you know the the days of making steroids are over I mean like we've kind of come across everything you're going to come across yeah they're not there's not going to be any new molecules in that there's no energy being put into creating those right you know I think completely moved elsewhere right like and then even sarms are like a dying thing they they have it made a sarm that really works and and sarms are are having all types of issues with you know LDL the same issues that testosterone's having which we know we have 20 years studies on testosterone we have we have what a few years studies on sarm 10 years they've been around maybe or whatever yeah so I don't think that's the route it's got to be in the other hormones that build muscle that's the only other thing I can think of as far as like you know we talked about like a real miles statin blocker or decreasing the expression of is one way and then everything else I just don't see a new brand new molecule coming out that's going to change a physique forever like you know they like we talked about redda and body building helping dieting make me easier and things like that if you're you know can here appetite suppressants you're not eating as much and you're it's affecting like the way you're about using insulin and all these things but like I don't think there's going to be some magic compound that comes on anytime soon to to just make you a freak of nature like you know like a running Coleman type physique right just born that way and yeah stuff I just can't see it right now I'm sort of thinking I'm sort of thinking along the lines of like a lot more people looking like huge acumen or Chris Helmsworth like oh you're just being way more attainable like I'm on this redda and I'm on this this one peptide that does this you know grow it yeah yeah put on 20 pounds of muscle I mean great you know we talked about we talked about we talked about when we you know the late 2000s when peptides were first coming about to now where peptide is like a household and there's so many companies that sell peptides so they're very very easily accessible yeah until like these Trump tariffs with China happened that's right now slowing everything down things are still pretty relatively available and you know you could go on almost any site and if you trust them and you ask to see like their third party testing and not look at it whatever and they have valid stuff they're accessible you don't have to you don't have to go to a clinic but they're seen a lot of these clinics open that are willing to like prescribe certain seasoning certain peptides to help as long as well as growth and teeth and G8 oh it's sorry growth and testosterone and things like of that nature so and then of course the other longevity stuff that we talked about earlier so you know walk people what like you said walking around looking like like lean all the time because they're on these peptides and the cost is not crazy yeah it's not absurd to get like um not like okay that's I think that's a way worse way to get lean than a problem on peptide it doesn't have sleep yeah and nobody probably is a good opportunity for us and that would be a big big big big big study readovers well I think there's lots of entertaining girls that have been dabbling in that you know um I just uh God you made me just lose my oh um people walk skinny girls like cane it's like like fit girls who put cane but I actually have an even I haven't touched coge in like 20 something years I like that is not my thing anymore it's not good anymore well it's not the next you know yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but um no but I think I think to your point with how easily accessible peptides are the more and more knowledge that people are runs still crack it up the more and more people that are putting out information about peptides and studies and things like that you know people like Jay Campbell who's you know written books about this stuff you got to speak of this conference multiple conferences you know um our company putting out information constantly about how they're just making people more aware I think that you are gonna see people and they're not necessarily juiced up they're just on these peptides and maybe TRT and they look great and and I think that it's it's like you said it's gonna happen you're gonna see a leaner version of you know America I would say if people really want it's like people can afford it and they they have the desire to do it it's gonna happen it's not just maybe the elite I made a prediction that reddit or maybe the gen 4 or whatever the next one is biobluitid is the gen 4 is the coral every year just got to broke the broken for everyone so that these these these things I I said you know what I think is gonna be the what's noticeable to us is a lot more people in great condition at level one sure yeah um because the main barrier I know a lot of people like there's different people that have a hard time dieting but if I look at all the people I've trained that had a hard time getting shredded they all had a hard time dieting yep and that was the one thing I was good at right at a hard time dieting like you could rise above right that's how it was done if you wanted to get healed you had to be better at dieting then they did and yeah and that just suffer through those you weren't eating the peanut butter cookies at 12 and night or snap and then having an eye went to fuck I stopped and had a burger yesterday but in back on track there's a lot of people that that train and do bodybuilding shows it have a really tough time dieting and man appetite shut off keramol food shut off don't give a fuck I can't imagine what they will do to the average level one show I think it's gonna be visual yeah exactly and then not to mention with like the amounts of gear that I hear people taking now yeah I know and I just it's just astronomical compared to like what you know I did at a level one show or like what the animal person is it's like it's insane amounts of gear for like young what's on my young young kids we're talking like 20 something else and like not experience violence like people just experimenting for the first time with these drugs and they're like you know son or no guys is 500 milligrams like what are you doing right except the way too affordable man well the problem is now is is you're you're only considered honest if you if your doses tell people about our ridiculous so there is that you know like because they can't you people can't fathom the fact that they're just genetically not as priesthood predisposed to put it on muscle mass so it makes them more comfortable to just assume that Ronnie Coleman was on eight grams of everything all the time they don't they can't accept that he's just genetically better than them you know what I mean because yeah we all get this I mean clients send in their cycles and I'm like you're 182 pounds in the offseason and this is more than I've ever taken my entire career yeah people write shit on our you know we had Jay on the show and Jay was telling this you all you know we rolled that one video about he's like yeah you know like in this video here this is like all that video I mean I don't have any drugs on my system here I'm just like you know I'm on a break fucking liar liar pants on fire fucking 30 comments all like more than 30 there's the oh god 30 yeah that one went viral in a bad way like this look blue shit I will tell you guys because I I had the same experience with Jay I've told this on the show before but I know you're gonna kick out this he came to my store and it was three weeks out from the US's and I had him with the store and he was like 282 85 and he was big and he said yeah I've been off for a while now I'm actually when I get home tomorrow I'm starting my limpia prep and in my head even as someone that's in the game I was like this guy's so full of shit like I mean he is a monster and yeah so he left and then I went to the USA's in Vegas I saw him in the lobby and he was in a tank top and this is weeks later three weeks later three weeks later three weeks later three weeks later not even quite three weeks and he was insane and I walked around and said what do you wait today and he goes three 15 and I immediately went oh god he was clean he wasn't lying I mean yeah I'm 285 to three 15 and three weeks and that's one of my mind understood there's different levels to this game yeah and he's one of those guys that eats a thousand grams of carbs a day and this can process it like that's insane to me I would be like a fat pig if that's about 30 years ago that's about prep a thousand grams of carbs and he's dieting yeah that's just insane just how people are underestimating under estimate genetics like like to your point but if that's probably the future if we really can change your genetics like with CRISPR that's where I should have went CRISPR if we can like really get this CRISPR technology which we have I mean they've already done things with we're cut out the genes where you can't just give people a little 10 second what's a CRISPR just CRISPR is just a gene editing tool right so he can cut out parts of your genetics that express certain things so like if you can use CRISPR to you know take out a gene that causes you to release a lot in son or it causes you to you know store because you store fat because you have more of this or Grayland makes you hungry or whatever the thing is if you can really alter some of genetics to have like a super baby you know how people want these like super athlete kind kids and then CRISPR would be the way of this if that ever becomes like super affordable and and we and they nail it down you're just gonna see everyone walking around the ads all the time and just jacked. I remember being blown away by I was watching this program it's like a nature program and the guy was standing in this giant warehouse like think of the end of Raiders of the lost arc right when that's that box that box in that giant warehouse he was standing in like that size room of just filing cabinets and there to the roof it was like something you'd see in an x files and he's like I'm in the United States Hall of Records or something it was like crazy and he was this is where we're at with gene editing and he grabbed the ladder you know the rolling ladder that goes up and he climbed up and he opened a drawer and he pulled out a file and he's in like a room of 100 like a million files right and then he puts another file and he goes that's what we're doing now he closed the drawer so we're taking out a gene and putting in a new gene so what we can do now is we can take a peg we can remove the hemoglobin gene put in a human hemoglobin gene close a drawer that peg makes human hemoglobin now that we can take out and put in a human in an emergency. That's why and you're like shit and this was like you this is like ages ago. Yeah I'm not like 20 years ago so can't imagine what we're on the verge of with CRISPR but I think the affordability of it is probably constantly going on. It's going on. It's going on. Yeah you can from my understanding you can delete pretty much we know the human genome so like you can delete pretty much any part of it that you want to create a color couldn't you yeah the date from what I heard is like the super baby thing is like you can you want to baby with blue eyes and this color air and this these features or whatever you can do all this shit like that's crazy so like it's all just it'll come down to money but if this if one of the problems it always comes down to money if but if CRISPR becomes you know accessible to everyone and just like you know people can buy the technology and do it like I don't want to say in that home type of kit but something along the market or like we go to Turkey for it. Yeah you're a hair transplant. You can be the also the gene CRISPR stuff. Yeah exactly. Yeah so like if that ever becomes a thing that would revolutionize like the human race probably as far as like well I think it's splinter into the the haves and havenots would be very apparent. Oh yes the rich kids rich kids are winning all the metals getting all the scholarships out you know what I mean like there is no need for the inferior now. No it's right yeah or we just do robots and it work at all yeah. That's the other it's the other thing. Well the future is crazy man. Yes there's a lot of things that are crazy right now going on the world but whatever I'm happy or that that where I am right now I'm very happy that we did this podcast together and got to catch up. I'll see you guys at the Olympia right. Yeah I'm very very very happy to have you on we went way longer than we ever intended like we lied to you. Oh yeah on how long this would take. I kept coming around to I came in to try and let him go and then you'd be like so then we got this you know or we could just do this and I know. I have some I have a crazy idea and like I can't sure. Yeah. I was about to let you go but like I have this super thing that nobody's talking about that I want I can't even post out because I want to be first to market to it. Okay and like I am so excited for this this product as far as like the the strongest of the fat burners that there will be and it's like they're the top of my list right now it's in the top three of things I want to develop and like I said if I get to go to Wuhan hopefully soon I got to get a new one. Oh all cities. Oh I didn't I didn't pick all the cities in China. What were you going on? What do you think for us? That's Rolab's Rolab's R. Yeah. Hello careful. I didn't take the lab but this is where our our chemists has all the things around. It's easy. It'll be fun. Yeah. You'll have a blast. I've been I've been to Shanghai China's unbelievable. I highly recommend everybody visit it. You can't explain it. If I can make the flight and survive it go there the top of my list is this thing and to get it out to market I think this would be a game changer. I think in injectable SOU is going to be a game changer that I'm working on. Just so many things that are like they're now possible that I can actually do instead of trying to find some natural source or something. That's what I'm really got. That's what I'm lab. That's what I'm less like super excited about is like I can source things. Now I could make stuff now which is really cool. And then so I don't know. That's what I'm most excited about. I went from loving chemistry to learning about how steroids and stuff worked to work about. Supplements work to finding natural things to getting into research stuff and now like okay I can do this too now. I have the chemistry skills I have the knowledge of like and I'm not trying to brag. I'm just saying I went to school for this. I if I want to try synthesizing something that's in a paper or synthesize it or change a derivative of ties that are something. Why not? That could be fun. That could be fun. Yeah. I'll leave. Before me let you go I'll tell you there's one more thing you need to add your list. You're going to fat burner. You're doing the myel stat and alternate route. You need to come up with something that's going to make me better at guitar. Okay. You want peptide. There's going to be a neurofinger boiling. What do we uh we'll figure it out? Who do we need Steve Vise? Genetics and Chris Kramal though. Anybody's Genetics is a little DNA sample throughout in the CRISPR. Yeah. That and then uh maybe my fingers will get longer in skinnier. There you go. Or um my personal favorite would be the Jurassic world. I mean if I could if we can make a dinosaur that would be so fun. That is a type dream that you know I'll never see in a life but that would be so fucking cool. Yeah. Who is my hand going over there and move on? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think that's coming out of the back. That's fun. Well thanks man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was excited because I had a lot of questions. I mean peptide stuff. It's a lot for people to take in. There's a lot of them. Yeah. I mean and those are just peptides. There's like tons of small molecules too that can't even tell what. So like this whole world like you said it's just it's becoming household name pept the word peptide. Yeah. Like you said of the normies whatever you call it. They know it. Yeah. I'm interested. I'm interested in how anytime anything came out before it was oh that's unnatural. I won't tell you. I'm not. I was like, I was bald. Yeah. I told her. But now like these regular people they want to take everything they get their hands on. Yeah. Yeah. It's really interesting. Yeah. It's like I said it's some of the peptides because they are naturally some of them are naturally occurring and stuff like that. You really are just signaling your body to make more of something or less of that. I mean, fuck insulin is a peptide growth. I'm on the peptide. You know, like these are all natural things. Every enzyme in your body is a protein which is a peptide that takes a shape, right? So but yeah, as far as them being synthetic. Yes. They are synthetic we made. So you're not like deriving this peptide from a plant or something. Yeah. Yeah. Well, thanks man. We appreciate you. Of course. Of course, everybody remember like share subscribe comment and ring the bell. And remember I am mutant.com get your hardcore ISO get your mind FK and everyone should get on the gear. I am mutant.com big Ron and dustier your codes come see us at the Olympia. We're going to be at the booth hanging out Brian. Are you at a booth or are you just like working your busy the whole weekend? We're we're walking around. We're doing a like a talk. We're doing stocking. We're going to have hides lots of filming and stuff like that. So we'll definitely we'll definitely be at the Expo for sure. Scott's going to be at the booth too. He's going to come and ask us and have a good time. So it'd be great. We're not podcasting or nothing but we're going to have some fun. Yeah, I'm in for sure. I'll definitely say I haven't been to Olympia in a few years now. Oh, okay. Before it before it actually went to Florida for the during COVID, I don't think I've gone I went to the Arnold after that, but I haven't been to the Olympia. Are you going to bring Christina? I can't because I'm going to be there for this filming thing and there's this schedule. We don't I don't have a schedule yet. And then if we're going out in Vegas at night, I can't just leave her in like the hotel by itself. Yeah. No, no, no, no. So that's it. If it were just me, you know, like of course, I would bring her like grandma's house where did she go? Yeah, her and my other two dogs. They all go to a grandma and grandpa's house in the chat in Huga. So yeah, they they they watch them when I went to London, but they they have a yard that's awesome. They love it. They run around. So they're they have fun. Okay. So yeah, no Christina this year, but there's a full dog crew for this episode. Thanks again, the gorilla chemist, you know, gorilla chemist Brian Moscow with a K the coolest way to spell Moscow. And yeah, the Russia C is an S sound. Yeah. Yeah. If you remember those old Russian sustenance. Right. Oh, yeah. The Saito 250's. I don't know if that's how it was said, but what you said on the back was C Y T H O H. Yeah. They weren't H's, but yeah, they weren't H's. What are they? The Russian The aircolic letter. It's there's it. Yeah, they're all Russian. Because I call them Saito's. That was my nickname. The Saito's. Hey, you got those Saito pop ups. I just have lots of Saito's. Yeah, because yeah, so that that's like if you Moscow Moscow in Russian, he's probably with the K because the C is obviously an S. So like that's where that comes from. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks, buddy. Good to have you on. We always get smarter when you're on as opposed to when it's just us. I sometimes feel it does even the other, I don't know. So thanks, buddy. Thanks for your buddy and remember it's just bodybuilding. Yeah. Wanted to like new finish one, but the road one went super cool. I like personally dig the road worn like the relic look because it's supposed to be like a 66, you know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I get both sides of the coin, you know, something that looks brand new is is cool. Yeah, my Mustang is cool. Looks better finished. What what's your Mustang look? What color is your Mustang? Oh, it's the Sky's thing. It's holy of this guy's thing. Oh, yeah, hold on. You got the cherry, the cherry pick guard on it. Just like Colbaine had to. Oh, yeah. Obviously. Row, you're talking about my idols in 12 years old. Yeah, you got a humbucker in there too. Oh, you got it. Yeah, you got the sky's from the innuterotour. Yeah. And then, you know, so those are, so just for let's give Dusty and Scott, hold that for a sec. Let's give Dusty and Scott just a little less in here. So this is Kurt Cobain's most famous guitar. He had this weird fucking used Jaguar that was all modded up and fucked up. He bought it off. Used Martin Jenner apparently was a guy from the Christian rock band. And they think it belonged to the guitar player from the Beverly Brothers. Really? I didn't know that. Yeah. Well, the other stuff. I, it came. He bought it. Use. Oh, yeah. I know. So like all this stuff is modded. Yeah, it's all modded and rewired. And yeah, so they did the Cobain issue, the one on the wall there. They did the guitar. The way Kurt had it wired. Like the switches do things that are he just wanted it switched. Yeah, and the neck too. It's got this, you know, got a strattinac on it. Yeah, it's a really like it's a Frankenstein guitar. It is. And I actually it's one of my favorites. It's heavier. This one is a lot lighter. Yeah. Okay. If you see it's got like the huge headstock. Yeah. The other one. So my SG, the SG is way lighter than the, then the, the Jaguar. Oh, yeah. The Jaguar pound. Yeah. I like it personally. Um, but again, this is super light. Like if you're just trying to hang rocks swing around. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So Cobain, this was his never mind tour guitar. So if you see any footage from the never mind tour, which was like, you know, the big blow up era, he's playing this Jaguar. Oh, lots is more this one. Yeah. That's, that's, that's what he recorded. The album Nevermind with is that one with that. Wow. That sticker on there is like that's the sticker card had. There's a guy that reproduces them. Nice. Yeah. And remember that sticker. And that stratt, that stratt actually did get smashed and this one. Yeah. This one that destroyed twice. Yeah. The one new nexano. Yeah. So like the, the Fernanda's neck was the last one, but this one, you know, actually like a stratt. So I made this a project. I tried to do it as close as possible. It looks like it from what I ran there. I didn't see it in a while. Oh, it's awesome. It looks, it looks great. Your guitar's look awesome. And then the blue one was the skystang that was Cobain's favorite guitar on the Inuterotour, which is last year. Right. Oh, you got a ball dude. Yeah. So that's so the unique thing about that is you've got, that's a right handed guitar that Kurt flipped over and reached strong. So that's why you've got a that way with the pick guard on top because it's fucked up because Kurt was also like a fucked up. Yeah. So this is not a Martin. This is a Sigma. So you just made it look like yeah. But it's a, it's a 79 sigma. It's not a new one. Yeah. And these are actual vintage pickups. This is actually the vintage Barley. It looks perfect, dude. Dude. I, I think it's as close as you can get to a, a lefty one that I've ever seen anyone do. And it sounds fucking like amazing. Yeah. But yeah. So I just, I'm working on it. I have the Univox, too. Would you like to try something? Yeah. What is it? Why do you have a white one? What do you have? Red one? No, I got this, this sunburst with the jacos. Oh, yeah. The toy to show. I mean, he had a bite. Kurt, like, cheap guitars because he's, he liked to beat them up and have new necks on them all a time. So he bought cheap and then it was hard to find a tender guitar. Exactly. So, and he, so these were all cheap guitars. Japanese made, vendors and stuff like he didn't have any Gibson U.S. guitars or anything. He's just, he's buying them in second hand shops when he's overseas and there's, you know, he needs another guitar and like, yeah, Kurt's guitars were fucking, even, they were all weird and they all, he liked like four to six months. Yeah. And he had the Jag never got it. He didn't use guitars that had humbuckers in them. He used single coil guitars and then put humbuckers in them, which all the time. Yeah, which wasn't a thing. No. So like a strap with a humbucker in it. You're like, that's like a weird looking, it's weird. Yeah, these guys don't know. We're don't. I'm following along. I'm not all of it, but I'm following along. Okay. Again, the gas now. See, I'm just buttering up the gas and getting them comfortable before we start there. Now we get a fucking wrecking off the floor. Yeah. Yeah. What a great line. I have a one nerve on a shirt that I literally never wore my aunt got it for me for my birthday. And this would have been like in 96 or something. Did it not fit? No, it was a habit. Yeah. So here's the deal. It was the the unplugged t-shirt. So it was like a picture of him on stage and it, you know, yes, MTV, unplugged Nirvana, live or whatever. I, I was like, this isn't cool. I wanted the cool shirts like the band album shirts. So I was like, I felt like at the time I was like, man, only the posers would wear this shirt. But I never got rid of it. So I still didn't have these folded up and it's worth like $100. It's worth like $200. I look at up the other months. I was like, oh, we should. This thing's worth money. No. It's crazy because I see kids like when I'm on campus sometimes, you know, 20 years old, 19 wearing Nirvana shirts and we, yeah, we're never live when he died. Yeah. Like that's how that's how like trendy or popular. But it's cool when they know the music. There's a kid at my gym that plays the guitar and he's to be like, yeah, I got the whole never mind album now. I can play a whole thing and I'm like, that's fucking awesome. You're like, it is. I mean, I'm sure it inspired me to pick up a guitar and like, I don't know. I'm left handed and I do everything left handed and I tried initially tried to play right handed because it was, you know, common. You could find guitars. It just wasn't doing it for me. And I bet if Kirk will be in did in play left handed, I probably would have stuck it out. But he was such an influence on me and I loved, I truly like, am hugely biased that I'm left handed. I think it has a huge influence on my life in general. So I think if if he hadn't been left handed, I probably wouldn't, definitely wouldn't have all these lefty guitars wouldn't try to see what I can do. But I am so much more comfortable playing left handed. It was crazy because you would think your stronger hand will be better at fretting. But for me, it's so much easier to keep rhythm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, I'm right handed. So dusty does he's a hockey, which if I, if I have my left hand down on the stick, that should be right handed. Yeah, so I'm right handed. But I shoot left handed at hockey for sure. So then he feels way off. Can it because it's the same thing? No. Huh. I don't even imagine. You give me a hockey stick. If you give me a hockey stick and you tell me like, hey, take some shots at this net, I will like, my wrist shot is left snaps now. Yeah. So like, you know, I played across, right? And so it's a little across his amodex sport, but I'm, I like goaly. So I play left handed, right? So you hold it like this. You catch it. I throw left handed. It's very hard to, for goaly really to like the amodex, but when I played hockey first, because of the, like the motion you're talking about it, just let the left hand being on the bottom, I played goaly right handed with my left hand being the glove, which is odd because, you know, I don't throw right handed, but just because of it was easier for me to like move a pop-up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's that and like brushing my teeth oddly enough, are the two things I use my right hand. Well, but I read it. I read this cool study years ago that if you do something with your non-dominant hand, one today, yes. You know, you're crossing the chair. It causes like your brain to use parts of it that haven't been used before. I quite often will try to brush my teeth like, oh, okay, I'm just going to finish off with my left hand, like I do that. You know, you finish off with your left hand. Yeah. Yeah, I get right to the right to where I'm almost. Roger. Right. I'm almost done in an action. It's just my left hand. Then I can say that I'm in Badextris. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of five seconds. Yeah. This will get dropped in with no context. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Exactly. Well, it was because good talking to Tarsity, man, that's awesome. I'm glad you brought it and showed it to me. I'm wide awake now. Yeah. I knew you would appreciate it. Yeah. Yeah. I had to bring them all out. I wish I had to. I wish I had a hang on the wall like you do, but I'm moving soon. So I didn't want to just like put everything, but I have, you know, five now. I'm trying to get possibly a six. I want to hang them up like you have it. It just looks super cool. Right. Do you have a base? You need a base. I got the Thunderbird down there. I know. I've seen you play base. I've never learned how to play base. I mean, it's, it's a, it's an easy crossover. You just got to use to like how wide the, how big the, it's just a big fat, you know. Yeah. I mean, I used to play a seven string. So like when corn became popular, right? So listen, this is a corn corn in their five up guitars. Yeah. Right. So they didn't make left handed seven strings at the time. This is like we're talking what 97. Anyone playing a string is good. Right. So I custom made a seven string lefty. And I ordered all the parts from the I then as the pickups, the, the, the bridge, the nut, everything that was the seven string I had to get from them custom. And then then the neck, I got from like a warm off. I think warm off is the kind of they need like necks and bodies. So got that put it together. So like this Frankenstein, lefty seven string and metal. It's so I loved playing like that low A sound like when you detune it or even like the low B. But like they say they make nine strings like the deaf tones, like nine string. Yeah. How do you even do that? That's crazy. Or like less clay pool. So I'm like a seven like a five string bass just well, he's the good. He's the goat. Like, simultaneously. I don't know. I mean, that's a hard toss up, but dude, less clay pool is insane. Yeah. It's so good that I can't listen to it. You know what I mean? Like, people go, are you into primates? I'm like, no, but he's fucking amazing. Like, I'm listening to him play bass all day, but I don't listen to primates. This is just too much. I'm just trying to just chew on. Like, yes. I've nothing against them, but no, it's cool. Like he's doing his own thing. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody else sounds like primates. No, nobody. Like, not even close. Like, yeah, they're, they're, they're, they're not even, it's not even the time signatures. It's like they're, they're, they're not even as John is counting. No, I don't even know what you call it. Like, they're not metal. They're not punk. They're not grown. Yeah. They were just like, all they're not alternative at the time. You're, yeah, just less being fucking weird on his bass with a band. That's what it is. Yeah. And crazy lyrics. Yeah. And then they did the south park song, which was awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I never liked when it was big brown beaver. Like, yeah. I never liked brown beaver. It was never fan. And I, I don't really like blind when blind came out. It was like a game. Yeah. Like, with, I don't know how you're younger than that. You know that riff. Yeah. I'm four. You're how well? 44. Oh, I'm, I'm 49 now. So I got a few years in you. I was like 15 when Nirvana came out. So it was like primetime for all the antigens to be hitting me. You know what I'm saying? I was, I was 10. I was 11. I think when I got never mind. Okay. But like, but when corn came out, I had never heard a seven string before. I've only heard drop D stuff. Yeah. And so I was just like, this is a weird cool thing. And then feel as a bassist, obviously. And they just like the heaviness of the breakdown. Because this was like the start of new metal. Yeah. The corn sound and like when biscuit evolved from that. And you know, it was just a different sound than like your metal. Because I loved, you know, can't terror. I saw them. If you thought love the towel. I saw paint terror. I saw paint terror. Like small. We have this place harpo's into trait, which is just like the nasty place. Slayer got banned from harpo's. But at that way, it was. Oh God. They came back eventually. But I wanted to ask you guys, have you heard the story of how corn got their band name? Yes. I just recently saw a YouTube short. And I never was a fan of corn and all of a sudden. I'm like, man, I think I missed out. Now they were like, what was it Ron? There was a he said that he wanted to call the band corn. And they had some record label guys. Like you can't call it corn. And the guy's name was Gary. He said, okay, well, for not calling it corn, we're calling it Gary. Yeah. He's like, you get your choice. It's either corn or Gary. Yeah. Yeah. And then and then he goes, then he says something like, fine, you know, but I can't imagine the word corn. Yeah. Ritten on an album. And then he grabbed a piece of paper and Jonathan the singer took a crayon and wrote with a key. And that's how that came out. On the paper one time, K backwards are that's a logo. Damn. Yeah. I don't do that story. crayon one one time. Yeah. That logo forever. He was like, and I've chuckled about the name ever since. And I was like, you know what I think I like this guy. Yeah. He's I mean, these guys are like, I don't say super old, but they're old now. And like, they're still rocking out like all this over. And they're saying, now, which is great. Well, imagine if Kurt was still here, what would have happened to Nirvana is like, because like, think about like the way Stone Temple pilots went in Pearl Jam. So everything kind of I developed it became like mainstream. I think yeah, I think Cobain would have wound up being um, I think Cobain at 45 years old is an acoustic guitar Bob Dylan Johnny Cash acoustic guitar Bob Dylan's story teller artists. He's not even in a band. Yeah. I guess you're like 100% small shows and theater for people for hundreds of dollars to take it because it's because he needs to artist and artists, not a not a musician. That's what Cobain would have done. I think I've a hundred of a reason I agree that yeah. He even said that. He was sick and tired of it all. Yeah. Yeah. He hated being famous. Yeah. There was lots of stuff in the band going on. Like, I just think that he would have definitely gone by on his own acoustic. He talked about that a lot too. He really one of his shows that he really loved was the unplugged show. Yeah. He's super hyper critical on himself and he's like, he actually thought that was a good show. He said it would imagine. His book one of his books that um, there is a place called The Blind Pig into Troy. Or it gives me an arbor Michigan. And he said that was his favorite place to play. I didn't get to see him play there. But it was one of those venues that would have helped like 150 people, you know, low ceilings and everything like I could only imagine what seeing him in a place like that would have been, you know. And he quite often said he's like, once we got to Arena's, we were like, oh, this is this is it. This isn't better. No. Yeah. Isn't better. The clubs are better. This is this is like, this is the big business now. I mean, he's come. He came from the small club club. Stage diving like jumping out on the crowd. In the right on stage. Yeah. Like letting people enjoy the show if you see a couple hundred people, you know, that's a fun time. I've been this small show. There are a lot of one. You go to Arena's show, you know, with like, you know, 10,000 people or whatever, you're in a seat maybe, which sucks. Yeah. I'm the, or if you're on the floor, there's so many people. It's, it's, it's as an artist, like, can't imagine it's cool. And let's just a huge ego maniac. Yeah. Well, you know, all adrenaline is like adrenaline does feel good to people like, you know, when you walk on stage and it crowd cheers, like, I, and I can imagine that at that level. You'd be like, yeah, Arena is all right. And then, you know, your, your agent calls in goes, yeah, we did 75 K at the gate. You're like, yeah, I'm okay with that. That's good to, you know, or 200 K at the gate or yeah, a lot more than that these days. Little look, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, look at food fighters. Me tickets for food fighters when they saw selling out of winners, men are like, couple hundred bucks. Yeah. I mean, obviously they're a great band and they've come such a long way since fucking what 94 when their first album came out. I remember that, right? Something like that. Yeah, it was a long after it was over the food. Yeah, because of that role, which already writing song 95% of the end of their honor. My favorite Dave story is when in his book he says that after Kurt died, his whole world was like, you know, he was like, oh, what the fuck am I going to do with my life? There's no way I'm ever going to be in another band that good. He still thought of himself as just a drummer for hire. Right. The guy just got lucky and I was in Nirvana. Now it's over. Right. Yeah, because he said he's really said, like, I'm in a band that's had five drummers in like, yeah, years like yeah, who who are important. Emma. Yeah. And so he, you know, he wound up having like the best three years in Nirvana and then it was over. And so he was like, I get a get out of here because he said everything reminded him of Kurt, right? You everything reminded him of Nirvana. So he went to Ireland and he went up into like the rural area and he just wanted to go like get away from everyone. I don't know if he's got relatives there or something, but he was an Ireland in the middle of nowhere. And he rented a car and he was just driving the seaside highway in Ireland just he's there for like a while. And he saw this hitchhiker and he was thinking, man, like, this is so nice to get away from everything that reminds me of what was going on. And he saw this hitchhiker in the rain and he was like, fuck, I'm going to stop and pick this kid up. You know, on a what it's like, he looks like me. You know, kid long hairs got backpacks in the rain, middle of nowhere pulls over. Kids like, hey, hops in. He's got a fucking co-bained shirt on of the unplug concert with the guitar. Yeah, and he's like, get away from this. And he said he realized then that he was running from something that he would never escape. Wow, if he can't get away from it in the middle of fucking nowhere, then he guys will just go home. Yeah, I mean, look, I mean, look what he did. He's just like one of his amazingly musically talented people. I love this story of Pat Smyr and Cobain being backstage and Dave grabs one of Pat's guitars and he's warming up, just having fun on a guitar and pat walk into the room and they they walk back out of the room and they go around the corner and Pat goes, he's better than both of us. Because Dave was Dave's just everything. You do anything. Yeah, I think he's self. I think he's self-taught. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. And you probably know this. He used the drumsticks backwards. Like he held the the small part really in it. Hit with the thick part. Yeah, why didn't know the video. He didn't know when he started. He didn't know how to hold drums. No, I just think because he hits so fucking yeah, he's got more weight. But if you look at the videos, he holds them. I don't know if you call it upside down or backwards, but he holds the small end in his hand and hits with the thick end. It's crazy. That is why. And you can see it. So I don't know how that would not hurt your hand. But he said he took a drum lesson. And he said that the first thing that I told him was like, well, you don't know how to hold your sticks and he's like, oh, wow, this lesson's pointless. I'm six. So, well, let's get rolling. You want to talk about some muscle shit. Sure. Let's do it. Okay, I love it. I'll give you a see in trial. You