Exhaust had come out of pre-judging. Four ounces of chicken had a little bit of creamer rice. As my second meal of the day after pre-judging, and nothing else to rest the day until the show was over. And after pre-judging, after I talked to Adam, I laid down for probably two, two and a half hours and didn't. I was exhausted. And obviously I didn't want to get up and get ready for finals. I just didn't have the energy to do it. But like I said, there was that moment backstage where it's just like, this is do or die. You've been doing this for 28 years. And everything that you work for, you have not opportunity to make something out of it right now. So you either step up or somebody's gonna take it from you. Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach, Skip Hill and myself, Scott McNally. We've got a special bonus episode today. We are joined by Masters Olympia, Champ D'Orie and Heywood D'Oriean. Welcome back to the program and it's been a minute since we've had you on, brother. I'm glad to be back, man. You're right, it's been a minute. Yeah, hell yeah, dude. Dude, this is freaking crazy. Skip, you were just saying before we got started, you were like, with all respect to D'Oriean. You saw the news, man. And I was the same way to, but what were you saying say that again? Well, I dropped a lot of F-bounds. So I'm not trying to keep it clean. No, I was surprised. I mean, I've known D'Oriean for a long time. Yeah, the idle day, the Colorado, I pass your place on the way up to Evergreen, almost daily. But it's, you know, it's Armbris Pro, everything. But I mean, I've always seen you compete. You come in in great shape. And then you're relegated to a lot of those middle spots. And I don't look. As long as I've been in this sport, I don't sit on the edge of my seat anymore for shows. It's very anti-climactic to me. So when I typically get the results afterwards, and I don't watch the show. And I saw, like D'Oriean, one of the masters of Olympia, what the, and then I saw your condition, I'm like, God damn, like what it was just so, I didn't, I didn't see the comparisons. I didn't see who took second. I heard there was a little bit of drama. There's always drama in this sport. So, you know, that's always fun too. But, you know, I'm older. I get sick of that kind of stuff. I just, I was blown away by the condition, the package, because it just, it really was so different than, and for you to pull off that win, and it known you for so long. I mean, we competed together in like 2010, I think, at the Colorado State or something. And to see you go from those days to day, it's been fun, and to see that win, it's just like, oh my God, what, what did you do? Yeah, you seem a lot of the man. In here, right, 2010, we competed together. Maybe he was the Rocky, could've been the Rocky. We were Rocky. Yeah. And, you, so you seem to come in for a long time, and I feel the same way, you know, I've been doing this forever. And finally, I get a big win under my belt, and I just don't gratifying, and it kind of gives me some validation after all this time. Oh, no question. The grinding, and everything, and just to see the package, I don't know, Scott, if you have pictures to put out, but I do, I'll roll the post production. I'll be fair enough, fair enough. But it was just such a start contract, which is not to take anything away from the condition at any other point. But you're that physique that is typically, and correct me if I'm wrong, but you kind of err on the side of that fullness, and that size in that, I'm gonna take up space, and you take up a lot of space. And to just see everything so much sharp, or so much, so much more deep, I'm like, God, it was a really good look. I wanna say it was a deserving win. I'm not gonna fall into the drama. Look, the judge is called it the way it called it anyway. So if anybody's not on your side, it's a subjective sport. That's how it was called. You're the winner. You can put everything else aside. There you go, I mean, what else needs to be said, right? People will hate about anything. Nothing's gonna change the result of this contest. No, I guess you're so. There's all of the night guys in history to do this, and I'm one of them. That's very cool. I hope they rolled out the red carpeted, armbarous for you, because you do. There's a little of your own parking spot. Where's Dylan? I'm gonna text him right now. You deserve a parking spot. They're so old. They did that happen yet to get you a spot next to Phil now. Do you get that? Change that sign. I'm gonna sneak in. I'm gonna fly back for him, and I'm gonna be out there with a flash light. I'm just gonna range the sign. Yeah. So I got, I have so many questions that I wanna ask you about, Dorian, but first starters, I mean, just competing alone is crazy. But competing in Japan, Master's Olympia happened in Japan. I imagine that was probably your first trip in Japan too, because most of us haven't had the chance to travel over there. What was it like traveling to Japan for a contest? And what was the, how did the culture respond to you? Because I mean, I would describe you as a Master. You've stood up there with literally the biggest guys. And I agree with Skip that you're conditioning at this show, like you freaking brought it. Finals was that's the Dorian. I'm like, I've always wanted to freaking see that size in that fullness. But that it was so cool. But yeah, Philosin Mantelis, what was it like to be just in Japan, not even competing? Well, it's a long plane flight. It's about 12 hours to get over there. Luckily they're in back. I got nonstop flights. Good. But you know, as soon as I got over there, I didn't expect it to be so freaking hot, man. It's hot, like mid-90s. The culture was very interesting. The first couple days of being in Japan, I was like a monk. I really didn't get out much. I went out to the grocery store. I got everything I needed to set myself up for success and went in this show. And I stayed in my room, relax, and did check-ins with my coach. It's really all I did until the contest, besides check-ins. But even, you know, there's small times I went out before the show. You could tell these Japanese people are not used to seeing a like me. They have a lot of respect for the muscle. And they understand the discipline and the work ethic that it takes. And I kind of like I said, I was kind of a monk before the show. But after the show, I mean, I bet you met a thousand people. They just wanted to be the guy you want to show. And just the people in the streets, they saw me with the trophy and everything. I got hundreds of pictures with people I've never met before. It was really cool, man. It's a long way you, Dorian. What's up, kid? How tall are you? You'll fight them? OK. Let's be fair. You kind of touch down it. But I don't touch on things. Japanese people are small anyway, right? So I mean, they're sure they're very lean. It's arguably one of the leaner cultures or countries. You not only, but I mean, you literally, like I'm sure that they thought, like, this is freaking Godzilla. Like where the sky comes from. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And I didn't know I had you right around the 5, 9, 5, 10. I wasn't sure. The point is there are a lot shorter than that. There are not a lot of tall people, a lot of big people there. So I'm sure that you stood out like a sore thumb anyway. And will I tan? I mean, come on. You don't want to hesitate either. So there's that. Well, I really respected about the Japanese people. There was no obese people over there. Anybody who's extremely overweight. All the food's super healthy. And what about activity? I mean, as a culture, I'm sorry, Scott. I don't want to grab a whole whole bunch of pants. But really, are they relatively active color? I was incredibly active. So how does it relate? I see a lot of people walking from place to place. And a lot of people using electric bikes and stuff like that. I'm just about colorado all of a sudden, all these electric bikes are popular. And people aren't using their muscle to get from point A to point B. Yeah. And at least in Tokyo. I mean, that's the only part of the Japan I really got to see. But yeah, people were just out on the streets. And one thing that was interesting, there was no garbage cans anywhere. So if you had garbage, you'd take it with you. You'd take it home. Put it in the garbage there. OK. OK. OK. So the show, how was the bodybuilding audience in Japan? You know, it's going to worry. There are going to be two respectful and quiet. But that wasn't in case. There's a lot of hype. People were really like, AMPed up, especially. I thought I brought a lot of energy to the stage, especially in finals. And the crowd responded very well to what I was doing. There's been times that which is a New York pro. And I'm trying to give it everything I got. And the crowd just crickets. Yeah. In Japan, that wasn't the case, man. People were loving it. People were loving the energy that I was putting out. They were responding to what I do. Which made it a lot more fun. That's cool. So I wanted to dig in a little bit and take you back to gosh, 20, the man who was February 2024. We lost Dave Calic, who, I mean, for people who watched advice as radio, he was on the channel a bunch of times. And then not as much when we had switched to think big. But he had been somebody who's been a very close friend of mine. I know, basically a brother of yours. And he was your coach. He unfortunately passed away in the beginning of 2024. You guys were tight. Every time I talk to Dave, I also got the update. Like what's Dory in doing? So I knew more, I knew as much about you. Like probably more about you than you know, I knew about you, knew what you're doing with your food and your training, supplementation, all that stuff. And he loved talking about that man. And he loved working with you. So how was it finding a new coach? Who's your new coach? And how did that relationship develop? Well, first of all, Dave was great. He was my coach for over eight years. And he became my best friend. So it was kind of devastating to take that loss. But before he passed, he told me if anything ever happens to him that he wants me to work with Ariel Cuts. And he told Ariel, if anything, every half of his hand, he needs to work with me. So I did the rest of that 2020, 4 season on my own. Now, did okay. I ended up pulling a win at the Daytona Pro. But getting ready for this, Master's O. You know, I just felt like there was a boy. Dave, we did over 30 shows together. And he was with me with all of them except two. And all doing the season of shows without Dave there, it was different man. It was hard on me. Bozily taxing. Yeah. So, you know, I wanted to fulfill Dave's last recommendation of coaching to work with this new coach, Ariel. And he's been great. The coaching sounds a little different. The way we communicate is a little different. And the way he gets me ready for a show is a little different. But it seems to be working just fine. I talked to Adam Young, but the over the weekend we were chatting. And he made a point to me. He said that in some ways, he felt that your new coach may even be better than Dave was because you and Dave were so close. That maybe Dave, you know what I'm saying? Skip, that sometimes you get into that relationship. Right. You get so close to someone. I wonder if there almost was a benefit because it's going to be like, you know, kind of by the books. Did you feel like, I mean, without having that close friendship, did you feel like, did you follow, let me ask you this way? Did you like just follow the plan, you know, A to Z exactly the way he had it written out? You know what I'm saying? Was it was it any different in how you approached things? Oh, yeah. Me and Dave, we knew each other so well. I felt a lot of times I could manipulate Dave. Kind of do what I wanted to do or what I thought was a good idea. Or talking about something that might not be his initial intention for how he should coach. With area, I made it a point not to manipulate him in any way or change his mindset. I just said, I'm just going to listen to whatever you tell me to do. Right. I have the plan and I'll do it. Wow. Was that difficult or because it sounds like, you know, you're saying I'm the one here. Oh, why I might have manipulated him a little bit. But I like the word collaborative because you had worked together for so long. Yeah. Yeah. It was a collaboration. So did you find it difficult to be like, okay, I'm just handing over the reins and I'm just going to be that perfect client. I'm going to put my head down and I'm going to execute. Actually, I found it easier. No kidding. Okay. Let's start in what I'm doing. Sometimes me and Dave, you know, we would collaborate and I put a lot of thought into it. Sometimes I'd write out the whole plan and be like, Dave, this is what I'm thinking. Take a look at it. Give me some feedback and we'll collaborate this effort and make something out of it. With with a area, it's just like, what do you want me to do? I'll do it. Yeah. Well, and hey, I told you the, I told you, you know, Dorian and Skip. I told you off the air. I got to tell the audience that it kind of blew my mind. I had, I had a dream about Dave a couple of weeks ago and it, this dream just stuck with me for some reason. And so it made me think about him for like two, three days in a row. I was just like thinking to Dave on and off and I got it in my head. I was going to text you and tell you about it. And then I was like, you know what, I'm not even going to tell him about it. But I feel like I should text Dorian. Now listen, I don't keep up with social media. So I don't know who's doing what shows or what's going on and Skip, I know I already told you this. But I text Dorian, I was just like, hey, man, I just wanted to say, hey, what's up. And I hope that everything's going really good and Dorian, you text me back and you're like, I'm getting ready to leave for the master's limpia right now. Now I'm going to witness for Dave and man, that freaking choked me up dude. That was, if there's something to that man that I just, I'm not one to believe in, you know, all the things I can't see. But there's something, there's an energy to that that I can't put my finger on that was pretty cool man. And then you did it. And then you freaking did it, dude. I got a story to follow up on that one. You know, I went and I did the show and I wasn't sure what happened in Prejudging. I didn't, wasn't sure if I first, I wasn't sure if I was in third. What I did know is I needed to come into that night show and kick some ass and take that fucking show. And that's exactly what I did. But right as Ben's bodybuilding was getting ready to go on, it's like, people are pumping up backstage and I'm kind of pumped up, I'm ready to go. I'm standing there and I'm thinking to myself, it's like all of sudden, I feel this energy. It's just like, I feel Dave's soul shining down on me. Yeah. Coming through me. And in that moment, it's like, nobody's going to give you this show. You need to step up and you need to perform. You need to go out there and make you happen right now. This is your opportunity. Go and do it. And it was like, something came over me. And I, like you Scott, I'm not too like into spiritual stuff. But something happened to me that moment that turned me on and lit me up. I blew. I was glowing through finals. And I went out there and I dominated. I performed. It was something to step up and I did it. I was really happy. It was your best look ever. It was your best look ever, man. It really was. It really was. Now, when I talked to Adam Young by the way, guys, two, 12 Adam Young, who had also worked with Dave, he had said that in the morning that your posing wasn't as on and that you weren't unbeatable, basically, at that point. And from there, though, you did complete. And I believe you were even behind points wise in the morning show. So what did you guys do differently? I mean, obviously, I think that that energy part, you know, and what you bring to the stage is a huge thing. But what did you guys do differently from the morning to the night? Because you brought back, obviously, an undeniable package. Well, Adam, notice maybe three different poses that I could tweak a little bit to make it look better. And as soon as pre-gejaging was over, he came up to me and he got in my face. He's like, here, we're going to work on posing right now. We're going to get this right. And whatever you told me to do, I applied to the posing and finals. OK. But I tell you, man, pre-gejaging kicked my ass. I was gasped at the very end of it. And I think that's probably why they knocked me down a little bit because I was starting to breathe through my belly a little bit. Yeah. And I was exhausted. I pumped up two hard backstage. And I put out too much energy trying to pose and beat these guys. And I got winded. Yeah. Exhausted, come out of pre-gejaging. I, four ounces of chicken had a little bit of creamer rice. As my second meal of the day after pre-gejaging. And nothing else, the rest of the day until the show is over. And after pre-gejaging, after I talked to Adam, I laid down for probably two, two and a half hours and didn't. Yeah. I was exhausted. And obviously, I didn't want to get up and get ready for finals. I just didn't have the energy to do it. But like I said, there was that moment backstage, where it's just like, this is Deor Dye. You've been doing this for 28 years. And everything you work for, you have not opportunity to make something out of it right now. So you either step up or somebody's going to take it from you. Yeah. So Adam just helped me with a couple poses. And one thing I noticed I did, and I told you, I pushed myself too hard in the pre-gejaging. And I told you, do that before, man, where you get, you get freaking amped up and you pose so hard. You know? So I tried to pace myself better and not just so pumped up before the night show. Yeah. You know, I never got winded in the night show at all. I went through all the rounds and I was hardly breathing heavy. And the feelings, Sandy and Steve Weinberger, they did the post show recap. And they basically said, that's why one. You know, Phil was breathing hard and let his belly go. I wasn't. Right on, right on. Yeah. I mean, it was an incredible turnaround. What do you guys say, Scott? Well, without giving away too much information, because that information is between you and your coach, obviously. But is there anything, can you throw the viewers any type of a bone where something that stands out to you that you did differently with this prep that you feel really helped to change that look to where you were just so much harder than that package was just better from a condition stamp. You didn't seem to give up. See, a lot of people need to give up a little bit of one to get the other. You have a little bit of fullness to get the dryness, give up a little bit of dryness to get the fullness. But it didn't look like you had to give up much if you did. Visually, there wasn't much of a change. So does anything stand out to you? Yeah, there's a few things that stand out. And about two, three weeks out from this show, I'm message area. And I'm like, man, I didn't in my head. Like, I feel guilty because I'm not very hard enough. I feel like in the past, I've really suffered hard. And I feel like there should be pushing myself harder. But I'm just getting my head. I just wanted to relate this information to you. So I've learned early over 20 years ago. You cut my carbs out. I get lean. But it doesn't seem so sustainable. So the way that day would generally give me ready for a show, he'd give me 10, 11 ounces of protein, low carbs, with every meal. That's a lot of protein to be breaking down in a simulating. And I think that had to do with why my belly and midsection was so wide. With this prep, we were doing like six ounces of protein per meal. But only three, like solid protein meals a day, with three protein meals a day, with a high quality way protein. Interesting. And my carbs were higher in this prep than any prep I've ever done. We were about 600 grams carbs every single day. OK. I just think for the fact that the food was less dense and I could process it quicker. Yep. I think that really contributed my waste being smaller. And it kind of gave me a different look. I've been doing the same thing that you're ready for shows for over 20 years. I always say it changed, makes a change. We changed it up, and it created a different outcome. I think we've been all agreed to in the master's divisions. Distension becomes a problem. Because we've been rubber banding that the stomach. And when I say the stomach, the organs, the intestines, the stomach for so many years, you can only do that so many times before that rubber band isn't going to go. Is it going to be as elastic as it once was? So it's funny that you bring up about the protein powder because I have found just relating to this as it being a relatable topic. Coming into the now shifting to the oxies and then switching away from all whole food meals, that my distension is less now than it was when I was ridiculously lean two months ago. And you're probably eating more at this point, too. What is processing faster? So you have that faster gastric emptying. You're not holding onto the liquid meals or, you know, they're moving through quicker. They're not sitting there as long. And I think for the master's demographic, I think that's not only a valid point, but I think it's a great point that we may have to do those few things. Some of those things a little bit different than we would have done when we were 25, 30, 35. So that's a great point. I appreciate that you threw the viewers a bone there because I understand that a lot of the information that is exchanged between the competitor and the trainer likes to be kept between the competitor and the trainer. There's no like a lot of talk too much talking. So that's cool. That's cool. Well, I think my purpose in life is to motivate educating inspire. So if I can pass the viewers a bone that helped them, sure. I mean. Oh yeah. So back home now, I mean, we already talked about you haven't got the sign yet at Armbruss, but Skips gonna get out of that. So we'll get that sorted out. You know, for anybody that doesn't know you, you're also a chiropractor. Do you used to, I know for a while, you weren't practicing any more, but do you do anything with chiropractic now, or where you at with that? No, I don't practice the way I used to do kind of a moderate volume clinic. And that was the majority of the things of what I did. But there's a couple scenarios that came about. They kind of led me to realize how much risk a patient can be. And there's stress associated with that. And there's responsibility associated with that. So the way that my career just kind of transpired, you know, I can do personal training and train three people at a time per hour. And make more money than I'm making with chiropractic with less rest. Like just as much money. And everybody that I'm working with with personal training, we're all there for a very progressive reason. So when I'm in prep and I'm like, dragging my ass through the day, you know, it's good to be around that positive energy. You know, dealing with a patient that hasn't been compliant to their point, they're in pain. Oh, I'm all stuck there. I feel me. It's hard for me to be a sympathetic and be a good doctor. And it's stressful on me. It's hard on me. So I just moved past the least resistance. Yeah, I mean, what about their band joe plan? You got gigs or you, is that still a passion? There you go. Ah, check out the collection right over there. And I'm ready with band joe because I mean, it was a guitar band joe. It's pretty much everything. I got a bass guitar. I got electric guitar. Okay. Band joe, like a long band joe, short band joe, electric band joe. I was just real quick. How did you get into that? Yeah. I think I always like to sound of the band joe. And I grew up in Southern Indiana. Right on the bat's, well, it's going to be my next question. If you were from a demographic where that was a bigger deal. Yeah. Also, they say that's the hardest instrument to learn how to play. So I kind of took it on as a challenge. Really? Okay. I've been playing five years now. Wow. Yeah. That one was that one's super. I don't think I've been in this industry a long time. I've not seen a jack dude, let alone a pro. How many body do you play the band joe? Yeah. I don't know anybody that is. I don't know anybody that's played the band joe. So what are you thinking now? I mean, I feel like is this the highest you can achieve. Are you are you going to just like step out and be like, all right, I'm done or you're going to keep competing from here. What are you thinking? Well, this qualifies me for the Mr. Lempi contest. Oh, oh, oh, oh. That I've been, well, I've been trying to qualify for this thing for nine years now and I've never done it. So I've got a chance to do it. I'm going to do it. And, you know, there's some controversy around who got first, who got second, the placements. I want to go and justify my win by coming into the limpia better than I've ever been in my life. Making a top 10 finish. I think that's a good goal for me. Realistic goal. If I can make top 10 of the limpia, I think I can justify this win and shut up everybody who's complaining about my placements. And, you know, I've been doing this 20 years. I just got the high line of my career in winning the master's of limpia. I'm on top. Scott himself says this is the best I've ever looked. Why stop now? Yeah, I get appreciate that, man. And hey, listen, you don't have to prove anything as far as I'm concerned. You know, and here's the deal too. It's interesting the way people, when I haven't heard people that are saying, you don't deserve it. I've heard a person saying that you did. And that was the guy who won it first. You know, and I guess listen, I'm going to, you don't have to say anything, Dorian. I'm going to say this. I don't personally know the guy. I feel like that's personally bad form. You know, I was talking about it with my wife this morning. She said that the guy is, been doing this for a long time. He's a great bodybuilder, right? He was good enough to make it to that level. Fantastic physique. But when you start talking like that, you really take away from the achievements you've made. Nobody really cares about the achievements. All they hear is like this negativity. And it kind of, I don't know, it just, it does though. It takes away from, it takes away from all the good that you've done. You know, and I think that that's unfortunate because that's what we're not seeing out of film. Now we're not seeing the good out of him. We're seeing him as a bad sport, you know, and it's unfortunate. I'd like to see him come around and apologize. Yeah. I don't know that he will. I don't know what kind of guy he is. But I would think a lot more about him. There's something with a name of film. Where if they just apologize, then things can, you know, things can be, I'm real good with a apology. But anyway, I would. I know I'd have a lot better feeling about it. It's just it's very, very unbecoming. I'm not fair at all. Let me get some highlights. I've been competing with Phil for probably seven years now. And just last year, I think, was the first time I placed ahead of him. OK. When this for a long time, he's got a long history wrestling and some type of martial arts, not bodybuilding. He's a champion and he's used to being a champion. And even during the post, I wanted to raise his hand and let everybody know that he's a champion. But that wasn't me saying he should beat me. He should beat me in the show. That's just me giving my respect. Because my goal was to beat him. And I knew he wouldn't take it well. Because I know he's 51 and he doesn't have to many chances left to get at this. I hope he can continue to do this and continue to be successful. But Phil's a champion and he's not used to take him a loss like this. I know he wanted this win bad. But you know what? I did too. So, he's out there complaining about the place. And he's not really personally disrespecting me. I think he's trying to just gear this more towards the judging and what happened with that big point swing. So I'm not particularly, and there's a lot of hate coming out of it and I'm just brushing it off. Yeah. No big, it doesn't involve me. I do with a win too. I think. Yeah, that's true. But it's the best attitude you can have, man. Versus him in there. You know, I definitely think so. Dorian, I am freaking excited about this, man. Like in skip, I don't know if I've told you the story. I've told the audience the story before. The first time that I met Dorian was one of my earlier trips to the Olympia. And I'd interviewed Dave a few times and I we weren't good friends yet. But I had gotten to know Dave and then he was going to be at pre-judging, right? So I went to pre-judging and I sat with him. Vijay was with me. And Dorian was there and Stan McWay was there. And I was blowing away because I'm like, this Dorian guy is like a practicing, competing, IFVV pro. It Stan McWay's a legend. Like I've seen him on magazine covers, you know? And then afterwards he was like, hey, we're going to go get some food. You want to go with us? I was like, yeah. So I go and sit down and eat with these guys. And Dorian, you were getting ready for a show at the time. And Dave had said, oh yeah, Dorian's been dieting real hard. He's really depleted. He was like, eat a burger in those fries and drink a regular Coke. And 20 minutes later, skip. I look over. And Dorian was just covered in veins. All bodies covered in veins. And he was like, two times as big. That was like holy crap. It's different than just going to an expo. And I'm saying, and seeing a bodybuilder, seeing somebody like actually fill out like that, which is six inches from your face. That was cool, man. It was a day I will never forget. It was awesome, Dorian. Do you remember that day? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It was on the, it was the Arnold Classic. Yeah, yeah. What did I say? Olympia. Oh, I said the Olympia. OK, yeah, yeah. It was Arnold Classic. We went to the Bear Burger restaurant skip, which I think you would like right across the street from the expo and all of that. That was good. I think that was, I think that was, was that the year was that the first year that, oh, what's this name from England, Luke Sando? Was that his first year I think and he ended up taking eighth that year? I can't remember if that was the year or if that was the, I think that might have been the next year. Ellen and Big Country, I believe, for first and second, said it won. That's what it was. That's right. Dude, yeah, can you believe that, man? That was OK. Yeah, yeah, I remember that. What's that? Both of those guys are good. Yeah, yeah, it's incredible, man. Yeah, the older we get, the more disappointing you can be to watch people leave the industry in this earth, there's just R2 early. It's, yeah, it's tough to be able to. Before we go out, let me ask you to clear something up for the, I'm clear on it. I'm sure Scott is too, but to clear up for the viewers, these explain that there's nothing and a bottle like in the water at our Ember's Pro gym. Well, what is it about that gym? From your perspective, of being there so I trained there for years too, but what is your perspective on why that gym turns out so many high level? I'd say bodybuilders, figure, physique, just competitors in general. Why do you think that is? There's a couple things I have in mind, but what tots the list is the vibe of the place. It's like people that go to that gym, aren't just everyday gym goers, they're people that go there with intention. They're intention, they have a plan, and they're there to get better. That vibe is infectious. You got people like me who's been in there for like 15 years, and I've been grindin' nonstop. They're, you know, before me, they were still Heath. So it's like I got to watch him. The nature of the pros in there that are doing things right, the nature of the members in there that are doing things within tent and have purpose, and they're trying to get better. I think that's what separates that gym. I mean, the owners and the management is wonderful, the equipment is wonderful, the setup of like the open garage doors and all the light, all that's contributing to the vibe of the place. So I think more than anything, it's just the energy that that place puts off. I couldn't have said it any better myself. People that asked me, well, why wasn't the equipment? Was it like, yeah, the equipment was good. It's not bad, and it's better since I've left, if I'm being honest, I've been gone seven years, but it wasn't the equipment. It wasn't that it was just that that vibe because everyone there was, they were just hyper focused and they, they weren't just f and around, like you knew in Colorado or at least in Denver, you just didn't go there if you weren't serious. It was just like, I'm not going there. I asked people to go, and they're like, no, clients want to go there because they want to check it out, but they only want to finish their work and get the hell out because they feel really, most of them feel like they don't belong, but they want the experience. And everybody belongs as long as you're there to try. Exactly. It's a great, great, and very supportive environment. I think people tend to think, oh, you know, if I'm not in there and I'm not big, I'm going to be looked down upon, I think people just care that you're grinding. I think that's really all anybody has cared because if you're not, get the hell out of here. Here's an interesting fact. I know Martin Fitzwater and Brett Wilkins don't currently go to that gym, but that's where they really developed. Yeah? The first time that Arboris has ever had three guys in the open class in the Olympia. And three guys who train really hard. Yeah. Because nobody who has done well trained their ass off there. That's a cheap shot, but it's all. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I can take those cheap shots. I can, I can't, and I own it. It has nothing to do with Dorian. It has nothing to do with Scott. I said it. I own it. All right. And two of you know, and you know what I'm talking about. All right. We will wrap it. We'll get this thing out of here. And Dorian, what's it got to me? Thank you. Congratulations to you. Thank you for taking the time to come and hang with us. I am freaking honored that we can do this show. You know what I'm saying, man? I love that we have this reason. This is freaking cool, man. Absolutely, man. Thanks for having me, guys. Yeah, it was nice to catch up, buddy. Thank you, guys, man. Guys, follow Dorian. I'll have all this contact stuff down below. And if people are in the area, can they like hire you just to do a workout? I mean, is it, yeah? Yeah. I'm going to keep it in narrow down as I'm prepared. Not pretty much always have a full boat. But I always put people on the waiting list. It's like, I've been lucky to have a good career and to be able to hold my clients for a long time. So there's really no turnover. But every now and then I get a client who moves away or something and that opens up a spot. So I'm always willing to help as many people as they can, whether it be posing or training or whatever. Don't be afraid to reach out to me. I'm available and I'm accessible. You can find me at Dorian Haywood. I have BB Pro on Instagram. Hell, yeah. Hell, yeah. And I'll have that link down below. And, you know, Dorian, you're a real person. That's what I've always appreciated about you no matter what you've done no matter how far you've gone. You're always just a real guy. And I appreciate that, especially in this industry where we have all sorts of people, man. But listen, for another episode here at Think Big Body Building Media, another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear with Skip Hill and Mr. Masters Olympia Dorian Haywood. I've got McGnaily guys. We'll see you soon. Thanks for tuning in. All right. That's a good show. When you're walking through a crowd, it helps to have this guy. Cut the path. I don't know. Oh, Mr. Hester. Oh, Mr. Hester.