Let's talk about the evolution of old school cycles. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossland. I'm Scott McNeillie and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, thank you guys very much for your support. We are brought to you by evalblotanalysis.com. If you're in the UK and you need to get your lab work done, then you can get your labs done by Dave. Go to evalblotanalysis.com. Get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK and Strom sports nutrition. You can get them both in the UK and the US now. So definitely check them out. Great health stacks, especially for guys on cycle. We are brought to you by trunetrition.com. Get all your protein powder, your creatin, your intro workout and all your other basic body building needs. Use our code, think over there, to get 10% off and support our programming. Thank you to supplementsourst.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. Dave round two, Dave and France. How's it going man? How's the RV life? Halt. Why don't you have the AC on 24 hours a day like a good American would? It is on, but it's still halt. Then your AC sucks. You got to crank it Dave. You got to crank it until it's so cold in there that you need to put on a hoodie and shoes. It was like that last night, but the problem is that we don't have any from blinds because we had some new ones fitted and they were shit. So we took them down. Unfortunately, we've got to green our effects at the front. Man, by the way, guys, we have a fun topic. We're going to talk about the old school cycles that people used to run. Plus of course, we're going to tackle all your listener questions. Now, hey, for everybody at home, understand that this program is for educational purposes only, we don't condone the use of any compounds that we discussed here. First and foremost, Dave is an educator. He's educated the UK police, the military. He works in the court systems in the UK. Our goal here is to create a program of harm reduction Dave so that people can't. People are going to do this stuff, but we want people to be able to stay as safe as possible. And nobody under 18 should be partaking any of this. Go to your doctor if you need any medications. All of that, we are not responsible for blah, blah, blah, blah. All that, Dave, all of that. Now that I got that out of the way. Whew. Yeah. Hi, YouTube. Seriously, man. Here's the deal. We had a listener who commented and he was like, man, is there any efficacy to this cycle? That's old timer from 30, 40 years ago was saying that he would run like, what was it? A mill of DACA, a per week with like, a little bit of debaul. He would do that for eight weeks. And then after that, he dropped all of that and they'd run like four weeks of what was it. Excuse me, wind stroll. And that was the entire cycle. And I've heard all sorts of stuff. My dad's friends back in the day. It was like one mill or 200 mill, excuse me, 200 milligrams of DACA every two weeks was a cycle. You know, like that was the entire cycle. I mean, that's one of the reasons why these old guys are still going is because they, you know, they've never gone about 500 milligrams a week in their life. It is, whether you want to admit or not, the reality is that you know, guys of maintain, I mean, I know a guy. Now, do you have excellent physique? Cycled for 40 odd years? OK. But, you know, he's always been four, 500 milligrams. Let's talk about the evolution of all sorts of... Oh, I mean, that's the, that's something about the very early days because that's even beyond my time. And I know I'm an old far, but there's been also, I mean, ones people will remember will be the old, you know, has to be two to one ratio of tests to decode. I mean, I think there's some people still sign up to that now. So that would have been later. That would have been like as I was getting into it, you know, that would have been like, really 2000s. That was a popular idea. Another one was, you don't stay on the say compound for more than four to six weeks, so you kept continually changing the compounds. Oh, you have to like trick the receptors or something? Yeah, well, that was, yeah, I mean, the theory behind it, obviously not quite correct was that different receptors for different compounds. So you did a receptor out or it wasn't too tired. There's no waiting that we know it's 100 in receptor, but there was something to the fact that if you varied the compound, you varied the stresses. Yeah. So you were changing the negative stresses that the body was having to deal with, which over the course of cycle could to some degree be beneficial. Mentally there was obviously, always a new drug, it's a new compound. So that always fresh in people up when they change compounds. Kickstart. Kickstart lasted for a very long time, like oral kickstart. So even high dose kickstart, where people would drop, you know, get around, grab an hour, in the first week, even though they're only the actual cycle dose was I think it'd be five or six hundred and a million. Yeah, so I did both of those things. That was happening when I started Dave. That was Debal Kickstart for the first four to six weeks is what people would do, 25, 30 milligrams of Debal with their 500 test, sip cycle, or you would double the amount of test, you know, you're using a thousand for the first two weeks. I think I've come to a conclusion, Dave. So back then, cycles were cut off at that 10 week point. So I'm really eight to 12. It was eight weeks was a shorter length, 12 week was pushing it. And then you came off, you did a PCT, you recovered your natural test. So I think that people wanted to get their levels up as quickly as they could versus nowadays. It's like, well, you're already on to your tea. There's no rush, so let the compound build. I think probably the biggest changes PCT. I think that's probably the biggest single changes. You know, I'll last majority of people PCT. And you did two cycles a year, and that was it. Yeah. And that would limit it, because that's all you could get in with a PCT as well, and time off all you could actually get in was two cycles a year. There was the shick cycles, which we discussed a little bit last week, I mean, they, I think. I don't know if he was the first person to push him, but Paul Morrison was very influential in doing short, really eye-dose cycles with absolute tons of gear. But also a lot of changing compounds as well. And he would do that, like we said last week, you know, three weeks of a middle-sust everyday. And then you'd drop another compound in and then some else in and then you were off. And the total duration was six weeks. OK. He was very influential in bringing insulin into the marketplace, though it didn't really gain a huge amount of popularity with him. It seemed to sort of start, then disappear, then come back years later. But he was probably the first guy that really pushed the use of growth hormone and insulin together in a cycle format around there. Because I think here's another factor. But now, everything's kind of homogenized. Like the guys used to be like, oh, what are the guys in the Middle East doing? They look so dry. What are the guys in England doing versus the US? But now we're all online, and we are all sharing all these ideas. Everybody is doing from what I see, more or less, very similar cycles everywhere around the world. But back then, you were kind of relegated to who you were in your area. In your area. Yeah. I mean, a big difference between the states and the UK was the UK. You used to stop all the injectables couple of weeks out. I'm running on all the rules. OK. Yeah. The state's just coming on injectables. And there was always this thing that the US loop was full up. Yeah. But not as greener. And the UK loop was greener and a sort of dirty early in that sense of it. Rawer. But that was because it had the fullness because we weren't on the injectables. We were running on just winds, real. So we were dry. But we didn't have that big for belly pop. Yeah. I mean, there's definitely been, and I to this day, I think there still some things. Germany, if I'm right with this, and I'm sure we've got some views from Germany who will confirm this, that they work on the terminal half life, which is a lot shorter than regular half life. There are a lot of his work on. So they're working on testing, being a half life, a 4.5 days. I don't know about that. I'd have to ask like Roman Fritz. Yeah. Guys, I've talked to in Germany. They're learning from everybody. This thing, please, everybody. Yeah, I think I think like that. Yeah, he's out there. And with the internet, and particularly with this like-or's, and I'm not just saying that's because there's loads of doing now. But this openness discussion around what goes on, people have been exposed to lots of different approaches. And as always, does with these things, you will get these trends and fads that pop up for a while and everyone goes mad on it. But then it settles down to what people see repeatedly working. Right, right. And so there are things that come in that I knew that do stay the course and do get embedded into cycle protocols. But there'll always be the fatty things that come in the last six months to 12 months. And then people give up on them. I mean, DMP was massive for so long and then it sort of died a death and no one really bothers with it that much. Now it's not something you hear a lot of. It got so popular again. Back in part of it, I think, was, some but there was a guy who was promoting it and selling it. So, you know, and because of that, he was doing a lot of content on it. And it became new again because there was a whole generation of guys in the girls in the gym that hadn't had any experience with it. First of the older people were like, yeah, we've been there done that. But it was like, oh, this was new. This is different. We hadn't heard about this. So it was exciting. I think things like that happened all the time, you know? Yeah, I mean, you go about today's a Rubin Robinson, Rubin Robinson was well known for doing Deca-Romus cycles. Okay. You know, this is 70s. And then that came back into faith for a while and there were a couple of people that were a big on promoting that. But it was sort of bastardized and twisted a little bit because a lot of people can't cope with it. So there was, yeah, it's Deca-Romus, but with some debol. So there was some cross-roam beating to juice into it. But, you know, that was something that that Robbie Swall, but I did a lot of it. I don't think it was widespread popular. But then people looked back at the z-eaks and the past and like, how did he look like that? And then they start, because now they talk about their cycles where they didn't do about that. And because it's true. And it's all well I used to do Deca-Rom, I know. That must be the secret. And it's like, no. Probably he's genetics and he's training, but no, you know. Yeah. I would say that we're in a pretty good place now. Things I'll tell you what, after the front loading phase kind of war off, I saw the phase where everybody started pushing really high doses. It became like the Boston Lloyd came out and he was talking about doing these massive cycles. And at the time, people were looking at him and they're like, oh, well, he survived. And he was big. I could do that too. And I would say that there were a number of people that were like, yeah, three grams is totally normal. And it was just average guys where running these really crazy cycles we did. We've seen backlash to that, I think. Now, and now it seems like it's the opposite, man. We have guys who are like, how little can I take? That seems to be the new trend is more average guys that are more recreational lifters, less competitors. And they're saying, well, what's the least that I can use to get a good result, you know? Guy, can I ask you a question? Of course. Seriously, what? Yeah. About Boston. OK. Do you think he generally did the 10 gram cycles, Eclames? Man, let's a great question, isn't it? I mean, it was, having known what four and a half and five felt like. Ha ha ha. And having known what I could achieve on four and a half and five. I always struggled to understand one how he could cope with 10 gram. Yeah. I felt like dog shit most time to be fair. And to why just that sheer level of antibiotics didn't give him more, I mean, he did grow. I'm not saying he didn't grow, but he was never what would cause a mass monster. I mean, he was never knocking on the doors of being a scary, free, Greek. So did he really do it? We know he ran substantial, but did he feel good? I'll say this. So I forget his coach's name when he was very young. It's right in the tip of my tongue. I know one of our listeners will comment with it. So I want to say thank you to whoever it is, or how many ever of you can remember his name. He said, I think we've just got, you've just got a bad with him as he's still all now. He's still in the work. But from what I understood, that coach had always been a big proponent of super high doses. He would take on young body builders that had good potential, and he would gas them up hard with a lot of gear, a lot of orals. And it was a combination of all that. I think that that's what he was brought up in. So I mean, was it 10 grams? I don't know. It sure did. It sure did get him out of a podcast, and you get people listening to him, because it was so extreme at that time. But I am sure that he gasped it harder than most. I'll say that. Yeah, I don't think there's any doubt around high doses. I was just curious as to whether you actually thought it was quite that high. I think a question, man. I guess we'll never have to. It was 5 and 6 maybe, but maybe not quite into the double digits, like he said. But it was his market employee. I mean, he had a few ways of creating interest. Yeah. And that's what I was doing. And the day was his thing. He did it how he wanted to go at the end of the day. And that's down the end. But yeah, he had a few ways of marketing himself. And I just, I often wondered that maybe that was more marketing than reality. But you never know. I mean, people do do crazy shit. Yeah, yeah, love him or hate him, rest in peace, to Boston, Lloyd. And rest in peace to all the other crazy bodybuilders out there that we've had through the years who have really pushed things. Because it's definitely, there's a certain mentality that I think shows up in our sport where people just want to take it to that extreme. You know? I mean, it eats coal or it is extreme. No, I think it says like excess when it comes to bodybuilding. Well, we need this up. We believe you know. Yeah, the leading us to present day, though. I feel like we are in a better place. I do believe some of the big name pros that I've talked to that have claimed to use lower doses. And I've seen moderate doses lower than that. Like we don't have to push it to that absolute extremist, especially if a guy has good genetics, they were cut out for the sport. So that's a whole other conversation. No, anything else we should mention here, Dave, in the last day. Well, we're all about. Oh, yeah. Yeah. We're skipping over the whole like, farm epidemic because that's okay. Oh, no, no, no, the trolley of our own epidemic in the peptide epidemic. The only good thing about the sound, the sound thing was the sounds that would sound like super drool. Yeah, yeah, there was that. And hey, I'm willing to give another try. Why K11, especially the injectable version. I just talked to a pro that we've had on the podcast in the last several months, who was telling me he ran it for the first time. And he had a good experience. Got very strong off of it. Didn't get a negative appetite effect from it. I don't believe that you're going to get any kind of like my all statin benefits from it. But I basically is from what I understand based off of the steroid backbone. So there's some legitimacy to it, you know. Yeah, he's also, of course, isn't it? They all have their places. I think the sound boom created that area for people that would too cautious or wear it to go fully unabolic. And the peptides gave people that were even more wary and option to get into performance enhanceings, drugs without actually really getting into drugs as such. Sure. And I mean, some of the peptides still do time. You know, I mean, some of the growth performance secretives are viable. They're not super impracting the only reason I think they'd been out of the market is because the cost of all those got so reasonable. Yeah, I mean, oh, man was still as expensive as he used to be. They would still be quite popular. I think he's surprised him. So find actual factor about one real. Yeah. Well, hey, listen, guys, if you have any thoughts, I'm sure that all you at home have your old school cycles that you used to run or new people that ran, you know, comment below. We'd love to hear it in comment with your questions, Dave. We have so many questions for this episode. Unfortunately, we're not going to be able to get to all of them. There were like, I have, I think, like 40 questions lined up. That means that if we did 30 seconds between each question, each, that it would only take us 40 minutes to get through the show. And we know that that's what can happen. Yeah. All right. So like I said, guys, leave us questions for the next one. And if we don't get to your question, comment it again. No offense to like, it's not personal. And if you're new here, we'd love to have you along for all of our shows, guys. We have several different bodybuilding podcasts to come out each week. We've got this, you know, gear focused one. We've got the coaching Q and A. We've got Ron and Dusty. We just have an interview with Jordan Hutchinson that's the day we record this. It's coming out. So you guys already see it by the time this is released. It's time for an update on the super draw break down. People love the Anna draw break down. We did. I feel like we did super draw not too long ago. But I don't know. Does everybody else want us to do super draw again? I like I feel like it wasn't that long ago. Was it Dave? I think he will. I would say, yeah, we'll blast into one. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was around the Olympia. So that's like last October. It's, you know, going out of year. I guess I don't know. I don't know if I have learned anything new about super draw sense and have you. Yeah. Okay. Got to ask guys. Oh, that was the old school dude. Yeah. He had. Yeah. He was doing very low gear back then. And then a deck of debolicycles, switching to wind stroke. Oh, and then somebody mentioned Paul Boris into promoting a local warfare. If you haven't heard of Paul, yeah. He's parts of steroid law that I feel is a worthwhile journey to just explore. But don't sweat the cycles. Completely fucking bunkers. But yeah. Mad genius. No doubt a clever man ahead of his time in lots of ways. Unfortunately, a victim of his own success to a degree. I mean, we lost his grip on reality. I would say towards the end. And there is things about Paul at the back end of his life that were not great. But, but he, he, he definitely took the token walk the wall and pushed the boundaries of what we thought was viable within anabolic's death. OK. So here's a bunch of them. I'm, hey, guys, you say the problem with injectable wind stroke is because it suspended in water and the problem with sterility, which I completely understand. However, what about everything else that's water based, such as growth hormone, alcarnating, glutathione, peptides, et cetera, and why do these not have as high a risk of infection? Um, yeah. So that's there. I could, so Dave, we have like injectable alcarnating from what I understand is not water based. They are using a solvent for that. Um, with peptides, you're mixing that as you go with bacteria static water. And it's such an old, old, old, old. So just so people understand the difference between like a sodium solution that you're having like an IV and that what about Walker as other alcore. So it stays sterile within multiple needles going into it for one of the config of a proper terminology, uh, where as an IV solution does run the risk of contracting a bacteria if it's multiple use, which is why you should be looking at a biostatic, if you're going to be using a water based dissolve compound for multiple injections. So it's a single application. It's not so much of an issue. Yeah. Yeah. And also too, like if you're using growth, uh, it's a lot smaller of an amount. You know, you might, a growth hormone may be like a tenth or a quarter of a mill of water. And it might be going subcube versus jamming in, uh, one C.C., you know, into deep, deep, deep into a muscle. And not to mention to those suspensions are, are, you're very painful. You know, there's a lot of irritation, the microscopic little crystals that are rubbing around in your muscle. And that pain alone can cause your body to wall it off in creating an infection. In fact, you can easily get an infection from like super high dose to gear. What did asked us like, what do you guys think about a 600 milligrams per mill compound? Number one, yeah, you've either got a lot of pain with that or you're using super solvent. So they're going to cause a lot of inflammation, you know. Yeah, no, I'd be, I'm wary of anything of a three hundred of them on this. Anything over that, you are using super solvents to maintain that, you know. Always willing to dose. Yeah. What is that? Yeah. We had a question about over underdosed gear. Okay, so this is older guy says, hey, Scott, Dave, I'm about 60 years old in some. He says, I'm about to be 60 on September 3rd. My birthday is 70 new questions in now. No, my birthday is September 6th. It's coming up. I've been doing TNT for about two plus years now. I mean, decent shape, most of my life and hard labor, uh, that LOL construction work. I'm not trying to do any shows or anything, but I'd like to try to get into my best shape that I can in the for the next 10, 20, 30 years of my life. He's going to be ripped at 90, apparently. Now with TNT therapy, I've noticed after two years of use, exceptional changes in joint pain, back pain and just all around wanting to do stuff. When I work out, I'm trying to get a solid routine. It's mostly later weights and higher reps. Is there anything you'd recommend for guys in my age group? Greatly appreciated. Watch all the ThinkBick episodes on YouTube. Thanks. I think you can train heavy. I think you've just got to be sensible about the volume of heavy work you do and maybe stick to say one exercise, heavy or one big compound heavy in a certain body part. So you're not doing set after set after set of heavy. Form becomes a big factor with age. Quality of rep quality of control, making sure there's no balance in making sure there's no momentum because you're just, your body just can't take those jobs anymore. Yeah. What are you, T? For the guys at the world as a mixing, they're not so labor, I think adding an inability if it's a UT really helps get the muscle warm and allows you to stress the muscle in a way without overly stressing the joint. What's T, you know? Time and attention. I like a five second down tempo. I thought it was like tests on the canoate therapy. That's right. Yeah. Test on the side of the net, that's what you thought wasn't it. Oh, yeah. Now, to you, T, test on the canoate therapy. It's a long one to attention. Yeah. Super, reps allow you to maximize the stimulus out of smaller weights. But what they also do is allow you to focus load on the muscle in a way from the joint. When you can't do that, it takes a little bit for, it takes a little bit of practice. But naturally, when we do a lift, we have three elements that really involved in the list. We have a skeletal frame with our attending attachment at ligament chip and we have our muscle with practice and correct formification. You can really minimize the amount of skeletal frame and ligament engagement, you're getting a really focused, much more load on the muscle. And then you can use less total load because a higher percentage of the load you're using is hitting the muscle. And just for a spitball argument, there's a set you're bench pressing 200 kilo, but you're only getting 60% of that load hitting the muscle. If you can bench press 170 kilo, but get 85% of that to hit the muscle, then you're getting more muscle stimulus, but let's joint wear and tear because you're using a lower maximum weight. Yeah. You know, that can come in, but it does take practice, it does take a bit of time. But I think the biggest thing is you're approached to training and being not reserved but being economical about what you do in the way you load your skeletal frame or where you load your joints because they're only going to take so much grief. And you know, when we're 22, we could go in and throw weights around, we could bounce 200 plus kilo off his chest and all that, a bit sore next day and then they have to be normal. You do it now and it's two weeks of God's confidence. Yeah. You know, and he's just 8 unfortunately. So it's just about being sensible, but it doesn't stop you training every, but I would say it stops you in how you apply that heavy training. I'll just throw a couple things in because I like everything you're seeing here that so if he's about, you know, 60, the amount of volume and load that he can handle now, obviously isn't going to be as great as when he was younger. I know plenty of guys that are older, that are doing too much. They're like in the gym all the time. They're training 60, seven days a week and you're not going to be able to make any progress that way. You're going to get a lot of overuse injuries. You know, I would say back that off, you know, get the most out of what you're doing so that you don't necessarily have to do as many sets. So I would actually even consider possibly going heavier, believe it or not, going heavier, but getting more out of the weight that you're, the shots of the injuries, of exposure to it. Yeah, I found that with, with absolutely pristine control in my weight, my risk of injury goes down. And if I'm pushing to my ultimate max, I can continue to grow muscle, but I can only handle a very limited amount of them. At my ultimate highest strength man, I dialed it all the way back to one day on two days off. And I was at my strongest end at my biggest two, like now in my 40s, right? Which, you know, I tried all through my 30s to grow grow. Yeah, yeah, no, in my 70s. So yeah, just throwing that out there to him is how many days are you training, make sure that your intention is in those sets and then ask yourself, like, well, what can I cut back in? And also to look at your technique, like, are you, are you like locking out your knees on the leg press and stacking your joints? Are you locking out hard or are you trying to use constant motion, constant reps, you know, where you can kind of just keep the tension in the muscle versus like going to the joint set be something I would add to. Those are the first places. I think that anything else gear wise or anything like that would be a band aid. And hey, part of it is going to be wearing tear too. If he's been doing construction in he's 16 now, you're probably going to have some sort of joints. You know, don't make it worse with here with the thing that you love, you know? How about this one? Let's see, this episode has me wondering what a four weeks true TRT, four weeks of TRT plus would be like. Sorry, Dave, I know you hate that term. This could be a fun experiment for a few rounds. Because we're talking about the short two week on two week off cycles. The thing is, if you do, let's say, let's speak because of the CTRT, 120 to 150 milligrams a week. Yeah. And your TRT plus is 300 milligrams a week. So we still load those. We're not doing anything. Nice problem. Whether you do your four weeks of TRT plus, right? The first two weeks is not three weeks of just your TRT. You're still going to be above range. You're not going to be back in range unless you do a clear break to allow your levels to drop down as soon as you add TRT in. So as soon as you go, so I week for a friend of milligrams and do that week, start with TRT. The 300 level that you've achieved in your most famous Guinness start to drop. But then you put your TRT and it's going to push you back up a little bit. So let's do some spitball numbers. These are made up. These are accurate in anyway. At the end of my four week period of 300 milligrams of test a week, I have a circulating in and more level of 60. OK. I'm dropping. If I don't do anything, I will drop that by 20 and more a week. OK. OK. I'm going to get the week one. My animal is four to. But then I put my TRT in which takes me back up to 50. End of week two. I'm 30. Then I put my TRT and it takes me back up to 40. End of week three. I'm 20. Then I put it on back into natural ranges. Then I put my TRT back in and now 30. So I'm just above range. So it's not to week four. Then I'm back into a TRT natural range. And then week five, I'm starting a blast again. So you're basically not really having much time off. No. So it's not. Unless you can do what you want at the end of the day, there's no harm, lots of there's no harm, that's wrong way of pointing it. But there's no judgment in any of you want to do things a certain way. That's entirely your choice. But just make sure you understand what you're doing and how it affects you. So in that scenario, you're not returning to TRT. The only way you'd return to TRT would be 4x300 to weeks of nothing. Then my TRT, then back to my 4x300. Now that would work in that you'd have a complete clear space. But if you're going to go straight from any sort of elevated level into a TRT, just be aware that your period of elevation is going to be extended. Yeah, I would agree with that. I think that that's something to consider. All right, how about this one? We had another guy who was another older guy. He says, uh, love the podcast, great job. Very educational, 65 years old, 140 pounds. I've been working out for 50 years plus. Um, I've done 10 weeks cycles maybe once or twice per year. I've been, it's been a year now since my last, uh, cycle of 200 milligrams of test and 200 milligrams of DACA. Good gains. I'm ready to go again with the same cycle. But now I have EQ in mass, your opinions. What does he mean the same cycle? That's like, hey, Dave, I love chocolate cake every year. I've eaten chocolate cake on my birthday. This year, I'm going to do the exact same thing in each chocolate cake. Finally, I have vanilla cake. Yeah, he's going to need a test base with either of those compounds. He could easily replace the deck with the EQ or the deck with the mass to be fair. I wouldn't run EQ and massed together both even with the test base because of the double anti-Extrusion effect that's going to be there because you're going to get a certain like effect under the AI effect. So I'd pick one of the other. Could run the test deck at plus mass or test deck at plus EQ. Yeah. He's wanting to increase his overall dose in or he could do the test and either the EQ or the mass. That would be my opinion. Another older guy, Dave. These are all that he did. You know, far. It must be. It must be there. Like this guy is 57. I want to look like him, you know, or no, they're like, you know, from the neck down. I mean, I'm like, I'm 65. I look better than this guy. This is awesome. Man, I feel good about myself. I'll watch this show. So, all right. This is, uh, I'm over 60 and I've been training for a whole year in hardly any results. But I've gotten very strong. I do everything correctly. My muscles just don't grow in bulk. Can you guys please help me? He said nothing about his diet. I'm very curious to know. I bet you. I've gotten my. My fist. But first two points would go to one are you natural or are you on T.R.T. Um, because low hormones could be choking your progress. And I'm not saying you need to go on cycle, but you know, if you can at least maintain relatively healthy hormone levels, and that's going to help with your progress. Yeah. And the other thing is where your diet is because even if your diet was crap, if you were eating in excess, you would have gained weight. Yeah. If you've not gained it, whatever, then you've got no excess going in a calorie. So, one thing is you need more calories. But obviously they want to be a decent quality and a good source. So, there would be the two things I'd be looking at where where is my diet from a quality, but also from a quantity point of view, because, you know, the end of the day, if you're training hard, you're gaining strength, which means you're training, you're stimulating progress, but you're not growing or gaining any physical size or weight, then you can't be in enough calories as simple as that. And then the other aspect is where are you hormoneally, and you know, do you need T.R.T.R.T. What's going on with that? It all say this couple things. Number one, diet wise. If he's not getting enough food in, at the place I would start is with your protein intake. I would shoot for, I don't even care what his body weight is. Let's just go to two grams per pound of actual body weight, not lean body mass, but start there. And if you just make that change in nothing else, I bet you that you would see some progress. You could do a lot more with the diet, that's for sure. I don't know what he's doing now, though. Split that up into, you know, four meals, five meals a day. You could make a couple of those meals shakes, you know, 50 grams of protein per shake, but, you know, where every sat figure, it's probably going to be, you know, 200, it's probably going to be anywhere from 300 to 400 grams of protein. 400 might be a little bit high, you know, if he's, if he's 150 pounds, you know, but, so that would be, yeah, yeah. So somewhere in there, though, you know, 1.5 to 2 grams of protein per shake, you're not failing to do it, right? Yeah, I had to think about it. I was like, well, fees, yeah, you might not need that much. We'll go with 1.5 to 2 grams per, because normally I would say lean body mass, but in this case, I'm saying, like, total body weight, you know, which, if it's really obese, I started thinking, well, maybe that could be a problem there, you know what I mean? All right. And you could reach out to, you know, somebody to coach you, reach out to David. I, these are exactly the situations that we deal with every day. Let's see. Oh, this is an interesting point from Dan Smith. He's one of our longtime listeners. He's been following the channel forever. He said, my memory on shorter cycles back in the day, where they were because of the lack of gear. Muscle media, 2000 magazine used to run articles about short cycles. One article was about a guy who traveled in state in Mexico for one week, every month, but didn't want to smuggle gear back into America. From memory, he would take something like one, just an on amp on Friday night, another amp on Saturday and Sunday morning, something along those lines. And then being along, being along acting, he'd have superficial logical levels of testosterone for at least three to four weeks. And then he'd top up again on his next visit. That's interesting, huh? There, there's, yeah, I mean, there will be definitely loads of stories about people base on circumstances. I know a lot of show lots of do that sort of thing. I mean, they'll load up whether they're here because they've got four weeks of show whether they know the guy I've ever been. Yeah. It was not ideal, but you work around the circumstances you're given though. Feedback from the last episode on Anadral profile. He said, it gives me bad headaches. I told him, hey, check your blood pressure. Because that's one thing we didn't mention. It's an notorious for high BP. Yeah, sorry, it is a book of football, but I sure yes. Yeah, a couple people mentioned headaches. No, I used to get splitting headaches off Anadral. Just finished a 10 week cycle of Anadral at 50 milligrams a day, but not for about three week now. And boy, do I miss the pumps? You mentioned that a 10 milligram dose is effective and safe. But how long could you run 10 milligrams? I don't think that was us. He definitely wasn't in that context. Yeah, I wonder if he's been sticking on another. I'm going to say something about my raffle a few cages. Oh, Dave's going to rail a cage just today, guys. Okay. And he's not directed at anyone person, but that comment has stimulated it. If you've been off drugs for three weeks, and you're now looking for just a fashion to go back on drugs within three weeks, because you missed the effect of the drugs. Replaced that drug with any other drug in the world. And you're talking about Anadic behavior. Yeah, I mean, it would be, no, it would be, you've got to develop a healthy relationship with any substance you use. And that means you have to understand that time away is important in the overall management of your health with that substance. It's like alcohol. You know, you want to go out and get drunk. No big deal. Not going to do you do it. Do that every bloody day, every bloody weekend. We're going to have problems. And that's what I want to throw in is that that the element isn't the wanting to do it. It's the willingness to do something that compromises your health. That's where the issue is. So when you start with this chain of thought, you really need to step back into a world, I'm going to admit it. You know, this is, I'm looking for ways to justify more drug use. I've had a successful cycle. Yeah, the pumps have gone big deal. Train art. Workers hard as you can in this natural phase. In getting to the stage you were with the, with the Anavar. And then the next time you use drugs, you will see progression. Yeah. But if you step right back into some form of chemical crooks, all you're going to see Develop is a psychological dependency that I can't grow. I can't progress. I can't do anything unless I'm using drugs. Agreed. Very thin end of a very simply slope that I end up dealing with them the opposite end Two, three years down the line. When people are actually facing problems, but now have this real mental difficulty of stepping away from compounds because they have become so much of their identity. Yeah. I mean, I know someone who had a triple bypass because they couldn't do it. They couldn't leave who they felt they were away. That's an idiot. Yeah, it is. But it's a fact. Now, this is very early days and this makes sound like a big overreaction and potentially it is. But it also sounds really strong warning alarms to me. You're only, I just something in. It's very early in your usage. If you're already down that thought process, just take a moment, step back and just reassess where you are. No Anavaric use is safe in the true meaning of the term. But you can manage risks and you can minimize risks. But there's no safe. You can't just take an animal they can forget about. They have the potential. Yeah. And the 10 milligrams of Anavaric that wasn't a binoc, we've always said, I mean, 5 10 milligrams, it will be beneficial to enhance performance to get a better pump. But it's not going to lay on a bunch of lean muscle tissue for somebody that wants to become a bodybuilder. You know, it's just not the type of cycling that we would use. We've discussed it many times. We looked at that study that Scott Stevenson had. It was like 40 to 60 milligrams was the like optimal. Yeah, dosing for growing muscle. That's not for feeling better in the gym, you know, or being. No, I mean, if you want to feel better in the home, take a pretty workout pump. Home page. Yeah, there are a lot of things you can do in hack. Man, I would honestly say something like growth hormone would be a lot of a lot of growth hormone would be a great consideration between cycles to be able to continue getting great pumps. Not be dealing with the same things that you're dealing with from, you know, any any anabolic steroids. So I'd consider something along those lines possibly. Have a question for you guys. Okay, back more about anadraw. Because we've got some questions on that from last week. What anadraw would be good for sprinting. I have a bottle at home. I do a lot of cardio based high intensity workouts on 200 milligrams of test E cheers. Dude, Dave, I remember trying to run on debol. I got halfway around the block and I couldn't walk any further because my calves were so pumped. Yeah, there's a couple of properties around anadraw that actually would make it sound attractive. But there is one big factor which you just alluded to that makes it very unadracted. Anadraw increases with blood cells, so in a high cardio, high stamina sort of scenario. That's useful. That's beneficial to performance. The issue is going to be the horrendous pumps that are always going to cause particularly light lower black bumps. Which is probably going to make your physical performance impossible to actually even do. Yeah, I wouldn't be the choice to drug of choice in my book personally. But I mean, the ABC and the hemoglobin effect would be beneficial, but the pump side and that element of it would be the night just to slide. It'd be an extreme negative. I mean, I think you've experienced the bout pumps where you walk. Oh yeah. I mean, you've just got to sit down because you're not what's right. Yeah. Anadraw, debol, any of that stuff. Can you get a rebound effect from short cycles on then off until clean? Yeah, absolutely. Dave, I've got a guy that I'm working with right now competing this weekend. He's used only TNT through the whole prep. Okay, and then toward the end last couple weeks, he's like, hey, I can get some wind strobe. Do you think that would help? And I was like, sure, we throw it in. So all he's been on for the entire prep has been wind strobe for the last couple weeks plus his TNT. He is peeled. And now in the off season, he wants to run a cycle. He hasn't really run a lot of gear before, but yeah, so we're going to go straight away. You know, obviously there's factors post show, but the reality is, yeah, it's all in the diet and your insulin sensitivity, right? For rebound, yeah. Yeah, it's, and I think it's hard when you come off the back of a show, because you do. You, you, you want to eat what you've denied yourself for for 16 weeks, 20 weeks, whatever it is you've been doing. But if you can control that rebound, the, the growth you can get off that can be as good as a large cycle. It's surprising how well you can manage a rebound and how much productivity you can get out of it. If you can reverse diet, but each challenge in when you've been dying for so long to then be back on diet and just slowly increasing your food. It's a grind, particularly if there's family pressures as well. Yeah. So this guy says, my first cycle was back in 1983. It was a hundred tabs of sintrex, an apple in. He said, they were five milligrams, not 50 milligrams, and I put on 15 pounds. I don't, I've never seen five milligrams, I'm going to draw before have you. Yeah, yeah, they, it actually comes in as a two point five. Medicles. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I haven't seen those, I thought that 50 was the popular number. I think when you go back to the 80s, you're, you're really looking now at the medications. You're looking at prescription drugs that were available on the black market. You're not looking at you, yeah. But you said, how much, what was the medical dosing into your hair? Oh, the medical dosing is higher than the number kilo, yeah. Even for children, but I have seen it, it is medically available from 2.5, open. Okay. Oh, we have some Uncle Dave's wisdom questions here. We got a couple of them today. People actually ask you, Uncle Dave's wisdom stuff. So we'll get to those. Let's see if we have time for a couple more. How long have we been running here for Dave? What's going on? 48. All right. Let's see if we can find one more good one guys. And then we'll get to Uncle Dave's wisdom. Let's see. Let's see. There's someone about fake gear. Let's see. Best test doses, not to lose muscle. Second cycle. Man, oh, okay. Here's the guy we missed last week. I didn't glad I saw this one, Dave. He said, hey, man, thanks for mentioning me at the end of the show. Here's my question against this. You didn't get to it. Hi, guys. Love the show. I looking forward to every installment. I just had my bloods done by Eval. Whole experience was superb. I have a question about gyno. As a teenager, I had really bad gyno. Consider for a considerable amount of time. Soar large buildup of hard tissue in the nipple and breast size equivalent of that of my female peers. Oh, poor guy. Then after puberty, it went. It just went. Now, in my late 40s, I feared suffered from gyno. I feared suffering from gyno when hopping on gear. As I thought, I would be genetically predisposed problems. As it turns out, I can blast the test and daca, a gram and a half plus with no AI and have never had a problem. Why do you think this is? And is it a common phenomena? Thanks to you both, Darrell. He says, I also have to ask Uncle Dave because I, for one, really appreciate his pros of wisdom. With Dave being a man mountain and capable of using his size to his advantage and having no doubt been faced with adversity on many occasions, what would be a few tips on controlling temper and knee jerk reactions? I'm quite a fellow, quite a mellow fellow. But everyone has their breaking point and I'd love to know what work to for Dave. Thanks again and keep up the tremendous dependest work. So on the gyno from, if I can read today, geez. So hormonal, the hormonal environment is obviously changed. Do you get people with how you should intolerances? Yes, I'm one of them. Used to be able to go superdally high with each room and have a negative impact from it. So that isn't, I wouldn't say it's common, but it's also not unusual. You know, there are plenty of people out there that do actually co-highest you don't quite well. What's changed in the environment between then and now is very hard to say. You know, through puberty we're developing both hormonally, but we're also developing hormonally receptor-wise as well. And obviously there was a definite amount of sensitivity for some reason at some point. Something you've grown out of, which is quite common in puberty, and gyno that the individual will grow out of the condition. So it's not always a precept for that. It's going to be a problem for the rest of your days. Unfortunately, we're not knowing where hormons were. When you were at a teenager, it's difficult to say what the driving factor is. It could have potentially been that DHT levels were low DHT as a very anti-guino action. That's what. And obviously when you're using antibiotics, you do have a level of increased DHT. So it may have been something on that lines. It may be that you're when you were younger because the DHT was low that you've become particularly sensitive to DHT. So now when you use antibiotics DHT levels that raise in line with your testosterone level are actually a little bit above and beyond from you from a point of view of being anti-guino. Yeah. But it is difficult to say without more data. Now from a ten-per-thing, I found personally the aggression for a large percentage of people comes from fear. Or a lack of feeling in control. Now for me when I was on gear and when I was big, because I felt capable because I was strong, I was big and I had the presence to be able to command the room. I didn't get aggression because I didn't find myself in situations where I was in the fear for, or where I felt I was out of control. I always felt I could control the environment I was in, which meant there was no fear so there was no reason to get aggressive. We're all going to lose our tempers at some point, it's part of nature. And sometimes it's quite healthy to do so. And I mean, I've had situations where I've had people taking advantage of taking the piss and I've tried to stay calm and become and continue to take the piss despite discussing the problems and explaining my position with it all and everything out. And it's only taken five minutes of me losing my temper. So then to completely stop the negative behaviour, I've not had to do anything physical, I've just had to verbally lose my call with them. And then the brand knew it was until I got to that point, they thought it was just words, there was never going to be anything to back it up. So it's difficult to judge when display a temper is necessary because it reinforced the intention that you've expressed you are capable of and when words are just enough. But I'd always start with the words. And I think also we've been big and being strong. I also ultimately add a reservation about deploying that. I could imagine, yeah. Because it's, yeah, a lot of that is done. And I've never looked particularly approachable. I have what most people call resting bitch face. So when I'm not actively engaged, I do look grumpy and miserable as shit. I don't look very approachable. I'm even now I'm 350 bound with a bold head covered in tattoos. So I've spent a lot of my life. I'm not resentful of how I appear, but I've also been conscious of fact that I've had to break the ice to do away with a preconception of people may have of who or what I am because of the way I look. Yeah. And sometimes I mean the legal work and stuff like that has gone a long way into supporting that because of how I have to present myself and how I have to talk in those sort of situations. So yeah, I would never ever say get rid of all aggression because I don't think it's advisable. But I think you just need to learn when to deploy it. And even though it may be aggressive, it still needs to be controlled. When you lose your temper, when you lose aggression, when you're out of control is when the problem starts and that's usually born out of opinion. But honestly, if fear of being scattered to something, it could be a fear of a lack of control or a fear of a lack of being able to control the environment which you're in. Yeah. Hey, listen, we've got two more Uncle Days of Ice questions. And also two, we are live, but for some reason we're not seeing the comments. So we know, we will comments, man. I've got to see any comments. Yeah, me either. I just went to the page itself and I commented to say, hey, guys, we haven't been able to see the comments in this episode. I've been trying to do things a little bit different and proves the recording. My video looks crappy over YouTube right now, the live version. So hey, look at me as well. Yeah, it's not just you, man. So hey, real quick, I'll say this man. I was never the biggest guy even at my biggest. But because I was a very small human being, like 125 pounds when I started lifting. I've never felt big and I've had people tell me, like, I wouldn't want to mess with you. Or like, nobody's going to want to mess with you, man. Even at my biggest, and I'd be like, I don't see it. Why is that? You know what I mean? So I never felt like the biggest guy, but I will say this. As it concealed carrier, I have to be really careful with my attitudes and my temper. You know, honestly, man, the first time that I carried, I was like, oh, shit. Like, I'm not going to flip anybody off on the road. You know what I mean? I'm not going to provoke anything because I don't want this to escalate in any way, because I recognize the damage I could do. It's interesting that they have statistics on concealed carriers. You know, obviously, you know, we have like, it's on an FBI background checks and stuff to be able to do what I do. So like, we are actually considered to be people who don't commit crimes. And now I recognize two, man. Like, this is a situation where like, you know, there's no small fights in the world. And when you're a kid and you start picking fights, you don't expect it to end in the worst case scenario. You know, but at this point I realized, like, man, I don't want anything to go wrong. I want to avoid fights by any way. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, somebody cuts me off and gives me the finger. And then they want to get in a fight at the light. Yeah, my bad, man. You know, you take care. You know what I mean? Whether take that attitude, then end up in a, you know, a pissing match that literally changes my life forever, you know? I, I think you've also, how could I, what's the cost to you for that moment of outlet? What's the cost to you? And that's one thing I always run into back in my head is, if I do this, what's the cost to me? I mean, I'm in the ground. I mean, I went, I went for the cost. Of course. Two more. Jake has one forces says Dave, I bet there's a lot of young people listening that could use some advice from a ladies man like you, but knows how to kick up a girl or a boyfriend. That's what you should do for Uncle Dave's wisdom sometime. I'm interested. I want to hear how you picked up your first boyfriend. I have never been very good in the, obviously, sex attraction game. I've never been very good. Always like confidence in that department to be honest. But what I will say is that if you, it what do you want out of the partner? Are you wanting a relationship or are you wanting a sexual encounter? If you want a sexual encounter, politely, but just request it. It saves a lot of house. It scares me, man. Right. It saves a lot of house. It saves a lot of house. But if you're looking for a relationship, then I think the only way you're going to foster a relationship with some of them, but if you are true to you. I think the biggest problem is, and we all do this, we go out on the pool, wearing our best clothes, in our best behavior, wearing possibly items of jewelry that we can't really afford, or, you know, so much makeup that we don't look like what we really do. And we give this best foot forward appearance to somebody. And yes, it attracts somebody, but they're attracted to a year pretending to be, they're not attracted to you. Yeah. Two months down the line, when you sat there fart and picking your nose and flicking bullies over the room, they're looking across it even like, what the hell have I got with? It's like, what is it like? What is it like? I just had this lie. I'm not saying you should be deliberately on koof, but at the same time, I think you should be true to you, because otherwise you just false advertising. I like that. And you build in a relationship that's going to be based on a lie, and with the best lie in the world, trying to maintain that long term, it's not happening. Where if you're honest or upfront, and you're truthful with your perspective partner, then they know what they're buying, they've got a proper inspection of the car they're getting, and they're getting, they say, well, yeah, it's worth the money and the mileage or it's not. And so I do think that when you're looking for a relationship, openness and honesty is key. And you shouldn't be ashamed of your past because it is your past, and if a person can't accept your past, then they can't accept you, and they're not the person for you, despite how attractive they may be, or how happy they may be you, or how much they make you smile, or how much they give you a bonus, it doesn't really matter if they can't accept you for you. If you have to pretend to be somebody you're not, then that isn't a relationship. Yeah. Now I think that's all great advice, man. All right, well, more, I can't believe it. We finally got some questions for Uncle Dave's wisdom today. All right, here's another one for Dave from Crohn's Lifter. I turned 30 this year and I love bodybuilding more than ever, but I also love my life. And I'm struggling to balance work with passions and everything I want to get out of the next 30 years or so. Oh, I cut it off. It says read more. How does he suggest creating the right balance? And he might have said more after that. But I think he probably said, I love the show, especially Scott Dave's socks, but I listen to him anyway. Yep, those are his words. I read it. Yep. Difficult. And the reason it's difficult is that if you want to succeed at something, as intruly succeed at something, there's a strong chance it's going to take 75% of your effort. So it doesn't leave a lot for everything else. So if you've got multiple avenues, you want to pursue those two ways of looking at this. One is periodic period, period, period, period, period, period, period. Yeah, you go. The effort on the pursuit. So for arguments say, I'm 30 years old. I'm into bodybuilding for the next five years. I'm going to really focus on that. Yeah. I'm not going to completely negative get negative everything else because you still need to work in a career in everything else. But I'm really going to put a lot of my spare time into bodybuilding. But that means you're not going to have time for other factors. And then you go at 3435 bodybuilding stops and I'm going to focus on something down or I'm going to focus on my family. I'm going to focus on my career. All the other things to accept that you are not going to be 100% of everything because it's just not possible. So you create a balance of what level of effort you're willing to give to the particular pursuit. So it might be Monday to Friday lunchtime, I am a bodybuilder. I live brief bodybuilding. But then Friday afternoon and the weekend, I'm dedicated to my family. Or I'm dedicated to long-bodied nor I'm dedicated to macram or whatever it is you're other thing is. Or it could be another switch where Monday to Thursday it's work. 100% folks and work and then Friday Saturday Sunday is bodybuilding. So you might be have to do some sort of structuring and not say exactly the light that but some sort of structuring where you devote time to one act and time to know it might be that you know what? I'm going to get up at five, I'm going to train before work and I'm not even going to turn my phone on or look at it to last rough any strain. So my training in the morning is completely bodybuilding focused. Diet's easy to fit in around things that actually isn't that hard, we just make it hard. And then I'm going to focus on my work to accept time and then after that time I'm going to focus on family time. And I think you sometimes have to be that structured you have to be you have to be that divisionalised to get it to work to some degree. I struggle, I've always struggle, everything tends to merge. I mean here I am away, it's supposed to be family time on holiday and this isn't a digger doing the podcast but obviously I still work right, Jackie, so do. I still got you very worked to do. And I try to create a balance where Monday to Wednesday I work to the back 12, one o'clock. Then I take two, three, four hours off and then I'll do an hour and hour and half in the evening to catch up. And then the rest of the week I'll just try and fit it in on the phone as I can in and around whatever we do it. And Charles really, really tolerant of it because there's a point for me that I get pissed off with it and it's like, well I'm already, I just want to break. Yeah. But I've never quite got the balance right but when I was into bodybuilding it was bodybuilding and as a result everything else did suffer. So when I start with the bodybuilding I focus more on family life and I focus more on work but that meant the bodybuilding stopped. But that's me, I am a bit all or nothing in what I do. Yeah, for better or worse. Yeah, I sort of have to, it's just how I work. So if I struggle with the current situation which is working till lunchtime because I'm doing the work. I'm doing the work and I'm thinking, I can't be asked with this because I've been lunch so I've got to go to the lunchtime. Where if I know I'm working all day I'm into it, I'm doing it, I'm focused on one with it. But when it's broken, not like that, I struggle with it. I even sort of need complete time off or full-board on work. I'm quite happy to work seven days a week, doesn't bother me in the slightest. I'm gradually crack away of that. But if you tell me that you're having two afternoons off, then I'll struggle because I've got this mix now. I'm a brain to the like it. Well listen, I'll let it something here Dave, is that I accept for competing. When you're competing especially toward the end, things do get really difficult. And I would say that I've actually used a, I used a, not a quote, but something John Meadows had said, I asked him about this once and he said, you know, I tell my wife that last 48 weeks, you know, it is going to have to be more bodybuilding. I have to make that the priority because that's the point where things are hard. You're not going to have as much energy. But then after that, and so they have an understanding, you know, if you go into that knowing, his wife knows that this is what he's going to have to do. But then after that, he doubles down on giving attention to the family. You know, that's what he said he did. And they had an agreement going into that. So outside of that last 48 weeks of a contest prep, I don't understand why it is so much work to be a bodybuilder because you can make all the progress that you need in four days of training per week. Like if you really want to pare it down, even three days of training, if that's dial of training works for you, the food, you have to eat anyway. If you love bodybuilding, then it's not necessarily going to be convenient, but you can, you can make it work. You can get everything else. You know, everything else in your life. So I don't believe that it has to be this or bodybuilding. I've heard people say like, oh, no, man, I need to spend more time. And yeah, I agree, man, you can't neglect your family. You can't neglect your job. But you definitely should have to begin with, is my opinion. I think sometimes the problem isn't so much what you can do, it's the perception of the people around you. So like when I was pushing hard, I had no issue with sticking to the diet. I had no issue with eating the food and carrying the food with me, but shyly at it. Well, then that's a relationship thing. And yeah, she didn't like, she didn't like the fact that we couldn't sit down and have a normal meal together in her head. And it's like, what difference is it making, I mean, chicken or rice? Yeah. And if you're eating a burger and chips, what's the difference? She wanted me to share in her activities. And that's where the problems were. It wasn't that I couldn't eat the food. It was that the partner's relationship was struggling with my adherence to that program. So sometimes it's not difficult in a sense of you being able to do it. It's difficult in a sense of it working within your relationship. I think that's something as a coach. This is something I tried to really manage. I didn't pay as much attention to it, but in the past. But now, I want somebody to have the experience where they're integrating bodybuilding into their lives. I think it's important that they have talks with their significant other, so that everybody is on the same page. And I think that, you know what, there's no reason that for most of the year that you, you know, you should be able to have an off-plan meal. You know, let's say that you guys like to always go out on Sundays and do a certain thing. Well, like, let's make that work. And we can figure out your food to accommodate that. Maybe that might mean that you're not eating quite as many carbs on, you know, you're not training days to offset some additional food that you're getting on that day. I think that there is a way to make that work. You know, at the end of the day, I feel like people sometimes, like, to me sometimes it's a cop out, honestly. Because then I get angry with you. Yeah, without you. Then, you know, what ends up happening is like, well, I got to, you know, I want to dedicate the center of the family. You are important too. You're important. And if you're, if you, you know, taking care of yourself is important. And I'm not saying, like, oh, body, buildings and selfish thing, and you need to be selfish. No, you need to think of everybody else. But you need to make it so that you are responsible for all your stuff. They're not responsible for cleaning out your diff is in the sink. They're not responsible for making your foods. They're not responsible for keeping you on time. And if you happen to go a couple hours over on a meal because you're out with family, you need to be responsible for, like, sucking it up and dealing with that. Don't make any of body buildings there. I suppose we'll be with them. If I was 10 minutes late for me, I was on ratty, you're on the asshole. Yeah, you know, nobody wants to be around that, man. So it's, I know. And it is, I was so a program to eat that, that if anything, not me off that schedule, I struggled. I'm not saying I wasn't like that to it times, man. Like, this is me reflecting in what I had learned. It's easy. When we saw why we are now, because we're not in the, in any moment. But yeah, I mean, I do have clients that do it though, you know, and I was able to achieve my first couple of contest preps. I was a bear to be around. I'm sure that, but I think it's important that we learn to make it, you know, if, if at the least, we're not taking away from the people that love us. And if we can do that, that means like you doing that is what loving body building is all about and keeping it in your life. I used to think years ago Dave's that, like, oh, man, and this is back when Gold's Venice was something. Like, oh, dude, to be a pro in like just hanging out in Gold's all day and training, taking a nap, going to the firehouse, he can clean food, staying on track with my meal, by all of that. That's like hardcore, body building, no dude. Hardcore body building is competing at master's nationals, having a family with three or four kids, you know what I mean? You're having a whole lot of job managing all that stuff, still going to the family picnics, like my client Nick Focolo did this past year. He nailed it, man. And guess what, his family was utterly thrilled for him when he got his pro card. Like, they were excited versus the opposite being like, yeah, you won your show, but you're also two steps away from a divorce, you know? I've got a client, he don't compete. He's probably spent less than two weeks in his own home in the last year. Okay. He's a bodyguard. Oh, and he runs a team and he is constantly on the move, constantly in different countries. And it is literally lottery where are you this week? What have we got, what food can we work with? Can we trade? Okay. And he's still managed to make very solid progress. Yeah. I mean, he's still sitting at 280 pound, still runs regularly. You know, he's not shredded, but under the circumstances, the fact that he makes any progress for it all is outstanding. And it can be done, there's definitely it can be done, but there will, I think sometimes as well, and I will be able to get with myself where you fall into the, it has to be extreme, it has to be this. You know, I have to do this, I never. And there is an element of balance can be achieved. It all depends on what level you're looking to achieve, and where your genetics put you in your ability to achieve that. True. Good genetics make it a lot, bloody easy. Yeah. Well, listen, Dave, I appreciate you taking the time on your vacation again, to hang with us and let's just leave it for us and for France. And we'll make sure everything's fixed next time, guys, so that you'll be able to hang with us in the live stream. On that note, I'm working on getting our video podcast available at Spotify, because as of right now, Spotify is just audio. But I'm going to start boosting up our engagement at Spotify, so definitely comment over there, follow us on Spotify. We need a second outlet, you know, I'm sure you guys saw that in a bog body building is down right now. Whew, shout out to Paul, man, and I wish him the best with it. It's the scary thing that we're in this position we are. We are literally trying to help, you know, and we don't want to add negativity or, you know, add anything that could hurt people with what we do. I wish that YouTube could understand that, you know, but definitely make sure that you follow the back up channel, follow the YouTube live channel, you know, that that's where we air the live podcast as we record them. That will be our fallback. Spotify will be our fallback. We have our rumble, we'll be posting over there. And of course, the show's always out on audio podcasts. Enjoying the think big Facebook group. Facebook is an awesome, they seem to be editing and deleting some of our posts. It's another meta app, but hey, you know, it's something we have. We've got over 2,000 people in the community there. We'd love to have you guys there, especially if things go dark, you won't lose contact with us, Dave, right? Yep, true. Go to evenbottiluss.com, get your lab work done by Dave. Go to a strong sports nutrition, get good health. Good health supplements, great health stacks, especially if you're on cycle. Supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. Like, close out blowout deals, real good deals. Turnutrition.com, use our code, think over there for all your basic body building supplements. Like, create in and interwork out and protein powder. Every protein powder you can think of tons of great flavors. Use our code, think. Patreon guys, we'll knock out our Patreon questions next. So definitely fill us up with questions over at Patreon guys. And Dave, are you taking new clients while you're in vacation or you're holding off to get them out? Yeah, okay. Okay. Hit them up over on social media. We'll have that linked below guys and you hit me up with Natalie Dyson.com. And for another episode of the podcast, we will see you soon. Thanks, everybody. And thank you, Dave. Bye, Jeff.