What's up guys, welcome back to Bloods Wet and Gear with Coaches. Skip Hill and you're bearing myself Scott McNally all over programming is brought to you by truenutrition.com. Use our code think over there for additional savings on high quality third party test and supplements all your basic stuff like creatin, intra workout, protein powder. We are brought to you by supplement source dot CA for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. And of course we're brought to you by patreon either this episode or the next episode. We've got some patreon questions. We're going to tackle those and we are joined by a special guest today. We've got Andrew Ritter with us. I don't think it's a stretch to say that you could be a freaking phenomenal pro in the future man. I met you at the Olympia. You just happened to be walking by and you're like, oh, hey Scott, listen to the podcast. It's like, oh, no kidding. The guy I was talking to knew you. He was another listener of the show. He was like, oh, that's Andrew. I know Andrew. He's a good bodybuilder. So I was like, oh, no kidding. So we talked for a minute. We reconnected on social media and I was like, hey, man, let's get you on the show. I wanted to introduce you to our audience and you know, just hear what you're all about. I don't know anything other than your coach by Chris Tuttle and you've got a freaky physique. You haven't even competed yet, right? Yeah, I've never competed. I've never been in the coach. Wow. That's wild, man. That's wild. I'm just a great skip so that you can see what he looks like. Check this out. So here's the picture. It's cute that you assumed I didn't do my due diligence. Oh, no, I knew. I knew. I knew. Exactly. You knew. So these are what? These are a week ago, Andrew? Yeah, about a week ago. Okay. You got the good, man. Hasn't competed yet, but I do have seven pair of trunks. Yeah. I was giving those spots from life. I was looking for them heads. Okay. You got to get the trunks, man. You are going to be the most prepared physique athlete, probably to ever step on stage for the first time. Not only do you have the physique, you've obviously got the pedigreeb and your posing looks great and you've got sound coaching from Chris Tuttle. So it's, it's, I feel bad for the rest of the competition. I really do. I actually feel bad for the guys doing nationals. It's a straight front double here. So yeah. Yeah. So what's the game playing going to be? What are you guys, what are you guys considering? So we just hopped into a growth phase, like literally two days ago and then we were just riding that out and then he wants me to do North America's or USA's is the, is the plan. Okay. From there, it goes. Correct. What's your height and weight? Uh, right now, five, seven, two, twenty six. This hasn't go with age. Is that okay? I'm 21. Yeah. That's what I figured. 21 pants. How long have you been left in? I've been left in for roughly four and a half years. Okay. How did you get into it? I just, my dad used to work out and then like I wanted to be his baby, my dad. And so I just started. He was pretty big. He wasn't a bodybuilder. He just, like, he was the one like black guy that would just like going there and like bench four or five for reps. I know that guy. I know your dad. I know your dad. Yeah. I mean, your dad would tell me. I used to spot him. Yeah. Doritos, Mountain Dew, and Jack. So that's, yeah. So, Andrew, are you, are you, are you in college right now or did you graduate? What's, what, what do you, what do you do in such high school? No, I, so I just, I finished high school and then I worked for like a new thing company for a, for pretty much like 18 to like a few months ago. Okay. And then, and then I saw I wasn't prepped. We were prepping for a junior USA, well, a regional show and then junior USA's and we were trying to make classic weight cap. And then, uh, how to get surgery? I had a really bad infection. So I had a full out of that competition. And then like, to go break, went to a growth phase. And then I was as a recently like, I make enough, make enough money from sponsors and then like, coaching to like, just live off bodybuilding pretty much. I literally live in the gym because there's not a lot of 20, 20 year old kids that can jump right to just, hey, my main focus for the day is the two hours in the gym. Everything else is just meals, relaxing therapy, whatever I need to do to perform my best. So that, that's a unique opportunity. And obviously I can tell you're making the most of it, which is amazing. What, what would you say? So you, you're trying to get the classic weight. And are you finding that's going to be hard because you said what, five, seven, two, three, six, you're pretty lean right now. Yeah, no, there's, I don't think that we could, we couldn't make classic now. Okay, that's what we're going to do. Now back then we were trying, we were like, if you go, I have pictures on Instagram or whatever, but I was like, I was like 200 pounds and we were trying to make, we were hoping I could get to the 187 cap, like up and including five eight. Yep. And then we were digging and digging and I had a really bad infection and I got like septic septic, septic, whatever you call it. And then I had full out and we were like, like four weeks out and we were just like, okay, it's done. And then took time off and then I had growth phase and then here I am now. Okay. So is this a competition? Yeah, because I'm going to say, I'm going to compete in this show or I could die of subsist. It was a good call. Yeah. It was, I mean, that's serious. I'm making, it's an attempt at levity, but the truth is, and that's, that's serious. And I was, what, a 19, right then. Okay. So this is where you were you doing shooting for classic at this point, I take it? Yeah. I think I was about like two, 18, two, 16 right then somewhere around there. Oh, you used to be coached by one of my clients actually. Yeah. I was coached by him on prep. Gotcha. Okay. So, yeah, but what I'm going, where I was going with the original questioning was you, you found out very quickly that you were never going to make classic weight. Like, yeah. Like, I got to told you that looking at you and then just seeing where you are today, you'd be like, yeah, you're going to be a super heavyweight very, very soon. If you don't turn pro, I mean, you're probably turn pro as a lay heavier heavy, right? But the room for growth and how young you are, like, I, you know, I think you're going to be 245 on stage within the next three, four years as well. I'm saying it five, seven, that'll be crazy, man. Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah. Yeah, we, we never, I never ran like a much year to try and make classic. We had to run like very little compared to most people to try to make classic. Now I was losing tissue pretty, pretty fast to make classic and it wasn't worth it. Okay. We, we talked a little bit before the show because I had asked them, I was like, hey, do you mind talking about gear and stuff and any, Andrew? It said, no, I think whatever you guys want to talk about what, and you mentioned you just started a growth phase now. Like, what, what does that plan look like for you at this point? Yeah. So it's just test EQ and then the tiny spit of GH. Okay, I'd say four units five times a week just because I get, I get, I get really bad tendonitis and so we think that GH probably makes my tendonitis a lot worse. And so we don't, we don't run a lot of GH and then he'm a log with four meals. Okay. Okay. Can I just be representative of the viewers, at least a handful of the viewers. So full of crap. I know he's using a lot of gear, man. They don't ever tell the truth. I don't know why they do that. If they would just tell us what the secret is, they want to hide it and everything. There's no way that's the head to be. He's taking the last time I can continue. I can't. I know what it was that. Yeah. Exactly. No. Yeah. That's the unfortunate truth. I got a clip here from Chris because I asked Chris. I was like, hey, man, you know, we were going to interview Andrew today. And I figured I'd ask him for some, some thoughts. He sent me a voice memo and I said, hey, can I play this on the show? And you guys tell me if you can hear this. Okay. Because I'm just going to play it off my phone. Andrew, what can I see about Andrew? Obviously, we all know looking at him. One hell of a physique. We'll talk about genetics. It's on another level, right? So with genetics comes, a lot of people in your ear, blowing up expectations and unfortunately, expectations in such a young athlete who has such potential can lead to detriment because the individual starts to create his fear that they're not going to live up to these expectations. And that's something we've seen with Tray Brewer and some other competitors in the past that do live to the height. Yep. I found him turned off. There we go. He's then cracked because of the pressure. So if I can keep him on a good, even headspace with that will be good. And the other is becoming over analytical. He's a little bit over analytical. And I think that could come from the expectations that he places on himself due to the height that's created around him because of his physique is so incredible. People see how tell him how good he's going to be and that content tend to create that, making sure you're doing everything perfect. You want to be perfect, perfect, perfect. Which we all know can be very detrimental and bodybuilding. And obviously, the third is he's pretty injury prone, more injury prone, I've ever seen anybody. And that's kind of just learning how to navigate proper training. And obviously, when you're young, you throw a piston vinegar, a lot of strength, your body isn't hurt yet. So you tend to push too hard. So if we can manage injuries and we can manage those expectations and pressure, still from toxic women, this is going to be incredible. So our plan for him is to obviously get his qualification, but I want him to give his pro card the first time out. And obviously, there's only some of these we can control that, you know, who shows up, but I want him to be unbelievable. So we're planning on the end of 2026, mid 2025. We'll see how he progresses. But few months working together, one hell of a kid, I really enjoy working with them. Great communication is very coachable. That's cool. And I have high hopes for him. I just want to keep him in the even, playing around. I'm really, really, very sad. I got to keep his head on straight. That's what I'm going to say. You know, being young and again, those expectations, it's very hard because you're being pulled in so many different directions. And we've all been there young and not taken advice we should have. So I'm excited for the year. That's for sure. I will be traveling to Andrew's show. No doubt. Nice. Nice. How do you feel about that, man? How did everything that he has to say? No, Taddles is very good coach. He's like, he's kind of like a dad. Like he cares more about his clients than most than any coach, most coaches in the world. I would say him. I think that's cool. The most important piece of advice that I heard him say, and this is from the dinosaur in the room, is the fact that you're coachable. And that's a big deal, especially when you're young. For those reasons that he stated, everybody's in your ear, everybody's telling you what you could do. The other part is the expectation. I found it ironic, and this is not a shot at Chris. But you know, he's talking about the expectations and how that can add stress and, you know, make it. He says, you know, we want to get the card the first time. Of course, but there's a higher expectation. So I just would say this, and this isn't to say that he's that Chris is wrong. It's not what I was saying. But it's also okay if you don't get that card the first time. It doesn't take away from what you've gotten front of you because you've got a long road. If you can manage the injuries, keep your head straight. You got a long lucrative career in bodybuilding, I think. Well, Chris says it just comes from experience. I mean, every national show, I feel like it's me and Chris sit together and we just sit there and watch the physiques, watch the physiques. And you just know a good physique. If he comes in in shape, he's going to be the guy. Yeah, it's going to take a super duper extra freaky guy from the planet, whatever that at list, our comment that's coming towards us. It's going to take the alien guy off that to be the guy that we're talking about. So yeah, it just comes from experience. I don't think he's putting any undue expectations to expect a pro card out of the first run. I mean, just looking at those first initial pictures on your Instagram, structures there, muscle bellies are there. Only things left is to come in in condition and you got the right man for it. So yeah, there is always that guy. I mean, I remember following nationals really close a few years back when Nate went up against Nick Walker. And when Nick showed up, he was the guy that year, you know, it was like, you could see it. Just Nick walked on stage and you're like, oh, yeah, Nick's the guy. Like Carlos Thomas Jr. A couple of years later, it perfect. Yeah, it perfect. Another perfect example. There's always there's always one guy usually at nationals or one of these national shows that everyone in Instagram world's been buzzing about and rightfully so it very rarely does that person let you down. They go and get the pro card. They probably win the overall and they go on and have a good, you know, success. I remember when you were or or dareclone's for dareclone's for Wednesday, you know, say we are we're already talking about always probably going to win Tampa and we're going to he goes and wins Tampa week later. He was that good, you know, yeah. Hey, what's going on guys? Just a quick shot out to true nutrition. I figured I'd bring you to the home gym here. So welcome. And I just wanted to show you my order. So nothing big deal. I've got a few pounds of the cold filtered weight. I so I'm a big fan of the cookie butter flavor. I've been on this this year. This is like, then my favorite. It's a very light protein overall. It's not going to blow your digestion down. It's not going to cause a bunch of water retention. This is the kind of protein that I suggest to people who are doing a contest prep. They've got all your basic bodybuilding supplements like creatin. They've got great intro workout, highly brand sick like dextrin, which is the high end. And then they've got the cheaper stuff like carbolode, like anybody can afford that. And of course, use our code. Think it'll get you 10% off. They really kicked up. It used to only be 5%. You get 10% off if you use the code. And it throws some money our way too. So it definitely helps the podcast out of time. Yeah. So what's up with the injury stuff? He was saying that you're super prone to injuries. And I had talked to him a little bit more than that. He said, you guys are, your training is not as high volume as he would generally have guys at your age. Can you tell us a little bit more about those aspects? Yeah. So the injury problem? Yeah. I was like, break bones easy, but I like tear things. And I just like joined to ligaments. They get very beat up very easily. And so like last year, like 13 months ago, I broke my wrist and then two bones in my thumb. Just from like I was on a scooter in Nashville and I fell and broke it. And so I was out for like eight weeks. And then I ran when I joined a total. I was doing a pendulum squats. And I got this really bad knee pain. And I couldn't even do a body weight squat for like six, seven weeks. And so we were going to rehab that. And then about like maybe three or four weeks ago, I could start like implementing some like leg exercises again. And so we got into that. But then when that was starting to heal up, I got the tendon issue in my hand. Like this thumb, like I can move it about like this far. Like this tendon right here is like really swollen. And like this one I can like, you know, I can do that. Yeah. So I get very injured a lot. So like I'll have like a good like eight weeks. And I'll like grow really fast. And then like I'll get out like injured, lose some size, lose some progression and then shoot back up. And kind of just like a yo yo back and forth. Like it keeps going up, but it's back and forth. Yeah. Into the low volume. So like I do, I can't recover as fast as a lot of people can. Like I total had me doing like nine sets of back and then 12 sets of back. Like every three and every four days. Okay. It was like, it was like two failure. Like it was like one to iron or like last set failure. Like I could recover like I'd be sore for like five, six days. And like I was like, not progressing on my lips. So we had like a just volume until like I could like recover from a session to session. So what's it look like now? So he has me. So I used to always do like two times a week, everything because I think frequency is important. But like for me, if I can't progress in like doing three sets for a muscle group, isn't as good as let's say like nine sets once a week, I think. I see any more stimulus per session than three sets. So it's six sets of back, two times every eight days, two times a week, or two times every eight days, I guess. And then chest once a week, which is I think like eight sets and then like four sets of shoulders twice a week. And then I do six sets of quads and then five sets of hamstrings every eight days. And then I'm just six sets of byes and six sets of tries a week. So you're already not 21 years old because the average 21 year old would be sticking to this man. I got to do this like why I just keep grinding harder and harder. It's going to fix itself. So you know, that tells me too, you're a little bit ahead of the game. Part of that being coach, you are writing that feedback exactly. And reading feedback, which is important because so many people don't matter. In fact, older dudes don't dinosaurs don't they get set in those ways and they have their patterns and it's hard to fix it. At least with your age, those patterns aren't set. They haven't been set for years or arguably decades and they can be changed. So that's good. Yeah, I was a I was self coached for like about five, six months before, and I was like, I've kind of hard self coached like you're over analyzing and stuff. Like I can make a meal plan for myself, but like I'm sitting there trying to self coach myself. It's a little challenging. So I was like, I need someone that I really respect and I know has built physics that like I want to achieve. Yeah. And so I was like, Huddled is the person I want. And then so I text a title and then he was like, okay, let's go. And so here we are. That's cool. That's cool. That's cool. What do you know he was saying too? Like all the the people in your ears. I because I'm sure of it, man, you know, I met you and I'm like, hey, you want to come on the podcast? You know, and I'm sure that you get a lot of people who are like reaching out, they want something from you or they want to throw advice at you. Hey, you got to do it this way. Do that. You know, can you talk to us a little bit about the that kind of pressure being, you know, fairly young in the sport and and you know, having a promising feature. Can you tell us about what that experience is like kind of getting hounded by people and and you know, the as he said, the pressure that goes into that. Yeah, I'm like, I'd say like it's pressure, but like I think it's more I get more I have more pressure on myself like for me to win for my own goals and career than like other people said on me because like I am pretty much betting on myself to do good and bodybuilding so I can like further my career and make a career out of it pretty much. And so it's like it's kind of like I need to do this. I need to I need to win. I need to be the best bodybuilder. So that gives me stress because of how I get injured so often like fuck like this is so many like another step back, another step back, whatever. And then I get stressed out and then it's a lot of time you're fine. We'll go over this. And then he's like, if you just stay healthy for even just one good growth phase, then you can do big things. And so what do those weights look like? Not specific numbers, but I'm curious. You know, are you are you banging like a typical 21 year old in the sense that I want to move as much weight as I can or is Chris pulling you back a little bit on that or have you decided yeah, okay, maybe I should pull myself back or are you just taking advantage of the fact that I was going to say you're made of rubber, but you've already proven that you're not made of rubber like a typical 21 year old. So there's that. But have you have you noticed that? And the reason that I asked this is because you know, I've been around a long time. So I competed against Phil. I was backstage when Phil met Jay Cutler years ago in Colorado. And one of the things that he told Phil not at that moment, but in the gym while I had him under his wing was he's like, whoa, whoa, whoa. You can move the one sixties. You can move the one seventies. But if you want to stay in this game for a long time, those one thirties are going to work just fine. So just kind of relating it to that. Are you holding back? Are you still getting what you can out of those poundages? And where are you with that? Yeah, like I used to be four total. I was a bit more a bit like kind of like the Doreen age Jordan Peters approach. Like it was like, do not miss like you need to progress every session in reps or weight. And so like I'd go do like like 365 and incline Smith machine and like every week I would try to progress and progress and progress. And the same thing was like leg press where I was like ending up like full stacking leg press machines or like doing six, seven plates on a pendulum squad. And then I got a total of those like total, total is like you're not a bodybuilder. It's a great lifter. And so he has me sending training clips a lot, making sure I don't just like get too hyped and like do too much weight and then just like go from eight to eight. And I used to do a lot of lower reps stuff. Oh, okay. Maybe you guys changed that now. Yeah, I do more like I stick to more about like eight to 15 or so for everything. Okay. Yeah, you're actually so technical looks really good on everything. Yeah, looking at the sea. They're watching here. You know, it's like really nice control and everything. Yeah. Yeah, this is like I think it's like my second leg session back or maybe third. Okay. Yeah, I mean, just out of curiosity like where where I'm in Florida, Anders in Florida, Scott's in essentially eight, day two, M and M territory. Yeah. I'm in a Nashville. Oh, okay. Okay, subbergs a national. Yeah, I hear Tennessee is a good good state for bodybuilding overall. I'm going to say for food. Yeah, especially breakfast. Nashville's a foodie town. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there's a lot of there's a lot of chicken places around here. Yeah, I don't say it's I don't think it's good for body, but it isn't there's like the gym out that right. I'm at right now. I just go to that gym and that's probably the best gym I could find. Okay. Like a 50 mile radius. Okay. I guess I just think of like that Murphy's bro area where. Yeah, Murphy's bro. Yeah, it's a brand curry's out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's a cool gyms out there. In Murphy's bro's not bad. It has a carbon and stuff, which is why I used to go to. Oh, you used to go out there, huh? Yeah. Yeah, I've met Brandon sometimes. Yeah, he's really cool. Can I throw it in a little piece of dinosaur advice for you? I was going to say earlier, but I didn't want to sidetrack the conversation earlier. So I was kind of waiting, but I want to go back to when you were explaining what you do. Andrew asked you what you doing. You were saying what you had done since you finished high school. And I sensed a little bit of apprehension, almost like, okay, I was, I was moving like I was doing some moving stuff. And I kind of got the feeling and I could be completely wrong, but almost like you felt like, okay, I have to justify this like, like you're getting like the rest of us, all of us. I was just judging by society based on what we're doing. And then you went into the bodybuilding component of it where you're getting, you know, you're getting paid. You're starting to get paid for just training. And I would say this. I don't know if this is how you feel, but I would understand if you did that you're going to be judged on that. And all I would say is you have something in front of you that you, that the vast majority of people dream of doing. So if you ever feel guilty about making money, what most would deem the easy way, F everybody else. If you get to sit around and train a couple hours a day and you get to play Nintendo or Mario Brothers or whatever the hell is going to get it myself with that. But nonetheless, you get to play a target feel. Yeah, exactly. Oh, yeah, exactly. But don't ever feel, don't ever feel guilty about that. And I don't know that you do, but I just kind of sensed it with that like you had to justify that, okay, maybe I'm making easy money over here. Easy money is the best money in the world. Okay. So I'm just giving, I'm just lending you that piece of advice there. F what everybody else says, do your thing. Yeah, yeah, I don't, I don't feel like guilty, but I would say that recently I have had it easier than other people. Like moving, moving, I worked for a, my work for a missing company. It sucked. Oh, man, it's not easy work. In summer, 12 hour days and then going to hit legs after that and then waking back up with like five six AM, that was a thousand times harder than waking up, doing fast cardio, answering check ins and then like posting like code room or something like payroll supplements or whatever. Sure. Yeah. And you're going to have those friends who are doing the same thing because they may be busing their ass. That's okay. Follow the dream. Yeah. Or I'll have like friends like I was jealous of like they were doing what I'm doing now. And I was like, I need to be like them. I was like, they can bodybuild full time. It's so much easier to bodybuild when you just only bodybuild. It's such a double edge sword. Yeah. I'm thinking back to the part of it where you would said like you put the pressure on yourself. I get it. I get it because I feel that way about everything I do with coaching, with the podcast like this is my career, right? And there's other people out there who do a podcast and they just do it for fun because they want to do a podcast. You know what I'm saying? And to them, it's not nearly as important that the show does well as it is for me, somebody who like this is the thing that I do as and the same with coaching. There's people who like just coach because they want to make a few extra bucks on the side. They're making some like money so they can buy something nice for their girlfriend or whatever and show off on Instagram. And it's kind of cool, you know, to be a coach. But when you're coaching because that's your income, I feel like it does force you to take it seriously more seriously. I feel like when this is how you pay your bills, there is an air of like, hey, if I don't, so I get it, man, you're saying like, hey, I get hurt. That means if me getting hurt means I can't go to the gym, that affects my ability to pay the electric bill this month or pay my health care. You know, stuff like that. So I think at one side of it, I think that that's awesome because it does force you. Like Dorian said, he didn't have a plan B. It was his only thing that he could do. But on the other side, man, it has a lot of freaking pressure to put on yourself. You know, it, it, it, my fear is, I think that sometimes it's like, we get into things because we initially had a passion for them. And then it becomes the job and we can still love it, but it can be easier to kind of get. I don't know. Like, you guys, you guys know what I'm talking about? It becomes obligatory. Yeah, it becomes obligatory. Sure. It may come a time where you don't enjoy it. And you know what? Shit out of luck. I, I think the other thing to point out though, so because you invested, you're at, like you put your eggs in this basket, which is great. I'm totally supportive of it, right? One, there's no 401k for coaches and bodybuilders, right? So it means you got to develop some financial literacy and some financial intelligence at a young age that maybe your friends don't have to that have a job that is paying a salary, benefits for a okay retirement plan, right? So it means you have to mature probably faster than your friends in, in some way, shape or form. And then the other thing is, what was my other point? I already forgot it, damn it. Skip say something. The pressure. What I was coming back to though was the pressure that you put on yourself with that. Yeah. I think you got to use that as, you know, I've, I've, I use the word motivation, but because it's like you're going to, you're in the primary life, you're going to do everything you can to build the physique of your dreams and to make it lucrative in the sense that sponsors want to keep sponsoring you and people want to keep paying to come watch you and shows. So I mean, the motivation is there obviously, but I think, I think you're probably asking yourself the right questions like, okay, you know, like you said, I want to have that life that my friend has, right? But now you're in that life, really start thinking, look up to, look up to other guys, like I think a good example of someone who was in a situation just like you, Evan sent to Pawnee, you know, he won nationals at a very young age and he started making money with the supplement contracts. He had a really good mentor. He told me that was in the financial industry and got him into investing, saving at a very young age. And that's what he does professionally now. He's my financial guy. So I know that. I know that. Yeah, my advice to you is to start making those adult decisions or start having those adult thoughts in terms of, hey, like if you did have a catastrophic injury, you have this gap of time from high school to now where you didn't do anything productive in society's point of view, right? I know I sound like a downer, right? I'm trying to, I'm trying to make this like a positive like advice type thing because the guys I see that are thinking this way, like they start thinking, okay, I got my money coming in from bodybuilding. Now I'm going to apply my intelligence to, I'm going to start a business, maybe related to bodybuilding. Now I got another income stream. So if I do get hurt or I can't compete for two years, okay, I got something to fall back on whether it's coaching, maybe start in your own supplement company. I think I saw, do you have a T-shirt company or a clothing company? I'm sponsored by a pharaoh supplements. Okay. I thought I saw on your Instagram, was there another clothing company or was there control insanity? I'm sponsored by them as well. Gotcha, okay. They have like the Justin Shire and like Quinn Beasts wouldn't all them. Nice. So you're in good company then. Yeah. Yeah. To cut to your point, Andrew, and currently if I'm wrong, what basically what you're saying is you can eliminate or reduce some of that fear. If there might be a little something on the side in case something does go south, it doesn't take away from the passion of your goals. Exactly. You know what you want to do, but you've got an option B so that you can continue to enjoy it versus that being this obligatory. I have no other choice. This is what I have to do. There will be days. There will be 21 that you don't want to get in that dive. Yeah. Oh, no question. You know, but you're getting advice from everybody. So, you know, I feel guilty going down that path, but at the same time, you know what? I looked back when I was 21 and I wish I would have gotten more advice. I probably wouldn't have listened to it. I'll be honest. But I wish I'd have gotten that advice and had the opportunity to at least weigh those things out in it and I didn't. No, I listen to everybody. Everybody that gives me advice I listen to because it's very helpful because like I don't know, I don't know shit. I don't know like anything about financial advisors or like investing or anything. So, the worst case scenario really, let's, I'll put it on the table. Something happens three, four or five years. You're back moving furniture. And I'm not saying that that is not a good way to make it living or anything else. That's not what I'm saying. So, anybody who's listening, what I'm saying is this, that will psychologically strike you as I just went backwards. I went back to what I was doing before and that puts you back to that younger age and you will feel psychologically, literally like you failed. And that I can't think of anything worse than that type of feeling than feeling like you're going backwards. Well, let's just look at it like even at your age skip because you're not a young chicken and neither is Kodden. Like if suddenly the coaching industry was done, right? The IFBB dissolve, NPCs, there's no one that can coach any more of some law passed or some shit, right? What would we all do? You know what I'm saying? And unless you have some backups that are going and this is the same thing that applies to you, we all have these thoughts and these conversations as coaches. We're like a prime example was during the COVID year, 2020 when everything shut down. A lot of coaches who already had a ton of clients were sitting there saying, well, if the governance tell people they can't work and half these people are getting laid off, that means they can't pay me. What does that mean for me and my income, right? So just you got to start having those thoughts and those conversations with yourself on what's go fund me accounts during the 2020 COVID that when all these guys were claiming about all the money they had and two months later, they couldn't get through three or four months without that income. And I'm not laughing because it's funny. Yeah, it's kind of funny. It's kind of funny. It is kind of funny because that that just kind of you screwed yourself by being so arrogant and acting like you had so much money. And then as soon as it's gone for two months, you're screwed. So that's a really good example. I got a lot of question. I got a fun question. I'm going to steer away from the darkness skip. Cats. Cats. You guys have something in common. I don't think that Andrew has as many cats as you have yet. He's close. I think he said three, right? Yeah, how many cats have? Everywhere. Yeah. No, I got five. You five. I would only have two if it weren't for my daughters. I've had too many kids. So I had the three. We have four kids. Three of the girls brought a cat home. Well, you like cats. You had a kid and she's kind of cute. And she brings home a cat. You're not going to be like, OK, the cat can't stay because you see the cat and the cat's kind of cute and you're a cat guy. So you feel me? I mean, you see what I'm doing here. You got four cats, Andrew. Yeah. Then it's five. Yeah. Yeah. I love cats. Like, yeah, if I still weren't on like the street, whatever, it was like super sick, I would probably take it in. But like, out of, when you got bigger, I'd be a little upset because cats are bare little bitches sometimes. They take, they take. Do you have like, are they kind of mutt cats or like, what do you have? What do you have? I have two orange tabbies and they're all, they're all guys and they're all, uh, neutered. Let me ask you this without getting, you know, Debbie down here, but have the two orange boys had any health problems? Yeah. Yeah, we got all done from a, we got all done from a, okay, what's up? What did he go again? You all got him from like a cat rescue place? OK. And, huh? And, uh, one of the orange cats had a, he has like an ID effect where like his eye is like, like cataracts or something. It's very blurry. So he, he's kind of like partially blinded on one eye, but the other one is completely fine. OK. The reason I asked is you got to watch out for your and their issues cost me $12,000 on an orange, our, our orange cat. So it was either that or put him down and it got to three hours before putting him down and I called my wife slightly emotional. I said, we have to do this surgery like I can't not do it. There's a double negative, but whatever I can say what I want. I just wondered. I was just curious. Have you guys looked at an insurance for cats? I have insurance for my cats. Yeah. And it was still $12,000. Give. Uh, let's just say I got that after. Oh, yeah. And understand, I mean, I've got a Savannah and after Savannah and I've got a Bengal, I mean, they're, they're expensive. The other three are the mutt cats, but they have cost every bit as much as the Bengal and the Savannah combined. So it is, I learned that lesson the hard way. What, uh, Dom asked us, what's your favorite go to cheat meal, Andrew? Probably just probably just sushi, honestly, or just a basic burger and fry. Oh, true, true bodybuilder. True bodybuilder. That's what I always think you do. I'm, I'm not special. I let it eat just chicken and rice and veggies and then beef and rice and then cream rice. And then you have to talk in about five years when you're making a lot of money and you figure out that there's really good food out there. Skips really stuck up about his food. Yeah. I am a, I am a foodie and I am a snap. There's no question. Yeah, I think the only cheat meal I get is like, I go to like this like sports grill, place sports bar and grill near me. I'll get a burger and fry or like, if it's like a lunch special, I'll go get like eight rolls of sushi for like $25. And then I'll say for my post work out. Nice. So are you a guy that like, do you push a lot of food to put size on or what is your diet look like? Yeah. So yeah, when I first got a total he actually wanted me to send pictures of me eating all my meals every day at one point because he didn't believe that I was eating all my meals because I had so much food. So I think so we got up to, I think it was about 950 carb, like 141.30 fat and then like 380 protein, whatever my, whatever I'm trying to do on my fitness pal. Okay. But so he does everything in like 15 gram carb, increments I think. So it was like, I think it was like 465 rice per meal and then like plus you're like 115 grams of pineapple or 100 grams of blueberries per meal. And then 15 grams of oil. And that was spread out through five meals a day. And then plus like oats and peanut butter and then 60 grams of intram. You keep the food up pretty high when you were dieting previously or yeah, yeah, yeah, I wasn't. Yeah, yeah, I was a bit smaller back then, but my food was, I think it was like 3000 on rest days and like things like 3700 training and like 4,000 high days. And that got me down from like 230 to like 195 or 96. Hey, I had one more. I'm no question. I'm the party of the prep like it. I got all more. This is this is from Jonathan. He asked us. He said, uh, it's not an important question. He said, we'll ask, we'll ask you first. Would you take a million dollars in exchange for quitting bodybuilding and all exercise? Let's say that it wouldn't be detrimental for your health to quit exercise though. No, I'm not. You could make more than a million bucks. Yeah, you could make more than a million bucks. Even if I couldn't make more than a million dollars, like, I like, bodybuilding is like what I wake up to do. So we've got a mortgage though. The answer might vary a little differently when you got a mortgage and you got like, you know, like responsibilities. Yeah, but but but even then still like, like you should have said like 10 million dollars Jonathan. Yeah, you know, something that's like, yeah, yeah, a little unattainable for. But you know what? I think the million puts it in because you just sounded like me when you said that, Andrew, and like, well, wait till you have a mortgage. I think I'm thinking wait until you've done it for a while and you realize that you are not going to go any further in sport. You are tapped out genetically and, you know, that sort of thing. And then it's like, okay, no, I should have taken a million. Prior to that, you're like, I don't know. I'm living the dream here. So I get it. That's an age difference. That's a that's a, I don't say wisdom, but it's an experience type thing where, yeah, I mean, if I was 21, there was no way you would have talked me into that. And a million dollars back then, substantially more than what it is now. In the 1960s, two or a million dollars was like three million. That's horrible. That's horrible. Man, this is a, this is awesome. I'm really glad that you could take the time hang out with us and we could get to know you a little bit better. I'm excited for 26. I'm going to be following your Instagram and I'll have that listed below for anybody else who wants to follow you. We can, we can see what you do next year either possibly USA's, possibly North Americans. That'll be, that'll be cool, man. Tell us about your, your sponsors. You said you got a couple of them, right? Yeah. So Ferris supplements. They're like the, I know you don't know who the different twins are. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So you have them as supplement brand. And then so that I'm their first and only athlete right now. Okay. And so I'll go like, I want to be a Olympia with them like a few weeks ago. And that's why you were there. Okay. Yeah. And so I'm with them. So I just get supplied a crazy amount of Kramer ice and protein powder. Safety a lot of money. Yeah. A lot of people. I ate a lot of Kramer ice. And then control insanity. This is the clothing brand I'm with. And I've been with them for probably like six, seven months now. Pretty much after I got on the prep after I went into prep, then like I started getting some traction and some sponsor of stuff. That's cool. I'm sure it's only going to pick up this next year too. So what you, you were hanging out then with the trend twins. Do that booth was freaking busy, wasn't it? Yes. Yeah, they are famous. They're very popular. They're, they're more popular than body butters. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. There were more people hanging out to meet them than there were to meet like any of the pros guys. It was, it was like the craziest, most busy part of the expo was down there by them. And I think young LA was down there a couple other things too that all the, all the young people were hanging out to watch. Yeah, Sam Suleik and then the trend twins. Yeah. All right, but we appreciate you having to hear, man. And like I said, we'll put links in the description. Anybody wants to follow what you're doing. And yeah, man, this has been an absolute pleasure. Thank you. Nice to see you, man. Yeah, I look up to you all a lot from we're pulling for you. Thank you. See you. See you. Yeah, that's cool, man. Yeah, yeah, that made me feel old. Yeah, I know what, but it is cool because I see that. Don't we all see a little bit of him not the genetic potential in ourselves, though at that age? I you know, listen to him. It takes me back. I don't know if it did the same thing for you guys, but yeah, I took me back to man. He's just kind of living it. You know, it's all new to him. It's all fresh. It's all awesome. He hasn't been jaded by the industry. Yeah, he turned into an asshole. You know what I mean? Got the humility. It doesn't take me back because I think when we were that age, the opportunities for 2021 year olds were just not the same. You know what I mean? Like they're not that aspect. But it's almost like college football. Like they sign, they're signing like kids in high school at 14 now, right? To commit to big time football. That's wild. Yeah, but it's almost like the same thing. This guy and the guy is going to go for next year, whatever whichever show he is. Yeah, but it's like, has it yet to step on stage and already has contracts, which kudos to him. You know, if I was a supplement company owner, I try to lock him up into a three to five-year deal immediately. Oh, no. Right. Yeah, right. So, yeah, opportunities are there for these guys. Yeah, I don't know. That name of that asshole name filled, isn't it? A little bit. Yeah, actually, I mean, it kind of does. And he looks better. I'd like not to talk about that because I've talked about it so much. And it's a dated, you know, that's a few years ago. But there are parallels there. One could argue he looks genetically superior at this point in time than he did at that point in time. That's a good point to you, man. Yeah. Good fine, Toddle. Good fine. Yeah, that's cool. He's a nice guy too, like super pleasant, super friendly. And like I said, he's so he knew the show. He listens to us. We didn't get into all that, but he's, he's, uh, yeah. So that's kind of cool. Oh, no, I want to make sure I understand Andrew Linson's task. Yeah, he knew Scott. He recognized, he recognized, he recognized, he got it. That's how I met him at the, at the Olympia. I was just standing out in the middle of the aisle. I wasn't even at the booth. And another guy stopped me. And I was talking to him. And, and as Andrew walked by, he was like, oh, hey, what's up, Scott? I love the podcast. And I was like, oh, thanks, man. And the other guy was, another young guy. He was like, oh, that's, that's Andrew. I know him. He's a good bodybuilder. You know, he's working with Chris Tull, like he's, he knew all the stats, you know what I mean? So that was kind of cool. So I was like, hey, good to meet you, man. And I said, hey, you know, what's your Instagram? I'm going to follow you. And then I thought about it the day or two later. I was like, no, we should get him on the show. Hang out with Skipping Andrew with me. Get to know him. Because literally, I have to remind myself that it's not just my mom who watches the show. Other people do, you know, they do. You notice we're going old school. Was it your mom that left that comment in the, in this comment section? Only if it was negative. No. Read the one from Dom. Oh, which one? Which one was it? Skipping gets mad pussy. Yeah. No, what? That's horrible, Andrews. Yeah. You know what it was, too. And it was when you guys were talking about your cats. I was, I tried to text it to you because I didn't know. He's got one to break. I don't have the, and I don't know why. But since we've used Riverside, I don't bring up the comments. I don't know. I always say I can't find them. And then you tell me how to see them. And then I forget about it and can't, I don't know how to do it. Just go to the right where it says chat. You know what people click on the things. No, there's a bad button that says chat. At least there is for me. What do you see? I see it. I see it too. So if all three of us are on the screen, you don't have the chat already open on the bottom right hand corner. There's a little chat with a little three. Right now because there's three comments that propagated since I last had it open. Okay. And then I click on Studio Chat. No, that's us. Click on the live stream chat. Yep. There you go. You learn something new every day, right? Yeah. Well, that ball that you just lost. Somebody's true. True. True. Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, do we hop into some listener questions here? Yeah. We just wrap this up. Do we think? It's been five out. It's been three to five though. All right, guys. So a bunch of you had asked for tank tops. So the day has finally come that we've got them. If you're interested in one of our tanks, check them out at the merch store. I'll have links below. Who knows? You might end up meeting somebody else. Listen to the shows too. I've had that happen more than once. Somebody's like, hey, you listen to that podcast. I like those guys too. And before you know it, there's a budding bromance just waiting to happen. So if you want to look for a chat and support the podcast, you guys can do that all at the same time. Just check out the shirts. All right. Cool. Rapid. All right. Rack Pull says, I have a question I think might be an interesting topic. Okay. A lot of top guys and sometimes even coaches give out advice based on where they are now versus what it took them to bring up their physiques to a high level. For example, recommending lower protein or colloquiality intake, less intense training, drug advice, etc. Have you noticed this trend or even caught yourself doing it before? Or do you think it actually is a realization that some of these things were completely unnecessary? Hey, I'll throw it in out the gate that I recognize now. Maybe I didn't need as much as I once thought I did. You know what I mean? You guys ever like, hey, maybe we should take that just to cross the teeth, you know, dot the eyes. But then you always have a guy who's like, hey, you know what? I don't want to run whatever compound, for instance. And you're like, okay, we'll do it without it. And then you learn, guess what he turned out just as good. You know what I mean? I would say yes and no to the question, right? Because like anything in our sport, it all depends, right? But I do think a lot of us, you know, back in the day, we just followed the excess rule, right? Like, yeah, we'll have to eat more. I need to train more. I need to lift more weight. I need to take more drugs. Whatever it might be, right? It was always just more, right? If I just do a little bit more, if I train my arms three days a week, they're going to grow, right? And I think, you know, coaches today bringing up points of like, I think what they're doing is looking back on their career and they're saying, I grew back then probably despite what I did, not necessarily because of what I did, right? Yeah. And they're saying that because they're using the new models with athletes and getting results in faster time, keeping them healthier and just getting better results in general. You know, for instance, let's just talk about diet, right? Back in the day, you had your offseason diet, and then when the scales stopped moving, you added more food. And then the scales stopped moving, you had more food. We didn't check blood sugar. We didn't know what that was. So we had no idea if we were insulin sensitive. We had no idea if we were, if we were partitioning in those nutrients in a decent way. And we probably, it was either like, there was never any pulling back strategically. It was like, you got to a point where you just, yeah, you just got to a point where you couldn't eat anymore. You missed a meal and you felt like, for the rest of the week, like a failure, like you weren't ever going to be able to do anything in bodybuilding because you missed that one meal, right? Whereas now it's like, when an athlete tells me, hey, like, I'm regurgitating my last meals up. I'm having a hard time getting to my next meal let alone this meal. Like, to me, that's a warning sign. Like, why am I going to keep pounding food at you? I'm just making you unhealthy. We're losing insulin sensitivity. You're going to have, you're going to be bloated in the gym, which is going to affect your training. It's like, no, it's time to pull back. Let's, let's make an intelligent decision here. So that's just one example. I'm sure Skip has some as well. Well, I mean, it depends on how far you're going to go back too. I mean, if we go back 30 years, the instruction, at least psychologically, our own brain would be like, you know what, I got to get that food in. And you're scooping it up after it has come out. Not necessarily vomit, but you get what I'm saying. Yeah. I'm like, oh, I got to get that food in. Or like you said, you're screwing everything up. So I think people need to understand too that the three of us have done this for a very long time. So we're not going back five years to when we started. We're not going back seven years. We're going back a long way. So during the time that we've all been training there has been this evolution, not only in training technology as far as equipment, but nutrition as far as supplements, peptides as far as gear. There have been so many huge changes in everything that is included inside bodybuilding that you just, after a lot of those years go by, you just like you said, Scott, or touched on. You're weeding out the things that we think, okay, this probably wasn't as important as we thought it was. And it's easier for us to weed those things out because we have so much time invested in so much experience versus someone who might only have the five years, the seven years, the three years. So you go to Andrew, the 21 year old. I'm sure three years to him is a really long time. He's not doing the same things he was doing at 18 or 17. But if I go back three years, I'm laughing. That's like 30 seconds to this kid, you know? Big difference. I would take it a step further and take those years you're talking about skipping and multiplying times hundreds of people because we're not just talking about ourselves. We're talking about things we tried with people. Absolutely. And it's like, yeah, there's some things that turn out to be trends in the industry or with coaching. You know, you learn something from someone else or you hear about it and you're like, oh, let me try that. But then a lot of the things you do with people just come to you inherently and you try it out and you see results and you so you replicate it more and more and you continue to get reinforcement that these results are, or the plan that changed that you made is a viable plan change for some people in specific instances. So yeah, I think, I mean, how many people do you think we've coached between the three of us? Like, like four, five thousand? Like, oh, I was thinking that'd be in the thousandation. But whatever. I mean, yeah. I mean, is it, I don't know, you know, is it, is it, is it 15,000? Like it's, it's gotta be an astronomical number. Astronomical number. Yeah, it's a lot of experience to have had. And yeah, I just keep going back to thinking that, you know, there was a time that like when I first learned how to coach when I first learned, I should say when I first learned how to diet really is what it comes down to. There was one way to do it. It was written in stone. You had to do it this way and you had to use these foods and like you had to just hold your breath that it was gonna work the first time I did it, you know? And, and then over time though, it like, let's use that as an example. Like, let's, let's say the, you know, the old school six foods that work, which those six foods, they do work. There's no question about it. But then we kind of expanded it over time and then we've realized that there are, there are other things that can work as well. I don't, I don't mean to, to cause any comfort controversy, Dave. If you're listening to this at this moment, usually if something comes up with Dave Pulsanella or the six foods that work, it gets back to him. So he may, he may see this right now. Oh, I didn't get the reference. You know what I'm saying though? Like, then, then over time you recognize like, okay, you know, this, things didn't work this way for this person. They, he didn't, or like the drug stuff, you know, then you, you, you think to yourself, man, I gotta use Halo every time that I compete. It has to be in until the time that you don't use it or you work with a client that doesn't use it. And then you realize like, oh, okay, guess what? It's still worked out or there was another way or that diet didn't work for this guy. So we tried something like there's just, it's, you, you realize that maybe, maybe you didn't need to go as strict with things as you once thought you did. Absolutely. What about food allergies? We weren't dealing with food allergies. Or at least, notice, I mean, we laughed about, I did, we laughed about gluten. Ah, everybody's using the gluten excuse because they were, but at the same time, then you find out accidentally. Oh, maybe there is something to this gluten because I accidentally left it out for five months. And now I've got abdominal cramps when I ate a bunch of bread. Yep. Yeah. So, you know, there's a lot, there's just been so many things that the list is too long to even begin to run it down. So, you know, and I think because we have all that experience, what are we going to talk about? We're going to talk about the things that we've done right before we're going to talk about the things that we have shelved. We need to be asked specifically what those things are because people want to know what, what works well. What have you found that's part of wanting to know what our experience analogies? I will say just that because there was a specific ask about the lower protein. I do think, especially when it comes to competition, lowering your protein over that final week is a game changer for abdominal control, for getting rid of bloated midsections. And for the, I mean, you got to think you're going to be replacing with a lot more carbohydrates, typically at some point during that week. And it's just a, a no brainer to me now. So. Yep. All right. Got another one here. We can maybe rapid fire through this. Hey, guys, I am from Iceland and I live the lifestyle and I love the show. I'm running one ML of test, one ML and P P every other day. Planning to switch to DECA through to 400 milligrams a week. What is the best way to switch? I also want to ask if you can take D ball only on leg days and back days like you would with anadral. Thanks guys. I thought when he said I was part of the, I lived the lifestyle. He was going to mention something about being a swinger because I thought that was the lingo that they use, but the lifestyle. Yeah. I saw a documentary about that and they're like, well, when you're in the lifestyle, you know, I saw a documentary. Listen to him. He's got. Sure. I'm going to get my tree in. Couple upside down. Hey, sure. If we had that going on, I'd be the first to tell you. Okay. We're already just not on air. I tell you on air because it's great advertising for the lifestyle. Yeah. It's huge in bodybuilding. We all know that. It is big in Florida from what I hear. It's actually really good. I came across a Reddit thread. There's a skin as it right. No, there is a massive community down here. And I think it's prevalent in bodybuilding because we're all hyper-angered and hyper-sensualized and we all, we also meet up at shows at particular times. It's a year where rules don't really apply. They do when you're in your 9-5 at home, you know? But to get to this Icelandic gentleman's question, you want to know, can you swap from NPP to Deca? Yeah. How would you get in here? How to transition it? Take the syringe that you had NPP and squirted into the sink and then load up with. I think people are trying to make it to just to come. Just make the switch. Just make the switch. If you want to do like 50-50 for a week, do 50-50 for a week, you know? But yeah, I do that. Yeah, are you going to... You're not going from a long answer to an acetate or a suspension or no ester or anything like that. Yeah. The NPP and the Deca, they're not right next to each other, but they're not, there's not this huge difference or disparity in esters too. So just pick up the Deca and run the Deca. Now the other one about the anodary, I lost that question because I was trying to do it. Can you take deep all on leg and back days like you would like maybe load it on? Absolutely, you can. Oh yeah, absolutely. You can. Scott, you have experience with doing that, right? Oh yeah, yeah. I'm a fan. You call me a fan. In fact, injectable deball was my personal favorite. I like the injectable deball just because it never messed with my digestion. And it's... Yeah, never affected my appetite. And I found that that's something I still could do if I wanted to. Occasionally, if you ran it one, two times a week versus if I ran it every day, man. I tell you like the first week, I'd be like, oh, guys, I'm back on deep. Oh, it's awesome. And then the second week, I'd be like, oh, I had to stop because I couldn't eat. He's like sweating. He's got like acne like a kid all of a sudden. And like, he's blown in. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What do we got here? I'll get to that in the next show. Question for the podcast. Especially following this weekend. Okay. Do you think this weekend's showing of Keon? Do you guys think that growth hormone could have caused or worsened the diastasis due to increased relaxing? I've heard that during pregnancy, relaxing is elevated and it helps the abdomen, the diastasis stretch out. No. I think that just is anatomy. Yeah. I mean, like he's stage lean. So you see the diastasis a lot more prevalent on stage when he's flexing his abs. You know, one thing, he has a really nice vacuum. He does a good job of his vacuum when he's doing his front double and I feel like if the only thing I pose I don't love on him is his when he's hitting his abdominals, actually, you know, I feel like maybe he should just hit a vacuum and then don't do anything like crunch down that's going to push them out even more. I'm doing it like people can see me behind my desk. But for some reason that's how my brain works. But I don't and I know a lot of guys that don't have the best mid sections. They do a quick ab for like, you know, two seconds and then they drop the arm down and kind of turn it into a semi-most muscular shot. He gets laugh and he's like, yep, been using that one for 10 years. Yeah. No, but it's like sometimes it actually just makes your abs look worse. So just stay in the vacuum, I think. And I'm critiquing one of the top three to five best bodybuilders in the world right now. So take that with a huge grain of salt. I'm sure he's tried every angle, every abdominal shot. If we can say he's got a flaw, that's the flaw. Which is how you do it. Yeah. Well, let's say one thing. Did you guys watch the show, the EVL S Prague show? No. Dude, I just saw the pictures. Okay. What did you notice about those pictures? They're terrible. Yeah. Like, okay, it's 2025. We've been complaining about backdrops and lighting what every year for the last like 10 years, including the Olympia, the Arnold like promoters figure it the freak out. Like, come on, you guys. It reminded me. It reminded me. The one I saw it, it just like for people who hadn't seen it described to them, but it looked like. So what's the Star Wars where it's the girl Jedi and she fights against Darth Vader? That last scene when they're in that room and they're taking on like the master boss that's kind of pulling the strings with Darth Vader. It's kind of like a fiction. It's like a, yeah, it's like a, it's like the only last one. I see it's like kind of dark and red like that. It's like a red tinge if I'm not mistaken. And it's like a connoissee what's going on? I think there's a fight scene and it's kind of what I was thinking. What's that? It was the first show that took place in hell. Yes, that's a great. Dane had a great. That's excellent. It's like I'm watching it and I'm like, I think the guys look good. I don't know. I haven't really seen good pictures because it was so dark you couldn't get good detail. And I will say it favored the white guys. Like you saw the detail in Martin that we've never seen before. He looked absolutely amazing. He's the guy to watch, you know, this next year. The black guys, I think they were on stage like, you know what I'm saying? It's like you couldn't see any detail on them and it's not their fault. Like I'm sure Samson brought a much improved look. I'm sure Keon looked a little better filled out the way he wanted to. But the color, these promoters got to figure this out for what they're charging for live streams and for tickets and that kind of thing. It's 2025 guys. Figure it out. All right. Listen, let's wrap this up. We had another Q&A we have to do. And we appreciate everybody tuning in, hanging out with us. Check out BodyBerry.com. Go to teamskip.com. Hit me up at McNeally diets at gmail.com. And of course, check out true nutrition.com. Use our code think supplement source dot c a. And thank you to everybody from Patreon for another episode of Bloods Wet and Gear. We'll see you soon, guys. All right, we're going to still do another. And if you're at Caliente, look out for Andrew. Ha ha ha. It's Caliente. What's Caliente Andrew? Hold on. It's not. I am not part of the lifestyle. OK. I am not. I am not. I'm just massively.