What's up guys, on this episode of Blood Sweat and Gear I'm hanging out with Contest Prep Coaches, Skip Hill and Nelson Jones. We've got a couple topics for the day. We are going to discuss handling your training during a Contest Prep or a cut and we're going to discuss muscle imbalances. After that we've got a bunch of questions written in from you guys, our listeners and viewers and we're going to kick the show off talking about a great body builder we recently lost and he cam in. If you guys enjoy the show, if you're entertained, if you learned something, do me a favor. Hit the like button and if you haven't subscribed, we have a sub-robotty building podcast coming out each week. We love to have you along for all of them. Alright guys, let's get to the show. I've never said this before, so for the people on YouTube, this show comes out every other week. So it's going to be out Friday's, every other week, opposite of muscle mines. I put the pieces together a thousand times in my head, but I've never said that. So I think that'll help people understand the formula. We have a bunch of listener questions today, like a plethora of a ton. We're going to get to those. We had a couple topics we were going to talk about, but first I wanted to address the fact that we lost a great body builder this week, Andy Hammond passed away. And it's interesting because I've heard some of the younger newer guys that are like, I didn't really know who Andy Hammond was. He was something else. You guys both knew him, right? Skip. Well, yeah, I've been in Colorado. I mean, he lived in Colorado Springs or Black Forest or Southside Colorado Springs. He was a very lively, unique personality. And he did a lot for the, I don't want to say for the industry. He did a lot related to the industry. He did a lot for kids. He did a lot of charitable stuff. A lot as much as a family guy. I don't, I didn't see unless he was traveling. I didn't seem pictures of him without either his wife or his family. He'd been with his wife for things in high school. And they were very tight. And they would do a lot of the, it's funny because people may not even know Andy Hammond, but they may know the guy, you know, the guy with the blonde, spiked hair who did was Mr. Incredible. Yeah. Because he would go through these elaborate paint setups and it looked pretty bad to me. But he would involve his kids and his family in that sometimes too, when they could travel. They were just very, very tight as funny because my wife followed Andy quite a bit. She was just always so taken by the fact that he was such a, so devoted to his family and that sort of thing. It's just, it's really sad. Anytime anyone passes, it's sad. It's fact that it was so abrupt and that sort of thing is just, it's just horrible. I feel, you know, situations like this, I, people always say, you know, you know, recipes, Andy and stuff and everybody, you know, says different things and they mean well, I'm the intention is there, but I just feel horrible for his wife and for his family because they were so close and at 55, you know, it's, man, that's just really, really young. Let me tell you now that I'm getting closer to that when you're 25, you're like, oh, yeah, he was really old. He should have been, you know, with all that stuff by now, but it comes up fast. So, you know, I feel like I can, I can see it on the horizon. It's a little, it's a ways off for me, but it's, it's still, it's out there. I'll tell you what, I have never heard anybody say anything bad about Andy Hammond outside of one thing. People thought he used fake plates. Yeah, you're that. But I'll tell you what, VJ, my partner for him, bodybuilding nurse radio. So he used to live in Iowa, Andy and his family did. So VJ met him back in like 2005. VJ was like, and his 20s, early 20s, he was a natural competitor. And so he saw Andy Hammond. He said, like, this dude looks so big. You know, he was just, he was a really big dude. And I think that that kind of gets underplayed sometimes because he's, like, such a fun personality. He was a big dude and he was strong. So the video I saw them calling out, he was benching like four or five plates. And he was making it look like it was no deal. VJ said he would watch him walk in the gym, put four plates on the bar and just pump him out for 10, 15 reps like it was a warm up. Just out the gate, man. Yeah. And I don't want to forget to or leave out. He was a top collegiate wrestler. Yeah. Yeah. In Iowa too. I think I don't want to be wrong, but I was state or something. One of the bigger division on schools there, but he, he's got a very athletic background. I think in fact, before he, he was a phys head teacher, I believe, before he retired from that and would travel more with bodybuilding and that sort of thing. I don't want to get off on tangents, but the fact that he was being, the only, it's funny that you say that about the place is the only thing that I've ever heard negative. And it was funny because power lifters are the ones that got on him. And there's nothing worse to a power lifter than a bodybuilder who's in great shape and can put up big numbers. And they wanted to try to strip the, you know, the strength thing, because they said it was too, I think they said it was using fake plates. I think this would it came down to it. It's funny because it came up on intense muscle. Yeah. And I pissed off a lot of power lifters by blowing them off. And I mean, these were, you know, well, no, and they ended up, they ended up leaving intense muscle and never came. I only wanted more good friends in this day. But it was because I had to apologize because I, I told those power lifters, I might get basically it's Andy Hammond. And I live close enough to him. I know what this guy can do. And you guys are just fucking wrong. That's a bottom line. And you're going to negotiate. You represent the younger demographic on our show. Maybe I'm kind of old now. It's a joke. To me, you're the youngsters. So you knew about Andy, right? Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm at a dime, I was both long time ago. Okay. Yep. And I mean, obviously, I started reading the magazines. And I was like, I'm a little bit more in a week. Yeah. So I mean, like, he was there than, and that was probably he was more prominent than he was, you know, in like 2016 or something. But he spent way too much time with me. He didn't talk to you very well. Like, and I was, obviously, I was very annoying a long time ago. I just asked too many questions. Not considered a people in mind. He didn't even like that. Just a lot. And it's like, oh, I waited for four people. I should be able to stand here for 45 minutes. Yeah. So, and of course, yeah, it's like talking me for a long time. Very, very considerate. You know what? It's funny you say that. It's like, I think he won his card as a super heavy, right? I would think so because he was a really tall. So I mean, it's like, the guy was really big. And so now, it's a little more popular to see people throwing, like, actually Benching by plates. Yeah. You see, Ian does it. But Ian can do it. I mean, well, I said two people, but I'm pretty sure we saw Luke put up like four and a half on incline. Yeah. So there's, it's a lot more of like a common thing. He was just big and freaking strong a little while ago. You know, when it wasn't as common. But I mean, it's the same thing like we've talked about this before. It's like how four plate Ben over rose wasn't a thing 10 years ago where it's everybody doing it. And now an Instagram, maybe because you just know with the possibility, you see all these people doing it. Yeah. And he was just, he was a freak strong guy, but it's funny more than that. Yeah. He was a really good guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't even recognize for sure. Yeah. All right, guys. So we've got a couple topics here. And then we are going to get into a bunch of listener questions. We're probably going to keep this one a little bit short. I'm still recovering. But we're going to get in what we can here. So our topics, the first thing we're going to discuss was transitioning into a contest how does your training change? And then from there, we were going to go into some talk about muscle imbalances. Skip may or may not have had any issue. We're going to talk a little bit about that and talk about what I don't even know. Honestly, I don't even know. We're going to get to it though. We're going to win it. That's what we're going to do. So Nelson, do you have people change things up when they go into a contest prep? Almost never. It's never. It's never. Yeah. I mean, it's the same cliche. You dance with the one that brought you. I don't want to over simplify it. But, you know, Dante's words have run in a lot of people's heads and years for a long time in that sense. You do have to take into consideration recovery. So when it comes to volume and high intensity techniques and things like that, you have to be careful because anytime you're reducing, caloric intake or increasing, caloric output, you know, it's going to tap in or potentially tap in the recovery. So that has to be taken in. But as far as training heavy or training the same style, the same exercise, the things like that, I don't think a whole lot should be changing. It was funny because back in the 80s and I'm dating myself with this, but it was very popular and kind of accepted that, you know, when you're in prep, you're doing higher reps and going to the end of the off season, you're doing lower reps. And it then went to, you know, that silly you shouldn't do that. But there does come a point I think in prep where you do have to understand your limitations physically. And you may have to increase your rep ranges. It may not be as black and white as well. You're in prep, you need high reps and when you're not, you need lower reps. You do have to listen to your body tune. There's a lot of variables that you've got to take into consideration. Otherwise, if you push all the way through, I mean at some point your strength isn't typically going to be what it was in the off season. If you're a good prep guy, you're most of your clients are going to hold a lot of that strength until it gets closer to the show. And there's other factors too, whether you're on during the off season, you know, or if you're gas to the gills when you're, you know, during prep, there are other factors. But there are some things that have to be tweaked. You're very Nelson. Yeah, I definitely agree with that. I think it's a really, I mean, and you were kind of alluding to it. The only thing that needs to really be considered assuming we're covering everything is good is as your, the joint integrity starts to be a little wobbly. You know, you're getting really lean and all of sudden those, whatever, seven plate hacksquads start like sharing your knee. It's like maybe you need to start just pushing the intensity with, I mean, let's say you're doing six, maybe six reps sets aren't the way to go anymore. Maybe you want to pull it back. You're still going to failure with, you know, two less plates, but you're pushing it to 20 reps. I don't think there's anything wrong. I mean, personally, I prefer it. I think it's better to push sets for 20 to 30 when you're doing leg press hacksquads, things like that. I think it just, it just murders your legs. And I'm not saying that there's anything wrong with eight, but unlike a leg press, if you're doing six reps or eight reps on a leg press, that is heavy and free. Right. I don't know. For a lot of most people's needs do they just came to handle it. And of course, there's some like iron freaks, it doesn't matter what you do. Single is on a leg press. You really wanted to. There's going to be some point in your evolution where you're going to have to rethink your training because you're not 22 anymore. And I feel like for a lot of us, as we get really lean, that shines through even more. It's like, oh, okay. Well, not only am I like feeling kind of wobbly, but I can feel my joints really hard every time I do a rep. Absolutely. Maybe. I'm not destroying my body and I can't walk next week as far as from actual joint kind of pain. I mean, by the time you get to the show, you don't want to be not being able to train legs because joint hurts so bad. So it's like, what's better, you know, is it better to keep it the exact same because, you know, we're supposed to. And I do agree with keep it the exact same. Keep it the exact same as long as you possibly can. Right. I don't know. I guess there is a point where for me, let's say I'm only doing two sets of eight. I might have to start and it could be through prep, but you're pushing that same weight up to 12 and you're working it all the way to 20. So you are using the same weight throughout all the prep and you just got stronger whole way. How do you get to go? Because you're growing the whole time. And I don't want anybody who's listening to think, well, now wait a minute. Nelson and skip just contradicted the dance with the one who brought you. Just to clarify, and you make a good point. You stay with it as long as you can while you're listening to your body and be smart about it. The other thing is though, too, you know, when you mentioned 20 and 30 reps, why it's, I think there's a lot of people out there who think that that may not be an offseason type. That's something that I would do in the offseason because the shock technique. So if you think, well, that's not an offseason. Of course it is. Things would be thrown in an offseason for shock value. And I say, shock shock on the muscle is stimulus that hasn't seen before. There's where you get adaptation. So that would be done and can be done during prep to save the joints like you're talking about. And essentially, not put yourself in a vulnerable position or when it comes to risk of injury. I mean, it's not saving central nervous system. It's going to be very, very hard. It's just an I agree. I do, we don't make our sets every single week. Yeah. I think, I mean, I think they're super valuable. But yeah, I 100% agree with what you said. And just, I think I don't change the volume or really very much. The only thing is once I get to a certain point, I am now, I kind of check myself, whereas before I'm like, rapid tighter, you know? Yeah. You hate it too. When you're training partners are there, and especially they're an offseason, which is good for you, for the push. But if they're like, suck it up, you did seven plates last week. And that you know your needs hurting. You know, like, something's wrong. And you just like, ah, there's always like the, be a man. You look like a guy. There's a topic. There's a good topic right there. The pros and cons of training by yourself or with the training partner. You have to knock that one or write that one down, Scott. Do that on a future show. I will. That is a good one. I have a thought, because when you guys are talking about this, I've had perhaps where I've remained fairly strong, you know, as strong as you can expect to be. And then I've had a couple of perhaps, specifically the two times that I push for like insane, leanness. My second show, I pushed for insane, leanness. And then again, in 2015, I just pushed as far as I could as hard as I could. I didn't care how much I lost in the process. And I could have competed like low one 90s. And I ended up competing the day I stepped on stage, carb-dop. I was 181. So it was like, it was dramatic. And I remember being in the gym, just like, hating every minute of training because it just wasn't fun anymore. I could get a pump. But I like my, I was so weak. And it was like that for a long period of time. And when I know it's just because I was just so beat down, have you guys ever, I'm sure you have. But like how bad has it gotten for each of you, like on a bad prep, like a prep where you got weak? Well, I think anytime you're in prep, you're going to have prep, let's put it this way. If you prep long enough, you're going to have props that you're in the green room. And I had one last year. And everything was clicking, everything was beautiful, everything was going as good as this can be expected and sometimes better. Then other times you're going to fight and really fight and suffer and feel tortured. And sometimes the end result isn't any different. And it's kind of funny because you would think that I know in your situation that specific situation you're talking about, Scott, yes, you ended up leaner than you said. You admitted you didn't care what the weight was. You just wanted to get as lean as you could. But most props, I think, really in the end, as long as you know how to, you know, and it's that last week, making sure that you peak because sometimes if you run yourself into the ground and you have hard time filling out and picking and hand up with a little bit of an overdiet or what it calls stringy, stringy type of look. But yeah, you have to sign. I mean, I can't remember the last time I'm sure it's there, but I'm all to can't even remember what I had for breakfast. But yeah, I'm sure that those are there where you drove myself in the ground. And 16 asked for that because it's that more, you know, and Nelson touched on it earlier, you know, even though we prep people and we have all this experience and stuff when it comes to our training, we will sometimes do the things that we don't say. Yeah, it's not a do as I say or it is. It does I say not as I do, not a do as I say because I do the same shit. And I will come out of it with tendonitis or a sprain LCL and have no one to blame. Myself, I would go so far as I say this. Look at the end up with an injury. If you look inside yourself deep and hard enough in your encycl, no, you'll find out you fucked up somewhere and you didn't see a sign. Sure, you did something you shouldn't have. Every I take issue when people say, well, I just came out of the blue. It probably didn't. It came out of the blue to you because you didn't know how to read the sign. It was something different. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It's funny actually. I remember there was a podcast. Joe Rogan had Matthew Walker on and he's like a sleep scientist. And then he had was talking about some studies with athletes and looking across the board almost all of the athletes who had injuries did it when they were sleeping six hours or less. That's a good one. And so it's like there's like there's something like obviously with recovery and it could it could be like your tires, you're not doing this intelligently or you know, things like that. But I guess there's a lot that can go into it. But that's something to kind of think about in prep. Really me and his sleep. I thought two examples from prep and one, I will say this. This is the worst I ever looked. So I know that this supplement is very like, oh, it's the Holy Grail. I think my Nauri knew what I'm talking about. The worst I ever looked was doing DMP on a prep. That is the weakest I've ever been. Sure. My entire life. It was terrible. I looked awful. But did you die? No, I didn't die. Okay. But did you die? That's the end question. I didn't die. I didn't die. It was a bite. God, I didn't look good. And then last year, this like touches on what, skip said about like how long are you really going? So last year I started prep in February and my show was supposed to be in June. So I, my strength was killer. I was going to go whole time. And that was one of the smoothest, easiest, everything was clicking prep. Now during that time, June and Ash no was canceled. That's what I was going to do. And then two other shows are canceled. So I pulled back and then I was going to do a show in November. I only took like four weeks of eating a little higher than I went right back in. So that's February. And then I got around like October and like this ain't it. And it's like, and that was, if I were really reflecting back, I had known that for six weeks, eight weeks. Yeah, yeah. But I'm like maybe it will fix itself. Maybe it will fix itself. Like something. And it's just like getting weaker every week, drained, just looks soft. And just like things are getting worse and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah tighten up and it won't matter. No. So there's, there's something to be said, like, and if it was a client who was trying to like, oh, let me just turn this around a couple of weeks and then I'll do it in November. No, are you retarded? Is this is freaking, it's a year, but I'm pretty sure. Yeah. Hydration. Hydration is another one I want to throw in really quick because I know we got it. We got to jump topics here. Hydration I think is something like, you know, you get people because I get people that I work with who will drink a consistent amount of fluid constantly, right? And I say, well, are you hydrated? And they like they say, yeah, you know, I drink this much every day. But that changes as you get leaner, how much water you need. And I think that for me, I see just a huge difference in my strength based on how hydrated my muscle is. So I actually started using an electrolyte supplement. And I find it helps me a lot. It's more, I used to just do like just the straight sodium, you know, and be like, oh, get the sodium in your good, but with a balanced electrolyte, I feel like I'm very consistent. And then when, you know, in a paint place where I wouldn't necessarily have as much endurance, I have better endurance because I have just better overall muscle hydration. I think that that's a big factor in that strength and being able to, you know, continue pushing hard for longer. I'm not saying you could do that for nine months, dieting from. And I know what you mean, man. I dieted my last shows where I started February, went through November. And yeah, I was pretty darn weak by the end of that. I held it for a while, but you know, yeah. I was really good at that injury last year. It had my show been when it was supposed to be. I mean, it really is that. And it's funny because as experienced as we are, we know the time frame that we have. And when that gets changed and it gets changed quite a bit, that doesn't happen a lot. So yeah, it's not something where as well, versed, we're not as experienced with such a radical change. Or when you don't even know it's going to happen. I got my shows were pushed, but I wasn't sure exactly how far. So those are things that, you know, we still fall back on our experience. But at the same time, I just know I would not have come out of that with an injury. I can't say I wouldn't have. I might have blown that hip, getting into my car. I'm not sure, but it probably wouldn't have been in the gym. Yeah. But also, I'm sure you would agree that even though, I mean, if someone wrote that down on paper for you, logically, you might have thought differently than it happened to you. Sure, where it's like, oh, it's like, oh, this much time. Maybe I should probably take some time off this person. This person should like, look, like, let's do something here instead of like, I'm going to make it. Right. Now. Alright. So next topic, we're going to discuss before we got to our listener questions is in balances. I'm not a bunch of words that I'm not sure we're going with this. But I feel like Skip has a different opinion than Nelson does. Well, it came up on the last podcast with Nelson was on the show. Yeah. And the points that Nelson made, I agreed with, but I was going to take it further, but we were kind of long on the topic anyway. And I think most of the listeners, I assume that most of the listeners knew how I thought about him balance. It's not talked about him before. So the question came up on the advice is page on Facebook. And it was about how to train those in balances and how to bring him up. And Nelson makes a good point. And I agree with this from a neurological standpoint on paper, the studies show that the weaker side would not being trained in correctness if I'm wrong. If this is not what you said, but the weaker side would not being trained. If you train the strong side, there is the neurological component that will help that when you come back off the injury, that weak side will essentially catch up quicker. Am I? Is that no breaks down less? It breaks down less is what it was. Break down less. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Now, where I disagree is when you, okay, I'm going to do it this way. Okay, you have your your weak side and you have your strong side. Okay. It made break down less, but my concern is when you come back, you have, I don't think you should train at all. Like you shouldn't train the strong side. So I'm going to back up my explanation for that. Because you're stronger once I can weaker on the other. When you come back, the way that most people train, I'm going to use the bench presses an example. If you train or even a dumbbell press, once you get to failure, you get close to failure. Typically, what happens is the form on the weak side is going to fail and you're going to get shitty reps and the lats are going to take over the tries and the shoulders are going to take over. You're going to get a couple more reps. So what you're having a situation like that is the strong side will continue to get stronger and I want to get into the there we go. Because there's a delay. The strong side will get stronger and the weak side will get stronger as well, but they still stay in balanced much longer. If you train the weak side and it would focus on the weak side, I call it training the weak side, you're training both sides left and right at the same time. But what you're doing is as soon as the weak side fails, that sets done. And you have to be able to know when your form starts to falter whether you're, and I'm using again, the bench press is an example. If you have to tuck your elbow slightly or something to that effect to change the mechanics, you should not go further than that. Because then at that point you're training the weak side and stopping it failure, the demand on the weak side is more than the demand on the strong side even with the same weight. So then it closes that gap quicker because the strong side doesn't continue to progress. Like it would if there were a couple more reps or that side was taking the failure. Basically, which is doing is you take the one side, the weak side to failure and you're going to sense under training the strong side. So if I'm, if I'm not mistaken, it may have been that I misunderstood what you said because I agree that neurologically it can help to keep the weak side from degrading this matter or attributes much. Okay. So that might, okay, then it's not, then we don't disagree. That's not fun. I don't disagree with you're saying either necessarily what I would think is you want. Or if I were personally to do this, let's say I tore my tricep. What I would probably be doing is I would probably train the non-tored side just because you're putting blood in it's, allegedly it's going to help the other side. And when I start resuming training, I would do it. You're saying absolutely because I would never keep pushing reps when this one's acting wonky. You know, one side is, because you're an experienced person. Training, you've been training for a long time. If you take a client who's relatively new and they have an injury, they may not know that. I mean, we can go in and see how people bent sometimes. You can tell it's like, oh my god, your left side is so much weaker. Like, holy shit, if you would train it the right way, it wouldn't be a balance like that. I think I do think you make a very important point, which is you can only push to failure of this side that is weaker. Once you go further than that, you're doing yourself more of a disservice. Sure. How would it be? Yeah. Oh, you just don't get away from that imbalance that you just all will always have that imbalance. Even maybe more so than that, you're probably just looking for another injury. Oh, absolutely. The vulnerability is it's already weak and you're just pushing past where that can even go. That's how it's going to tear again, you know? Yeah. Yeah. All right. We'll be moving on to some questions then. And then disagree to that. That was so not fun. I know. I bet it's a funny one when you had told me about the topic that we were talking earlier. I thought you were talking to Scott that he was the one who had said something that you just agree with. That's why I kind of legit did register. I'm like, oh, that was a good one. I totally forgot about the topic. We got a bunch of questions here, guys. And I saw Martin Fitzwater's with us. Nelson's. How was he doing, man? What's he going on? Well, tell us why you will I find these questions. And I crack a beer. Just kidding. It's a monster. Let's just point. Martin is getting ready for the Tampa Pro. So he's, I think he's currently training at Flex's gym. He just had a hernia thing didn't he? Didn't he hernia? Yeah, he had two surgeries, I think. If I'm not a surgeon. Yeah, both of them. So he had hernia and gyna surgery. He got them done. February 9th, I believe. So we're a little over a month and a few weeks off. And he started training. I think it was two weeks ago. And he wasn't supposed to train before then. So we can call him out in front of all these people. He was, he was not supposed to be training. And I'm like, we can do cardio. And he's like, yeah, I definitely want to do cardio. I want to do cardio. So I get some blood movement. And cardio turns into arms. He's like, I'm barely moving. It's like, I can hear it too. Not working that hard. And that's how you are. Instagram. I'm doing my, yeah, not. Not bracing with my core. It's like upper body legs, which is walking. You know? Yeah. So yeah. So it's already training arms. I'm barely doing anything. And then you know, then it started getting like just dip in other body parts. And there was like a delt day. And it's funny. He was training with with Brett for the day. Oh, no, he can't do that. He would not recover. You would do a thing, right? And it's very first delt day that he did with them. He like did side laterals that were heavier than Brett. Yeah, it sounds about right. And that's why I say they can't be training with Brett. Martin, you're watching. Pull out in front of every. I know. So now, now I guess where to the point is now he can kind of train. OK. I say use your best judgment. But it's not my judgment. It's his judgment. It is a little questionable. So a non-guys. Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. Truenutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, Truenutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. Oh, man. All right, listen. I've got a question here. I've been wanting to answer this one since I saw it come up from Rob Taylor. He asks, cold chills in hour after training could it be dehydration, low blood sugar, essential nervous system rebooting. Any ads that he's on 700 tests in 380 and P.P. Do you guys have any thoughts on this one? Yeah, that's nothing to do with his gear. Do you know, no. No. I mean, I think it's a good idea that we all laughed with the listeners. I think that's a good idea. That only works. But it's good to know. You never know, man. Sometimes. Yeah, better having more information than last. I completely agree. I saw this question earlier. Here's what I'm thinking. Yeah. And there's more to it because I'd have a couple questions. So hopefully if he's listening as I ramble, he can respond to my question. I'm going with low blood sugar. If he has postwork out nutrition that is very quick and very fast in about an hour, if his training is very demanding. And especially if it's demanding and he's in a restricted clore at state, you can go to a high-pil, pretty quick after postwork out nutrition and primarily if it's liquid. I know I battle with a hard core in its amount of 10 minutes. If I will start sweating that I'm going so high-pil. Sometimes not even deficit. But the timing I wonder because if he did have or does have liquid or very fast postwork out nutrition, that hour could get him. I mean, chills, when he hit into chills and especially if it's consistent, I would say that there's probably did he say he was sweating it off, but I mean chills would. He said that's where I would hold chills. I had something most a little bit different because I think you guys are right. There could be a hypothin. I had this happen to me in the past. And it was like what I was training with Shelby, I know that I was training now in hindsight. I know that I was training and doing more sets than I should have. And it worked really well for him. I've talked about this. I think for me, I was would have been better out. He's training some monster. He did didn't need. I was like, I empty can click. It's only been like two minutes. You know, I'm not, I know I'm old, 51 now. And I have an eaten all day that I've had two monsters. I don't see the problem here. And I just killed it. But you did. I didn't mean it. I dropped you. That was like good. Little energy. I wonder if it is something to do with essential nervous system. If it's not hypoglycemia, because I think that that would be yeah. That would be like the first thing. But I remember getting, and you know where it would be. Like the first thing would happen is it would be like my nose would get really cold. Like if you take in a histamine, you know how your nose can get really cold. And then I'd start feeling it over my skin. Sometimes it would be even while training. I'd start to get this even using like highly brain cyclic dextrin. And situations, I know that it wasn't my blood sugar. It's situations where I'd be eating. And I'd get kind of like just like the best way I could describe it is. I felt like I just got out of a car wreck when I'd finish those workouts. The way your whole body, I've done that in leg day where you get out of that workout. I don't do it anymore. You feel like you just got hit by a car. Not exaggerating. The way you feel shaking up. Just everything is just shook. I think that I had been triggering some central nervous system stuff. Some central nervous system responses. I don't know, I don't know. But I've seen things with people who have, oh gosh, my brains getting really foggy all of a sudden. I'm not 100% by the way. I'm like almost there, but I'm not good enough to be on a podcast. I should just turn it over to you guys. And I'll think about that one. Because I'm wondering what you mean specifically with central nervous system. Because I'm thinking, okay, if you break it down, that he's cold to the he said chills, right? Yeah. Okay. So circulation went from being really good while he was training. So assuming that it was really good while he was training. And you're going to be warm and blood flow is going to be revoked. The beans are going to be poppip. You're then all of a sudden at least surface skin. I wonder where he's cold. He's just cold from head to toe. Yeah. Or if there are just extremities or what. But then your circulation, then what happened if that's the case, there would be some kind of a circulation issue. In that so. So the word I was trying to think of is autoimmune. And that you can trigger autoimmune stuff. Like I've known people, in fact, Victoria's one of those people, where when she trains really hard by the end of her workout, she's ice cold. She'll be sweating, but she's really. Ice cold. Yeah. And it's an autoimmune trigger that happened. So I just wonder, I think that you guys are probably right. The first thing that I jumped to is low blood sugar. But then I also wonder too if it could be, if not that, then some type of an autoimmune response. It's not a common thing. Even like the extreme would be like, renards, where your skin turns blue, even. That would be like if you kept going, you'd lose that circulation. And there's like a type of renards that can get so bad that you can basically get like lose circulation and get like the equivalent of frostbite on your skin. Like you can lose limbs and stuff like that. Well, you're out of my wheelhouse. I've never heard of renards before. I mean, this is now like, this is now the new threshold for auto training hard. Yeah. Up to you, ever, Nards? I think the next step after renards is probably regular mortise. I don't want to. I don't want to. I want to, you know. All right, I'm just going to randomly grab the next one here. Brad Smith asks, best appetite suppressants, when deep in contest prep, the urge to binge is constant. Any ideas to help. Thanks, guys. Cool. I'll tell you what. Mine'll be quick. I'll go first because mine'll be quick. I am going, this is going to sound very arrogant. And I don't mean it that way. I have, am I, my brain is fucked up. It's wired differently. I don't emotionally eat and never have. Food to me, though, it can taste good. And I'm kind of a foodie. I don't get so, it's uncommon for me to get craved. Some have to be really fucked up and weird. Like, I have missed three meals, even deep in a prep. I don't have problems with appetite. Maybe it's because I've done it for so long. I thought about it if I don't know, because I used to have it when I was younger. But I don't have to deal with any type of appetite suppressants. I don't know if it's just locked in my brain because I don't. I'm not sure. So I've got to hand it off to you guys because I don't have anything. Well, let me ask you a question before I go. Has it always been this way? Like, because I found that as I've gotten older, my appetite wins. So were you hungry or were you were 20? Oh, you know question. Yeah, no question. Yeah, for sure. Now, there's also a component too. And it's not always. So I don't want to step anybody's toes here. Again, it can be taken the wrong way. You should, and I tell this to my clients all the time. If you're dining, you're getting really lean. And Shelby says all the time too. It's gonna get nasty. You're gonna have hunger. I always want to step into someone else's body or brain to feel their hunger and just to see so that I can go, come on, you're being a pussy. That's just not even that. Or if I step into their body and go, holy shit, this is what hunger feels like. Holy crap, I've never. So a lot of times, if your diet is dead on, even though you're getting really, really lean, if it's dead on, you're not gonna be in my opinion, you're not gonna be as hungry as ravenous or have those cravings. As if sometimes if you go into an over-dited mode, then in your just ravenous at 15 weeks out, I'm gonna think and damn, I don't know if you should be that hungry that far out. But I do think it's relative. I think that experience and dieting longer, I think the brain at some point just flips a switch and it's just accepted. It's not even something that you think about. But again, I'm talking about me because I've never felt it. I've never been able to feel it from what it feels like for somebody else. I agree with you, I think, to some degree and kind of just like know that nothing will fix hunger. Right, you're gonna be hungry. So there is a degree of you gotta suck it up. But there are some taking the edge off. Yeah, but to take the edge off, there are some things. Right, obviously some people may like Adderall. If you are four weeks out, you have a half hour Adderall. Well, maybe it's time to pop it because, you know, I would probably not do that at 11pm, but if you're about to die after meal one, then maybe it's time. Now, I'm not a, I do not approve of this or anything. Okay. Whatever you want to say. What? A nicotine gum. Nicotine helps really for it. I do absolutely absolutely. A nicotine guy. You're like, I'm fine. I don't need anything here. Pop and nicotine your mouth. I don't know what you guys are. Maybe I drew a lot of Copenhagen. So that's it. Maybe they have found that. That will certainly do it. So nicotine will, it will help with metabolism, hunger and estrogen. Now, the thing about nicotine though is a little bit, helps with estrogen. A lot of it raises estrogen. Really? I didn't know that. Yeah, so it's kind of like coffee, a little bit of coffee. It's like, keep your regular. No problem. You crush coffee all day. You might be in the early mess though. I'm going to be honest. I'm going to be completely transparent. I just learned something that I did not know. I did not know that there was a connection between estrogen and nicotine. I didn't know that either. This was actually, I mean, I can't take right over this. This was a map order teaching. So no kidding. Me and him were talking about this in April of 2019. I mean, it was right for you, Bass. I still have the emails. This is going on back and forth about. It was actually for me. How significantly? How significantly is that? Just backing down estrogen? Yeah. I mean, I just wondered if he had any numbers or anything that was wrong. What we're talking about like, probably as much as a mass drawn, not like significant. Okay. But I'm not a matter. But it's right. It was something like, if your estrogen's crushed and you're taking this on top, like, oh, maybe you should kind of like, one of those things. It'd be mindful. Be mindful that it could have an effect. But it does help. It's not something like, I'm taking a gram test. I'm taking a, I freaking nicotine gum. I'm just wondering if I'm going to get bitched hits from chewing Copenhagen. Oh, I mean, it's like, I think, I mean, I might be wrong. But powder Copenhagen isn't like four or six milligrams. I'll be right back. A can is 88 milligrams of nicotine. Holy crap. Okay. That's a whole can. So it's funny because I was just having a conversation with a client today about this. My friend, Candle, he, he said that he had been dipping since he was 16. He did it till he was 22. And we had like figured out that he had, he had spent, it was like, he's at least a can of day, usually two. I'm like, so I minimum you spent $6,100 between this time, this time, one just dip. Because we were all talking about, it's funny. We were talking about using this as an appetite suppression on the way back from legs over there. I have an issue with it though, just because people, the cost to benefit is can be great for someone that would potentially start using more developed habits. They went into a bodybuilding show and they came out, you know, addicted to technology. I agree. And this is why like, I mean, I don't recommend it. I'll tell you this, I was pretty scared or at least timid about it because when we were talking about it, I'm like, I don't know. I don't know if, if I'm someone who's going to have trouble with it, or what the case may be. So I remember I only bought like a very small whatever box of it. I'm like, this might be something I just need to throw it. So I don't spend a lot of money. It is very difficult. It's very difficult. Well, as soon as I had the first piece, I knew it wouldn't be a problem for me. Because it takes to so bad. It became one of those things. Like, it literally became something I dreaded. And I was so thankful and like, oh, God, I don't want to chew this awful gum anymore. Because I hated it. So the gum is our voice. Oh, it's not good. So if, let me see, like, if it's something you enjoy, like the buzz too much or anything. And I don't know, I think anyone should walk into this with caution. This, just like anything else. Like, there, you don't want to be addicted to something for bodybuilding. That's silly. Yeah. We have enough problems as it is. But we have enough visions. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know. For me, he was one of those things. Like, I was tuning two, two milligrams pieces a day. And I'm not just told me, I know. Matt told me, it's like Matt said, get the two milligrams and do three a day. Max, three is your max period in the story. It's like we treat it like a, like if I only let you have two sodas. It's like, you don't go over. It doesn't matter if you want it or not because that's the rule is a prep, right? Yeah. So wait up for yourself, guys. You know, if you, if you have that personality, then like don't even touch it. You got anything else you want to have the list? I wish I were going to do that. Oh, well, I guess like a fiber supplement can help. Yeah. If you're, you know, because just fiber in general helps. Like I think people overdo it with the vegetables way too often. And I, hey, I don't say that as critical. I've, I've overdone the vegetables. And you just, you don't look good. You don't feel good. You know, you walk around with, you're eating a bag of broccoli every meal. Well, you look like garbage. You just have to smell like urps too. You smell pretty thick. I'm not gonna get it. Gas coming out. He's not good. No one wants to be around you and you look bad. Right. But I think that that can help. And I know they self, like supplements that will like, it has fiber in it. And you can eat it and then drink water and feel a bit stomach. Let me, at that point, come on. Are you doing this little better or not? Right. You have to accept that there's just some of them. I mean, all fat burners have like some sort of appetite's a present quality. Yeah, I was gonna add aphidrin to the list. Even a small amount of aphidrin can help. In fact, I've even used it. When I've dosed to clan, I keep the dose pretty low. I mean, even like I've gotten fat loss at 20 micrograms. Well, so I've actually combined that with a low dose of aphidrin. And I've even taken it at like, 2010 to 12.5 milligrams. Just enough and it helps me personally to get my appetite down. And I've seen the same thing happen for other people. So I'm gonna throw that one out there. I'd agree on that fiber. I'm gonna go back to something you were initially saying Nelson. And that was the fact that you're not gonna ever get rid of it. You have to accept it and you were saying that too, skip. It's like you have to accept it at the end of the day. You're not putting as much into your body as you were before. You're literally creating a hole that you're now trying to fill with something. And I found myself buying more stuff on Amazon or going to the store, shopping, buying shit that I didn't really need. Just to have stuff to make me feel good to the fact that I wasn't like filling my stomach with the things I wanted to eat. So I think that at the end of the day, there's a level of acceptance that you just have to have. Otherwise, your prep is gonna suck or you're diet. I'm care if you're prep and are not. Maybe you're just trying to get in a better shape for the summer. It is not gonna be a fun experience if you're constantly trying to run from hunger. Like skip, you accept it, man. And if you can switch your brain around and be like, hey, this hunger means that I'm getting where I want to be. You're gonna be in a much better place, you know? Well, it can be distracting. You get to the point where it's distracting you from not only just your simple tasks and everything up at your job and your career and things like that too. Because that's all you think about if you feel good stuff. Yeah. All right. What else do we have here? Um... Shh. Okay. Here's an old guy. Ross. Over 60, the body's falling apart. Um, back L5S1, both rotator cuffs. Torin, uh, has had surgeries for his, looks like Naxi 7. Man, he's been through the ringer. Um, went out for a month with muscle atrophy, uh, of the side tricep, um, and L5S1. Let's see, let's see. What to do? I'm depressed. What can a person take or do for this? Three surgeries, three years in a row, three years of bedlock Ross. First thing I would wonder is how many years he's been training, um, because your chronological age, you know, if he's been training since he's been in his teens or if he's been training seven years, that could make a difference. But I would say to first look at your training, I'm not saying that he doesn't have issues where at 61, his body is, you know, um, doesn't have limitations or anything else. But if he has a history of training, his body would be, I would think would be relatively, I don't want to say adapted, but, but it wouldn't be this training hard wouldn't be the shock to the system. I would look at the training and I would see if it's too heavy, I would check mechanics. I would check, like we were talking about earlier, hydration, all the things that can lead to, you know, is he, did he have signs prior to any of these injuries and he just pushed through anyway, ignored the signs, things like that? Um, and I'm not saying that he may not be following a part and that they're just out of the blue and the body is pretty much, you know, the body is thrown at their hands and went, yeah, you're too fucking old. But at 51, I would like to think that that's not the case because I certainly wouldn't want to be in that condition in only 10 years. I wonder how he's training too, you know, absolutely. Is he following everything we talk about it? Think big and advice is and progressive overload and doing one set, you know, to maximum failure. I feel like at 63, I might not want to do that anymore, you know? Right. What do you think, Nelson? Oh, I mean, I'm certainly not an authority on, you know, whether or not this guy, especially if he's been training 30, 40 years, you know, what you shouldn't be doing, but if he's still trying to like do DC right now, maybe maybe don't, man, you know, and that's, it's not to say anyone can't or just say, it just, I mean, what happened is they kind of said, Dante made all these freaks and then John Meadows fixed them, you know? So it was kind of like one of those things where it's like, eventually your body gets too old to do all this and it might not be your fault and might be your body's fault or it could be that maybe you're just missing something, you know? Maybe you are you don't sleep well, you're under recover, you're, you're not eating as much as you think or I mean, it could be so many things. I can't pretend to know, but yeah. Nervishes, I know he mentioned nervous issues, nervous issues, well, I don't want to, I don't want to I'll stay in my wheelhouse. I still think that there are probably, if he looks back and he really digs in deep, there are probably signs leading up to every single one of those injuries. Now, if he's saying, you know, I can't go balls out like I did 20 years ago while welcome to the club. I mean, that's just natural and you don't have to be 60 to have that happen. You can be, you know, as you get into your 30s, you're going to have problems and you're going to start to see things that you didn't see in your 20s. We're made a rubber one where when we got here, I see something you guys do a shit night cringe and think, God, if that was me, I'd blow a disc or my meat cap if you're across the fucking gym. All right. I bought this one second. I said to say this because this is the most embarrassing thing happened to me and so long. So I'm 30 and the other day, my daughter, who's four, I was doing like some, we're just playing in the living room and she jumped over like, you know, whatever, from one market to another and we do have some things and trying to like see how far should I get job. Yeah. And I was going to impress her and I'm like stand back and so I did a jump. It might have been five or six feet. It wasn't, I'm not like a long grumper. But anyway, I just, I did, and as soon as I landed, my knees hurt so bad. That's never happened before. It was just, don't have kids. Kids ruin everything. They end up warming. I cost money. Two legs. It's like, it's funny. That's another thing. It's like all those people who get so worried about not being able to have children on cycle. You're like, well, didn't do anything. There's a good topic. We could talk about that as well. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, we're coming up with a lot of topics starting the show. All right. Thoughts on a blend of no-aster compounds as pre-workout and specific, lagging muscle enhancement that include no-aster bulb nod. No-aster nanderlone and Diana lone. No, Diana lone. No-aster. Okay. My first reaction is, I hate no-estored gear. That's just me. Yeah, because I like blood levels to be stable and maintained in that sort of thing. I don't, this is just me. And I do, I'll admit that I am not well versed and I don't have a ton of experience with no-estored gear. But the reason I don't have that experience is because I know a little bit about them in the sense that I, I'm not sure, a power lifter or you're doing something that you need to, your testosterone levels to fly through the roof for about two hours. I don't know that that is, because anytime your test levels go up ridiculously like that, you have to battle with, you know, estrogen rebound and stuff like that, trying to control other hormones. So I, unless you have an aggression issue or your power lifting or something, I don't see that there's going to be as much of a benefit to no-estored gear. Unless you want to pin it five times a day and even then, I, uh, somebody take it for me. Have you guys ever had bold and known ACE? No, but I've heard about my stories about it. Okay, it's the worst thing I've ever taken in my life. Yeah, I've never seen ACE. I don't want to see what it, no-estored bulls. I know that. Like ACE, I remember I got two shots and that was it. And I, and I, I, whatever, I bought four, I throw all the way. It's garbage. I mean, it's like, and this is, you know, very good, you know, it's like, I tried different things with one and up, but, yeah, it's just, it's terrible. It's like that, it's not meant to be like that, you know? And so they made it, like a freak compound and you can make it into a no-estored, but it's awful. Well, I don't know why I do it to yourself. I mean, I've, I've used, I do like, during some periods to use something like an oral or, um, heck, I've done methyl-train a couple times and I've implemented that, but, honestly, it's like the, the pre-workout shots, not really into them. And what about localize growth? Because he was asking about localize growth. I mean, I'm of the belief that you're just not going to do that anyway with an AAS. So, well, what's it about past the liver anyway? So, it's leaving that spot. So unless, right, what I could see is, um, there could be benefit from having some pain in that spot, better possible condition. Yeah, so I mean, just javish off an insulin needle and go to the gym. It's where it's like, you know, you're, you're not even putting anything in, but I think, Dreno would do the same thing. I'm pretty sure it might be a little cheaper. Don't do that. For anybody who's listening to, don't do that. I don't want to get sued. Um, that's, that's, that's, that's the, that's the next step. It's typos and then it's Dreno. Exactly. The young kids did the typos, the older hardcore guys we do Dreno. Yeah. I think there's more of a group of people that are coming around to the no-asters. And it's, I would say, it's, it's with the heavy heavy training that we've shifted towards. I've heard more and more guys that are, you know, commenting with questions on the shows. And I think it's, it's because people are trying to push more weight in the gym, more progressive overload, and they're looking for a way to get stronger in thus grow more. You know what I mean? I think that's where they're coming from. I know that Jordan Peters is a big fan of that stuff and he'll cycle it in for like two weeks at a time or whatever. Yeah. You know, just trying to break through plattoes and strength. I would say the vast majority of people aren't the vast majority of pros that I know that's not what they've done. So I'll throw that out there. And as far as the muscle growth thing goes, I don't, I don't see that either. You know, I mean, I don't, I don't see localized muscle growth. I think there's something on paper that attest noaster can cause muscle growth. So I won't be surprised if there's some small amount. But I could, I feel like the, the cons would weigh out way the pros. Whenever I hear about like noester or orals and thinking about actual muscle or cruel in the pre-workout kind of setting, yeah. I mean, the reason you take something there is for blood levels to spike right now. So in my mind, I always think you're getting, like, because people will say, like, oh, you're not going to gain muscle. It's like, yeah, but the reason you're doing it is to, let's say you do it for four weeks. It's to have your lifts up for four weeks and your lifts being up and being able to kind of keep it going after you pull it. That's really, it's like the cumulative effect of having the strength. That's really what it is. It's not so much like a this equals more muscle. But I don't, I guess I'm officially old school if I just would prefer to take anageol than like a noester drug. But they're all, let me hear so bad. Yeah, no shit. Let me spin off on what Leo just posted because I think that what he just his statement that he just, I read it down here, which is kind of cool that we can see those comments. He makes a good point. What do you say that I want to, he was saying that pre-workout that they're, I'm paraphrasing, but that there is a benefit because a lot of us will use arrows and again, in paraphrasing, you know, or else prior to as well. I don't disagree that there are people that are back up cool. There is a benefit much like Nelson was saying with, you know, increasing the blood levels during training. My thing is, is I think it's splitting hairs. And I'm going to go, I'm going to step on some toes, I think, with this because I want to be very careful how I say this because I certainly don't want to offend Jordan or anybody else because Jordan knows his shit. There's no question there. And him thinking outside of the box, I think is a great thing. But a lot of people are latching on to, I think. Again, this is just my opinion. A lot of people are latching on to things now like, um, no, Esther gear, much like they, they grasp things like men and things to come around. It's almost like they're saying, well, the EQs and the trends that that's just, we've been doing that's boring. There has to be other things that work. I'm not against that that thinking, that philosophy. But they're almost grasping. It's like it's something new. It's something that hasn't been thought of or we need to try. I think, again, though, that it's splitting hairs. I even when I take an oral pre workout and I run it for four weeks, even if it's strong and it's, you know, anodroller, whatever. I'm not going to be able to quantify. I can't go back and quantify and go right. Oh man, four weeks because I could not take it prior to the workout and if I'm on anodroller, I'm going to see an increase in strength anyway. I don't know, maybe there's other things that can't, you can't quantify like aggression that you may want, you may be able to train a little bit harder. But I just don't think again coming back to cost a bit of it. I just don't see. There are some things that we do on paper because they add up and they make sense. It's, I think it's very similar to GH timing. I don't even know and a lot of top guys have said this, when we've had conversations in the past, back in the message board days, we don't even know or can be sure that timing of growth hormone is really going to make that much of a difference because it sometimes comes down to a lot of us agree with. It sometimes just comes down to whether you are on to grow hormone or you don't respond to grow hormone. Yeah, it's almost just like just take it and get it in your fucking system and it's either going to work or it's not. I think that a lot of what we do is splitting hairs. And I'm not saying that's bad because we can come across things that all shit this works a little bit. I think outside of the box is great. But I think in this particular situation, my opinion I think it's splitting hairs. Okay. This, it's funny. I don't remember which podcast, this was, but I'm pretty sure it was with you guys. Was Andrew Berry on with you guys? Yeah, yeah, not too long ago. This is, okay, then this is the one where he was talking about BBC. It's like my bodybuilding brain and then my logical brain. You're right. My logical brain says, take it, get it in your system. I mean, whatever. Then my bodybuilding brain goes, bro, free workout. Exactly. And then you're kind of thinking about like, J, just take the J, you're going to grow. Yeah, right. But, bro. Yeah. Yeah. The study show. Yeah. It's like the show you still with two I use. They don't show with eight, you know? So it's like it's on a regular person versus, you know, like what are you doing? They're not trying to, it's like, oh, they lost, they lost a kilogram of body fat. It's like, all right. Well, we're trying to get down from eight to four percent. You know, so maybe the life policies, you know, it's like things, once they get more intricate, they get a little more specific. But yeah, I agree with you, 100% and it's like, you, I think when I usually start doing stuff like this, splitting hairs, timing things, it's just like, okay, what do I, what is probably the optimal thing? And even if it doesn't work, I'll inconvenience myself to this much of a degree. Yeah. Now, if I'm probably, I won't not get to the point where it's like, if I'm going to take 12, it's just crazy. But let's say 12 I use a GH. I'm going to do two every three hours and you know, it's like, yeah, to a some point, you're getting crazy. When you're waking up at the middle of the night, you're like, okay, so it's three hours from where I went to bed, not to it. Then it doesn't need to be all that. But if you, I say, like, if it were something like, it's convenient for me. I wake up. I train, I, I work at eight o'clock in the morning, so I train at five. I take my own Joel for singing the morning. Perfect. Do it. You know, it's convenient. You're going to remember them. All right. We got one from Paige here. She says lately, I've been hearing females using a cycle of both Annavar and Primo. I always thought it was one or the other. Just trying to understand why using both at the same time would be a thing. See, she had another question too. So I'll stop there and we'll get back to her and Paige to put her into his perspective is a figure competitor, I believe. I mean, you can, you're allowed to do as many things as it wants as you want. Yeah. It's kind of a tough question to answer because it's almost like, I would, I would compare it to this. Will you get more out of Primo and Annavar versus just taking more Annavar, especially when the dose is low, probably not? In this particular situation, I don't think that someone's going to add Primo, wow, this Primo, or be able to compare it to just say increasing your Annavar dosage. I'm comparing this to her being a figure competitor and the benefit that she may get out of it because she's the one that asks a question. But I don't think you're going to see much of it. It's a milligram to a certain degree. Someone can pick me apart on that and I would understand. But milligram to milligram type thing. It's not like it's anodrol or something that would show a drastic or dramatic difference. But it's not, I took cut to her question specifically. I would, I don't consider that on common. I mean, Primo and Annavar is a, you know, again, it comes down to doses, but those two compounds together for female sure. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I would prefer those over adding windstrild to the mix because I've heard a lot of Annavar and Minstrel being used together. I'm not a big fan of Winston personally with Rose. And a pre-contest or offseason. Pre-contest. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that makes more sense. I don't know. I think it's kind of just what you're, you, your level of competing and I guess running compounds and what you're comfortable with because, yeah, I mean, you can take both offseason. I usually don't have people do multiple compounds, usually one. And for simplicity, for not being a pain and honestly with, I would say with most females and I mean, you can agree to disagree. Most of them grow pretty well at the Annavar, you know. Yeah, not even, not even very much. So, I mean, I mean, I either women speak and better who want to pro-show and almost a whole prep to sing 10 Nograms in Annavar. Yeah, I believe it. I believe it. I've seen girls when they're pro-carts using very little music. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. If it's legit, it's like 10 more going to be pretty good. And you don't have to stay at 10 Nograms, but let's say, I mean, 10 Nograms of real Annavar is pretty good. And usually when people are like, no, this is, this isn't enough. I mean, I don't like be super critical, but you almost get into like, okay, if it's real, it's a good, do you train hard enough? Because man, like, lots of people change and it's super fast. Yeah. Let me ask you guys, I got a question for you three guy or YouTube guys, not three, because I am asking a question. But nonetheless, when it comes down to the compounds themselves, do you, do you look at, I'm trying to not give away my response, but the question is going to give it away. Yeah. Do you, we're talking more about sides than we are actual progress, because I've always felt that, look, just like we're talking about, I don't, I would rather a woman not take wind straw. But yet, if you take wind straw instead of Annavar, you take it in the same dosage instead of taking 10 grams of, of Annavar, you take five milligrams of wind straw and you take five milligrams of Annavar. Technically, basically, your progress is going to be roughly the same for this discussion. But the sides, I look at it from a side's component. I mean, you could take train, you could take DHB, but the sides are where you have to be careful and we, obviously, are more careful with females than, we are males because we get male side effects in your males, not that kind of thing. Yeah, exactly. So I think when the women should look at it more and she may have been asking in that context, but I don't know if it was clear. So from a benefit standpoint of what you're going to see in the gym, stars, muscle mass, things like that, it's going to be roughly the same. It's the sides when you change these compounds that can change sometimes dramatically. And the dose doesn't have to be that big for females. So I just wanted to throw that out there and see if you guys agreed, but I think you did. Yeah, absolutely. I would say, especially with wind stroll, I mean, if you're going to take wind stroll, you need to take less than you would have in a plan. Yeah, but even at a low dose, I mean, I don't disagree with that, but I'm just saying, if we're using real low doses, like it's five milligrams or I don't know if that would, I think, as it starts to get up higher, then of course the side effects become more dramatic when you get up in the higher. Oh, yeah, of course. But let's say on, you know, who, who, who, member 20, like a figure to better, 20 milligrams of anava are usually not that many sides, you know? And most of them, they come to you run in 23 milligrams and you're like 30, what are you doing? But let's say like you're 20 milligrams of anava, that's pretty common. 20 milligrams of wind stroll, you shouldn't be running that too long less the sides get out of hand. Yeah. All right. So, you know, you could, you could run that a couple weeks or even, let's say, like the last week, but all right, if you're thinking to talk in six, eight, twelve, that's not something that's realistic. In my opinion, to do it wisely. So, but yeah, I would, I'd say for the most part, when you're down to just milligrams, yeah, I agree. But I guess I just see, I do see wind stroll is harder. Yeah, oh yeah. She's coming into a show now. So, I think she's talking about prep, you know, and I think just kind of put it in a little more context. And I think that, like, I was thinking a couple things here just to kind of add in. I mean, I think you guys are right. I think that when that's my first thought when we talk about women and steroids, my first thought is like the side effects, not necessarily the benefits. But yeah, you stack two steroids together. Do you guys think there's a synergy? Do you guys believe in synergy between steroids? Because between steroids in general, because I think there is. I mean, I think that taking 500 and test, 500 deck in my experience, produce better results with less side effects than say taking a thousand tests. Skip. I don't know that there's not a synergy. I'm thinking this because my initial reaction was absolutely yes. But then, more, I think about it while you're talking and thinking to myself, I don't know that there isn't, but I question whether some people, because it's so individual, that some people just don't do well on certain compounds. And I don't know, when you say synergy, I think that it's more in my brain anyway, that it's more across the board like this and this will work. But sometimes it doesn't because, you know, I use myself as an example when it comes to pre-mo. I just don't seem to get much out of pre-mo as I mean, as an example. So I don't know that there would, I don't know if I would consider that a synergy with another drug, or I just don't respond very well to it. And I would respond with something else. Here's another example. I have used, say, you know, a trend in NPP together, and I thought that it was awesome and great. A lot of people don't like to do that. So I don't know, you know, if you ask most people, I think they would say, yeah, I don't run trend with, you know, NPP or DACA. And then I do it. And it's, I'm like, oh, that was just some good diswork. So I kind of got a soft topic. Sorry. What were you, what were you going to say though now, so about this topic? Oh, what was your question? Just synergy. I was just not to agree with, over the steps. Oh, yeah, yeah. No, it's funny because I kind of followed along the same as with skip. It's like my knee jerk reaction, like immediately was like, yeah, it's a course of synergy. And then like I was thinking about, well, it's a kind of much of synergy and how much it's just each compound's awesome. Yeah. But yeah, I would say if I were to take I don't know. What about trend and wind straw? Oh, I thought you're going to come. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, because I can see trend is wind, twin and trend. Let me slow down. Trend and wind straw. I would consider I think most people would that that's a pretty synergistic, but is it just that those compounds tend to work for most? I don't know. Yeah, that's why I can't figure out. You're right. I mean, but yeah, I would say like, if I'm, we'll say, turn a wind straw. If I'm taking, I don't know what's a responsible dose. 300 milligrams of trend. Yeah, that's responsible. I know. I mean, sometimes I talk about trend. People like, they look at your meal. I mean, even if you said like, 525, you know, they're like, well, bro, like two weeks, come down. Oh, go man. But you know, let's say you're doing whatever. 350 went, well, it's just like something I do in the offseason. It's like you put a hundred every other day with your test or something. I'd say you're going 350 in the wind straw and or 350 trend. And then let's say 50 wind straw every day. That works awesome. And I would say you're, you're absolutely not going to get the same effects from just adding 15 milligrams more trend. And you know what, you might not want to, because whenever you reach, I don't know. There's probably a sweet spot for everybody, right? All right. And because there's definitely a point where if I'm taking trend, I don't want to go over that less the side effects just get too much. And it's, it's not that, you know, I know some people, they're idea of side effects is like, oh, I can't handle it. It's so harsh. It's like, that's, that's when you're way too much. It's, it's like, I mean, are you sleeping well? Yeah. Or are you, is it just awful? Are you lactating? That's probably a terrible. And then you back a down a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just because you have caber doesn't mean that you need to use it. Yeah. You need to push it until you need to use it. Right. Just push it to get to take a gram of caber every day. All right. I'll dial us back in because she had one more question. I hope that we helped her out there. If she doesn't listen, I guess if we were to give advice, I would just say that if you're doing well with just anivard and stick with just anivard, you know, in that like Nelson said, you can get be the good results, you know, when a girl want to pro show on how many milligrams 10? That was 10. So there is that. That was, that was all the way to four weeks she was a 10. Oh, and I say, you would go ahead. I say, she doubled the dosage. She probably could have gotten her pro card at half the time. I just wanted to go ahead. That was a pro show. Oh, we gotcha. I think qualified for the Olympia on that. Yeah. Wow. So and I guess two my thought is that steroids are there to more or less support muscle in the prep. And as a figure competitor, I really do feel like for a lot of girls at least 10 milligrams and avar would be plenty. Do you need to push that up higher in the off, you know, off season. I don't know, but, you know, it's all individual, but yeah, in fact, man, I feel like steroids can even cause problems for girls getting getting my my thing is I want to see a girl be able to get lean enough and get hard enough. That's usually the challenge, you know, it's not like, I haven't seen girls have like a big issue with like, oh man, she's losing size as much as like well, she could have been tighter, you know what I mean? Right. So I don't know. One other quick one she had is, and I'll be interested to get both of your guys opinions on this. Typically, what is it good time to have your last leg day before a show? It's a good question. Yeah. I'm kind of old school. I use the old school approach and I usually cut cardio and leg training at a roughly about a week out. But again, you know, they're always variables, but typically that's what I like to do because I think that if you're dealing with inflammation coming into the last week and your legs, you're going to lose details and detail and separation. So, you know, there are some people who may need to do something there, but you know, even things like squats and stuff like that, I don't like to do a lot of heavy type of shit like that, even at a week out. So I don't go for the pump and I don't go for the even leg extension leg curls type stuff the last week, but she is that that was a she. Yeah. So a female that's paid. It's the same girl. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you know, everybody's going to be different. I would say it's a very safe way to do it. Then from there, if you feel like, well, maybe I could get a little bit of work in, you could with future shows. You could try to get some some light isolation work in there. I don't know that it would be terribly beneficial. I think you're safe with a week, but that's just how I approach it. I have done a week, 10 days, 14 days. Everyone, like, it's funny a couple of years ago. People were talking about 14 days. You need to take two weeks off, fully recover, and well, like, you're already, you're still doing cardio for another week. So you're not really going to be recovered. I don't think my legs look this good. I felt like when I went just a week, that's when they looked the best. Any longer than that, and I don't have like crazy 3D stupid hang around muscle. So if I go too long, they just they kind of don't have the same fullness. So I like a week. I mean, it's funny because it's like the kind of the stereotypical, the bodybuilder thing, but a week works. There's a reason why most people do it like that. Yeah. I think filling out can be difficult, too, because if you're doing a lot of cardio, and it depends on the cardio that you're doing. And you try, I mean, the larger muscles, you know, in your body, they're going to be hard to fill out if they're very, very depleted, and then you could end up full everywhere else, and you could not actually fill it with, right, no, in quotes, and things like that. I actually think that's like the the more important thing that you said there's like, you cut cardio and like training there. And it's funny, because we were at the Chicago Pro and a keen William's gotten to the elevator with us. I mean, this was in Atlanta. So it's the Chicago Pro. But he got in the elevator with us. He's drunken sweat. This is the day before the open show. And like Jesus, like, is it raining outside? And he's like, no, I just did cardio the day before. And it's funny because I told who I was, he's in a look terrible. This is not because he's going to be, he looked diced. Yeah. Like it was funny because like he, it was the best I've ever seen. And he obviously he won that show. He won the show. And it's funny because it was a really close call and it came down to one point at the end. And I'm like, maybe that last session was like, what pushed him over the edge? Yeah, exactly. Or was he that good in spite of it? It could very well be. Yeah. It's just one of those things where I guess I would say, I mean, I don't always know because certainly I would have never, ever, ever had him do that. But Oscar had him do that. And he walked around stage and that is the best I've ever seen. Well, maybe they were watching it. I mean, not maybe. Oscar was obviously watching him really close. So he was in, in their right next to him. And it made sense. You know what I mean? It made sense. I think there has been times where I've seen cardio be beneficial later in the week coming into it. You know, get cal, get like get the food moving around, get the blood circulating. But it's not like something I would say, here's my template. But I don't know exactly exactly exactly. It's fine. I don't know. I mean, I'm sure if you guys go to guys go to a show. I mean, I just kept you don't normally go to shows, do you? And not no. Not as much as I used to. But you know the deal. It's like when you go to a show when you're at a gym like two days out, all the bikini girls are still doing the cardio. Yeah, you know, that I do. It also depends on the division. You know, it's like, maybe they need to look flat. You know, it's no bikini girls coming in bursting full or anything, you know? Yeah, I want to drag the top of the car. But I wanted to add one thing. We also don't know how much cardio into what extent we think of cardio and maybe it was intense, maybe it was short. Maybe it was two and a half hours and it was low intensity. And he was in a rubber suit. And they wanted to move water because he had spilled dramatically. You don't have to go. I'm not going to walk up the next day. And he was dry as fucking full as fuck. I mean, that could be too. He could have been spilled and then they fixed it. Absolutely. Yeah, we're probably not going to get to all the questions here. Guys, just because I don't have the stamina to stay up and do them. But we'll get through what we can. We'll save them the rest of the questions for the next episode. I'm just going to take the next one I had down here. I am curious as to how all you guys, what your methods are for stacked design for yourself and for your athletes. There's a school of thought that roughly 10 milligrams per kilogram is a standard range of combined compounds during a blast phase for an intermediate bodybuilder. It is something I've picked up from following Dan Du Sheen into his theories, just wondering how you all go about it. And actually, I'm going to tie two questions into one. That's the kind of host I am. Because we can't get them off. So I'm going to try to do two here. There's another guy who says that this is the guideline protocol for the off-season by a, he says a certain bodybuilding coach, not saying the names. Don't want you to be biased or unbiased. What do you three think of such approach? Note is a rough diagram that gets adapted and individualized based on the athlete's needs and context. So he has a graph here showing the weeks and then it's milligrams versus kilograms. And then he's got a chart to figure it all out. Is that for gear? Yes. Milligrants. So I'm going to guess. Yeah, he's talking gear. What's your thought here, Skip? If it's from another prep coach that he doesn't want a name, I don't want to come in. I don't want to respect for whoever that prep guy is, whether I like him or hate him, I would have the same response. I would, I'm not going to beat up the guy asking a question, but I would say that if someone posted anything that I've done with my client and posted online to get, you know, opinions, I would probably be mildly offended. Now this looks like it's another. This looks like he's put this out, I'm guessing. Like the coaches. Oh, okay. All right, if that's the case. That's what I'm guessing. Yeah. Yeah. In Milligrants, I'd have to see it. I going back to the first the first question. I don't use formulas for anything and that's not to say that they're bad, but I don't use them for calories. I don't use them for, you know, gear dosing or anything else. In the reason for that is this simple, I'm going to use two examples. If I have an NFL lineman who might come into town at, you know, 360 pounds and or even sometimes higher. If he's listening, I'm not taking a shout out, but nobody knows exactly who it is. His, my formula, his calories would be significantly higher than say 130 pound figure girl. Yeah. I have seen 130 pound figure girls routinely taking far more calories than this particular NFL lineman to get lean. So the formulas, the reason I don't use them is because they just don't, he's not that good. They're basic starting points for for an individual for a person. I don't know maybe I'm wrong that I don't know if a lot of prep guys use that type of approach. He's talking gear though. Okay, but, okay, as far as Milligrant, okay, I know where I go. Okay, fair enough. I can see the same as I come out into two two questions. Yeah. Yeah. It's the same premise in the sense coming back to the formula, tons of I just don't like it because I tend to run cycles or help to set up cycles for clients based on what they had done in the past. How long or how much of a history they have with gear use, how they responded to it, things like that. Yeah. Again, I, the formula's I'm just not a big fan of that approach. I'm not either man. I'm just not. Okay. I'm just going to say I was like, no, no, I'm 100% with you because I looked at them like, you know, at the end of the day, it's like, it's just not the way that my brain works, you know. Here's the deal, man, is that a formula would be good. I think a formula could be interesting to somebody that's new. And if there's a prep coach out there that's found a formula that works for him, then more power to him. But I wouldn't say I wouldn't be comfortable trying to take that formula and adapting it for myself. My experience has come through, I mean, it's years of just seeing a lot of physics and learning, asking a lot of questions from people who are smarter than me, and then seeing things for myself to understand how to do it. And through all that, I would say the exact same thing as you skip that it's super individualized that, you know, it all comes down to somebody's previous experience and how they've responded to different compounds. And I mean, I talked to a guy who is in a lead level power lifter who I had suggested to use 25 milligrams of anodoro. You know, like, and it's just like for him, it made a lot of sense. But you wouldn't think that, you know, based off of a formula. I don't know. But I don't know, what do you think, Nelson? I've never used a formula for a year. That's not the way I think as far as, oh, you're 200 pounds, you need to be using this much testosterone. I don't think like that. Especially since, let's say, you're 6 feet to 20. I'm, I'm 5 foot 5 to 20. What about body famperson and the same thing? Are you going to, are you going to dose your gear based on total weight? Yeah. Right. So it's like, I've been, I've been taking gear for a little while and then the sky is, he's never touched anything and he's skinny and he's 6, 4. It doesn't make sense that he would store it on as much gear as I would be. Right. So to me, like, and I'm not going to like step all over this version, to me, that's illogical. And that could because I don't have the scientific background to understand is formula. Or maybe we're not getting a little story. Or maybe there's a whole other thing that goes with that graph. Yeah. Yeah. But I still think that the basics are around the same. When you're starting, probably test only 300, 500 milligrams, you're off to the races. You know, whether you are 160 pounds on stage or you are 200 pounds just starting, I'm not going to do anything different. I would still start with someone around there. I'm not going to start someone on a sarm or multiple compounds at once. Yeah. Or a kick, a kick started or I'm never going to ever do that. And you can always go up. That's the thing. I think understand. If you get it wrong, you can just go up. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. Yeah. I don't know. To me, it's really hard to kind of I agree with the comparison to it's the same with nutrition. Like when someone tells me what they're eating, I don't go, okay, well, you're 185. So times 10 for calories. You know, I've never done that. I can understand where the formula though, if I just take everything I know and I completely wipe it out and I say, gosh, where would I start? A formula would be really helpful to get me some type of black and white starting point. So even if for those people who don't know and they use the formula, that's fine. Then once you get that where you're starting with the formula, then you have to start to read your body and pay attention. And I think a lot of people just they you need time and you need that experience under your belt to be able to read the feedback that your body is giving you and then be able to make those adjustments. Yeah. That's right. I mean, that's the reality. And when people say, well, I don't want to do the trial and error. I want someone else who knows how to were basically doing the same right we're reading what you're doing and we're taking your feedback and we're seeing and we're now we might say this some time because we're better off at reading it without being biased and your where someone's individual brain can you kind of go, oh, I'm hungry. Oh, I need to achieve me. Oh, I need or less. I need to have to deal with those biases. Also, you've seen it so many times you've had a lot more experience. So you can make at, you know, and that's that's the thing with the coach and you can make those choices and decisions quicker. I think that would mean the other part of that story too. And just like with with food, if you saw someone was taking 600 tests 400 in Q, they're not going to be like, oh, well, you've got to be on a gram of tests and they under the Q. This is your body weight says that you need to take a little bit like, oh, you'll be like, oh, all right, this is working for you growing originally right here and then you were going to change this when it changes this. So it's situational. It might be a great starting point. You know, if you have you're very new at this and you were you've been doing this for a couple of years and you're kind of like, where do I go from here? It's like, well, my body weight increases this. I want to try this. Go for it, not yourself though. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I think part of by billion is is experimentation and learning your body and kind of just trying out a bunch of stuff. Yeah. But yeah, it's never something I was just personally. Sorry about that. Yes. All right. I'll see if I can find one more here. I'm, uh, that was my phone. Nothing. Is that what that was? Yeah. I was propping it up. I keep it propped up so I can see it without having to really look down and, you know, look like I'm not listening or, you know, I mean, so I haven't propped up and I had it too far and, you know, all right. I got, uh, let's see here. Okay. This kind of goes back to when we're talking about training. If I'm doing unilateral exercise, should I go to failure with each side or do the same number reps, even if the one side hasn't reached failure, um, will one side grow more if I do more reps? Well, that's what we were talking about earlier. That's what the post that I was referencing when it, okay, when we were talking about imbalances. So the only thing I would add to that is that I wanted to say earlier, but we had gone along on it was, I don't believe. And this was just a personal thing. It's not, and I understand that I have OCD issues, but I will never, if I had a bad imbalance, I would not train one side. I would figure out how to train both sides. Sure. To figure it. Yeah. I, there are those people who would do a couple of extra reps on one side. If I just, that's just not something because then you, you get into this big grayer is too enough. Should it be three? Is that too much? It's like you can't look and go, because you're always going to have one side based on coordination and your, uh, you know, the way the nervous system is set up that is, you're going to favor one side and bodybuilding is funny because you want that perfect balance, but it's rarely there. There have been pros forever and ever, how a little you know, in the 80s and everything else. Richie's probably had an arm that was an inch and a half bigger than the other. They're not always going to be perfectly the same and you're not going to notice it. Well, you will individually on yourself. You'll notice the same, but even really good judges unless it's a pecker allad or something. It's right next to it. Then you can see the symmetry or the asymmetry. You're not going to notice, it has to be a pretty dramatic difference in a leg or an arm before it's going to be noticed. One of my listeners from bodybuilding nerds, I think it was, I don't know, he might be listening here. I wish I could remember who it was, maybe he is listening, maybe he'll, he'll message me after this. He had such a cool analogy the way he put it. So imagine if you have an imbalance, let's say like one pack is, well, we'll just like call this a number is the way he put it. One pack is a six. The other pack is a five. If you can move those up several numbers and now this one is a nine, let's say this one's in 11 and this one's a 10, it's still in balance, but that the imbalance that asymmetry is going to look a lot smaller if you can continue to grow both muscles. I thought that was a really good way of putting it. You turned one up to 11. So yes, yes. You got any thoughts that's growing on that one? No, so I know we kind of talked about it a little bit earlier. No, I agree. I was able to throw it in spinal tap on my front, so I feel like I did my gym and for everyone else. Whoever has a thing this is spinal tap, I'm very disappointed you, you should all be watching that. I would like to go back just a brief second. Very surprised and disappointed that skip doesn't like pre-mo. Yeah, I know I am not a fan of it. I ran it at a high note and I'm like God damn, it's just does not see in the second I changed that one compound out, it was great. Really? Man, I really like it. That shows the difference. I mean, that's a good example right there. We both been at it for a while and you like it and you respond well to it and I'm looking at it going yeah, this could go right in crash. It's funny, I know there's like every time I went to the moment, it's like I don't get stuff that's what it's supposed to be, right? So I've had it where it's been MPP and I could just tell that is MPP that is not rainbow. But let's say more recently I know had some bare amps that you know, I know were legit and I had the best experience to where I'm like almost looking forward to doing it again. It's like, I looked so good. I don't know, it's funny. I really like it. I work with a guy who everything he took he didn't get a good response from, you know, like we tried. This is guy. What's up? I said golf. You know, we tried you know, tested in anvara, test in DACA. Like everything, everything was bad news. I shouldn't say testing anvara, testing deep all you know, testing DACA. We tried to EQ. Nothing was going really good. And then he tried master on and he started looking better and he started improving. And then we thought, like he was growing and getting in shape. And I was like, let's I said, I got a crazy idea. You know, you haven't really responded to things while in your off season. Let's throw a little mast in and see what happens. We used some master on anvara and obviously he's in a surplus. He's running test. He's gunna grow. This is more hormone than he would have had. Otherwise, was my thought. And he did his, you know, he's not a huge guy, but he made really good progress. He's got, you know, some decent muscle on him now. But yeah, testing master on was a great growing compound for him. Just like test it. Then I thought, well, if that were good, why don't we try pre-mo and pre-mo work really well, too? So why is that explaining it? You know, I talk to he's going to talk to. I don't know. No, no, you're okay. But I was looking at one other component, too. That was HVG. We looked at all that. And I can't remember where it was now, but everything made sense. He has a really weird response in general. There are some stuff going on there. Like, like his TRT is over 300 milligrams to get him in range. Wow. But it's not, it wasn't a free test officer on issue because when you were talking about the master, I'm like, oh my god, he just said, hi, SHVJ and when he took the master out, you know, basically you can have high levels of total tests and it doesn't fucking matter. He's just a test out. So, but that's what came to mind, no originally. You know what it was? And I'm still putting the pieces together on him. But I talk to Victoria about it. And I think there's some, I think there's some stuff. It's pretty deep in there, though, that relate to why that may be. If I do figure it out, I'll bring it back and let you guys know. But yeah, I just wanted to express that. Yeah, everybody has such a different response. He's like an extreme example, though, you know. Right. Yeah. It's funny. It does give a little bit of hope to some people, though, who are like, oh, maybe I just haven't tried that combo. It's like, that's why I'm not mistreating it. Yeah. It's like I haven't had the master on. I can still win it all. It's just a master. I mean, still win it all. Yeah. Yeah. So skip out as your, how's your client training going? I know. I've seen you with a bunch of people and stuff down there in Florida. You mean, I won on one? Yeah. Yeah. It's going. I first and foremost, I just like being out of the house and socializing. It is very cool. Very fun clients are awesome. I just, I really enjoyed the commute. I could do it without, but it's a necessary evil because I don't live there anymore. But it is. It's pretty cool. Manning. I'm not training him one or one, but a man he down in my am, he's coming back from that torn bicep needs back to be able to train his funny because I was going to note earlier. You were talking about Fitzwater and, you know, they don't lose it. And I get updated picks from Maddy every week and I'm like, could you just lose something? They're only above there. Like, no one is going to guess that this fucker hasn't been training. It's just so it's incredible. When did he start back training? Because I just saw a picture of him. Like, he was supposed to yesterday or something and I'm like, two easier. It's going to be. Yeah. He is still not 100% the way he's very, very closely. He's training things like training his upper body, but he continued to train arms brutal. I mean, they would hold him down in the angle leg press and things like that. And of course, he had to be careful with his grip and pulling against the bicep. I had to put it very nice and it was nice, very nice email saying and he'll back me up a few soliciting. Those neutral grip narrow T bar rows while your bicep is still recovering. It's not going to be the best option right now. I think not. Yeah, I like, I know I realized they're not under grip. We, you did get rid of that grip and that's a good thing. But let's go over hand and let's, you know, let's not go so narrow. So he's really not coming back. Oh, well. Yeah, it was a very nice, very nice email. He will back me up on that. He's coming back. He's doing real well. He's just not 100% yet, but he's very, very close. And I will give him this. He has been very patient. I really thought that when he first had the injury, I'm like, this one of the fuckers are going to wait three weeks and he's going to back thing and I'm going to have to stop down there and poke my head and go, what are you doing over there? But he has been very good. He really, he's being very, very smart about it. So he's got a good support system. His girlfriend's awesome and she's got a medical background. So she keeps helps to keep him in check, too. So it's a good combo. Nice. It's funny. It's like, I usually have to like, check myself a little bit because I do want to be really over the top. Like, what are you doing with some people? But I first I was like, okay, now there's the way that we know it should be done. How would you do it? Would you be back this soon? Or would you wait the whole time, like the doctor said, and so it's kind of like, all right, well, maybe you could get some little grace, you know? Yeah. But it's hard to jump on somebody when they're so passionate and they're so you can relate to it. You're like, yeah, what would I do? I know. That's a thing. It's hard to be mad at Martin for like two seconds. We just, he's just so excited to be back in the gym and you know, you know, someone like loves body doing that much. And you know, it's funny because we've talked about it before too, Brady. We're Brady King. He's the same way. It's just too happy for me to get really mad. You know, it's like, love's it too much. Are you? I think there's an doctor going to go ahead. No, I just said there's an argument there that because these guys recover because they're bigger and they grow that they recover from workouts so much quicker, they're going to recover from injuries quicker too and us mere mortals. Right. So there's like there's that component too. Yeah. And obviously it's like you're recovering faster than a normal person. Right. So if you're, you know, especially there's growth hormone or whatever, it's it's not like you're if you're dad got hurt. You know, yeah, it's like they have like doctors have this in mind like you need eight weeks. It's like we probably need a week. Could we do it in four maybe? I don't know. Right. It's probably not the smartest thing. But it's possible. All right. Listen, let's wrap this thing up guys. For another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear, I'm here with skip hill, check out team skip dot com. Check out Nelson over on the Graham. I'll have everybody's Instagrams in the show notes. Check out our sponsor True Nutrition. Did I already say that? I was going to. I don't know. I'm getting tired. It's time for me to go. See you guys.