What's up guys? Welcome back to Muscle Minds with Dr. Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNeilly. All of our programming is brought to you by True Nutrition.com. You can use our code advices from its four-some additional savings plus that helps to support our programming. They've got awesome stuff, high-quality things like Citroly, Malate, Beta, Alinean, Highly-Brain Cyclic, Dexteran, your pre-is, your intros, your posts. And they must be three different shakes. You can happen to buy that out. Yes. Because when it all goes into your stomach, there's three compartments, like a room in it. You know what? Like a cow. And the pre-ghost of the pre-is long as you will it to go into that area. Yes. So that's kind of how it works. Nice. Yeah. The timing is absolutely vital for some of those things. What's going on, Scott? How you doing? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's another, it's almost feel like it's going to get warm here again in Florida. Not that it's never not been warm. I've been riding the motorbike. I've been pretty much everywhere. Nice. It's generously which is great. So, so much fun. I was going to the gym the other day and I was thinking I was going to be a little late, getting there. And I covered in, like, without, like, going to screw it in early fast, I covered, like, normally what about about 18 minutes in five minutes on the bike. And it's because it's so, I was hitting the lights. So I was just fasting up the hit the lights. I caught the wave. And then whatever lights I do hit, if I do hit them, I can accelerate from zero to 45 or 50 in, like, two and a half, three seconds if I so choose. So I immediately leap forward, like, two blocks in front of anyone behind me. Okay. Yeah. And it's because these electrical motorcycles, just like, you know, Tesla's electrical vehicles. They're all so fast. There's just crazy. The power is instantaneous. There's no gearing or anything like that to deal with. That's cool. Hey, so I wanted to give a shout out to one of our listeners, Christopher Wu. He is a doctor of General Medicine in Malaysia. And he also is a part owner of what looks to be a pretty bad ass Jim. And he, he, he listened to and watches the shows on YouTube. He said muscle minds is this favorite. So I want to throw that up there. Right on. He's got a great physique. Man. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. But yeah, I just wanted to mention that. So what do we have going on today? More like basics like resistance training, training basics, 101 stuff. Okay. I've kind of been paying attention. I've been in this situation before. Long ago when I started graduate school, I was transitioning from, I was a physics and germ and undergraduate. So I took the pre-rex to get into grad school and I started taking grad classes. And when I was at university Texas, I took a class in the summer that was supposed to be like a pinnacle class for doctoral or masters degree students. It was a carbohydrate metabolism. It was actually taught by John I.D. Okay. Who did a nutrient timing book? Really well known guy. One of the best, most published guy in guys and carbohydrate metabolism exercise. You really well know. And I took that class without the background that I really needed. I had some basic shit. And I, and I was just like, who was, I had to study 10 times as hard to understand the concepts. And had I understood the background material, which I eventually sort of, I'm like, oh, that's where that fits. And this is what's going on. And this is what they're referring to. It all like everything kind of can crash together. So I figured it might make sense for people who are like trying to follow the, is volume, the driver of hypertrophy type of thing. And I heard it was actually on Fouad's podcast. They were talking about what intensity is. There's like a title of the YouTube video is what is intensity. So I figured I just kind of covered that stuff. The intensity thing is like, it's been an issue like a semantics problem. As long as I can remember like, like, what is intensity? What does that mean? And people are literally talking about two different things when they use that word. Okay. So we can cover that. But I wanted to cover like, like, basic training principles. All right. I like that. Yeah. It's like real kind of simple stuff like nothing over the top. But then connect with what you see in different programs like my training system or John Meadows or DC training and why those things make sense and why you would want to employ those to produce bigger muscles. All right. Get more jacked. Cool. I'm all for this man. I think it's a great idea. I think it'll be good for people who have been doing it for a while. You know, like myself, maybe get some refreshers, possibly learning something new. And for people that are new, obviously, could be of benefit. Because I will say the one critique, I think we get a muscle mind sometimes is, Scott loses me. You know, you know, but it's good. It's good. It's good. It's good to follow him with. I know what you're talking about. It's good though. It's good to challenge people. So where do we start with this? I'm excited. I can, I can send you the list of the training principles that you want and you can post it up so people can see. That'd be great. We typed this last one out so you have it all. All right. We're just texting through you. You're just texting through? Nice背t, two. You missed out. Didn't you allow? Quite. All right. There we go. Right. Then too easy. Right here we go. That's all right. So and now that I did so, my pose was just. It was just a good score. Then I thought it would have improved. Yeah. So, this is, and now that I didn't even realize this until just as we were talking, that when I was in undergraduate, or when I was a graduate student at University Texas at Austin, I got to be a graduate assistant, a teaching assistant for the weight training class that Jan and Terry Todd taught, and you know, of course, Jan through Victoria. So, these are probably the best weight training classes that you'll ever see. Really. Yeah, just because they were taught with a little bit of exercise science in play, I think a lot of places, and I did this when I went and actually taught those same classes when I was in California, but you go into PE classes, and they just sort of, it's kind of like PE and elementary school. They just kind of let you roll around, I presume. This is not the disparage any PE teachers. But the weight training classes, I think, can be pretty sort of like, let people do whatever, and the students will tend to do that too. They'll just like, just a blow-off class to get some credit. Sure. So, they want to train, they're just there, not because they actually have some fitness goals. So, anyway, these principles of training were one of the things that we introduced in like a little 10-minute lecture. Okay. And this is like the basics of exercise programming. This is like the ground substance of sport science in large part, and it's what's going on. It's the paradigm from which sports scientists are viewing many of the training related studies that they're doing. This is sort of the perspective that we're looking at things through. So, these are these principles of training. You could put them up now if you want to. It doesn't. They're up just like half. Yeah. So, specificity, which was where we start. So, what's specific, this is the first one on a list of specificity of training. Basically, this just means that whatever you do as a form of exercise, be it the mode, like if you're on a cyclergometer versus a treadmill versus a stepper climbing uphill, running downhill, whatever the kind of resistance training versus some sort of cardiovascular exercise, swimming versus cross-country skiing. The adaptations that you see will be specific to that mode of training. So, a little bit of carryover. So, remember the study we talked about two podcasts ago where they trained using squats, and they tested strength on a leg press at any extension. Yes. And despite having a bigger quad, there was no knee extension strength increases. Or muscle, they just didn't know how to use it. That's specificity of training. So, and we apply that as to why you want to add in different exercises as well. So, that connects with this variety notion, which is one of the other principles of training. So, that's just basically, if you want to get better at bench presses, you don't do a machine press. It's not going to carry over very well. If somewhat, but not very well. Individualization just means that everyone's different, which is totally true. We all know this. You know, this is why some exercise just don't work for some people. They get on a bench. Some people squats just don't do shit for the legs. They get a big ass. And they just want to squat like a pilot or a vet feels normal. So, that's a basic principle. So, literally when people have those arguments they talk about, like, you must squat for your legs. That's sort of a violation of one of these basic training principles that are, and I couldn't even know where these originate because they're just sort of the accepted given of exercise science in a certain way. It's like, these are the undeniable truths from which we start building our body of knowledge that there is biological inter-individuality. And some people are going to do well with squats and some people aren't. Some people like leg presses, some people don't, some people like a particular leg press, some people don't. So, that's, that is, like, so if someone tries to constrain you to just do it my way or the highway. And it's very very clear to you that their way is not your way. Then, here's my way of saying, like, that sort of invalidation, one of the basic ideas that forms the foundation of sport science. And it's kind of common sense too. You find the shit that works for you. So, that's the individuality or individualization. And then of course, there's some of the divinus up in the progression and overload. So, first and foremost, if you want to create an adaptation, there has to be some form of overload. So, this goes back to general adaptation syndrome, which Hans Celia, you've heard that before GAS, we'll talk about that, or. So, that comes from, and some people suggest it's sort of in misapply, but it's the idea that if you stress an animal in some way, there'll be an accommodation and adaptation that will occur to resist that stress in the future. And there are different phases of this. And if you, if you go, if you stress over stress, you'll actually have a little lack of adaptation. Yeah. Sort of a decomposition. A map is what we would, we would find if someone's literally starting to over-trained. So, the idea is, and you see this in all sorts of things. This is why I use examples like UV radiation on your skin. Create a stress. The adaptation is melanin production, so that you can have a darker skin that will prevent those UV light getting into your DNA and causing damage. Yeah. So, happens actually with radiation. You can actually produce a hermetic response, like with gamma rays, that increases the antioxidant capacity of cells. You see it with snake venom, like this is people will use small amounts of snake venom to create an immunity to snake venom. What's probably technically an immunary resistance at least. So, people will handle snakes, do that shit. I think we saw it with the incredible help. Yeah. That was a total, that's a little different thing. Yeah. Different gamma rays. It's got a little bit more than antioxidant capability that came from the gamma rays. But damaging radiation will produce that. If it's too much, then it's just damaging. Yeah. So, you have to be some sort of an overload. Something that is outside the normal realm. And this is the whole thing about resistance exercise. It makes it such a great stimulus for growth is that just a normal set is way beyond what people normally do in the course of their day to day life. It's just so outside the norm. That it would produce this, but people consider even kind of an aberrant adaptation. It's producing a callous, that's made of muscle. So, then progression or progressive overload kind of lump them together means that you need to progressively increase the stimulus so that you maintain an overload. So, that's just increasing the weight, getting more reps, maybe even getting the sets, getting the same number of reps with the same weights, but with shorter rest intervals, whatever it may be. So, that's progressive overload. So, you can see like, if you sort of think of these, you're going to just pretty simple things, but they're all interwoven in the good programs. What's your next one? Variety. You do different exercises. So, there's, I think, fun. Sake is the name of the article that are the first author on the study that people often refer to, where they compared training. I think chess with a squad or chess with a leg press, like, one or maybe two exercises versus a variety of exercises. Over the course of time, and the variety of exercises produced significant growth, and all the muscles of the squad, whereas just doing like one or two exercises, I can't remember the exact set up for the particular study. Only produced hypertrophy in one or two wasn't all four heads of the squad or steps. So, variety in our context from a nervous system perspective, thinking back on what we talked about before, produces different activation patterns. You come in and do a new exercise. You've never done, you haven't done before, have done a long while, and train chess as hard with just as many reps per set, and you'll be sore as crap. Yeah. If you haven't been doing, even, like, just bearing if you're doing deadlifts, you go to a rackedead, or you go to a deficit-ed, or you throw bands or chains on there. It'll change things. It's very, very similar. But it will change things. So, the variety, this is the interesting thing. And this is the way I really look at variety, and overlet don't see people talk about this very often. But variety means a change in stimulus, which is really what and overload is. It's not that you're not lifting ships throughout the day. People are picking up their groceries and moving things around, picking up their dog or a baby or what have you. You're still lifting things. You still do those basic movements. You put things overhead in the shelf. Maybe you push your lover off of you and bad or something like that. Well, some are not lying on our back, pushing things up, but you're always doing those movements. But you're just not, but the variety in the case of adding, doing those things in a resist, in the gym with resisted exercise, is an overload. Yeah. So, the nature of overload is because it varies, it's different than what your day to day stresses. Okay. So, when people say the criticism, I don't get it so much, maybe because I've refuted it so many times, but every once in a while someone would chime in on my Instagram and say, why do you do all these weird exercises? Yeah. And some of it's because I feel those better. They're more that's easier to have a mind muscle connection with those. And as Don Tase says, getting funky with it. But it's a different activation pattern. That makes for a novel stimulus. Overload is a novel stimulus. A new exercise is a novel stimulus. They're basically two sides of the same coin that produce the stimulus which is an overload and evokes growth. So, variety is super duper important in my opinion. Not that you want to give up and do all sorts of weird shit all the time. And constantly employ the leader of muscle confusion principle. But in people, it's another kind of tangent we can go on with people, get up and arms by, you can't confuse the muscle. And I'll address this too. I'm trying to think how people say it, because it never makes total sense. It never makes total sense to me. But it's, is if they say the muscle doesn't, what is, how does the muscle doesn't know the load or doesn't know how much weight it is or something like that? That's heard that. Something along those lines. Yeah. It's, it's said various ways. And it's a criticism of people using, that sometimes it's used as a criticism. People sticking to the same exercises. And actually, we do have, there is a mechano-transduction. A production signaling pathway in skeletal muscle. And when you have a different activation pattern, because you're doing a different exercise, if you look at one particular motor units or the nerve and all the fibers that it, that it activates, it's going to be activated in a different way. Yeah. So it's mechanical stimulus, the load that it undergoes, is going to be different with a different exercise. And the muscle does know that. And that, fun-sacce study actually is a demonstration of that in terms of actual muscle growth. They also have done, this is pretty cool stuff. You can do MRI to use a magnetic resonance image to look at muscle activation. So they've done studies where you do a particular exercise. And they do sections along the length of a muscle. And they look at how much activation you see at different points along the length of the muscle. And when they've done that, we're giving exercise. And then it exposed those subjects to training. You see muscle growth that reflects the activation in the training. So whether it's more activation, like in the middle portions of the muscle, you see more gross. Which, of course, makes sense. Yeah. But literally it's been demonstrated. That's cool that you can see. Oh. Yeah, it's like that with the proofs and the pudding that actually demonstrated the proofs of proof of the demonstration that where you activate the muscle is where you're going to get the growth. And you see that when you, you can change your foot position or roll on the, on the middle or the lateral side of your calf to activate the Medial or lateral head to the gastrochmoresso. And you see muscle growth in the areas that are activated using those different exercise variations. So the Charles glass phenomenon of like filling in the holes and using all these funky exercises to create activation patterns. That that are new and novel and especially with the back muscle that you're which is so complex. There's, there's truth to that. You can sense it. You can feel like holy shit that hit my back in a way that I've never felt it before. Yeah. But it's absolutely true. There's absolutely truth to that. So at least as, as, as we can have truth in, you know, in this world. So the varieties super duper important, I think, as long as you're still up the body. As long as you're still applying those other principles, especially the progressive overload one. So just randomly and like you were saying, I think you said a woman made a comment on your video that just going the gym and being tense, just train really hard. If you're sort of mindless and, and you're, and you're not paying attention to what's going on in terms of progressively overloading. So getting better with more reps and or more weight. Then you'd be denying that progressive overload principle and you'll still get a stimulus. But it may not be an overload stimulus. Okay. Yeah. So, and for most people just training hard, you get the new beginning. Mm-hmm. Any stimulus overload stimulus. You don't have to be, you'll just get stronger because you're adapting. So rapid. Sure. So. So. So variety can be overplayed. But it's super important. I think, especially for people trying to eat out extra amounts of hip-hurtry that normally wouldn't come. I would say that's probably the biggest gap in my plan right now is variety. Since I train from home, I'm limiting the number exercises I do each week or each workout. My equipment is going to be more limited than if I were at, you know, the big corporate gym that has the entire hammer strength line. Plus the entire free motion line and some side backs machines over to the side. So I'd say that's probably my biggest limiting factor, but it sounds like you're telling me that you can create variation almost even within the same exercise. Absolutely. That's, I mean, that's what bands and machines both do. Yeah. And they do it differently. What happens? The bands tend to be, create a little more muscle soreness. They tend to be a little more taxing on the muscle. Yeah. And then change, do. Really? Yeah. John Meadows has made this, don't he says this, he'll see it, but I think he maybe even notes it when he writes his programs, but I've seen him talk about it. And I think we cover this in his book. I think I wrote about this in his book, The Retality of Mount Dog Training because I have a section on bands and chains. But so imagine, let's say you're just doing a press or it could be a squat, whatever. You lift up and as you lift up, the chains will add load the higher you go because more of the chain is being lifted off the ground. So, and so that will happen, you'll progressively overload nor the end towards the end of the, not progressively overloads probably the wrong term, but you will increasingly increase the load as you go to the top of the movement. And then when you come down, there's going to be a free fall effect. So the chains aren't going to immediately be hitting the ground if you go really fast, they would just be totally free fall. Yeah. Just like you would with any free weight. Whereas the bands don't have that lag time. Hmm. Okay. You gotcha? Yeah. And the thing that will differ with bands and chains is, this is going to be all over the place. So depending on the band where you get the band and the strength of the band. So in the range of motion, so if you have a range of motion, let's say it's, you know, the chest press, so it's 18 inches. And you're using a really thick band, let's say, you may see hardly any change in the force from start to finish in that band. If it's under a lot of tension at the beginning. So good bands have pretty equal tension. Once you load them up enough, where they're actually creating significant amount of increased load to the exercise. Except for maybe like a hackswot where you've got a really long range of motion from top all the way deep into the whole. A good band doesn't change the load too much. I can see that. Yeah. What's stretched out? So there's going to be a link tension relationship for the band. And that's going to differ depending on how thick the band is and where you got the band. Who's band it is? Yeah. So and how long the band is, of course, too. So if you put a little, really, little band on there. And you only got, you know, a total of five feet of material on both ends of the band. That's different than if you have a band that's 10 feet. Yeah. Because the relative change and length over the course of your absolute range of motion is going to be less for a longer band. So you literally would have if you took like two bands, let's say they're identical. Like I used the orange bands from a lead FTS. Yeah. They're just they're kind of good universal bands. They come in the mountain dog training pack. I've got that too. Yeah. It's great. So if you took, just see you on a hackswot and you can, you could take two of those orange bands and just load them just once. Hook it on the bottom somewhere near the floor wherever you can on the frame or what have you. And then on the bar, two on each side is going to be different than taking one and looping it twice around onto it. Oh yeah. Totally, totally different feel in terms of the change and tension from top to bottom. And the amount of tension you're going to have to probably. That's depending on how tall you are and how much stretch you have in the band at the beginning. So, but with change then, it's also going to depend on how you've loaded the chain and how heavy the chain is. So, at the top, you might have the chain completely airborne. So it's not resting on the ground at all. You might have almost all of it on the floor. Yeah. So you can change that for instance by hanging kettlebell off the end of the chain. So you've got a 20 pound chain, you've got a 20 pound kettlebell. Yeah. And you've got a lot of loaded the top and then when that kettlebell or whatever, you could have a couple of them. And that hits the ground, you immediately have and you could you could figure out where to put that. So that it is chest beyond your sticking point on the way up. Okay. You drive out of the hole and you sort of position that in the right place, of course along the range of motion. So that it provides extra overload where you're the strongest. Yeah. To change the groove. Yeah. You can do that. Yeah. You can, so back to your gym and what you're wanting to do, you could, you can. And then look at the belly, you know, the question I try to do. But you would get a different exercise and they'll feel totally different doing that. I saw a, actually was in Jordan Peters, log on his site and he had done a hacksquat really, really deep with the wedge. So we put the bottom of the foot plate to put a wedge in there that gave some, some planter flexion. So it made it more of a quad based exercise. And instead it just literally destroyed him. The paws were just totally wrecked. Yeah. And that was just a little bit of a wedge. So you get start getting wedges, put a wedge in there, put different configurations of bands and chains. And you could make three or four relatively, actually pretty different exercises with the axe. But if you wanted to. Yeah. So yeah. The bands and chains are great. And then there's all, I've got all sorts of tricks. Let me know when we can actually, I'd love to like, you can be like the virtual tour of the gym. I'll, I'll try to tell you something. I've been, when I've been going, I've been training with Derek Oslo now. He's a two-twelf guy here in town. Yes. We mentioned a little bit. And yeah, and every, he made me washing this now because we're going to, we're training together in a little while. And like I think almost every day or like three out of four days I've been in there. I'm bringing shit in. Yeah. Like toys. Of course I do. Yeah. Like I actually, we're going to do Mountain Dog Rose today. And I have a Mountain Dog Road attachment. Okay. That I bought from a lead FDS. It's just a little sleeve with a handle on it. Oh yeah. And over the end of, or, those are cool. It's in this saddle bag and I'm motorcycle. Yeah. The pan here and my motorcycle, and we're going to bring that in. So that creates a whole different way to do. You can do Mountain Dog Rose on those actually with that with the handle. Yeah. Those are cool things. Another like, three or four hundred dollars worth of investment. And like a super squats belt or hip squat belt. The higher in mind is the one I like the best. Candles like that. The course, the day to day chains with carabinners. We were doing, you do overhead presses with dumbbells. I do. Yeah. Okay. Do you find like when you get up to the heavier weights, it's going to pain in the ass to lift them up? You know what? I'm just getting strong again on them. Because I stopped pushing that exercise after I tore my shoulder. And now I'm, I'm, it used to be my strongest exercise. And now I'm very weak with it. Like, I'll kick up the 75s and I'll actually fail, you know, like I get to the point where like, it's not just, usually if I kicked up the 75s, I go until it feels good and then I stop, you know, and I go heavier. Now I'll actually fail on the 75s. So I'm not that strong on shoulders at the moment, but they're coming back. We did a thing the reason I say the catch gets, yeah, the kick up could be the pain in the ass. Once you get, like when you get to 100, that's pain. Yeah. Yeah. And we just took, there was a machine that just, that just presented itself. Okay. It took those lazy chains, connected in the top part of the frame, connected the other, and the lazy chains to the handles of the dumbbells. And they were just resting right here. Yeah. So you just, you literally just grab one, grab the other, lift when you're done. Just let go. That's cool. I like that. Yeah. And for, like for us, we were using different weights. So we didn't want to flip it around. We ended up just letting Derek use the hundreds. Okay. Yeah. But like for you, like you'd, you know, go to kick it up probably with the lighter ones. And we need to have your ones instead of that. Yeah. Because that, I have this, I mean, that's the, that's the part that always, and I, not going on wood, that always kind of concerns me is that I'm going to like, hurt myself with the kick up. Because it'd be so fucking awkward, you know, like, getting one up, and then like trying to stay on the bench, just falling on my ass a couple times doing that. Yeah. So, there's a ton of little things you can do. And I carry all these things into my bag. Literally, they're in my, um, it's in my book. One of my frequently asked questions is, what's in your gym bag? Yes. I have all this shit in there that allows me to like modify things, change the loading curve, add it, you know, make exercise, safe, you're easier to do for a muscle around. What have you? That's even in gym. I pump it. Yeah. That's even too big. I've seen you pull a couple things out of there. The bag of tricks, the little, the driver bag. Ha ha ha. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Bodybuilding Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, Trunutrition.com for making this all possible. Trunutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, Trunutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advice is, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. And I actually have duct tape in my motorcycle, so I'm good to go, man. Yeah, you do. You don't have to have that. Yeah. So, alright, let's see what else we got here. Reverse ability. That just means that you can be trained. Basically, is that if you stop the training, the adaptations will reverse. But interestingly enough, they don't, this is kind of, this is the whole of the topic, is that you don't have to be trained. This is kind of, this is the whole of the topic, is that you don't, there's possibly a training effect on prints and satellite cell, residents in muscle cells such that muscle memory, and of course there's an epigenic effect that probably is in play here as well, so that the reverse ability isn't complete. So, you start training, you train for five years, you stop training, there's a possibility you have some muscle memory that will mean you haven't really completely reversed back to your starting spot, because you've been previously trained. Yeah. So, that's just basically, if you don't use it, you lose it, but people hold on to muscle mass better than they think, I think, many times, kind of depends on what you're doing, and you can maintain muscle mass on a much reduced training volume, as long as you keep the effort level high, and training is hard. So, there's that, see what else? Oh, and periodization. So, that's sometimes people toss that in. So, that's what I do with progressive blasts and intensive cruises. That's what people get, like, all up in arms with, sometimes, like macro and mesalcycles and all this crazy shit, and people get lost in trying to periodize their training, when they're kind of, I think, in many cases getting the cart before the horse, because if you set yourself up on some sort of a linear periodization scheme, where you have a planned macro cycle that's going to last eight weeks, come hell or high water, and you're six weeks into it, and you're a broken down wreck, and you don't pay attention and auto-regulate and drop things back, or move towards just go to the end part of your macro cycle, which would be some sort of a d-load. Then you're just not training smart. You're not training in tune with what your body's presenting to you. So, periodization is super important. That's what there's tons of ways to do that, but it is important because hell, you can just just from taking time off and coming back, you can get a lot better than what you were, especially having done that before. And I've talked about that with people that have done or did you training, they have the intense cruise, it's the first time they've ever done a d-load probably. They come back afterwards and they're just like, holy shit, what happened here. Yeah, they've never done that. So, those are the basic, but those are the training principles upon all this shit is built. Really, those are the ingredients that people are throwing into the training program, and the pie that they have. I just wanted to throw that out as we can even refer to this. People will ask questions that are kind of answered and just understanding these basic. So, the other thing I kind of alluded to it is that the notion of intensity is a semantic issue in the bro's, the bro's science world, or the bro's versus the scientists. People say intensity, and like high intensity training. Right? And that for the average person, and for most people who haven't had any exercise science, they just think that means training really hard. You have a mental intensity, and that's one way to look at it. In the exercise science world, that term is reserved specifically in the context of resistance exercise for the low that you're using, almost always as a percentage of your one-ret max. Okay, so if you're using 80% of your one-ret max, that's more intense than 70% of your one-ret max. I see. So, if you see a study where they did like high reps, and it'll say low intensity, if they even put in the title low intensity versus high intensity, or this is exercise, creates equal hypertrophic gains, as long as sets are taken to a momentary muscular. So, momentary muscular failure. All that means that they test it, the low load versus the high load. And they use 50% or 30% or some smaller percentage of the one-ret max. So, in, and this is what John uses in his programs, and this is the term that people talk about in the context of effective reps, is effort level, or what your average person, the lay person, think of as intensity, or can be quantified subjectively as RPE, rating of perceived exertion, or reps in reserve. How many reps did you leave in the tank? So, how hard was the set? And that's it. So, when someone says that was really intense, if you were like, in, like, you know, data from Star Trek, and automaton, you say, well, no, it wasn't actually. That was, you know, that would-o-maker was not very intense, because you use 65% of your one-ret max. But it was a hell of a fucking set, because the reps in reserve was nothing, and your RPE was a max of 10 on a zero to 10 scale. So, effort level was off the chain. Yeah. But the intensity, if you're quantifying that from a programmatic standpoint, from an exercise scientist standpoint, what Olympic weightlifter, weightlifting coach might say, was not very high, because it was a low percentage of your max load, you lift for that particular exercise. I didn't know that. It's, yeah. And people don't, because no one-people don't bring it up. And I've seen that, like, when everyone else going through school, and I used to like cringe all the time when I see people get confused with the intensity thing, and it's a weird thing, people don't delineate those. It's so simple. And it's not like rocket science to see how the definition's differ. You know, it's not like really complicated thing, but it just doesn't get clarified. So, you know, it's just sort of almost like a misunderstanding that is completely unnecessary, I think. Yeah. So, that's kind of an important. So, you can do a low intensity in terms of 1 percentage, 1 rep max set that is a high maximal RPE, zero reps in reserve, you take an momentary muscular failure. So, the exercise science definition of intensity was suggested that's a low intensity set, because the load was low. But someone watching that set, let's say it's a widow maker, would never say you don't train intensely. So, the high intensity training thing is interesting, with Mike Menter and Mike, because he intensity there is effort. Yeah. And I don't think it is, sometimes he would go pretty heavy on the loads. I don't know enough about HIT and the other. It's definitely not light training. Right. You're going to be moving big loads. So, it's high intensity in terms of percent, 1 rep max, and it's high intensity in terms of effort level. But, so that is kind of confusing for people too, I think. He doesn't have people do, and you've looked at this more than I have probably as of what he specifically has said, but you don't typically go over sets of 20, I don't think, in HIT. You know what? I don't know enough to say, but from what I understand what I have seen, it didn't seem like it. Yeah. Yeah. But intensity and how hard do you train? Yeah. Intrating tensile. So, but in the extra science world, that's just a tremendous reserve. Just for the percent 100 max, simple as that. It's just a mathematical thing. So, and the other thing that's interesting, I just thought I'd toss out, is that volume, and this is one of the criticisms that's been, just one of the pieces of the puzzle that's a little bit weird. And I'll kind of explain why is when they've done analyses showing that there's a dose response relationship between volume of training and muscle growth. It's pretty clear there's something there, obviously, you know, if you just do one set, you might get nothing as far as muscle growth. And if you do, you know, if you're trying to do 30 sets, you're probably going to be doing too much. Right. And in between, there's going to be some incremental increase in muscle growth as you add more sets. So, in order to do that cross-sectional analysis or a meta-analysis, you've got to codify all the studies that you have. And so you can kind of equate them. So, someone so does, you know, bench presses, someone's another study does machine presses. Another study, you know, rotates among three incline and flat and decline. You know, so the exercise programs are all over the place. Replication is not even something people think about. Most of they're doing just straight sets. So, but in mostly those sets are quote unquote taken to failure, which is a totally subjective thing. But what happens is that in order to sort of equate those, if they're looking at the number and they're going to measure the difference in size of the triceps, the studies will just say any exercise where the triceps is significantly involved, like any pressing exercise or an isolation exercise. And overhead press and incline press, the decline press, the chest press of any sort counts as one set. That's very often been the case in terms of counting sets. But we know that if five sets of bench press, five sets of an incline press, are not the same as five sets of a rope trice set press down. In terms of the stimulus, that's applied to the triceps. So, if you start equating those things, you immediately have a measurement error issue. Basically, because you're not doing a, it's kind of the only way to get around it to some degree, unless you just count compound exercises a half a set, which can be done too. You still come up with the same answer. But that's one of the things that is important to look at in studies where people, if you want to dig in on that volume, is the main driver of muscle growth idea, is if you're looking at, for instance, the triceps, and half the sets that are counted as triceps, that's, we're not triceps isolation exercises. Then you've got an issue, especially, especially if, as body voters know, you're doing a chest press to train the chest. Yeah. And you're intentionally not training the triceps. So, if you're, if you're doing it in my mind, if you're doing a good job as a body builder, and you chose it a chest press to train the chest, then you have a good and mind muscle connection. And you're intentionally not coming close to failure in terms of what the triceps can do. Yeah. The triceps are getting fatigued, they're not the weak link. You've taken them out of the exercise, and if that's the case, then you probably shouldn't be doing a chest press, train your chest. Because it's now a tricep exercise. So, that's the thing that's sort of, it's a contradiction in, in a certain sense, because that level of, this is where the, the bros, the guys, the trenches, are kind of a step ahead of the exercise scientists, because in order to, if you want to come up with a way to count the number of sets, in terms of accounting the volume, you would, ideally, you wouldn't count those triceps sets. Or you, you'd count them at the half a set or something, but you'd consider the fact that if someone's doing a chest press, it's for the chest. Whereas if you count that as, if someone does a really good job, so here's what could happen. Imagine the scenario you've got one person who just, they're, they just train whatever they do, the chest press, it looks the same, but it's just, they're just a triceps and a deltpressor. They don't get shit for growth in their chest. So all those chest presses are really strong, they're really strong stimuli for their triceps. And the other person does six sets of chest press and six, the three sets of triceps, and they do a great job of creating a nice, mind-muscle connection in the chest, and their triceps don't get anything from those six sets of chest press, to each of inclined decline and flat, something like that, let's say. So the one person does nine sets that are really pretty good sets for the triceps, and the other person does three, and maybe the equivalent of a couple extras, because they do get some tricep work, but they do a great job of not using the triceps. Those are completely different stimuli. Oh yeah. One's nice, that's the other one's four and a half sets or something like that. Half of volume, but on paper, if you count them all as triceps, that's nine sets, either way. And you're actually, so what you find then is the person who's doing a good job of making the chest press into a chest targeting exercise is not going to get good growth as good a growth in their triceps. If those three sets of triceps are suboptimal in terms of volume for producing growth in the triceps, because they're only doing three sets. And you can't compare the nine sets with the person who just drives with their arms on everything with the guy who's doing. So the better bodybuilder might end up having, is basically undergoing a completely different stimulus in terms of the triceps. If that's where you measure the muscle growth, that's an easy place to do it because it's on the arm. So that's something to consider that's kind of the important, when just looking at training volume is that in those studies, they just look at the number of sets. And how often, let me just ask you the how often do you do cluster sets or drop sets or rest or force dress? Those sorts of things and you're training. I'd say semi-frequently. So my frequently, like every other workout maybe? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, say so. It's not going to be for everything. So maybe let's say our training legs and it where hamstring focused, I may do hamstring curls might end up being some type of a intensified set. For like a top set, right? Right. So that's the other thing that doesn't get included that people very, very often do in these, in the scientific studies, is they typically just use straight sets for the sake of simplicity. Yeah. But how to heck when you do a rest-pause set and you get 12, 4 and 3 reps, you get 19 reps. How to help you quake that to someone who did 10 reps and 9 reps and 2 straight sets? Yeah. Yeah, you can't. I mean, it's totally different animal. So you only, you only comparing straight sets in that most of these studies, whereas most people are doing some sort of cluster set or drop sets. And there's various studies that have investigated those. So the mind muscle connection in terms of how people are performing the exercises compound versus isolation is a source of fuzziness in terms of set counting. And then in terms of external validity, we've got the issue that people don't just do straight sets. Some many people do, but many people are doing all those sorts of intensifiers intentionally, because there's a stronger stimulus that comes from that. So how do you know, like, let's say you do 10 sets that are straight sets, and two of the things you do are cluster sets. Okay. Yeah, and so those 10 sets kind of get you to do. You're building up the accumulated stimulus of a workout. And what really is that makes that particular workout, and overload was the fact that you went beyond failure in some way, shape, or form, doing those cluster sets or those drop sets. So 12 sets, straight sets wouldn't have done anything. It's only those cluster sets. It's only the drops that made the difference. That's the driver with sort of a cake of those 10 straight sets. It's the icing that made the cake taste so good and made it a stimulus that produced muscle growth. So though that's the thing that's kind of hard to think about, because how do you count those? Two cluster sets, like two rest-possed, and these three rest-possets? I don't know, that's probably worth at least three sets, but the reps are going to be half as much or less than half, in terms of total reps. What about the effective reps? And how many effective reps do we count? Is it just the last five? Are all the reps effective on the second and third failure point of a rest-posset? I would say so. So you do a rest-posset that's 12, 4, and 3. Do you then get two effective reps on the first and then 4, and 3, so that's nine effective reps? So how many sets do you have to do to get nine effective reps that you do straight sets? So that's a little bit, it's confusing, but it's worth considering because the effort level and what creates the overload stimulus is really what we want to quantify by looking at training volume. And it's a known, it's not like this exercise scientists who do this work, don't know this, but it's a known over-centralification. It's a known potential for lack of precision in quantifying training volume because you're just doing straight sets like that. And that's kind of the only way to get around it. And that's why when everyone jumped on Brad Shonefeld's study with showing that you really high levels of training volume produce greater muscle growth, he was literally, he wasn't saying anyone would you go out and train that way, necessarily, but literally just was showing a proof of concepts. So that's what the exercise science is just trying to show that there is a relationship between volume and muscle growth, just some degree. But it can't really, unless you start comparing rest-pause sets on top of straight sets and all the complexities. And the way like John does training, I mean, or the way you do fortitude training, like I've never seen any, there are a few out there, but there's no study that's looked at fortitude training where people are doing straight sets in the six to twelve range, a fortitude training style muscle round, and then high rep pump sets that are auto-regulated. We know that auto-regulation helps in terms of programs. We know that plus for sets can be advantageous. We know that heavy training gets the job done. So you've got all these combination of things that all the individual studies have shown, there's some effectiveness there. But they don't get tested all in one in one particular study, because you don't know what's creating the overall effect. You compare a straight set program versus fortitude training program. Is it the muscle rounds that may, let's say, that fortitude training is better, just for the sake of argument. Is it the muscle rounds that did it? Is it the fact that they could auto-regulate the training stimulus, and how they do pump sets? Yeah. What's the deciding factor? It's not isolated. So to some degree, unless you just have, unless you can just come in near thousands of people and force them to do just resistance training study again, again, again, over and over, you're never going to be able to tease apart all of those particular aspects, because we're testing humans here. But the individual pieces can be teased apart. And say, ah, that's a good ingredient. Cluster sets are a good ingredient. Auto-regulation is a good ingredient. Higher rep sets take an effelure. That's a good ingredient. But testing them at all once doesn't allow you to tell what actually worked, but the other studies, just they just point in the direction of those are the good ingredients. Volume that's high enough to produce an overload. That's a good ingredient. You've got to do enough. So the studies can't be taken literally, so to speak, to use sort of the lay terminology, because what is actually done is so different from what's done in the studies when you combine all those sorts of things that they're just not the same. But that doesn't mean the studies are worthless. So anyway, that's the training volume thing, which is a little bit of a, it's been a point of contention in the science, you nerdy body building. We're old about like, what does that really mean? And the intensity thing is just worth saying, because you hadn't even heard that. Yeah, no, yeah. I see, I see arguments all the time and people don't know what they're, they'll literally say, no, this is what intensity is. It's like, no, this is what it is. And they just argue without trying to clarify, well, there's two different ways it's used. There's two meanings to the word. Yeah. Yeah. So we did have a question too. That we had a question from Dallas. Oh, the one earlier in the week. Yes. So last week. He said, and I know you answered him over at the, the board at the group. I should say, for Think Biggen and advice is radio. But I wanted to ask you here because I thought this was a, do you mind if we, do open it that one for a minute? Yeah. All right, cool. Because I thought, yeah, people would get a kick out of it here. He says, I'll start by saying, I've been listening to the podcast for several months now. And love the information that's being put out. I stumbled upon advice as radio after reading Scott Stevenson's Beer on body building book. Yeah, body building coach book. However, I've never asked a question. Let's see. Scott, one for next week. Okay, here's the question. My question is for Scott Biggen and Scott Stevenson to discuss potentially using Widowmakers as a tool to train your CNS. I have a gym partner who, to me, looks like he half asses his sets. But he says he hits failure. His bar speed barely changes and then he racks it after listening to last week's episode. I thought about utilizing Widowmakers to train his CNS to push him further into his sets. Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. And thanks for watching Dallas. Yes. That's a good question to the great question. So actually, I can, I can address that. I'm a little different than I did when I answered on the on the on the Facebook page. With the notion of specificity of training. So if we're going to train the CNS to get better at those grinder reps, where bar speed slows down, where you're really look like he's, he's pushing, you're pushing very, very hard. You have to have practice at that. You have to actually do those reps often enough. To then expose the nervous system to that level of effort so they can get better at it. And you can learn how to do it. Yeah. So you can imagine someone who, like, let's say they, they finally get motivated to do like a really hard rep, where otherwise they would react. And this time, they get to that point and they just hold their breath. They do have Al Salva and they close their eyes and they just, and they're squatting, let's say, and they just push up and they literally almost fall on their ass. Because they've never tried that hard before. So the next time they come back, the next workout when they're doing the widow maker or another set like that, this time they realize I should probably keep my eyes open. You know, maybe a little bit of breathing at the bottom, you know, bust out at the bottom, but exhale on the way up and they, they figure out a better strategy. Yeah. And then they realize, you know, maybe they rack it after one really tough rep like that. And they were like, you know, I probably could have done another one like that. So the next week they come in and this is what I think Dallas was kind of getting at is that over time, calling those sets widow makers, where you can rest as long as you want, and then expose yourself to those, those grinder reps where you rest five seconds. Don't put the bar down, sets on a squat. And you get practice at doing that. You would get, you get better at it. You get used to, there'll be a, like a true CNS motor learning effect. Just learning how to execute the skill of staying upright while you're pushing that hard, not closing your eyes, what's doing through breathing, knowing like you need to keep your back arch. So you don't let your back bow, which a lot of people do when those last reps when they get low back fatigue. So all those things we come into place, you have internal mental cues that are being involved, and just learning how to activate and disinhibit during those high effort sets. I have to reps at the end of a set is something that we come with practice. Then there's the psychological effect of knowing that you're not going to die, that you're going to make it through. Some people can get kind of a claustrophobic feeling too when you're breathing that hard. Yeah. And you think like, you know, I just have to get out of this, like let me free, like let me out from the bar, like there's kind of a panic-y type of thing. And you get used to that, you're not going to die. Yeah. Yeah. And then like you can eat, like I, that's one of the things when I visualize, and this is a psychological phenomenon, is I will visualize the feeling that I have, where the vision, you know, distance really isn't a factor in my vision, it sort of everything's kind of blurry. You can feel how it hurts, where it hurts, what your motivation is to drive the way. All those aspects of that, that really like the most uncomfortable part of the set, you just see it in your mind's eye. Yeah. You get used to it. So yeah, you, by just calling those straight sets, widow makers, so that it's training partner would like, have to practice the hard grinding reps like that, is a way to get that practice in, but first and foremost, and this is what I did say on the board. So it's a matter of having the practice of specificity of training would take effect, and you get better at those. But if he's not motivated to do that in the first place, so he says, this is my failure, and like that rep is just the same speed, and looks just as effortful as the first rep, and that for him is failure, then he's never going to get the practice. Yeah. I'm going to be able to learn how to do those, because he's never going to be driven psychologically to push himself to that level. So if the motivation isn't there, it's not going to happen. And I, I mentioned the funny story, I think I told here before, I told it a few times. So when I was in back in Arizona, I was, I had my gym, and I've been doing, this is before fortitude training, and I've been doing DC training, and I was doing some other things, and I decided I'm going to come back to DC training. And the main trainer, like the first trainer at my gym, is the first guy that we had, he's got the entire time, Andrews is the main great guy. He wanted the train with me, because he's like, I don't want to put on a size. He's either like, I want to put on size, and then he's like an arm too fat, and he's always didn't really what he wanted. He couldn't set down a goal in track after it. So he was always jumping from one thing to another. But he figured, like, if he came on with me, like, I was going to train at a time when the gym was empty, when he wouldn't have clients normally, we could train together. Three times a week, DC training two way split, no problem. We can do that. So we start off with training lower body, the first day. And we decided we're going to do Smith squats, was the exercise for that day, and I do my heavy set. He does his heavy set, and then it's time for the widowmaker. Okay. So, you know, I explained to him like, how would a maker, you know, goes, why it's called a widowmaker, that if someone, if you were married, you know, someone's thinking, you're probably going to kill yourself, and you're going to make a widow out of your wife, because you're going to die at the end of the set. Like, this is it. Like, this is your last breath. Yeah, yeah. And I do my widowmaker, and, you know, I get done, I kind of climb out from under the bar, and I'm, you know, panting and breathing, everything like that. And he's sitting there on the bench in front of the Smith machine. And so I kind of look up, and I look over to him, and he's not really looking at me. And I'm like, what do you want? Oh, man. Like, what do you want in the bar? Like how much weight? And he's like, I don't want to do that. Yeah. I'm like, I'm like, what? He's like, I'm not going to do that. I don't want to do those. I'm not doing that. I'm like, yeah. Like, okay. A problem? Yeah. So that was it. Like, that was the end of the workout. He's like, I'm not doing this. Yeah. I don't want to try that on. I just didn't want to do it. He can't blame him. Which was great. Because then I didn't have someone lolligagging, you know, it's sandbagging all the way. And fake it. Yeah. Making excuses for not showing up or who knows what. So, but he just wasn't going to do it. What do maker? He just wasn't. He knew, like, because he would see how I do them. And he knew that what he would do would. I hit the safest way because it sounds. He could just, you're a panel in comparison. Yeah. Yeah. And what do you do the same? No, he could just, you wouldn't be able to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just wanted to do that, you know. So, and he just admitted it. Like he doesn't want to train that way. So, he would never get good at those because he would never do them. Right. And he didn't want to do it. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, the thing, it's kind of tough. The thing that, like, I'm just thinking of a solution for Dallas, that's training partner. And you don't, you know, doing this on all exercises is not convenient or practical. But one thing you can do, if you want to get a little extra stimulus and personal trainers do this a good bit. And it's a way to sort of trick people in the getting extra reps and even getting used to pushing past a failure point is to basically do four straps. Okay. But add those straps in before they really reach failure. Oh, really? Yeah. So, you're stronger on an eccentric than you're on a concentric. Yeah. So, lower, more weight than you can lift. And, I mean, you could literally, if someone completely pulled the weight up, you can go to failure. And most people could do two or three reps, depending on the exercise. With controlled negatives only, with no effort whatsoever, literally the barx just comes up and then you do it just to control negative. So, let's say someone's doing a weight that could do like 12 times and the 13th rep they'd hit failure. What a person's trainer's will do is you get to like 10 or 11 and they start helping. So, what that means is then they get 15 reps, let's say. And you assisted on the concentric. So, you made it a little bit easier. They never really reached through because failure is almost always a concentric failure. Yeah. Unless someone's, you ever once in a while like, maybe they rest at the top, you know. And then they try to get another rep and it just like, way too much and they just kind of give out. They have a nervous system collapse. But it's almost always failure like the bottom because it can't concentrically move the weight or there's somewhere in the rep. You avoid the concentric failure but you give a little bit of assistance so they get, you know, one or two reps shy of failure, concentrically. But you added then three or four reps that are eccentric. The lowering which they can do because you're stronger that way and the energetic, the metabolic stress or the metabolic demand of eccentric is much less than concentrics. So, take much at all the weight. You can do that repeatedly again and again and again. So, you one way to get a look and what that would do then for his training partner. If he's trying to get him to learn to kind of stay in that zone is you get ten and you give a little assistance. It's not a failure rep yet but you give a little bit of assistance and then you just give incrementally more and more assistance. So he's spent, so he has five reps that are short of true failure that are within his training effort level like what he's willing to do. So instead of having one of those where he's like at his max effort that he's willing to give, he has five because you're assisting him. Plus, you're adding those eccentric which is going to create more stimulus. It's going to create more muscle, soreness as well. But it also will because the repeat is about effect prepping for training hard in the future so you won't get really sore. So that thing you can do is just give a little help. That's a way that's one real practical reason why having a training partner or a personal trainer there can kind of supplant your lack of motivation. In a way, really don't like the failure reps or they're not safe to do. You could add on basically four straps. But not really like you read someone like you asked like I want to do a four strap. I haven't done this for a long time, but it's happened to many times. So you asked for a four strap, just give me a little help and they just want to fucking kill you. So little you're like here and it's like, we don't want to make it a 10 second rep. Just keep the bar moving at a normal speed but help me out. They just like, they're just like, okay, now the bar is going back down. You need to help me more. Right. You have people you before? Oh yeah, of course. What are you doing? Trying to kill me. So you don't want that in this situation because that's going to that actually would create a lack of that doesn't create a lack that creates a lack of the trust. Yeah, the person's like, are they really watching out for me? Yeah, anymore, I don't ever do. I don't really do any kind of spotting like I don't ask for help. I just don't, you know, it's not either. I want people to stay away. I see their hands coming toward it, you know, and I would rather just do it myself. And because I usually train myself anyway, you know what I mean? And I can take it there as far as I need to and if, you know, I don't know. Right. I had a guy, this was a long time ago and I was doing an overhead press bar, but overhead press in a overhead press bench. And I was warming up and I think I was, I was pretty strong the time I was, I'm able to go to like two and a quarter or something like that. Yeah. So I did 135 and I think I did 185 and I'm literally just kind of repping out and I see in the mirror in front of me. I see him run up and he's like just like, it gets up on the platform. He's, he wants to spot me and I'm just, I'm bringing the, I'm, this is a little warm up set. So I'm not really strong. It's not wanting to grab the bar. Yeah. And he, I was like, no, no, I got it. This is a warm up set. And he keeps on putting his hand near the bar and he's getting, like he's really close to the bar. And I'm like, please move your hands from the bar. Yeah. Yeah. Basically, I think I said, would you go away? Look, look, look, look, get out of here. And then I went to two and a quarter and the guy, he couldn't get out of his head. Like, so it was a nice intention. He ran over and he went to jump up on the platform and he tripped and he fell into the bar and knocked it into my head. Oh shit. Almost fucking up. And I'm like, that's why I didn't want you to help me. So please, let me do this by myself if you would. But it was like, yeah, so you don't know when someone comes out of nowhere. What they're going to do or where they're at or if they're going to be too much help or Yeah. They don't know what to do. So you got to be able to have a ton of dumbbell press. He climbed dumbbell press. Yeah. So when tripped, running up on me when I was going to failure. And I had, I don't know, the 120 something over a hundred pounds, big, big dumbbell. And then I hit my elbow. The dumbbell went like that and fell onto my head. Oh my god. Because they're running up. A lot of people run into you in the gym. This is twice in 40 years. Okay. Not that often. Because I can add it for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Those were the 20 times I think that's ever happened, I think. I remember I wasn't good at spotting Shelby when he didn't really want spots very often. But there was occasionally a time that he would want some type of assistance. Just like early on, I remember I wasn't good at it. Because I was, I had really looked up to him a lot. And so I was like really nervous. Like I wasn't going to do a good job at it. And so I was not, I remember that's the, that's the one time I can think of. Or like I was not a good spotter at that point. Yeah. I think the way, like kind of a mindset to have as a spotter is you want to make sure the person's safe. But you actually want to make it harder for them. Yeah. That's the little point is that you can take the set further than he would without a spotter because you have the safety net of the spotter in place. Sure. Sure. So when you're watching them and they're struggling, you know, you don't like just pull the bar up right away. You're not there to like make it easier. They're to make it harder and let them struggle. So you almost want to be kind of a, have a little bit of a task masters mentality like. Sure. I'm going to, I'm going to, we're going to wreck you in this set. I'm going to make sure you get wrecked. But I'm going to make sure you're safe while we get you wrecked. Yeah. And then that, that works out most of the time. So there was a, by time, this was a, this was a long while ago, but there was a, went down to no golly, Mexico. Oh, how are they? Okay. So people that there's a friend of mine had some friends who were competing in this meet. And they had a guest, Lifter there. And I forget the guy's name. He at the time was in the running for the worlds. He was one of the best bench pressures in the world. He, he bench pressed over 700 pounds. He was going for a meet. Going for like 720, I think. Mm-hmm. And an upcoming meet. And so we went to this gym and he was there. And there's 20 powerlifters in this meet. And everyone's so intimidated by him. Mm-hmm. Because he's just, fuck a gigantic guy. He's really well known. I wish I could remember his name. But he was sort of in the running for a while. And I just walked up to him and just said, I just introduced myself and started talking with him. Because what I noticed was he was like trying to put his suit on and he was, he was managing chalk. And all this, and no one was helping him out. And there's a little bit of a language barrier there too. Yeah. This was in Mexico. And so I'm just chatting with him. All the powerlifters were like scared of him or they were intimidated by him. And like, I didn't know. I just wanted to learn from him. So I ended up helping him get his bench shirt on and actually in a spotting him. Okay. For his, for his attempts. And I remember this because I'm like, it's one of the first and only times when they had spotters on the side. Yeah. But it's first attempt was 675. Wow. And it wasn't a great bench for spotting. And I'm like, if something happens, I can't pull this weight off him. There's no way I can, from that angle, pull 675. He's spotting. Yeah. I don't know what I'm, I'm going to have to be as, you know, quick on the draws I possibly can. Yeah. And I remember it was a hot day. There's no air conditioning in his summertime and air is actually in Mexico. So even further south. Yeah. I was sweating. You know, I'm trying not to sweat on him while he's getting ready. Right. And he said, watch me close. And I remember he brought the bar down. And he did a full pause. And he exploded with the bar so fast. I literally almost reflexively could not pull my hands out of the way. Oh, shit. He's running in the bar. I literally almost hit the bar with my hands. Yeah. Yeah. But the 675 came up. It was like, like, literally like that. It was like, holy shit. It was like a half a second for the whole. Wow. Wow. Amazing. And then he went to the set and our 705, which is part of, this is like part of his training. Yeah. Because this is one of his, he planned this for one of his heavy days. I think. Okay. Before I'm leading into the meat. So. I was a little bit more in tune of like how our speed Kennedy with the 705. But I was, I remember that because you reminded me, it was like, I was like, I was like, don't want to fuck this up. You know, I don't want to ruin his app. No, throw him out of his groove, especially with those. It was just like a single ply bench shirt. It wasn't raw. But in the single ply, it's that time. This was close. He was going for the road record. But he still, he throws someone out of the groove on a bench press like that. Those guys are so have to be so precise. You could fuck him up. Like it back to be it. So, yeah. But he trusted me. You know, he's like, he's like, hey, can you spot me? I was kind of the only choice because no one else was talking to him. Yeah. And he looked, he was like, you look like you lifted for a little while. So, right. I got the spotty. Well, you know, I've never done a powerlifting meat. And I don't even bench press. But anyway, yeah, that was kind of cool though to spot it. Someone pressing 700 pounds. Yeah, no kidding. Just to be there, be that close and see it like that, you know? Yeah. It just no like, it's like when you get really big weights on the bar that's heavier than I've only pulled that weight on a deadlift before. I've never like squatted that like on a machine and have that many plates. But I've never had a, I'd never probably then, I think I actually had, but just seeing all that weight on a barbell and the bend in the barbell and just knowing what's there. Yeah. It's like, wow. It's fucking go time. I was amped up. I was like, you know, it's totally psyched just to see this happen. So anyway, you have spotting, good spotting is an art form. Yeah. Yeah. Really, you know, you're part of it. And how much to push them and how they fail. So anyway, we have any more questions to pop up on the, Nope, none, none there today. Yeah, that's about all we had. And we're about an hour over an hour in. So this is probably a good place to wrap it up. I know you got to get out to the gym and get your work done. So, you know, train. Right now. And that case, guys, you know, as as a Dallas had mentioned, check out the b y o v b coach dot com for dot for Scott's book. Be your own bodybuilding coach. And of course, go to fortitude training dot net. Check out the training plan there. And we have a Patreon now. I started a Patreon sketch for Think Bigging. I know. I was as radio. So you guys can check that out. I'll put that down in the show note to anybody's interested in supporting what we're doing. And of course, go to our sponsor true nutrition dot com. Use our coded vices. Scott, as always, it is a pleasure, my friend. My question, man. Have a great work out. I will. Later, brother.