Just this is a good look. You woke up this morning perfect. There's wake up tomorrow looking like this. Is that maybe all a guy like Samson needs? He doesn't need to be ordered around to the ground. He can see himself as wife can go. He looked better last week. Maybe that's all he needs. Hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of It's Just Body Building. Your host Big Ron Parlo here. Dusty Han Shah. The producer Scott McNalley. Like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Ring the bell and remember I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your rights of surge. Get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. Dusty 20 big Ron 20 if you want to save money. Who doesn't want to save money? Who doesn't want to save money? Are you done? If you're not dumb, then use the code. Yeah. And you know why you need to save money. You know what? Ron, why do you need to save money? You can't. You can spill a coffee cup this size all over your brand new laptop and completely fry it and then you got to go buy a new laptop. Right. You don't want to need to spend another two grand on a new laptop. If you haven't saved 20% on a hundred dollar protein. Yeah. Basically that double paper itself. Yeah. Yeah. More or less. I'm still very bitter about yesterday guys. I bought a Macbook air probably like not quite two years ago. Went in, bought it. You know, got the best one. Of course. Spent the money. And I, here's my little quick little take for removing the main topic. They don't make things like the used to. I had an old Macbook. I had an old Macbook. And I spilled like full shakers of water on it. All the time. Green times. Three times. And I just tip to upside down. Put a fan on it. Let it dry for a whole day. Fired right back up. All three times. The only exception was a third time the battery was fried. I had to get a new battery for 600 bucks. But you could remove the battery and put the new one in. Yeah. We've got the new Macbooks. Can't can't remove nothing can open them. It's just and it's totally fried like not even nothing like it's dead. So I'm going to take it in. When I get back, I leave for England in a few hours. I'm going to take it in. I'm going to get back. But let them tell me that it's over. Right. It's not over. Well, they need closure. You need closure. I've heard we're writing them open the back and look at the mats and go. Yeah. She had a good life. And then not really. She didn't make it two years old. Yeah. But that's what you say. It's like, you know, computers nowadays. It's basically garbage at this point, right? Yeah. You know, I buy a Mac. And then they, I get a message from from Apple. Telling me that I need to buy another Mac like two weeks later. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. But we got a new one. I had all my passwords. We're all like fingerprint. You know, it was just an easy life. I had to borrow Emily's laptop today. She didn't have Google Chrome. I had to don't get download Chrome. I had to do the whole thing. Oh. Okay. Goose. Who's wife is getting them ready for the Arnold boys. You know, they all said that there was going to be a big change in the coaching. But let's be honest, who was harder on you than your own wife? Oh, yeah. I mean, that's going to be a good play. I got a lot to say. I got a lot to say. Yeah. The, this is, uh, the, if you think back to Debbie Yates, Debbie Yates was kind of like, maybe the original uncredited wife guru. You know what I mean? There are many times where Dorian said the only person that really knew what he looked like was his wife and sometimes his carer practic. Right? Just a different age. He wasn't, you know, posted everywhere. And then when guys had the gym didn't even see him all the time. Yeah. Right. And then we got hauling said telling us that, you know, his wife's kind of, this is him and his wife for this show. And then Samson and Milo's part ways. And now it's Samson and his wife. So is this a British bodybuilding thing? Is it a Milo's thing? Does Milo send them to their wives? Hmm. Hmm. Makes you wonder what this Jamie. Um, free. Yeah. Yeah. Great. I don't know what's going on. What do you think? Well, the first thing that I wanted to cover is now all of your years of hard work to become an Olympia coach or out the window. She didn't have a weekend. Oh, you had to do it. Yeah. It was Mary a good bodybuilder. I got this. Yeah. And if you move up one placing, she's the best guru on the planet. Yeah. Just like that. Just like that. Because one placing is pretty high at that point. Better than you ever done. Those are, yeah. Yeah. I might have to call his wife for Nicky after this. I mean, yeah. It's not too late to call her now. There's the. There's what it comes down to. I, this is what I think. There's a lot of different types of gurus. You know what I mean? The whole guru where it's like, first of all kind of a joke. We're that we use, right? Yeah. You know. But there's all these different types of gurus that kind of maintain all these different levels of control over their athletes. Yeah. You know, some guys are spreadsheets. Your insulin's at 10.05. Your next meal that 10.25. And then you take vitamin B at 11.06. And then you take a this and that like there's gurus out there that that's that's how it works. And then there's gurus that are like. See what your pictures look like Saturday and they just. I feel like this is a girl's name. You're looking at little flat. You're looking a little flat. Or, you know, the old. Which of your supplements do you know a real? Yeah. Let's just take more of those. Just take more of those. Don't worry about the rest. Don't worry about the rest. Do you think that we'll start seeing pictures of Samsung hit and shots with her in the background? You know. Right. Right. If she's a true guru, she has. Well, hey, she might just be the one picking them right. It might just be so old to go that she's just taking the shots. You know, maybe occasionally she drops one of these in front of the lens like just to show that she's there. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Make sure the people know. You got to get your credits to get more clients. And it makes you wonder, it makes you wonder like at that level does a guy need to be told to eat a meal at six p.m. Instead of six 30 p.m. Or does he just need to be told, this is a good look. Keep this going. Yeah. Like just this is a good look. You woke up this morning. Perfect. It's wake up tomorrow looking like this. Is that maybe all a guy like Samsung needs? He doesn't. He doesn't need to be ordered around to the ground. He can see himself as wife can go. He looked better last week. Maybe that's all they need. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, all kidding aside, I think that that's where you really run into at some point is a lot of times people over complicate things at the higher level. You know, I mean, think about it. You work with a bunch of local guys and then all of a sudden the Mr. Olympio calls up and wants you to bring him in. I think people start doing weird shit because they feel like they need to to like make it make their mark with something like that. Win in reality, I look at coaching top guys like being a fourth line NHL player like your job is just not lose the game. You don't need to win it. Yeah. Right. Just don't mess it up. You'll be fine. I mean, right. You're on a team with Connor McDavid. You're like, just don't get the Poxythe other team or we're fine. Yeah. You just need one minute to breathe. Then you can let him go in the game again. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Scott, what's your take on that? Levels of guruing. Yeah. I'll be interested to see what happens. And I can just say out of my own experience that the guys who are super elite, that they are they're easier to coach, they're harder to mess up. But then also at that level. Like I was just looking at some of the cell phone footage I took from the Arnold Ohio. And I remember thinking to myself, while I was watching that, oh, this is definitely hotty. Like I see how do you beating Samson. And I feel like I was even kind of critical of Samson because I saw those differences. I'm watching that footage back and I'm like, Jesus, these guys are both amazing. Like the differences between first and second place are so small. So those tiny nuances, you know, I think it's easy to make Samson look great. But to get him to look his ultimate best consistently, I don't know. We'll see. We'll see what happens. But here's what I think. One thing is for sure. Samson seems confident with this idea. So that means he's going to go into it relaxed, right? And if he can go into this relaxed, it's his wife. Who else in the world supports you more than your significant other? You know what I mean? So I think he's going to go into this feeling really confident in relaxed. He's going to be on home turf now being in the UK. I think this could go, I mean, obviously could go really good for him. But with this whole set up, I think I just sense low stress. That's what I get out of this. Yeah. What did he actually say? I know he did a couple of videos. Like I kind of got lost and there was a few videos he put out about it. What was his final word about him and me, Rose Parting? Just, you know, we did our best. It's time to move on. I didn't see the most recent video. I saw, I watched a couple reviews of it though. And that was basically the deal that he wasn't sure where he's going to go to next for coaching, but at least for right now, he was going to lean into his wife helping him. And yeah, she's helped him in the past and that they've been a really team together. He's did their he helped him for like two shows, two of his previous shows or whatever. So, yeah, I think it would be very hard to come into a top coach in, you know, what nine days, 12 days, whatever it was. Like if he called me and so that I wanted to get me ready for the next Arnold, 12 days later, I'm like, I feel like I could only go bad for me. Like, yeah, I don't have any data on how you got from your start point to the show for sure. I don't even have visual data on did anything go wrong. I mean, I think that's one thing, you know, I don't know, like you said, because I haven't seen why they're parting ways. But I feel like, Holly was not beatable. I don't think he missed. Yeah. I thought he looked the best he'd ever looked. It sounded like he thought it was the best he ever looked. So, you know, I wouldn't want to touch that because I feel like as a coach the only way I can go is down. Right. That said, though, if there was a guy making it do it, then cool. And so it's like, it does make sense. I'm saying, just stick with your wife. She does have all that data. And let's also keep in mind, she's not coaching him. She's helping him do this. Like, it's not like she's making all of the decisions. Ron wants me to look at that bike for something. Um, look, look at my bike right now. So I think it's a good fit as long as they can, you know, just execute because this is what you run into with all clients, right? Is, is, can you stay stress free and just execute the plan? So we'll see. I'm excited to see. And I think I might actually go to this show this time. So who knows? Let's wear the gym. You never know. I might. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It might just be a matter of her saying, listen, you looked a better. You looked better a week out. Like, all this stuff we did like you look better a week out us taking pictures every morning. And then she's she's just going to say, yes, that's it or no, that's not it yet. Yeah. Like, you know, who she might that might just be it. And he's just going to tweak things until she goes, there it is. Do you remember Mark Dougdoh did that for the Olympia one year? They did a crap load. Sorry, just couldn't be a little careful. You're so good with this dusty. You're like a pro. And I dropped one earlier, but anyways, so he was just eating and eating and then he would pose in his wife Christina was like, no, not yet. And just kept going and then she was like, yeah, I think that's it. And then he annihilated. It was the best he ever looked. Now I like that kind of loading if you haven't done it before because they were guessing. And they never got it again. But in that attempt, that was exactly what she was doing wrong was just going. Now, a little more. Yeah. That's my screen. Yeah. That's no no. Yeah. You're not there. Two more red finds. There we go. Two more red finds. So sometimes that like that just take all the noise and the numbers completely remove them and just go, yeah, that's the look that I was seeing that morning that you looked amazing. That's it right there. And that's all you need. Just to know that that's okay. That's the look that we were looking for was Tuesday morning a week out. And I'll just move that to Saturday. You know what I mean? So it could just be that simple. You know, oh, never know. Maybe she's got spreadsheets on the fridge. Could be that could be she's just a couple of rare claws. Little, little Ron part low ask. She's maybe she's like, you need three different lengths of insulin. Yeah. How amazing would that be next thing you know? It's like most intricate. What did you try to say? I've ever seen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then five more later. I took off. Then plus there's something about it, but something about them being British. Like it just like takes me back to like how simple the prep could be. You know, I just say a Dorian, right? Like no, no one's on. Yeah. No, no, no, no post no pictures posted anywhere. Like two people in the whole world knew they look like. You know what I mean? I mean, the week he didn't even send pictures to the leaders half the time. They're paying his pain is contract even though he looked like most of the time. They had to hound him that send out one set that went viral, you know, that one set. They published that were crazy. Once his jokes bones started coming through the skin, they're like, it's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'll take a look. I hope that it's slaves just because that would be great story. I know. I'll only nail that would be awesome. All the coaches are going to have to compete with AI. And wives. I'll tell you guys you guys give me a post off though. Never mind. Seeing that video, he pulled out when he was saying, hey, I'm going to the hospital. Andrew and I did a little reaction to that by the way. And I know that guy saw that. Thanks for your comments and everything seeing that video though. I'll be honest, I hadn't like knowing a lot about Samsung as a human being, as a person. I've known him as a guy on stage. And I've heard so many people tell me about the great interactions they've had with him. And people over the weekend too were saying, like, oh, man, he made sure to sign everybody's stuff. He took his time. He talked to everyone after seeing that video. I'm like a super fan of Samsung now, seeing the way that he reacted, seeing the way that he felt and just seeing his passion for bodybuilding. Because I could, you know, he kind of went off about how there were some people who were talking negatively about him. And I didn't see any of that stuff. But he was like, man, this isn't what I signed up for. Like this isn't what bodybuilding is about to me. He's like, and if this, and of course, he was in a real downspotted the time. But just listening to that, I was like, yeah, man, I know exactly where he's coming from. Like, he loves the sport. He absolutely loves the sport. And it turns out he's really good at it too. I could. Yeah. I can't say that I, you know, I've never been a bigger fan of and more excited about somebody going into this next Arnold. No. Yeah, it's going to be a great show. I can't wait to get there. I leave today at 7 p.m. And it's going to be another great trip to England. So I'm excited. I'm excited to take you by the way for a stage appearance. I don't know if you saw that. No, they, yeah, they, they were like, hey, we need some people to speak on the stage at the show. And I was like, run and I'll do it. What? Yeah, you're in. What are you guys doing? You know how they do like to interview us at the expo. Okay. And I was like, wrongs asleep. He's not able to answer. So I'll take care of this. So there we go. Oh, okay. Just jump right in. Oh, that's so cool. Throw my action out in there. It's fine that I get to answer for Ron. We're on that husband wife level, not sure which which, but whatever. I guess I'm, I guess I'm giving it, I guess I'm speaking at the Arnold. Listen, anybody who is watching this, if you guys are there, shoot video, send it to me. Because I want to see the stuff and share with everybody else. Well, I was kind of hoping for like, and it's just bodybuilding two thirds moment. You know, because they said they were doing like a couple people or one on one. I was like, we're in. Yeah, yeah. She's not awake to defend himself. Oh, no. You know, who's doing the interviewing? Don't know. I was thinking about that. Jamie. Um, which over the whole thing. Well, I guess you know, you know, did it a couple times. Remember back when you got like awesome. It was, you know, well, I made the and he just went at people. But remember he had Phil Heath on and he made Phil take a shirt off and he kind of caved and took a shirt off. And then Dino starts calling poses front double by a step. Phil's like, Phil's like off season. Not even he's like, so you can't like not though. Do you know, does it get everybody? I do know what I mean. I know for now. Seven weeks out from a show. I'm in the gym like covered up and he's like, let me take a peek. So I like show him a little of the court. He just come here and he calls the entire gym over. Yes. There's people. I'm like, oh, we're doing this. We've got a legend in the gym. Yeah, he used that word really loosely with people like me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited for it. It'll be good. Okay. Well, I guess I'm speaking. No, there you go. I'll do that. We'll do that. We'll do that. Do we have, do we have some cues? We get some questions, don't we? Yes, we have a bunch of stuff including one from Patreon. So the question is, has anyone ever said something to you during your bodybuilding career that lived rent free in your brain for way too long? Like a judge or coach or a training partner? I would, there's, I think I'm pretty good at not having people live rent free in my head. I'm pretty good at that. But I do remember two things that judges said to me that I was like, really? And then I never forgot them. So like maybe they didn't live in my head, but I never forgot them. The one was, I was like my seven, three eighth nationals and I'd been second to bunch of times, right? And I saw one of the judges backstage after the morning show. And I was very happy with how I looked. I thought I had a great chance at winning. I had guys coming up to me backstage going, this is your year. You look crazy. This is the best you've looked. That sort of thing. I had people saying that to me. So I was very confident. I was like, okay, it's going to be a great show. And I honestly thought I had prejudging. They put me in the middle for a while, they moved me out, they moved me back. So I was like, I think I got prejudging. Like I was pretty confident. And I walked past this one judge and he goes, hey, you look amazing today. And I go, thanks, it goes, just not quite enough. I walked away. And I was like, good enough, Ron. And I was like, oh, so is that just him talking? Like, is that just his score sheet, right? Like, that's only one judge, right? So there's seven judges. So I'm still like shit. But I got second that night by one point. Do his client. And no, no, no. No, wasn't. But I got second that night. And I just remember like, I remember thinking that judge was such an unprofessional idiot for saying that to me. Like I was really, I wasn't mad at him for putting me second. I wasn't mad that I lost. I was mad that he like ruined my, like he said that to me. Like you don't say that to a competitor at that level after the morning show. Like, yeah. Like what are you doing? Like who the hell do you think you are? You're, you don't even know the other scores. You just know your score. Like why would you do that? I can't imagine a judge at that level thinking that it's okay, especially like it's one thing that guy was like 15th and, you know, he says, oh man, I'm just glad to be here. And you go, yeah, man, you just need to improve. You know, that's different. But like I'd been in front of this guy six times at that point. And he knew what was going on. He knew what it's like, you know, you're there to turn pro and it's very competitive. And I just couldn't believe he said that to me. I just said, you're such a dick, like you're such not even a dick. You're in, you're in, you're an idiot. You're an idiot because because, you're already dead. Yeah, yeah, you just don't. You don't say that to someone at that level. Like I can't imagine doing that. And I just, I thought that, I, I never, I lost your specter that guy. I never respected him again as a judge. I always told people that guys fucking moron. I told, I said that all the time. And then eventually he disappeared. Okay, I was going to ask what happened to him. Yeah, you can't say that. Don't say what happened, Ron, just to decide. And then, and then there's one more thing. Sorry, I was going to keep it safe. This is going out publicly. Don't worry, buddy. He's taking care of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's not around anymore. There was one more thing. I remember I, I'd done like 10 national at this point because I did way too many. I did 13. And I think it was like near the end. And I'd already won my class and I'd been really close to turn in pro a couple of times. And it was starting to get to me, you know. And I went to another show. It was like a national figure show or something. And the same judges were there, right? This is the old, old school judges. And the head judges like, oh, hey, Ron, good to see you. And I'm like, good. Yeah, hey, good to see you too. And she goes, oh, yeah, you know, you had a really tough second that your last show there. That was very close. And there's had a couple that were one point, right? So I was like, yeah, that was tough one. And she's like, but you know what? We're so happy to see you back. We never want you to leave. You're just, it's so great to have you in that class. I mean, you, you just, you just, you just embody the super heavies. And we just we never want you to leave. You just want to leave that. And I just remember thinking like, didn't know what you sounded like, a absolute moron right now. Like, I just, I think you're an idiot. Like, you don't know what I mean? I just, again, again, this is a greatest question ever. I love this. I'm going to do. We do. I thought it was good to be. I don't dare anymore. This people would know awareness of who they're talking to or what they're saying or what's coming out of their mouth. It just, I don't know. I just, people. Gronsor, gronsor, grons, that's funny because like Ron is still heated about his. But I'm thankful for the two occasions. Okay. And one was prior to my actual bodybuilding, but I was training. And I was trying to get big, you know. And my wife at the time and I, we went to Vegas to see her grandparents. And I hadn't seen him in a while. And I had also kind of been busy. Maybe I wasn't eating quite as much some supposed to. And I walked in the door and grandma looked at me. I was like, oh my God, did you get sick? He looks so small. I mean, I was like on the streets of Vegas looking for test. I was eating everything in sight that day. I mean, you want to tell us something that stuck with me? Because the thing is, is grandparents are like children. They don't lie. She wasn't being mean. I just know terrible, small and sick. And it all just came out as soon as I opened the door. So yeah, that was the first one. And it's funny, but I actually just told a friend about that yesterday. The coincidentally, because I literally, I don't think it ever missed a meal after that. That was a painful one. You know, you ever get like sick. And I'm like this food has to go back down. Grandma's going to abuse me. So there was that one. But then during my career, the only thing, you didn't live rent free, but definitely changed my view of importance of something was, I can't remember the year. It's been too many years. But I want to say 13 USA's, one of the judges after pre-judging, looked me dead in the face and said, your tan cost you. And that one hurt. Because you do everything. And you nail it. And he was like, yeah, your tan cost you. I know what you look like, but we can't see it. Mm. And it was bad. And so yeah, that's what this is my little mother-of-look with son-raise, everyone. Because after that, I literally used liquid son-raise for everything. And my tan was always perfect. And it was, it was, I look like muddy on stage. And I was always disciplined. I got tan before the show, my skin itself, did all the things, did the skin, perhaps, all that. But yeah, the bad tan. And he didn't say I was going to win or anything, but he did say it cost me. And that's just one of those deals where, you know, if you do a prep, and you put all the work and you're like, wow, the one thing. It'd be like somebody saying, yeah, your suit cost you. Like you made a bad choice. Yeah. Yeah. Domest thing there is after all your work. So that was a brutal one that I remind clients, now all the time, I'm like, let me see your tan. Let me see your tan. Because very often at the local level, they don't put enough on them. I'm like, give the guy more money, get a darker. We're not done. Right. I can very much relate to that. My first show the 97 northern. I won the heavy weights. And then I didn't win the overall. And everyone was like, how did you not win that? Because it's a little middleweight one. And like a bunch of people in the crowd were like, that, you should have won that. I was like a 230 pound heavy weight. It like a regional show. And so I went to the judges and I was like, hey, like real happy with everything. I was happy because I had no idea what was going to happen. Like I thought there might be 20 heavy weights show up. Right. So I was happy I won the heavies. But yeah. I was just like, hey, what do I got to do doing the overall? And the judges looked right at me, goes, oh yeah, you're tan. We couldn't give it to your way too light. That guy had great color. So everything showed like, you're way bigger than him. But you just didn't have enough tan on thing. And so I was obsessed. So for like the rest of my career, I was obsessed. I put on like eight bottles of protein every show and just like, be in it and just like, and then the sprays came out and everything. And we were all good to go. But yeah, I was that that sucked. I remember thinking like, oh, God. You know, I thought I was very good enough. Right. Yeah, it wasn't either. I always tell my clients, you should look ridiculous in person. If it's like stupid. If it's like, I thought I did. Like I looked. I looked enough. You know, like backstage. I looked the same color as everyone. But you know, you learn those lessons about how when you're really white. And you get under the the bright light. You need more tan backstage. Everyone looks the same color. But on the stage, it's not like that. You know, you got to be dark. So I'll buy no comes through. Yeah. Um. I just thought of a good. I got thought of a good follow-up question. So I'm going to say if that was a boy about taning. Um, I can think of one was my first contest. And I I wasn't that position where it's like I didn't really know a ton about what I was doing. It's the first time I've ever done this. I'm just happy to be there kind of thing. And then I took second place in middleweight, out of like six or seven guys. My mind was freaking blowing that I could actually beat not only one person, but several people in my class, you know. And then I could actually get all the way up to the point where there was only one guy to beat me. And I thought in my opinion he looked really good, right? So I made a post after that on Facebook because this is we're all using Facebook. Then it's like early days of Facebook. And I was like, you know, I did my first bodybuilding show and here's the pictures. And I posted up pictures of the other guys. And I said I missed, uh, I I almost won. I I uh, what only one guy beat me. Like it like basically saying like I could almost won this thing. It blows my mind. And the guy who won the overall, you turned out to be like a real dick. All right. He messages me and he goes, you didn't almost win. That guy was so much better than you. He annihilated you. He looked better because of this and because of that. And because of the like he he thought maybe the way he read it. Like I was saying like, you know, it was a close battle. And I should have beat this guy kind of, you know, I don't know if he read it that way. But he just he just dressed me down as they would say. And I was like, oh, and I tried to be like, oh, man, I'm writing back to him. I like I didn't mean it like that and I'm about, you know, and all of this. And then guess what, the scorecards come out. And back then you would actually see the actual scores guess what I missed first place by one point Dan. One point Dan. Dan. Yeah, Dan versus name Dan Snack. I can't remember his last name. Or I call him out. I call him out right now. I can look him up on Facebook. Right. Just a block. That's funny man. Share them up. So you didn't even know was one point. No, you didn't even know. Wow. You was happy to be in second, but the guy decided to do a Nile and for nothing. There. Yeah. So that was point Dan. And I was like, man, I like it really bothered me. It left a bad taste in my mouth about competing because like I just was having fun. You know what I mean? So it was cool though. So here's my follow up question. I want to hear. So like, but we're in the bodybuilding world, right? And you put your tan on. Everybody around you is tan. It's a normal practice. Let me tell you something. You go out into the public and you've got that tan on. That's a completely different story. Do you guys have any stories of being out in the real world with your contest tan on and have anybody? Because I can think of a couple of funny times. People looking at you weird or just wondering what the heck you're doing. Like, maybe they don't realize. I think I just don't what he did. He put on too much spray tan. I used to. I had a line that I said a couple times and it got a laugh because sometimes I think we assume that people kind of know what you did. Like, cause, you know, it's different if maybe maybe for someone who doesn't look as as obviously a bodybuilder, like maybe a figure competitor wearing her sweat suit. Yeah. People might just think that curls got this goocalover. But obviously, we're like 270 pounds with vans in your arms and you're standing in safe way. People put together that your bodybuilder most of the time. And I had this joke where people, you know, if I saw them kind of looking at, you know, the week after the show your hands are kind of all spotting and watching and it's wearing off your elbows. So I would try to stay covered mostly. But maybe once maybe you got a great pump. So you go into the grocery store with the sleeves out, right? And, and, and, and, I noticed somebody like kind of staring at my hand or the teller maybe kind of looking at you. And I would crack a joke and say, oh, it's okay. I just have a horrible skin disease. And I said it a couple times and I got like a laugh. Like I remember one time I said it to the cashier and she laughed. And she goes, oh, did you just do a bodybuilding show and I said, yeah. So like I sort of got a little bit comfortable with that joke. Yeah. One time I said, I don't where I just have a horrible skin disease. And the the the dread like the teller became paralyzed with fear. Like she completely shut down. She actually went like this and she just started like moving my items very like. And I realized, oh, she just like she's not even talking to me now. Like it's she's just beep beep beep beep. You guys, she falls immediately, which it's usually not contagious on food items. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Tipper. Yeah. This little thing's like that. You know, you got to have a bit of fun with it, but sometimes it backfires and you just sound like an idiot. Yeah. I'm not afraid of those moments. So if you have a notice, I don't think that backfire at all. Your story isn't that funny and tell you get to that moment. Yeah. That takes off. Yeah. And then I was like, do I keep explaining or do I just let it hang there? You know, it's just thank her and shake her hand. Yeah. Thank you very much. Please. Yeah. Yeah. Why be your elbow across the counter and then walk out. Yeah. Yeah. That's going to help. Yes. You know, it's a lot more or less named the only way it goes, which is just the visual. Have you ever had? Here's a question for you. I sort of thought of it with Scott's question, but have you ever had someone come up to you and say, hey, you know, you know, you're, you know, so and so told me you were a terrible person, but you know, you're a good guy. You know, that old joke. But have you ever had that happen to you? Not real, like real life. No. I had it happen once. I'm not going to say his name, but he's, he's still known. And he said to me once, like, about a year after we competed together, I was talking to him at another show. And we're just chatting away. And then he's like, hey, man, you know, you're, you're, you're good dude. I, I, I heard you were good dude, but, you know, my last coach, he, he told me all this stuff about you and like, when week, when we competed against each other, I hated you. I thought you were just like, I thought you were this other person. And he had told me all this stuff. And I think he just told me to like motivate me to try to beat you, but like, like, it was like this and this. And he just told me all this stuff his old coach said about me. And I was like, wow, like, just crazy. Like I'd hardly even known his old coach. Like we'd spoken like 10 words. Yeah. He lived on the other side of the country. Like we didn't even know the same people. And this guy told him like, yeah, Ron, like this and that and blah, blah, blah, and told him like, me just made shit up. And I was like, oh, he must've been trying to like psychologically rocky you to hate me. Yeah. You know, that's so weird. But then like, then that coach, like, left and didn't like correct it or anything. Just left it and like, the guy just thought that until he got to know me. It was funny. He just also got on now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of people disappeared. And he ended up. Canada is cold. Lot's of different land people are living and not a lot of peers. They have a river. Lot of lakes. Yeah. You know, mountains. They have all the terrains, really. Technically probably the easiest country in the world. You get really somebody. Yeah. No, for someone to get lost. Yeah. Just remember, don't pull a Craig Titus. Fire draws people. Yeah. I just thought I remember afterwards that like, I was like, wow. What else is like, you know what I mean? Because it doesn't hurt you. What other people say about you to other people is not on my mind. Like, I don't think about what other people say to other people about me. I just too removed to even give a remote care about, you know. But so that was just funny to me that he said that. He said, I was funny. He just doesn't work in bodybuilding. Yeah. Like it's a weird thing. I could get it. Like you're going to go head or if you're fighting or like, and they're like in football, you do it yourself. You yell you guy cross the line like I'm bangin' your sister after the game buddy. I'm bangin' her and you try to. Oh, yeah. You try that. Yeah. Some of those you said in pictures. Anyways, yeah. Wait, two y'all. That's true. Anyway, you're 17. That's the. But yeah, that's, I would now fight this up. Anyways, but back to what we were talking about. Um. There's a tough time back then you had to bring a whole camera. Anyways. Yeah. Let's not make this weird lady. That's odd to me. There's parts of this getting edged. There's no question. Yeah. That's just what the pod will not understand the context. No, there's no context. Get this by as no idea who Mrs. Robinson is anyways. There we go. Oh, another derailed the show. Dustin, do you have any tanning stories? Any funny situations where you were tanned up and people didn't know what the hell was going on? Honestly, not much more than what Ron said because it's all for everyone. It's the same thing, which is when the tan starts to come off. Yeah. But I really do think for the most part, it's in the competitors head more than people looking like, I don't have to know. I don't have to know that, oh, that person had a fake tan on it's coming off. Even if it's too dark, it doesn't matter. And I think as a bodybuilder to be a mascot, you know this, but you reach a point where, and Ron, I think you could attest to this. When I first started getting big, I really noticed people looking at me. I had walking to a restaurant. I could feel like people look. Yeah. And then after you get for a long time, you don't even see it anymore. And so I wouldn't even notice if someone was looking at me funny about the tan or the fact that I dressed weird or whatever it would be, I just don't care anymore. I don't know if I got older just used to being big, but you know, you really do stop noticing. You guys will love this. We're, uh, side note here, but to show how much people think other people are watching them. I'm getting on this small cable machine today. And this guy is across from, they go, sorry for the view. And I said, you're like, I need to exist. Yeah. I go, what, what view? He goes, what we're doing this machine right here. And his wife goes, well, I'm not sorry. You're welcome. And I'm like, what are we talking about? They're like, they're doing a lying leg curl. I'm like, I, what? No one's looking at it. Maybe there was an invite involved there. Like, there was a little bit of a dusty place. I just think that's a squimmer engagement. If there were a swinging, and then I'm going to need his wife to stop with the granny panes. It drives me crazy under tights. Maybe strong or nothing. Suck it on. Have rules. Hey, there was really a bit of a way. Basically the latest CDC release. They said that this summer, you don't have to wear panes with your sun dress. This is all I did. I saw that last summer. Anyways. I, I get it, it's directly my email. Okay. Important. Latest CDC. I had one where I literally stopped the entire grocery store. No, it was a small grocery store. And it was like, I think I had a hand. I think it, I can't remember what it was. But I must have been competing from the house. And he went up your pants. No, no, no, no. And I wasn't wearing a sun dress either. But I, I, I had my team. I went into the grocery store. And it's like the little local grocery store, food land. And I thought it's going to be no big deal. I think I was wearing like one of the, like a sleeveless t-shirt like Roddenware's to the ex-bos. And I swear to God that every person at every till stopped what they were doing. Every person in the line stopped what they were doing. You could hear a silence fall over the grocery store. As they all turned and looked at. Yeah. Yeah. Not even a whisper. Yeah. That's right. You're in the rainy season. The skin disease line. I got a skin disease. It's just a good idea. It's just a front line. There's no waiting for the skin disease. No, I had the full on tan. I think they just thought like I didn't know like I did, you know, made a mistake. Well, that's black face. That's why. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. You're going to get it. Yeah. That's troublesome where you're from. Yeah. Yeah. The tanning stuff isn't a big deal anymore to me. Because I did tanning back in the 90s when it was really weird. So now like, like, you know, I had those weird engagements back then when it was like, What is? Like people had never even seen it before. Like you were the first person they ever saw. But now it's a little bit more, you know, people sort of get it. I think. Yeah. My grandma competes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. We had a few more. What about this one now? Jeremy posted this up in the think big Facebook group today. And I said, hey, this would be a good one to bring to the guy I see what they have to say. He says, what is your strategy around illness during a bulk? Not normally a sick person, but caught some type of a bug the last few days. Couldn't eat the first day chicken and rice weren't palatable the next two. Stuck to oatmeal eggs, egg whites and protein shakes. Made it outside for a walk to get some fresh air and to raise the heart rate. Do you guys train when you're sick or just keep the muscles active with a pump? Or do you not do any type of workout and cardio? Or do you just lay in bed and sleep to recover ASAP? Do you consume whatever calories you can get in with in reason to prevent rapid weight loss? Water fast? He says question mark. We'll love to hear what you guys think on this comment, but not talked about topic. That was a lot of information. Way more thought than I ever put in the being sick. I was having a sick day. Let me tell you, this is, hey, it's a fair question to it's fair question. But I think this is indicative of what we see with a lot of people. Just overthinking everything, like overthinking everything. Just crazily. If I'm a little bit sick from the neck up, I take some a fedron and I go train. If I'm sick from the neck down, like any sort of achiness or any of that, like, you know what I mean? Where the body, like a, you know when you feel like a Orthodox owner. Yeah, fever and anything like that, then I don't go to the gym at all. And I just rest. And as far as food, the most thought I would have ever put into it is, I need some calories. Maybe I should have some pizza if I have an eating all day or maybe I should make whatever I can eat or I'll put this meal together and I'll have some toast with it. And I'll like, if it wasn't like, there was no thinking of that sort of thing. It's what can I eat? Have I eaten? How am I like, do I need calories? I think the number one thing I would think of is just push and water through your body. Just trying to like hydrate and take your vitamins and, you know what I mean? Never put much thought into any of that other stuff. It's just, oh, I can't train today. So I'm just going to get some sleep and stay home. And then you just flip a switch and make it the bright side. Go like, oh, well, it's a movie day. We're going to watch a movie today and say to train, get a movie in. You know, or something like that, you just move on. Yeah, I think what happens is, and this is in all directions. People over estimate what can happen in a couple of days. And underestimate what happens in a year. Like, I don't care about a few days being sick. I wouldn't even, I tell my clients if they're in the office, and get better. That's it. I don't care what you eat. I don't care if you don't eat. I do say hydrate. You know that when around like the hydration is key. I do not keep you watching what you're attempting to do anything. I don't, you need your heart rate up. If you want to sit outside because you want fresh air, fine. But like, yeah, nothing about for a muscle. It's all about getting, you know, what's the quickest way to get better? Yeah. You know, and the moment that you can eat a pizza or you can have a cheeseburger, good news. We're getting close to better because you won't want to eat those either when you're really sick. So don't overthink that at all. It's, you know, it's very important to understand what actually takes place to lose size. Or to gain fat. You know, I had a client today sent us check in. And he's up a pound and a half and last week and his diet was perfect. So I'm like, we understand that gaining fat on a perfect week is impossible. Yeah. We're, you know, you're going to deficit. So same thing like you, you're going to lose some weight. You did not lose any muscle tissue when you were sick for four days. So don't worry about it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, just don't sweat the, don't sweat the small stuff. You know what I mean? And also keep in mind that even though you're sick, you're still recovering from your last workout. Yeah. Like, you know, you still got that going on. It's not like your bodybuilding has halted just because you're sick. You still did legs three days ago and then you did shoulders a day after that. And then you did arms yesterday. And now you're sick today. So you still growing just rest, you know, try to get some food in, you know? That's all. If I were to try to add anything to it, I'd go down that hydration road. You guys both noted. And I would say careful when you get back into the gym because I think it can take a little while to get that hydration back up. And yeah, a lot of times like after I've been sick, I get back in the gym. And I feel like I'm not quite as strong as I was before I got sick. And that's not like that I got weaker. It's probably that my hydration is a little bit off. So I always tell people to just think about that. And you're probably not going to try to set a PR, you know, the second you get back in the gym kind of feel things out. Yeah, you're still feeling good, you know, and then you get into it instead of doing four and a half plates on this machine. You maybe just do four plates on this machine and just crank out 15 and set a 12 or whatever. Just just get in and train, you know, I've people been really sick like, you know, where they're to wipe out for days and they lose 10 pounds and all that stuff. I tell them it'll take one round of each muscle group for you to really just fill back out. So your skill way to come back up, just do your thing, you know, no panicing, you know. Okay, then these are, we got a few here that are courtesy of Tommy Styles. Tommy gave us all questions when we were at the Arnold in case we needed to come up with some topics, which we didn't need, but we're going to use them now because the last week has been basically just an epilogue. So good, where do you step a log? I don't even know what epilogue, the definition of epilogue is what's, it was awesome either way. What's the definition of the word epilogue? Why not show it to definition is, but you know what it reminds me of? What's that? Do you used to be shows in like the 70s and 80s? It'd be like, do you remember this detective show the streets of San Francisco? Yes. Do you remember that show? And they would actually put like act one on the screen. Yeah. And then they come back from a commercial and they would say act two, right? And it would be like they're investigating the crime and then act three would be like when they solved the crime. And then they come back from a commercial and it would say epilogue. This is for you. I just read the actual definition. Yeah, yeah, what is it? It's got you slated. Did I? Did I? It's a sectioner speech at the end of a book or play that serves as a comment or conclusion to what has happened. I'm not telling you. I messed it up because I was going to say that our entire last week of podcasting was an epilogue of shows which would have been improper. It was a saga. It was a saga. It's a saga. It's really a clue. Anything. No, you never do. You know, there's no lesson. There's no moral lesson. Let's make sure that we ignore it at least one of time. I'm going to do the question. You got to do the time. Yeah. Easy to disappear in Canada. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Roll the clip. Yeah. Okay. So that's it guys. We need questions for the next show. And until then, we've got some stuff that Tommy gave us. These are killer. Thank you, Tommy. He says, how about this one? If you weren't a bodybuilder, bodybuilding coach, what would you be doing? Instead of coaching? Yes. And I guess it would go along with just bodybuilding in general. I'm thinking. Totally, all the things bodybuilding out. Yes. Pulling all things bodybuilding out. I would have probably have the time and the drive to run another business of some kind. I would probably look at having another business on the side. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I always looked at bodybuilding coaching as something I would eventually stop doing. Like, right. I just sort of always assumed that I would eventually eventually. I'd be like, okay, you know. I'm just going to step out of this arena at some point. But I don't know what I'd be doing if I wasn't coaching. I don't know if I don't think I'd want a judge. I don't think any of that stuff. You know, maybe promoting another show. I know we do the one show and I do it with a really good team of people. But yeah, there's nothing else in the bodybuilding bubble that really calls my name. I don't see myself moving into any other avenue of bodybuilding. Competing and coaching, those are the only two things that ever really interested me. I might the fantasy career for me would be doing commentating for hockey. That would be so much fun. No kidding. That's such a good thing. And I'm going to tell you, I'm a judgmental prick when I'm watching. Why I'm judgmental prick in general. But what I'm walking, watching hockey, I really am. They're crappy. I'm like, this guy sucks. He just writes, go lazy isn't the boards. But I'm talking about the commentary. I judge them. And I'm like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like this guy just ignoring a long about nothing that does it matter. Now there's been five possession changes. And he hasn't spoken of them because he thinks he's funny. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Focer, right. Focer, right. But yeah. That would be like the fantasy opportunity would be that. But truthfully, I would just, I would definitely just own another business. And especially down here. A lot of opportunity in the South for businesses that are pretty saturated in busy or places. So that's kind of exciting for sure. But I would definitely still be in some form. Everything goes back to passion for me. So it would be another thing I'm passionate about. And it doesn't necessarily have to equate to a ton of money. Because I'm not actually money motivated. I've covered this before. Like, I want to do things because I want to do them. And if they happen to make good money, that's great. But if they don't, I don't, if I love it enough, I don't care. Right. I don't, I have a pretty low key lifestyle, honestly, other than a couple toys. And those things, if I didn't have my wooden care, but then my motorcycle's trucks, I wouldn't care. It's fine. Right. The, yeah. So I have talked to Emily a few times. And I've thrown the idea around. I think I mentioned it to both you guys at some point. But I've, um, I've thought about like, I wonder what sort of music podcast I could do. I think I've thought about it. Because I watched music podcasts. Like I watch guys that have shows like ours. But they're music. And they have guests on, you know, they might do an episode where it's just them talking about guitars. And then the next episode, he's got the guitar player from Iron Maiden on. Yeah. And they're talking, and the guy just happens to be in town because they're doing some recording. And he stops by the studio and they do an interview. Of course, the guys got a million followers so he can get those type of people. Right. I'm just like, well, we do that with bodybuilding. We've had Jay color on. We've had the top guys on. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like that type of equivalent in the different industry. And I'm like, man, I would love. I would, and sometimes I watch interviews with musicians. And I'm like, oh, that was pretty good. But I would have done a, I could have done a way better job. I would have asked him way more interesting questions. Like, that happens to me all the time. I'm like, ah, what's left the interview that guy? You know, I feel like Ron should also review concerts. Because he'll tell me about going to a concert of a band. I don't care about. And then I want to go. Yeah, I don't know what I see that band. Like, who I don't know anything about them. But like, right. Because Ron is a, is a story. Like sometimes I want Ron to watch my life just so he can tell people that. That's what sounds cooler. No, worry. I tell people how interesting it is to hang out with you. See, and they think I'm cooler than I am because of the way he tells the story. Which is phenomenal. And they live and you're like, we're real let down. Yeah, that's not what Ron's story. So Ron is just a liar. And it's not like you're fun. Yeah. And now, no, I think I think you should do that anyway, so because it would be super interesting to see your takes. Because I do like, I enjoy following a lot of like things I don't know about. As long as someone's passion about it and they have great detail and stuff. It's like a good, a good storyteller. You know, like, I'll send Ron stuff on like the other day I say in that guitar collection. I just want to know like, is this as good as it looks to a guy who doesn't know anything. Right. And Ron is giving a brief review and I'm like, oh, sweet. That's, that's something that I think is it's, it's, you know, it's how you get your audience. And there's different levels of it. I mean, if you do it with body building podcasts, it's the same in music podcasts. There's all these different levels. There's certain guys where if you watch their interviews, their interviews are just by nature geared towards very deep people that are already that deep. Like they're talking, like you watch one guy and you might interview a famous musician and they're talking about like different scale modes of like structure of song writing. And the average music fan is like, I don't know what any of the stuff is. They're talking literally talking about music theory and it's nothing to do with. I wanted to, you know what I mean, but it's like it's intricate and the people that are into that are like, oh man, this is the best interview ever. Yeah, right. But but I sort of, I, I've watched a couple guys where I'm like, like, I'd be great at this because I'd be asking questions that like guys like us that are in like maybe, you know what I mean? Like be more like, hey, like like back in the 80s when you guys started and you're on the bus, you know, two girls a one time. And then there's no pop. What do you do when there's no cup, you know? And this like, you know what I mean? Like I think like it would be a different gear and I think like I would really enjoy watching the type of podcast that I would do. Yeah. And that space. So that would just be something that would interest me, but you know, thought about that. I would need a wrong to do that now. I'm, I'm, I'm, this is, this is happening now. Scott. Right. Yeah, I can show you how. I'll just sit in the background like the old episodes around. I'll do it for you. Yeah. I'm over here doing my check-ins around doing his podcast. All right, Ronald, you're next week. See, I love you. Yeah, you don't have to edit because I don't care. You just take pressure. Yeah. Yeah. But any one of them. That's great. Okay. Why I'm putting that up there. So that's the night. That's an artist. I've already approved it. You know what? I really enjoyed doing and I could see myself doing is dog training. Yes. Yeah. I, when I got my rot-wiler when I was younger, I put in a bunch of research into, first of all, what breed I wanted. And then I narrowed it down. I got a rot-wiler. And then I put in a bunch of research in how to train dogs. And I started reading about like the pack mentality in how wolves operate. And then how to operate. And then it just kept going to level deeper and a level deeper. And I found that I'm really good at training dogs. It's like it's just a natural thing that I'm good at doing in reading dogs too. I think have a lot of fun being a dog trainer, honestly. If it was nothing to do with bodybuilding at all. Yeah. I, I, I, I, I, I, I've talked to Emily a lot about our, our future. In fact, we just had a, every, every Sunday, Emily and I have a little, little business meeting. I love that. You know what I mean every Sunday, we just like how things go on, like what's new this week? Like that sort of thing kind of tried to cover that sort of stuff. And we were talking last night about like where we see ourselves in 10 years. And, you know, I would really like to see us in a position where she's not working as much. She can spend more time like volunteering with dog rescues. And we can get involved with that sort of thing. And maybe we're in a position where we can, you know, be helpful to them. And you know, maybe we can be part of the, you know, part of the funding or part of the helping them raise money and just like big being active and taking part with that sort of thing. And that's something that we really are interested in in the future. You know, regardless of whether they're, you know, there's no, I don't think anyone gets rich off rescuing dogs, right? It's just something that you lose or passion for. Yeah, you lose everything. Yeah, but there's just like it's something that we, you know, like, What do you want to do with your time when you get a little older and you have a little more extra time? You know, when you cut back on your work and, you know, I'm, that sort of thing. So, but there's just the dog rescue thing is very attractive to us because it seems like it would be very rewarding. That's the word I was thinking of rewarding. I'm sure that would be. Yeah. Can we finish this on a bodybuilding tip, guys? So, God, one more time. All right. So, what is, and we're going to go time, you style time. We style this kind of a dark guy sometimes. You've ever seen him train. Great for questions. He is. Great questions. Here's a dark one. What is your death row training session? And what is your death row meal following that session? Woo. Okay. Quite. You guys notice it got really good. I don't really feel like, I don't really feel like training right now. Well, yeah. So, so here's the thing though. If I would like to die in the same hour, I don't really work out. I just want to like watch a great movie or something. Can I hear if I don't have a camera? Can I get some more hours? Can I take it? I'm thinking, okay, how am I being executed? It's important. I need to know. Maybe next. You're going to do, you're going to fire in this wall. You're doing fire in this wall. You're doing fire in this wall. You're doing fire in this wall. Okay. I want. Okay. I just, I'm doing chest alarms. I'm getting a great pump. And I'm going to go out looking good in a front double. Yeah. Max pump. Big, big pecking arm pump. That's it. I'm not going to be like, oh, I need to dig deep on a leg. We're going to cut one more time. No, I don't. Chest alarms. Crazy pump. You know? Yeah, I want to look. I want to look great. If they got to do leafland Jackson, they don't even need the band. They're just going straight. There's so many veins. Yeah. Help me clean her. I just say I put it anywhere. You even matter. You need to look. I got sick pump. I'm digging you on. I'm digging a Sam's soul. I'm looking real like actually this is sick. This is sick. Okay. I'm ready to go. No. Let's see. That's very valid. I think. Well, I'm definitely not doing calves because I haven't done the rest of my life. I've started now. No, I would want to be transported because I would need to recreate a a denows workout with Ron. And just like my wedding, I wouldn't tell Ron that they were about to put me down. We would just meet for a workout. Oh, right. I have a nasty one. And then as we leave, you know, kind of what I did to Tommy when I moved. I'd say, hey, I'm going to die at some point and you go, oh, when? I've been like in two hours. Today. Yeah. Yeah. You know, leave it out like that. And, you know, I would have of course my go to, which would just be a nice fillet or a, you know, something of that level with some craft dinner. It's good to go. It's all I need. I think in math. That's what he's having for sure. So I'm going out with steak and Matt on a square plate, obviously. Yeah. Yeah. I know, it would be the last meal would be like, you know, I'd have some, I'd have a bit of pizza and I'd have some steak and fries and I'd have some ice cream. Yeah. It's going to be a little better. Yeah. A little bit everything. Yeah. No, say that. What sandwich would you pick? Yeah. Yeah. You all have sandwiches. You're going to start to Jersey Mike's lunch. I'm just going to die hungry. You got to get this apart. You got to get this apart. The way he's done, but definitely sandwiches with mayonnaise. Yeah. You're going to get this apart. Yeah. You're going to get this apart. Yeah. You're going to get this apart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Wow. That's just terrible. Yeah. Is that it? Is that it? That's it. We're going to let Tommy have to hook after that one. Yeah. So that was good. And you guys are going to see him shortly because he's going to be at the mutant booth. And he was going out there anyway. You started telling me about that a little bit. Dusty when we were driving over to train. He's going to be in the UK anyway. Yeah. He's going to tomorrow. And then he is going to come and hang out with us. Worked to booth. Hell yeah. He's going to get the full experience. And I'm just nervous that Tommy may not go home. Because you, K. Bodybuilding is literally made for him. Yeah. I think it's very good that his dog will be at home because it will force him to go back home. Because if not, I don't know that might just be the end. It just leaves it. I mean, it's a client or online. He don't care. Right. So how did I not, how did I miss all this? How did I not know Tommy was coming to the UK? Because I don't tell you anything. I just do things. And I tell you like before. Yeah. Yeah. No, he messaged me. He said, hey, I'm going to be in the UK. Do you think mutant would want me to work the booth? And so I reached out to George and George was like, of course. And Tommy, this is, you know, note for those who actually want to get in the game. He said he didn't need to, he didn't even need his room covered. He's like, I just want to work the booth to show that I can bring value. Of course, that's not happening. And mutants doing their thing. But I do think people need to see that. Is that is how he made it in life in the body of the world, in the coaching world, and everything he's done. And it's continued on. And so I think that's an important thing for people to realize because I get people all the time that we'll ask. Oh, how can I help? And you're like, oh, well, we're doing this in its socks. And they're like, oh, yeah, I just wanted to like train with you guys. You know, right? So, you know, it is important that people do know that side of it. Because that, you know, he essentially created an opportunity to showcase what he can do by asking. You know, that's, yeah. I saw a great video the other day. It was a guy giving a speech on like business. And he said, I'll tell you about my first account. They paid me. I can't remember exactly what he did. It was unimportant. He said, they paid me $4,000 to the contracted me. They paid me $4,000 to do this project for them. And it cost me $4,800 to do the project. Right. Now, what would you think if I presented you with that opportunity? Most people would be like, that's a terrible business idea. But this was my first main major project with a giant company that was given me a chance. And I knocked it out of the park. And they loved me because business is about people. They invested in me. They liked me. And then the next time they needed something they came to me and said, how much is this going to cost? And I said, $6,500. And they said, fair enough, your last project was awesome. And now I'm too grand in the black. And then they kind of mean for the next project. And I say, well, I'm going to need another person for that one. I'm going to need to get somebody to help me. I'm going to have to contract someone to build this out. And they said, let us know. And I charge them 12 grand. And I put four grand on my pocket. And then here I am five years later, I've done a hundred projects for that company. And they've been my biggest account. And they have referenced, they've sent all these other accounts to me. My business is booming. The best decision I ever made. But the first, the first time they called me, I lost 800 bucks. And he's like, people don't really think about that stuff. They just look at the number right off the bat, but building relationships, showing your worth, showing what you can do, showing that you love the work that you really want to produce something great. And or be great at what you're doing. That once people know that you can be dependent on, once people know that you can be invested in. It's not about your company you work for, or who we're company you own. It's that you can be invested in. And that's very important. So it's something for everybody to consider. It's the same when you're inviting people to the table too, though. I'll have a lot of people last. So I know you do too, Ron. Like, hey, can I do something for mutant? And if it's not a good fit, I just say no. Because when I do call and say, hey, George, is this something we can do? There's never a question like, when I brought Tommy into mutant. I'm like, we should sign Tommy. He goes, okay. Right. That was it. Yeah. Like, yeah. Didn't ask me about him like, because I've never sent something that wasn't up to par. So reputation goes a long, long way. And you got to keep that in mind if you get yourself somewhere. Don't just bring your deadbeat homeies up with you if they're deadbeat. Because that looks bad on you. Like, you know, it's very, very important. I mean, same thing. You know, I got my daughter, her job at a gym. And I told her, I'm like, I literally told my friend, I'm like, I want you to be brutal to her. Because she has to be your best employee. Because I open the door. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? It's all the same thing. Like, I open the door. Don't embarrass me. Like, you got to slay this. So it's important that people see all those things. And then when you get in, it's awesome because that's your opportunity. And there's no question we're going to have a great time. Tommy's going to work his face off like we all do. And that'll be that. Yeah. On that note of pitching in, I have to say, thank you to Hunter. Your client does the, who is out at the urnell. He hung back. And he asked me, he was like, hey, man, is there anything you do to help? Everybody left the booth. And I've got 500 cords that are taped down in mics and headphones, all that stuff. He hung back and he wrapped cords with me for 30 minutes. I mean, it was a huge help. That would have taken me like an hour to do on my own. But to have two people to do it was like, I mean, it didn't take him a ton of time. He probably wasn't doing anything else. You know, but it was a huge, huge help to me. So I wanted to make sure I said thank you to him. Yeah. Well, no shock that he has some business to that age. So we'll leave him. Doesn't really, what is he, no kidding. He's doing. Yeah. He's got his own thing. He just barely started. I don't know the name or anything. I'd promote it a little more. But more important than what was just he had an opportunity. He worked for someone. And then it became an opportunity that he could like take it over. I'm not going to tell the story just because it's from trouble. But because I don't, I don't know how the other owner went out. I guess the better way of putting it under his foot. He took an opportunity. You know, what could have just been like, oh, I lost my job in turning an opportunity. And I've got a few clients that are like hustlers like that. And you can always tell because they mentioned like in passing or like, that's a hell of a move right there. Like that's an opportunity that most people didn't even see. And he's going to cash in on a big time. So it doesn't shock me at all that he would do that because, you know, he's a young, I mean, I don't know how old is, but early 20's guy. Yeah. And well, ahead of the curve. It doesn't surprise me at all. It'll all turn all that just based off of the interactions I had with him. That's really cool. And thank you. Yeah. I appreciate it, man. Yeah. Awesome. So is that it? That is it in the show? Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I'm mutant.com. Get your all in. Get your ISO surge. And everyone should get on the gear. We love it. And of course, we have to remind everyone in the US. You can now get mind. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I love it. Yeah. You can use the words spell that out yourself. Have you guys seen it yet? Yes. I've got to read it. I haven't tried it. Do you full scoop dusty? Yes. I thought it was awesome. I used it all three mornings at the expo. But the last morning, I had a full serving. And I made it also. I made a conscious effort to not have nearly as much coffee with my breakfast. Yeah. I had to feel it. And I loved it. And I'm trying to scam some from the warehouse because we can't sell it in Canada right now. Oh, because it's gunning gradient in it that hasn't been approved. So it's in the US only. But I love everything. I think I can get my hands on it. So I'm happy. But I love it. No. Yes. I had the same thing. But reverse run was when we went down that morning. We just stopped by. They were just sampling out full servings like mixed like a like it was on tap. Yeah. So I took a serving and I just took a sip and it was the peach one. I was like, Oh, this is good. So I just drank it on the way in. I was holding my monster that I drink every morning. And I got to the booth and I was like, I don't need this. So I just put my monster in the bag. Now, mining guys, it's not a stimulant. So it's not because I just felt very alert. And I was like, Oh, yeah. I don't need the monster. So I just put it down. Yeah. And now it's actually been my pre-workout every day since. Because I may or may not have come in the year to couple. I'm rushed at the booth. I would you should have done rookie. Actually, I asked for one to. I love Nutropics. Yeah. But now I'm not going to score. The spot is on the way. So I'm straight. Not the only Nutropics. The only Nutropics I've taken in the last 10 years were for a smashing pumpkin's concert. So that was a different. That's a lot of the. We'll talk about that there. I had my levels kind of messed up. It was quite what I was looking for. But yeah, that's that's where we're at. And remember everybody like share subscribe comment. And ring the bell. There we go. One more thing. Dusty. Have you checked your Bitcoin today? Oh, yeah. I've been checking it pretty regularly to be on the right now. I try not to look. I just leave it. I'm just saying. You're feeling's not hurt. And if you're connected to anything else as well, they'll be along for the ride shortly. Well, I'm just saying that I feel pretty smart right now for having a auto buy turned on for the last three years. Oh, hell yeah. Yeah. I've been buying a hundred bucks a week for three years. Nice. On top of what I had. So yeah. I did great through that whole slump. And now we're getting a little bit of a ride here. So let's just see what happens. Especially real quite a bit. I also did. I also did something really smart. And about a month ago, I dumped a big chunking because I was doing my RSPs for taxes. And I was kind of moving some investment. I was, you know, after taxes doing, doing my thing for taxes. And I had this little chunk and I thought, I'm going to throw it in. Yeah. And now I thought good. So I thought good. So good. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Have a good one, everybody. Remember that it's just bodybuilding. Great. Excellent. Awesome.