One is willing to work until they just collapse. The other one's like, I don't know if it takes that. And that's certainly bad or just different. And then you have on that same side, the generation that is recovering better, they're not as beat up. The only thing he understands is if I keep working harder, I'm going to keep getting better. And I'll tell you what, I would put my money on him, be in a better bodybuilder than five to ten years. And someone who is whole we're analyzing. You see lines in them from the side there, and that hamstring looks nutty. That side shot is pretty impressive. And a lot of experience with EQ. I think that's probably the three guys they'll kill. We're not gonna kill you. We're not gonna kill you. What's going on guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Barry myself, Scott McNally, and we are brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Use our code, think over there for all your basic bodybuilding supplements. Like, intro workout. You can get some pre workout. You get some post workout, protein. Get the team skip blend. Use our code, think for additional savings. We're brought to you by supplementsource.ca for Canadians. They've got great deals that change week to week on short dated, label change products, stuff like that. Of course, we're brought to you by Patreon. I've got a couple of Patreon questions. We might even have a physique critique. If this guy gets some scent over to me by the end of the show. If not, he'll be in for next time. And yeah, guys, we've got a bunch of stuff. And we've got a fun topic. We're gonna talk about regarding training to failure. Like, do we need it, really? But before we get into that, and I think we're gonna try to get into like some real take home tips for you that you can apply to your training today. But before we get into that, Andrew, we have a freaking like late entry here to the Olympia this Bay Roost. I don't really know him. To Bonnie Bay Roost to Bonnie? I believe that's hype right now. So yeah, we just got worried about five hours ago that his visa cleared. He's coming over from my ran. And he's going to be competing in the 2225 Olympia. Now, the problem is, is this guy has not been able to get on the Olympia stage. Though he's qualified numerous times. And everyone's always said, man, once he qualifies and is able to compete, he's gonna shake up the lineup. And I really do think he is gonna shake up this lineup. Because, I mean, he's got everything. He's got big arms, he's got flowing quads, he's got a very small waist. My dad, the smallest waist out of all the guys in the Olympia this year that we're considering for top 10. I don't see him finishing outside of the top six. You know, why? And I would have said that last year. I would have said that after I saw him win the Dubai, he'd be a good William Bonic. And that's where he qualified. That's where he qualified. Yeah. And he's been qualified for several years in a row. It's just he can't get that visa. And he finally got the visa, I guess earlier today. I mean, look how big his delts are in that most muscular. Like, to me, that's like a throwback like Kevin the Veroni type. Most muscular wear, the waist is still really small. Brown, bowling ball delts, great set of arms. So who knows if this is very complete? He's very complete, isn't he? He's very complete. I don't know if this, you know, I assume he was preparing every single day as if he was going to get the visa. I hope he was. So we get to see the best because I think we already see all the athletes that we've been talking about, you know, the Nick, Derek, the Samson's, the Hotties. We did a preview show a couple weeks ago. They seem to all be coming in to their best. Yeah, I really feel that this year's Olympia. We are going to see every athlete close to or at their best that they've ever been. You know, and we're talking guys into the 10th, 11th, 12th, Placings to. So yeah, I'm excited. Where do I see him finish? It's so hard to say, you know, in no particular order, I would have my top six being Nick Bay Rouge, Derek, Samson, Hottie, gunned in my head, Andrew or Martin, it's hard to say, you know, Yeah, I'm going to probably forget someone else is really good too. Any back shots from this or no? I might get put one together real quick. I just want to now, if the risk of. Stereotyping. Or pro maybe it's pro filing maybe it's that stereotype, but. Everybody's waiting for skip to say something really really off. Yeah, exactly. You know, I'm hesitating because I'm talking slower than I normally do. Normally I'm a mile a minute. Am I the only one who sees kind of a. Hottie, ask. I know he's from my ran to that's where I'm going to get in trouble. I don't but that front most much smaller ways. Yeah, I don't know about height or anything else. I can't tell height when I. I think he's about five ten. So okay, on the taller side. Yeah, for for a bodybuilding. I just I see it in the front. Again, you know, arguably a better. Yeah, maybe about different midsection. Yeah, but I see, but I don't know that I'm not seeing it. Some consciously knowing he's from my ran. He's got the you know, darker hair, darker complexion, you know, darker features, that sort of thing. Okay, here we go. Here's the back shot. Now, I wouldn't say that his back is absolutely blowing me away. But I'm not going to say that it's bad either. You know what I'm saying? Like he's he's got muscle there. I don't know if I. I'm actually interested to see how he stacks up. This is not the best back shot I've ever seen of him. So I think if you if you see him really open up the lats, it's it's it's it's a sight to behold. Um, yeah, I just sent you another shot too that I think, Um, his side shot. Like like he's not balancing his back shot. You know, one arm's a little higher than you. There he's a little off balance. The only thing I think that's weird about this shot is what he does with his glutes. And you'll notice if you watch him on stage, some of the videos. He kind of flexes on with any talksome and then he unflexes them again. I wish you could just pick one and stick with it. Um, but he's got massive mass. Massive, massive boots, but I'll put up that side. Yeah, he really does, man. You're the does. And you see lines in them from the side there. And that hamstring looks nutty. That side shot is pretty impressive. Yeah, he's got some of the wacky hamstrings. This does again, this video doesn't really show it from the glute to the hamstring to the knees. Are usually really striated like that. So the the detail level is on another level, not to plan words. Yeah, what are glutes in your hamstrings? Arguably take up slightly more than 50% of the size from the side. That's that says something. Well, it could say you have weak quads, which normally does like it if it were me. But when you see that, it's that's just that's a crazy. Wow. Yeah, that's pretty. And I don't think what you were saying in a minute, it goes, Get, I don't think it's like a racist thing or whatever to say. No, but someone can finish that way. That's more or what I don't mean it. It's intent versus perception. And let's just say that when the, like the industry knows this, when the Iranian bodybuilders don't do very well, they lose their shit. Yeah. You know, there is that. There's a, there's a little bit of a different mentality. At least in the outspoken Iranian fans versus, you know, anybody else. In case some point last year, Samson, nobody in the US burned anything, broken anything down or had anything real negative to say about it. They said, okay, everyone was at their best on that day, directly. And the judges thought Samson won. I think people could have argued, said, well, no, I like Derek or like, hotty because of this, but nobody was like, someone got robbed or they completely screw or someone's getting paid for this, for this, you know, judging, you know, there's no background dealing or anything like that. It was, you could, you could buy the reasoning they gave it to Samson. You know, I don't want to, you know, you're not going to get out of a whole heap. Let me just point, let me ask you guys this question because I think it's important in the viewers probably relate. Does the body building industry freak out the, the troll sector and everything else? If Nick wins. I think it's possible only because he hasn't been there. I think a lot of people are behind him more than you think that's a lot more than ever. Yeah, more than ever. I completely agree with you. Yeah, he's been pulling fans back into his camp, you know, since this, this, this is like a little bit. There's been a lot of holes going out on people's Instagram stories. People that are good retired former bodybuilders like Ianville there and Antoine Valleant who's not retired, but, you know, not competing right now. And I've been kind of keeping eye on him and overwhelmingly, and when I say overwhelmingly, I mean, the number of times these poles are showing Nick being the winner, pretty high. Like 42% of the fans are saying Nick's going to win. And then the next would be like say Sam's in at 31% and it trickles down from there. And, you know, there's a lot to be said about that that I think that says he's kind of the people's camp right now, you know, maybe five years ago or four years ago, the attitude would have shifted a little bit. It would have been, I want to see someone else win without judging the actual physique. But I do think, as you pointed out, Scott, I think the fans are behind him. They want to see him. They've kind of fallen in love with this personality. And what he shared through his Instagram and social media, they relate to him. And, yeah, I'm not the judge. You can very humanize too. You know what I mean? Like just just we saw him really at his worst, you know. And, and, you know, whether you loved him or hated him at the time, it's like we've seen him turn that around. It's hard not to love, you know, the underdog, the comeback story. I really do. And I've thought this man since since he turned things around that he already is going to be the people's champ, but there no matter what happens. Now, I don't know how it works. If you win the show, can you still be voted people's champ? You know what I mean? Like I don't know if that is that work out that way. I think so because, well, okay, Arnold won what five years in a row. And I feel like he was also still the people's champ because, yeah, good looking guy from California, just, you know, I feel like he was charismatic and he'd already done a little bit of acting. So he had some name recognition. So I do think he was kind of already the people's champ going into those Olympia wins. And then he wins. Well, Blumstead. I mean, that's great. Yeah. Blumstead was already a people's champ in a sense. Yeah. Because I mean, also, I was kind of thinking about the actual, because they give that prize away on stage. Yeah. They can actually do. Yeah. And then they would they actually be able to, you know, because it's usually someone else like branch war and get to it or, you know, somebody else who was like third, they come in peel, but they just don't have the, the tools that it takes, you know. Yeah. When I'm thinking of people's champ, I'm not thinking of like some silly award the producers or whatever, the promoters, the show are putting together based off of, well, they put it together, but then they, they let you vote. You text in and they take those numbers by the end of the night. So it's, I guess it's really still up to the people, but it always just seems like the people's champ ends up being somebody other than the guy who wants, you know. Yeah. So then there's not tell you. Yeah. It's great. You know, I was going to go the other way. I was going to say that the people in the industry choose their person, not necessarily based on the same criteria that the judging panel does. I mean, we have our favorites. It's relatable. Does he have a structure like me? Do I want to look like him? I know I've said for years, you know, even when getting along and feeling like I were friends, his physique or the Chi's physique was more appealing to me. If God came down and said, you have to pick, you have to walk around the rest of your life. Look like one of the other. I'd be like, oh, walk around. Look at that guy. I already got the tan. I'm not sure if I'm going to look like that. But that's that his physique was more appealing to me. The thicker lats, the arguably, you know, better shoulder to waste ratio. Again, arguably, but I couldn't deny the fact that, okay, I fell. He'll have the better for the guy. I wasn't losing a sleepover the fact that he was beating Chi. Did Chi ever beat him? I don't even know. I don't think he did. I don't think he did. No. No. No. All right. Well, listen, we got a bunch of stuff. And we had a fun topic that I'm excited to get into. I'm going to ask you, what did you, what did you, how did you turn this before the show? You were like the, the old generation versus the new generation. Yeah, which generation is right, which one is smarter? Yeah. Oh, what did you say? It really, but right, but I mean, I'm sitting on the fence. I'm sitting in the fence looking at both sides now. Okay. Because I'm sitting on the fence and I'm looking at the old head side. My generation. And I see, you know, work ethic, went in doubt. Do more, whether it's training cardio, volume, diet, and gear. You name it. Then I look over on the other side of the fence, the new generation. And I see moderation. And I don't want to say that they don't have a work ethic. On the same is, if you compare the two, one is willing to work until they just collapse. And the other one's like, I don't know if it takes that. And that's certainly bad or just different. And then you have on that same side. The generation that is recovering better. They're not as beat up. They don't have that what I call old manitis issues, which, you know, any type of tendonitis is an over. They're also 20 years younger. Good point. Sure. And that factors, that's why this makes this so complicated and nuanced. So then I'm sitting on the fence and I'm going, okay, this is how I train. This is how you're supposed to train your supposed to train her. I don't know. Are we progressing the old heads and it obviously time plays into this too. But did we progress at the same rate when we were younger with the same mentality versus the reps in reserve? Are you really not training to failure? Yeah, that sort of thing. So I'm looking at both sides. I'm going, I find myself within the last year. So paying more attention to the side, the newer generation. Because I'm thinking, oh man, I shouldn't dismiss this so quickly, maybe they're on to something. And I've got my own reasons where I'm starting to see it and I'm starting to gravitate toward that side. The problem is it takes a serious rewiring. Like it's like, if I'm an electrician, I've had to go into my brain and essentially renovate this entire high rise by stripping out all the old wiring and bringing new everything we're doing again. Because we condition ourselves and program ourselves a certain way for so long that it is hard. It is hard to break that. And then you have the old school side that not only are you wired that way for so long, but you build a tolerance to not necessarily paying. But to the intensity where, you know, my level of 10 on an intensity scale wouldn't have. It evolves over time. So we almost become desensitized to it, I think, training to failure. Oh yeah, you're definitely, you get what I said. Now is different than it was 15 years ago, you know, and I think that works to your advantage. You know, we're talking a lot to Scott Stevenson on the topic and and you do hear more and more people saying it now, you know, three, three plus years ago, if we were talking about reps and reserve all of us in the old school. Like, ask her that idea, you know what I mean? Yeah, we're like, you know, there's no sense. You got to learn how you got to take it to failure. And I think that what we were getting it is you have to learn to take it to failure. And that that's something you have to keep read to finding. We had a hunter on one of the podcasts a couple of few weeks ago, and he said, listen, if you're capable of pushing it hard, then you need to do that as long as you can. You got like, years, seven years of like just going hard to extreme felt it's going to take that so that you can even can understand what a rep and reserve is, you know. Agreed. But then I even go so far as to say, is there the potential for more growth, not training to failure. And I'm going to give you an example. The one thing that has stood out since my show and understand this is only 10, 12 weeks. We have the post show rebound. We got calories going up, but I'm TRT and I have to based on the comments. TRT or TRT plot. Well, you're TRT. It's TRT. It's TRT and a 250 milligrams of testosterone. It's TRT. It's not plus. I can't see what I have seen. What I've seen and this is what surprised me because my hamstrings are not a main focus to me. Okay. It's not like something I'm going to go in and I'm going to pound and go, man, I just, I don't have any hamstrings. What I have found is since I have laid back and we're talking years here. I sometimes look at the stack when I do leg curls like, oh, you know what? That is nine year old weight. Why? And then I go, I'm like, okay, I'm going to go a little bit heavier today. I'm going to go harder, whatever. And I still end up failing right around that 10 rep mark. I can't go any heavier. It feels like my hamstrings are going to rip off. So since the show I have pulled back and I'm not trying to failure. And literally, I'm hitting numbers on a leg, I know it's a leg curl, but it's still a good example because it's not a primary focus of mine to bring this area up. All I'm doing is sets a 10 and I just work up. Once I hit 10 and I'm barely getting 10, I stopped there. I might even fall back for one. I'm done. My poundages are going better than any other exit and everything else is going up to, obviously, post show. But it's going up so dramatically that I haven't done these numbers on leg curls for 15 years probably. Really? So that's, again, then you, your brain makes a note or should, damn. What if I do this for clouds? Like why would this be any different? Even though different muscle groups can be, you know, sometimes we'll need to be trained differently. Some more intensity than others. But it's enough that it's got my brain, you know, I'm thinking. And I'm following this as much as I can with any of these other even pulling back to chest of all the muscle groups that the viewers would have a heart attack. Of all the muscle groups that the viewers would have a hard time pulling back with. Competitor and acup, it's going to be chest. If you, if you train one muscle group, the heart is, it's usually chest. Failure is pretty black and white. You either get it or you don't back. Not as much. Might be a little less range. Motion. You're not pulling back as far. Yeah. You can, you know, you can, you can count two or three reps that might not be full things like that. But with chest, you can't do that. So pulling back on chest, it has done the same thing. I don't have the shoulder issues. I don't have any rotator cuff irritation. There's just a, there's a lot going on in the recovery. HRV sleep score. Yeah. General information. My knees aren't sore. And I had the knee injury before. And I'm talking about, you know, 55 real knees that you, they just ache. I get up off the couch and I do a couple of these and then I push off on my knees just not because I have to. But because it makes it less achy. Yeah. Things like that. So it's got me thinking. And I just think it's an important question because if I'm looking at this or reevaluating this. Other people should probably be doing the same thing. Yeah. What do you think, Andrew? I'm thinking about last night. I went to the gym and there was a guy probably 22, 23. And I watched him and he was doing squats and he did had to have an eight sets of 10 with the same weight. Okay. Barely on himself. Like busts in his ass. And I'm sitting there going, wow, that's amazing. And then what does he do? He puts the bar on the ground. And he does like six or eight sets of deadlifts. Which is where plates. Yeah. And what I'm going out with this is I think he probably doesn't have social media. He probably go YouTube. Only thinking understands is if I keep working harder, I'm going to keep getting better. And I'll tell you what, I would put my money on him being a better body builder in five to ten years. Then someone who is over analyzing reps and reserve and my working too hard and my stressing my system out too much. You guys get wrong going with that. I don't disagree with that. And that's why my brain is programmed the way it is. But when I see that progress, once you establish that level of intensity, then I just don't know. Well, here's my caveat though. Okay. Okay. He was 22, maybe 23, maybe 24, I'm just right. Yeah. I don't think of 35, a 40, 45 or older guy can do that same thing and expect that. Yeah. So our same guy. Let's say the same guy who's like four weeks out from his show. You know what I mean? That's where I'm going with that. It's time to place. And it's all about where you are in your life, I think. And so I think in some ways, and maybe we're a fault by being a podcast talking about body building, training, drugs, all that kind of stuff, are we overeducating people to the point to where they're forgetting about the number one factor and it's hard work. Because the guys in the sixties, the guys in the seventies, the guys in the eighties, internet wasn't even vetted and they somehow found a way to develop some amazing physics just by knowing by work a little bit harder. And they didn't need devices like HRVs and phones and fit minutes and stuff to tell them that they were busted up for the day. They woke up, they got out of bed and they said shit. I can't train today because it's what? It's what Scott Stevenson calls brain candy. You know, there's like, it's great to have that brain candy and that's like mainly what muscle mine is. Yeah, like we'll talk about like can and and said change your progress. Let's look at these studies and at the end of the day the answer is like just use common sense. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's that's what I'm trying to go with that is that let's let's apply more common sense. Let's let's rely less on the what ifs like yeah all this data's great. In my mind when I'm coaching people, I that makes up maybe 20% of the decision making in my process because at the end of the day, I know we probably need to keep working harder to get you into shape or to get you to that growth or to get you to that next summit of you were 197 pounds your last bodybuilding show two years from now you want to be 210. I don't think it's going to be devices. I don't think it's going to be saving all these reps. I don't think it's going to be calculating this and that I think it's at the end of the day. It's going to be work hard, sleep hard, rest when you need to and progressively. I still think it's maybe that's a little too old school. But I'll tell you what it's worked for the majority of bodybuilders that built the physique in all seriousness. Well, and I think that's why it's so convincing we've been around for a long time. We've seen more than this generation so far as far as experience. Maybe not the the ability to access information and experience, but our own experience we've seen. We've seen it with our clients that adds to it as well. 10, 20, 30 times, 40 times over. But I think what it also does is it and this is kind of where I sit right now. I'm trying to figure it out. Initially, in the 22 24 year old guy in the gym is a good example of this. You have to know where that threshold is. You have to you can't come into this endeavor into this sport and be holding back because you don't know what that threshold is. So the little to the threshold learn what intense because I still see there's intensity of effort and then there's intensity on the targeted muscle. And I think there are two different things. One has to be very targeted. The other one is just on the outside. It looks it's just effort. It's it's that visual thing. You don't always visually see a seasoned competitor or a seasoned bodybuilder. What that intensity is from outside. So you have to try to figure it out. It's internalized. It may not be. Why are you trying to keep the prime exam your pants? How many times have you taken a younger bodybuilder who wanted to train with you at the gym and you're like, I'm going to bust this kid up. And I know it's going to hurt me. I'm going to be dying on the inside. But I'm not even going to show him breaking his sweat. I'm not going to make a noise. I'm not going to. I'm going to make it look like this is just a wax workout for me. And he's going to walk away. No, and I got dominated today. I'll tell you something. I used to love doing that. And honestly, I think that progresses you as a bodybuilder as a middle of your career towards the end. That those are the workouts that you really really really push because you're like, well, I'm trying to show him what he should be doing to progress. I'm going to get to where I'm at. A lot of my workouts had been like that for a long time. Guys that I worked with, maybe I had even sometimes it was like two more years of experience than them, right? And I'm showing them stuff in the gym. So like you have to have the best, like you can't slack man. You've got to be the example. And when you're that guy dude, oh my gosh, it's, it's a lot of extra work in the gym. It really I think helped me for sure. Man, there's no question. I'm with you 100% on that. But I think finding that threshold. I think that's why that's important. Being able to because again, we become a descendant. If we get to the level of 10 and we stay at the level of 10, we become a descendant. We are essentially then the 10 becomes an 11. The 11 becomes a 12. So I guess what I'm trying to relate to people is my 10 or my 12. I'm pulling back to a 10 by taking it close to failure, but not necessarily to, or even further than that. Forst reps, things like that, rest pause. Now are those things effective? They're effective and can be very effective. Then if you are dramatically decreasing things like volume and or frequency. So again, it obviously it's very individualized. Some would argue, I'm 55. Is my recovery ability not what it was when I was 30? Of course. Of course it is. So for me then to pull back to what might be my 10 or my 9, maybe allowing that recovery because I mean, I have to explain why I have a sudden, I'm significantly stronger with these types of. And then there are other times where you pick up that same weight and it's, you get to rep number three and you don't think you're going to hit five and you end up banging in 12 of them and they're flawless. I mean, you could, you know, your reps could be graded on a full arm like hearts. Maybe like, oh man, it's versus I mean, three I can't do anymore. You know, I got four. I got five. That type of thing. So there's just, there's a lot of time right there. My point is this, this is an important question to ponder because again, it weighs out the recovery versus the work ethic in the actual effort. And I do think that everyone has a point whether they're seasoned or they're not, where you go past that ability to recover and it doesn't matter the working can do. We can always do more work. That's just a matter of sucking it up. Yeah. But are you recovering from it? So I'm benefiting by pulling back a little bit right now. But if you looked at my training, you wouldn't be like, ah, he's training like a pussy. Yeah. What's this thing, Andrew? You just sent me. So that's, if you throw it up on the screen, this is something me and John came up with for the Mount Dog Training programs years ago. And if you click on the links, which obviously our listeners can't, but if you ever bought one of John's programs, you can click on it and it gives you an example of what these sets look like from John doing over one of his clients doing them. But it's basically a rate of perceived exertion flow chart going from six all the way to 13. So a warm-up weight where you can get like 15 reps, 20 reps with that would be like a six, right? A reps and reserve set of where you could get two to three, maybe maybe two more reps. That's like an 85, 8.5. Okay. We put 10 as you went to failure with perfect form. Oh, this is a good. Yeah. So if you go to failure, perfect form that like if if someone like John or Scott Stevenson or Dave Tate was watching you, they would say that was a good set, that was perfect form. You stopped right at 10 reps or whatever. You did the reps exactly. Yeah. And then we came up with, you know, you went to failure with loose form. So I would say this is more of like to say the branch warrants dilatating, you know, because I definitely consider his form to be on the looser side, but no one can say he's not training well or hard because he's training like an animal, right? The form, there's just a little bit more body English there, right? Well, that even says after perfect reps completed, so that's like true. True. You nailed that 10, right? And then you got, I've got a little bit left in me, but I can't do it. It's almost like forced reps in a way. You know, it is, yeah. It's like, okay, you get done perfect set of curls, right? And then let's see, you get to that lemon threat and you're just doing a little bit of a little bit of body English to keep it moving, right? Yeah. Or like your rose, maybe now you're engaged in just a little bit of coerrotation to get a dumbbell to keep moving on a dumbbell row. And then like a 12 or a 13, a 12 would be like using a high intensity, you know, like let's say you did a set of 10 to failure and then you're adding in 10 partial reps out of the strength position or you did a set of 10, then you got a few more loose reps to a second set of or a second area of failure and then you added in a static hold or something of that nature. And then the 13 was reserved for very infrequently. It's like once in a while you're doing something that's just so crazy. Like let's say a, okay, here's a great example. This is when I love to do with people. You guys are familiar with the Bulgarian split squat, drop set of death, right? Yeah. Okay. So I like to take that idea and apply it to say the hacksquad or the leg press, right? So let's say you're starting with, I don't know, like four plates on a hacksquad and you're getting eight reps. Then you're going to drop it down to just below the, or just above the lowest position. You're going to have your partner push down on the side to add even more resistance as you push up as hard as you can. So you're in an eight second static hold, okay? Then they pull a plate. Eight more reps repeat the static hold. Pull one more plate, eight more reps static hold. And if you can still flex your legs, you're going to try to do it one more time, which is one plate. Again, with that static hold, that would be an Ape shit type set that's like, you can't do that every single week and expect to recover and progress. And you can't do multiple Apes shit sets every time you go to the gym throughout the course of week. Like you couldn't do the same thing for your chest the day later. You couldn't do the same thing for your back at day later. That's where you run into recovery issues. But that's also where the wisdom of training comes in. Like if you were to do something like that on legs, okay, maybe my next workout, like a like a threshold is workout is going to be a little bit more tame. I'm going to probably stick to that 10, maybe 11 in terms of the RPE, but I'm not going to do any crazy intensity, high intensity techniques that kind of stuff. Yeah, I think that's important. And as you mentioned, I think that it's something that we have to constantly negotiate, you know, it's like based off of where I'm at. It could even be, you know, I look at my own life and I asked myself, like, okay, you know, where was I with work today, you know, when I worked for the pop company, I like super busy days. And some days it was like, hey, I know that this isn't going to be the best day to push as absolutely hard as I can. Because of all the other physical stuff I already had to do, or my sleep wasn't good for whatever reason. I only got five hours last night. I always get whatever seven and a half. Today is probably not the day that I'm going to push to my absolute hardest. Or John, I know you're watching right now when you're five weeks out from a bodybuilding show. Yeah, I got to tell you, so this is a conversation that I had been having. And great guy. In fact, we did a physique critique of him. He was, he was the guy who, Andrew, you said, you know, he was already looking ahead. I think we are like eight weeks out. You know, really beautiful shape, you know, and he's going to do incredible thing is he has a very physical job. And we were talking this past weekend and he wanted to start cutting his training back and showing up less frequently to the gym because every, he's like, man, I'm just getting so wrecked. And we look at his training and the training is like everything to hard failure. Yeah. Every day. Well, we cut out the super sets like at the beginning of the prop, you know, but still, I mean, this dude, you know, his skip, you were talking about like the difference between like your 10, your new, your new 10 is now your old 12. You know what I mean? Like as you get, he's got some intensity. And I think just this year alone, he's redefined what intensity is. So he's still trying to push to that level and now we're only a few weeks out from the show and he's extremely lean. And he's moving like 50 pound hundred pound pipes all day long at work. So it's like, you got to, you got to redefine that stuff. And I think it's important that man, you know what it is with bodybuilding because this is something to guys that I had. I had, I've had to work really freaking hard at this. When I had gotten sick in 2021, I was at my all-time, strong, just ever. I was at my all-time, biggest ever. And that's the, there were a lot of things that worked for me. And although I had done all sorts of other things through bodybuilding that worked for me before, after getting sick, what did I think I needed to do to get a good workout? I thought I needed to do the exact same things I did as before I got sick. Because that's what had been working for me. And as smart as I am and as much as I can help other people, it really took it wasn't just the stepping back, but it's, it's the connection that we have to what we think we're supposed to do. Versus what we can actually, you know, benefit from, I think it's, it's always evolving. So just because what worked for you yesterday or last week or last year doesn't mean that that's the thing that's going to work for you today. You know, and I think that's the better we can get at recognizing that. The more we can have those really freaking hard days to failure and also be able to know when to pull back. It's a, it's a middle ground, right? Like it's both. I think the answer is both, you know. Agreed. And I think what it is, I think the reason that it's difficult to is because when you're doing the actual workout, you don't get to assess it right away. You have to wait to be able to assess it's not like why I just did this work. I just got paid for it. So now I can say you have to then go back and go okay, am I doing to say okay what I'm doing is working. I got to make sure that I continue exactly what I'm doing. There is that lag time between doing the work and being able to have the time to assess whether it's working or how well it's working. Or how well it's working. And it could take time to see even, you know, before you can really start to even catch on. Yeah. One thing I saw in the comments. Sorry to catch all. Yeah. I saw a podcast, first is from Gatano. I saw a podcast this afternoon about Phil Heath training and people says he never goes to failure. Same as Jay. But have you evaluate his connection with the muscle he totally understands that having a good amount of good reps and mechanical tension is better than taking a failure. That probably causes too much fatigue and information to recover from so it costs more than the earns. So one thing I want to say about Phil Heath is that I don't think he trained hard. I don't care. I don't care. You've seen it. I mean, I've seen a lot of videos and usually people turn it on for the videos. And I remember watching videos. Good point of half to three quarter reps squats and being like, this is what this guy does for his leg workouts. And my point is that obviously what he did worked. He became the best bodybuilder of a generation for eight to ten years, right? So I'm not shitting on that. He did what it took to develop the physique and who knows. If someone said, hey, you could do half reps and your physique would be better. What I do it probably, you know, no, I'm just saying, yeah. I just don't think he's a good example of a hard trainer is what I'm getting at. I don't care. He could have a hard training for a hard training because jaded full range of motion. J. Pomp Tard. He did a lot of all, you could physically see him working hard. He's I don't know. Or remember, Jay is the one who pulled Phil back. He pulled him aside when he was done by press and they'll like, bro, you, we know you can do the 170s. But if you're going to stay in this game for the long term, you need to be pressing 130s. And this doesn't make any sense. So then the argument is, well, the genetically gifted they can get away with that. But if you look back, it feels career as far as injury, it wasn't there. Yeah, he didn't have those major injuries and everybody else deals with it. Let me just add this story real quick. I'll be super fast about it. But back when we were recording the longevity DVD, is that our Embrace Pro, my wife did a lot of the filming, we were back in the leg room. We're doing something and I told Melissa, I said, don't get fill in the frame because I don't want to make it look like I'm riding his coat tails or trying to take advantage of that that's fill even though he was a friend of mine. That could have asked him, but I'm just like, I don't want to do that or be accused of it. So the camera comes out and all of a sudden we hear, and I notice it's fill and my brain is like, you don't ever, like he doesn't train like, and then it occurred to me, he knew that camera was on and it's the only reason he was doing it. It could just make me laugh because being alongside him all those years, this isn't a knock on him. Oh, that's crazy. I mean, dude, I mean, dude, you have to do it. I got other things to knock him about, but not it's not it's, it's, he was able to dominate from the first time he stepped on stage, you know, till he, all the way through. So there's nothing to take from him there. I would train the same way, I admit it. And it wasn't that he didn't train hard, don't, don't get me wrong. But if you put his level of intensity next to 95% of the people, you know, that want to get or, and will never get a pro card or even compete successfully at the national level, it's day and night. He never carried a water bottle. I would have conversations with him sometimes while he was in the middle of a back session where I'd be like, bro, I got to finish train, like, I got to, I love you, but I got to finish train. And he's probably in prep for the Olympia. You're like, dude, don't you need to get back to your set? It's just, it's just crazy. It's just crazy what some people can get away with. And then we look at, well, that's not fair. Well, they're not much in life as fair. Yeah. I would say Heath was a very pump and squeeze bodybuilder. No question versus a hard trainer. No, I'll just leave it that. Yeah. So to answer the guys question, was there more like, was he able to generate the intensity necessary? Of course he was. It's a no brainer. But at the same time, was he able to generate a level of intensity higher than the rest of us, maybe based on more muscle mass, maybe based on what he was set up that the contract out force was so strong and the response, it's a guess. It's really comes down to simple genetics. He was meant with a little bit of stimulus, the right drugs, the right food to look the way he did. And the rest of us were not. The rest was pretenders were forcing something that the body doesn't want. Right. And keep in mind, he also never used insulin or trend. So there's that. Yeah. And I go on record to saying, I don't know that he never used insulin. I know that first hand, that he did not use insulin when I was friends with him. And that was well into his matter of fact, he started using GH. Only like three or four shows into the to the being a pro. And then he jumped up quite a bit in one of those shows. He put on, I don't know, 16, 18 pounds of stage weight, something like a 15 pounds. And that was when he had gone to growth. I never knew him is taking insulin. But I also ended up moving. We had a fallout. And we weren't friends anymore. So I don't know what he did after that. That's just speaking for me. So I don't know if he did it after that or not. Studies show creatin doesn't just fuel your muscles, fuels your brain. Research links create into improved memory, focus, and mental clarity, especially while under stress. It helps reduce mental fatigue, supports learning, and may even protect long-term brain health. Later, my creatin from true nutrition, use code think it check out to get 10% off and support this podcast. Power your body and your mind with true nutrition creatin. By the way, this is my actual morning routine mixing 15 grams of creatin into my oats. No flavor, no texture. And hey, since I got married, we stored in this fancy jar so it doesn't look like my wife lives with a bro. But hey, if you're single, just leave it in the bag on the counter. It's totally fine. All right, let's get into some listener questions. We got a bunch of them. Guys, if you want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment below plus all your comments and likes, all that stuff. It helps to boost our programming up and we can use all the help that we can get. If you're new here, we'd love to have you along for all our shows. So hit the subscribe button, the bell, and all of that. Adrian asked us over on Patreon specifically for this show. It says should men and women train differently, rep ranges, rest periods, or is it the same stimulus equals growth? Thanks. I mean, anatomically very similar, or lonely, slightly different. I mean, if you read Lama Donald's book, I think it's called the Woman's Book, it's a pink book. He would say yes. But then again, I don't know him for putting out bikini figure wellness champions. I think he was writing a book based off some science. But now I don't think necessarily they should train different in terms of if we're talking rep ranges, intensity, range of motion. I don't think they should train different. Now it depends on the division, right? Because we got divisions that are very glue heavy. So yeah, obviously you're probably not hitting your upper body two to three days a week. You're hitting your glutes three to four days a week. You're doing very miniscule work in the upper body female bodybuilding. I would say it's very interchangeable with male bodybuilding programs. I don't think there's any difference. So I might even say they don't see a difference in the dose of some of the girls take. So, you know, I'm going to say, go ahead. I don't want to say. No, I'm just going to finish with like I just, I don't think that we need to program them differently from a sets and reps standpoint. No. I'll go back to the early 90s when I met my wife, small garage gym. I know the owner known him sometimes. He's a great guy. But he had different workouts for male and female and even at that time I asked, like, what do you do that for? Any laugh you go's because the women expect a different workout. They think they're going to wake up with man muscles. Oh, yeah. He said big fear. And I think that that plays into what had continued to feed that antiquated ideologies. When push comes to shove, the question is, a kid is saying, I think that when females do bicep curls, I think it hits their quads. Like, if they do a bicep curl, it's going to hit their bicep just like it's going to hit my or he'll horse. So the training itself, I don't see the rep ranges. I don't see the movements. There are arguments about like Danny Lamartina. Just on the show, recorded it last week, she made a good point that there are differences in hip structures. But she said there can be difference in hip structures with males too. So individualized, yes, but it's not, oh, you're a male. Oh, you're a female. It's, you know, whether it be torso-weight shoulder, you know, with, clavicle with whatever, you know, how long your leg bones are. I think of the funny girl in the, the, who's the heavy set girl that is in, she's super funny. And I can't rattle. I'm going to screw it up. But she said, I'll kick you in the face with my foot bone. And it was a viral clip from one of her movies. That sort of makes me think of the leg bones, the size, whether you are made to squat structurally at bit you, but that's not male female. That's just an individualized type of thing. So hormonally, yes, different division, yes. I think that's where it ends. Yeah. All right. I'm with you guys. I have nothing else to add. Glenn from Patreon says 44 here, Benign T or T in some a glue tied. And it never run a real cycle, starting my first cycle in October. 300 milligrams of test sip weekly for 10 weeks. Then planning on resuming T or T 100 milligrams of decka for joint health. So I'm guessing T or T. Oh, and 100 milligrams decka for joint health. Question is, for my first cycle at my age, should the focus be growth, re-comp or just learning how my body responds? And is this low dose test bridge a smart way to support joint's long term? I work as a delivery driver along with cardio and doing, going hard in the gym. Just looking to see if that gives my joints some relief long term thanks gang. When he says recomp, the first thing comes to mind is, are you fat or not? Right? I mean, we just showed a picture at the beginning of the show of Bayerus Tavini. There's no way he can recomp. He's already peeled. Right? Yeah. So there's nothing to recomp. So the recomp question would be based off your conditioning. Do you need to repartition drop body fat and hopefully gain some muscle in the process before? So basically diet before you start trying to gain. Right? So I would say, look at your conditioning. Are you happy with it? Are you not? Are you an insulin sensitive? Are you a physician to grow? I mean, that's probably the number one question. Yeah. Even if someone was insulin sensitive, but they're carrying, let's say a bunch of extra chub that they just don't need, my move would be, yeah, let's drop some first and let's get a cleaner slate to start with. So yeah, I'll let you guys tackle the PD part of it. The PD part is tough. First, I want to agree with everything you just said because you didn't encapsulate it and put it all together. It's a nice neat package. That's that's cool. Especially for someone who's as robust as I am. It's a skip. Just be getting started. Yeah. Exactly. Just get warmed up. As far as the PD is though, I don't like, and I wonder what you guys think. I don't like the idea of taking gear to maintain joint. What does that mean? Maintain joint, but I think a lot of people put the joint health with inflammation anditis. I'm a saner of manitis because I don't know how old he is. But 44. Your joints are, what is meant by that? I guess I don't really understand. So where to go with it? Go ahead, Andrew. If you have. I'm just trying to think about, I think what he's trying to say is to support joint integrity knowing that he's going to be lifting more poundages than he has in the past. And maybe he's had some tendonitis or some, we'll call it physical job. Yeah, and he's got some achy joints and stuff. So maybe just to feel a little bit better with trying to train a little harder. Gotcha. And I think that the gear in the cycle itself, I don't want to say no matter what it is. But is it not going to help to increase recovery? And then you may not have his, you may not be his achy things like that. So I don't know if the specific compounds matter whole lot coming back to TRT. And this is, I don't want this to make it sound like I'm dodging the, the answer, dodging the question by not giving a direct answer. But a lot of that is personal comfort level of whether to stand, whether to stand, TRT, whether to come off. That's a tough one that I prefer that the client, excuse me, the client has a lot more say in what they're doing versus coming to me as a trainer and as a trainer, I go, do this, do this, take this. I want to sleep well at night and I want the client to be 100% on board with what they're doing. So first question is, is he comfortable staying on and which he's already on TRT long term? Okay, so he is not, he's not so good. So that's done. His main thing was like he plans on resuming TRT and also with that adding in the 100 DACA for quote, joint health. Yeah, and that's I think that's what I, I don't want to take issue with, but yeah, I don't know that you're going to, I'll just say it. I don't think you're going to know the same thing. I don't know how to run a little grants a DACA whether it comes to joint health or not. I said it. Good, good. But I don't think this is going to be a deal maker deal breaker. Yeah, if you have your joint health issues. Like what is the root cause of that? So, you know, DACA is going to help with some level of inflammation, but what is causing that inflammation can't be changed that, you know? I, I'm sure you guys are with me. There's a point. I bet that there was a time like all three of us done this. I can speak for myself and say I did. Lake press is load that fucker up with as many places I can. Sometimes even like rat my knees and then get one rep lock out, you know what I'm saying? And then drop it back down. When I say drop it, just like let it back down, you know what I mean? It probably wasn't that ugly. But you get my point of, we lock out hard between these really heavy reps. If you were to take two plates off each side and not do those hard lockouts, then you're not going to deal with that same level of like pressure, you're not going to stack your joints. Try to, I, that would be my first thought is I would look at what you're doing in your training that is causing joint issues. Look at your work situation and what's potentially causing joint issues there. I think there's going to be overlap with a physical job like getting firm, tendonitis if you're using your hands a lot. If he's got a stock things and his work truck, you know? What can you do to improve that versus just going straight to something that's going to be an anti-inflammatory? It may work, but it's not what I would say I'd want to like live day and day out on. As far as the cycle goes, I think he's good to go 300 milligrams of tests. It's a my, I would consider that to be a mild cycle. If his TRT is like say 150 milligrams per week, and he wants to just kind of dip his toes in, get some additional benefits, you're going to be able to grow muscle on that. Even in my thought too, I'm with you Andrew on the dieting side of things, like what's this composition? Like does he need to lose fat? And I would say don't be afraid to try to do both things at once. Like keep the protein high, you know? But then adjust the carbs and the fats as needed to get the fat loss off. And that in that process, if he's not overly, it's just for cycle. So he's probably not a massive guy. He probably can continue to like recomp and grow as he's losing fat. But make fat loss the priority if that's what needs to be, you know? Yeah, one more thing too. So why not add the 100 milligrams of deca in when he's starting his 300 milligrams test of testosterone and then just cycle back the testosterone at some point. And maybe cycle back the deca as well. All right. If he's after like joint integrity and growth and fat loss and all the above, you know? I guess what is his TRT? Is it like 125 test a week or something like that? Is he on the TRT right now? Yeah. So something around 125 makes a week. I guess what I'm saying is I don't think it's going to be a, oh wow. When he bumps the 300 of testosterone, I think he's going to get a little bit more results. I think he's going to feel a little bit better. His test is obviously going to go up. But I don't think it's going to be like, oh wow. This is what the guys are talking about. You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, he could. So could I guess the question is, could he do more? You're saying yes. You're going to agree with you on that. Yeah. I think that's what I mean. I mean, I think he was, when we were talking about, I thought it was just, he was asking questions just specifically gear related. So when you went to training, I'm like, well, how yeah, that's, you know, you're going the training route. I'm like, how much of misunderstood I really thought he was asking specifically only about you. Yeah. That's what I'm like. I think he needs a coach. I think he wants a coach. I wouldn't hurt him. Yeah. Let me ask you guys this just gives kind of a secondary question. So, you know, we see a lot of talk about what a low dose or what an early cycle would be. And I do think that you can get a good cycle out of 300. And the better you are with your training, everything else, the better you're going to do. That said, are you going to get more out of 500? Absolutely. And I wouldn't have a problem with that either. So let me ask you this cost to benefit on 300 versus cost to benefit on 400 or 500 test. I mean, health markers, you guys tell me, I like I feel like you're, you're not going to mess yourself up. It's not like we're going to the point where like now you have a bunch more complications, right? Yeah, you're not jumping to Dallas, my car, or lab work by going from 300 to 500 makes a test, you know? What can you expect over say 15, 20 weeks of a cycle like that? Yeah, your each deal is going to come down a little bit. You know, your LDL is probably going to pop up a little bit. But how much more, though, you know what I'm saying? It's like, I, for me, I feel like it's not that big of a difference between three of a sudden. Under most, you know, majority of people probably wouldn't be a different especially as younger. We know that those blood markers typically get worse as you get older. So there's that. Yeah, but if he's doing, you know, let's just say he's adding cardio vascular work in. He's taking a few more health supplements. He's cleaning up his diet because he mentioned the re-comp. I think there's a lot of value in that with offsetting the negatives that you're doing with maybe a typical American diet or even a guy that casually goes to the gym. But then stops and eats, you know, a fast food type restaurant. I'm not even talking about like McDonald's. I'm just talking like even a Chipotle, which are some of these other restaurants, which do use more seed oils and stuff like that in their products, prevalent, uh, putting you on the side of inflammation, hurting your cholesterol a little bit more. Yeah, I mean, I think dive into the bodybuilding lifestyle. Don't be afraid to increase your dose as a little bit. Yeah, all the better. Yeah, did I tell you my results Andrew on the, um, the calcium score? You did that. You did last time. Okay. Yeah, I got a zero, zero, zero, 10.5, zero. So for a guy that smoked as a teenager into my homoines for a guy that had, you know, I'm in recovery. I lived a rough early life and then ran gear. I mean, I, you mentioned the term at one point, you're like, I really think that diet has a big role in these health markers. I mean, in our health and I think that that shows, man, because I have had a really good diet, you know. Well, here's the example because I would always do my labs like a week out from a show, expecting especially the first time I did it, expecting the absolute worst situation and where they great. No, they weren't perfect. But they were not nearly as bad as they would have been if I was in the offseason. High calories, a lot more shit food will say just in terms of the calories and less cardio. My labs have been a lot worse in that situation. When I did, I, so what I'm saying is I think there is a, well, I know there is there's a health improvement effect of cardiovascular, clean, calorie restriction supplements when you're taking high levels of PDs. I'll say, I know like an equalizer, but I'm saying it. Lessons the damage. Yeah. I know when I do curl sometimes my elbows both of them don't crunch. That's not right, but then I'm like, probably just the level of calcium in my eyes. This is kind of, I could tell I work it out. You know, then it's moved. You know what would be interesting? I asked your doctor, you know, the cardiologist Scott, because you stopped smoking what? 20, something years ago? Yeah, it's been some time now. Yeah, I guess I would want to know in his experience or maybe we should talk to a cardiologist. If someone smoked for it's a five years and they're 20 to 25s and then they quit and then now they're 45, what impact did that five years of smoking have if any on their current calcium score or their own period health? Like is there any? I wonder, and I wonder what would my calcium score have looked like in 2017 when I finished my last contest prep? You know what I mean? Is there any difference? I don't know. You know, I'll try to get again in a year, though. I'll see you. I'll see you again in a year and see just to see because I'm implementing all the supplements Dante suggested and be curious if I get it lower. What do you guys think of this one? Question can EQ contribute to Gino. I'm sensitive to the Gino when it comes to a lot of compounds, but I do just find with testosterone alone up to 350 milligrams per week. I have not gone higher than that without an AI. I would like to push to 750 test and 400 EQ. I do know that know that EQ lowers my E2 some. What do you guys think? I know on paper EQ should not cause Gino, but you guys have much experience. I have a lot of experience with EQ. I think it's not really. I think it's not really. I think it's not a lot of EQ. Here's the thing, I mean EQ, it's not going to contribute estrogenically to Gino, right? Could it influence progesterone pathway? Possibly. We have seen some research with that, but it's not going to be estrogen related. I would get a full panel done. I would look at progesterone, I would look at pro-lactin, I would look at the effect of EQ on those hormones, not just estrogen. I would say that it's far less likely than it is. That compound is going to cause any issues. Could it? It always could. It's not like. Would it be the testosterone you're taking? Sure. Maybe that me and your EQ dose, I don't want to say this the wrong way, is it high enough to counteract? Yeah, what I'm saying, maybe that's it. I always think can balance some out of it more if you're concerned. That's where I'm going with it. Yeah. Up, you know, set a 750 test 400 EQ, what about like 5 and 5 or 5 and 6? 6 and 6? Yeah, or 6 and 6? Yeah, I'd be down with that. I rarely seen somebody with a 1-1 ratio of testing EQ come back with high estrogen levels. I've seen 10, 10, 10, I'm going to say 9, 9, 10. It'll be on the lower side on a 1-1 ratio. Maybe 1 out of every 30, I might see someone with slight and when I say hi, I mean, slightly at a range, not like 100 or 200, you know, slightly at a range. Yeah, I never figured that out when I was using a lot of EQ because I always ran my test significantly higher, you know, I don't know about you guys. I have a client who just increased his estrogen levels up to 4. I thought that was pretty good. Yeah, I thought that was from 1, 0, 0, 0. How? I figured what we're going in the right, I'd have to dig into it. What's using for tri-ice? What's that? Was it using a-ice? No. I know, okay. So there's a lot of rubber diities. There's a lot of overditing prior to him coming to me. Great dude. Bella Herologist. He definitely outplayed me on the timepiece game. We were going back and forth weekly. We'd show each other a different watch every week and then I ran out because I don't watch it. You ran on a watch. I don't have four that lasted four weeks and he put up a 78 Daytona that just I was like, damn dude, it's a good watch. I take it on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It was a process of 6, 2, 2, 3, I think. But it's, you know, because they have so many different, it's, I can't even keep track of the Rolex market. And what means what I have to look among. But anyway, the point is, he's improving. But I think that is related more to do with chronic dieting because as we fill them out, he's just, he's looking better and better in this guy's ripping through calories. But the point is is that the diet can play into those things too to some degree that it's certainly not the compounds he's on right now because we're trying to, we're literally trying to find a way increase the pressure, which is always fun because they're always to increase the estrus. So when you're a number of watches is higher than your number of estrus. Then you're as good. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. I throw a little minton like five months. That's what we're doing. Okay. Couple. Couple months, we even some cases like five milligrams a day for some people. And that typically they love how they feel with it. And you know what brought it up from two to four? Be ball. Okay. Okay. How much would you more than that? How much? Oh, I was like two to four, bro. I'd have to check. It's not anything terribly grigious. I want to say it's like 25, 25, 25 a day. Something like that. If you're doing it, it's a demolice. Something like that. No, the no-to-vastrogen control Jared asked us on average. How much do you see? Dam in calcium, deglucrate, lower E2 from your coaching experience. Thanks. Love the show. Oh, moderate moderate, very moderate amount. Like I would say it works like 10 percent as good as well as a AI maybe. And I can't comment because while you were asking reading the question, I was trying to run down in my brain the compounds that he's using and I can't. It's okay. If you don't use these supplements anyway. So you get over here and you know, 80 of these doesn't work. I've seen calcium deglucrate have a more powerful effect. I think that a lot of that too has to do with like how healthy somebody's processing is already. Yeah, what's their liver? Yeah. What's their liver situation like currently? And if they're not good at the glucoronidation process, then adding that in can make a massive difference. Especially, I'd say it's good on TRT. Like if you're one of those guys that you think that you're a high or rheumatizer and this has kind of been my tirade for the last three years now. If you think you're a higher rheumatizer on TRT and you're on a legit TRT and you still have high estrogen, then that's a great place for looking at something like calcium deglucrate. On the other hand, if you're running a gramic here, let's get you on some aromasin. You know? That's the other thing I was going to add though is I would say the dim and the calcium deglucrate work most efficiently when your liver is working really well. So make sure you are going to use something like that. You've wrong some type of liver detox. Your liver's working really well. It's helping you recycle estrogen better anyway. You get in better T4 to T3 clearance. When your liver's working better, your body's working much better. 100% man. All right, let me see if we got maybe a couple more here. Topic question we could get to. But I have a different off topic question to end this episode with. It's three weeks enough to crash your test for testing low test in blood work to get TRT from my doctor. Depends on what tests you're taking. He says I was on 150 milligrams a week. So I guess he took that for three weeks. Oh, okay, I'm sorry. Maybe because I thought the scenario was because I got a lot of guys that are on TRT that want to keep, they got a good prescription price and they just want to keep it and then they do other stuff on the side. When we have to get them back into normal ranges, we will just stop their testosterone about nine days out and preferentially we'll keep them on the other compounds they're on, right? So there's still that inhibition feedback to the brain saying don't start producing more testosterone. There's already an interest in the system. They show up. They test it 560, 600, they get their script, they're good for another year. So, but you're saying he crashed his testosterone, his natural testosterone with 150 and three weeks. Is that what the question is? Well, he says and maybe you're right, maybe he was on it because he says, is three weeks enough to crash test before testing low test in blood work to get TRT from my doctor. That's what I hear. I was on 150 milligrams a week. So maybe you're right, he came off 150. And if I wait three weeks when my levels be low enough. Yes, yes. In the majority of guys, yes. Yeah, and if you want to make sure that it's low, I don't know the compound in. Yeah. That's it. All right. I got one more. Furt. Fuck. Sake Scott. Why did you ruin the Larry Bird story? That's awesome. And if you're on a blank, you just looked around. You had that you were talking about. Would I tell them about Larry Bird story? Yeah, you were telling me that. Yeah, you just a Larry Bird story. I got to, I listen, I got to redeem myself a little bit here, guys. We played, we, so we released those episodes in reverse, right? So we recorded with Ron. We recorded for an hour and a half. We literally did not answer a single question. We just bullshit it the entire time. And then we're like, we let it was a good show. All of our normal listeners that they got regular loved it. So when we came back, I was like, all right, we've got a topic. We've got a ton of questions to answer. We're like five minutes in to like finally answering some questions. And then Andrew's like, oh, skip. Before we were recording, you were asking me about something, you know, I just remember, I got this story about Larry Bird. I look at the time. I'm like, we're five minutes into the show. Did you just say I'm not? I was like, the body building that day. I looked like I looked like the deck. I'm sorry. I was like the, like the teacher. Did I tell the story? You didn't know because I was like, we'll save it to the end, man. Let's get through some stuff. Which means we just tell it. We just tell it. We know that we forgot. I literally forgot. Do you remember the story? Oh, did I watch these Larry Bird reels? Like, oh, I thought it was like, you saw them like, oh, Larry Bird wasn't, you know, town and he came to the bar. I thought it was one of those guys. I thought it was a trash talk. It was what we were talking about. He was the king of trash talk back in it up. No. I won't go into it. But like every day for some, you watch one thing of something. And it's like the logarithm knows like you like that. And I just start getting Larry Bird stories all the time now. And because I was, you know, it was a pretty good, it was before my time. Really, it's a basketball enthusiast. But I do like, there's something about the older guys that I just like because they had grit, you know, they played harder. They played through injuries. They didn't sit out 40 games out of the year because they have a hang nail, you know. And I just liked the stories about those guys. It was clunky, but it was clutch. Oh my god. You got any, any word of the day skip? Oh, man. I haven't done one in a while. Go to something else real quick because I take me about 30 seconds. You know, skip is where you're in purple today. Yeah. I'm waiting for the Barney jokes. Yeah, we didn't, we didn't. Nobody said anything. Neither of us. I love you. You. I think we're just used to his color coordination. Yeah. Yeah. But wasn't purple. It'd be like yellow and yellow or orange. Anybody kids whose older nose. I mean, right now, I'll have to say is this apples and bananas. And that will cue the subconscious and anybody with kids who had kids who was relatively close to my age will have that song in their head for the rest of the day. Those are the video take you put in a video tape. We were the first generation. I think that led to the kids, you know, the kids being on their phones at young age and not looking around anything else because we'd sit in front of the TV. We'd want 30 minutes of, you know, mom or dad time and they would just sit there glued to the TV. Then it turned to tell the tellbeez and you know, on that type of shit. But anyway, yeah, I'm on my Barney kick. Are we still feeling for you? Or do you, or you, you've got it now? I am. Do you got it? You can't talk about where you're feeling for you. I know. We got it. Go ahead. You guys. It's here. It's I just, we'll just keep rip it out. That's where the purple hat in a purple shirt to the other day. Okay. Here we go. I would have all these. All these together. What I did was I put up, sometimes I'll get a bunch of that are the same thing. Like, as an example of a hoard. Yeah. I'll know a hoard is a large or a passel, you know, which is essentially a hoard, large group of people, passel. But then we get into Clouter. Clouter, if you have a, like, I have a Clouter cat. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Cats. So then I went down this, the file, pH Ily. I went down that rabbit hole one day and came up with like a hundred different files. You're an astrophile. You like pretty pretty self-explanatory astrology. Okay. But I'm going to we're a file because I love cats. Andrew and Scott, you guys are cinephiles because in they, they will say dog a file, but that's a little, that's lame. cinephile. So you're a lover of dogs. I'm a hurrah, hurrah file, lover of finding time pieces. So I went down this rabbit hole. Anyway, Clouter is a group of cats. Mickle. Same thing, large amount, but it's more British or, let's see, mickle. Yeah. Mickle. Like a, uh, at a whole bunch of them. I've got so many in here that I have a specific, you know how you have your different categories on your phone of pictures. Yeah. I've got it in there, but I can't get to it because that, it takes too much. Well, I'm talking to take so much attention to get the little back through all these pictures. I think you got, I think you got some good ones for us. I'll take a mickle today. That'll be, I love you, except for people guys. We appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for watching as always. And if you haven't hit the like button, please do because it definitely will help us. And of course, go to, uh, team skip.com to reach out to skip and go to bodybary.com to reach out to Andrew, hit me up at McNally. Diet's at gmail.com. Once again, check out true nutrition, true nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there, get savings on all your basic bodybuilding supplements, including the team skip blend. And of course, thank you to everybody who shops in Canada at uh, supplements.ca. You guys get great deals over there. I've seen things for like literally a quarter of the price because they're short dated. And uh, Patreon, we got you covered, man. Thank you for uh, being here for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear. We will see you soon.