I remember puking through my face mask. As we were running, I'm like I puked through my face mask and then kept running sprints and then puked again through my face mask and kept running sprints and there were guys like falling down that just couldn't get their legs to move. They're like jogging like one mile an hour just to finish. But the whole point is it's like building toughness. Toughness stuff, you know? And I think that's something that I think that that's a huge element that a lot of people who want to be bodybuilders miss. Okay, welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding. Dusty Han Shouts got me now in myself from part-low episode 200. Oh, good. Not even know what to say about that. Got this happen. Yeah. Remember like share, subscribe, comment. And ring the bell. Ring the bell. Thank you to everyone for helping us make it to episode 200. Just think how good it is something I could be. If I would have dedicated all this time to it. You know, we hear that we are a podcasting. You're a better podcaster now than when you start a podcast. You are. I mean, all my skills. I saw some of the old videos. Really important. You rock elliptic skill too. You know, the apocalypse comes. We're going to need a good podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Just a broadcast to SOS messages, maybe. Um, remember, I am mutant.com. Support to show go to I am mutant.com order. You're mutant products 20% off with big Ron 20 or Dusty 20 Dusty 20 and thanks to everyone who's been using the code. And don't forget the Patreon. Yes. Go on the Patreon. Scott does a lot of work to make these shows happen. So go on the Patreon sign up for that couple bucks a month. Maybe a two knee a month. For all the Canadians out there. And thank you to everybody who is supporting the show. You guys are freaking awesome. I actually have a couple of Patreon questions today. It doesn't matter. In fact, and some Patreon go over unders. So there's that. There you go. There you go. So we're going to open episode 200. We're going to open it with the topic training partners. Isn't that what we're doing? Yes. I can't write to it. It was a Patreon question too. Yeah. A Patreon question. Do we say who's it was? Because they're Patreon. Sure. It was Jason Sexton. And he says the pros and cons of training alone versus with a partner. I realize this is subjective, but I'd like to hear your gut responses. My initial gut response is no training partner is much better than a less than excellent training partner. I either want an amazing training partner or I want no training partner at all. Right? Yeah. That makes sense. Did you have Ron? I mean, I know this because so I had a lot of long time training partners over the years, which most people don't have. But I had the good fortune of having people that were very serious. And when they started with me, we're very pliable as far as I was able to teach them how to be my partner. Yeah. Point that like, I didn't have to speak when I had one more in me. In fact, sometimes if I might be mentally bogging out, they would say two more. Yeah. So there was a huge benefit once they got there because like you were saying on having a great training partner, I literally just commented on this. I don't even know. Oh, it was actually when I did a meeting in a minute. Like, when I'm training with Ron, I'm in his set. Like, his set is part of my set. You're talking him through it. It also keeps you in the set. But it's like, there's nothing worse. I see it all the time in the gym. Like, you get done with your hard set. And then you stand up and you get on your phone and your training partner's supposed to do his. And he sees you in the mirror. Like, you know, that rolling away. It's like, what are you doing? So I had great training partners. And for me, I can train alone. But if I can choose, good training partner is game changing. Right. What do you think it's got? I agree 110%. I think that, you know, and I'll tell you what I saw just the other week. I saw you guys training together. And granted, there were cameras there. And when you have cameras in your shooting, a mutant on a mission, I'm sure that's going to, you know, that's going to up the game a little bit. But you guys worked hard. Like, we went from hanging out to you guys moving like that T-bar row that you guys were doing. That was some serious weight that you were pushing. And it reminded me. Because I saw, I literally saw you guys both give everything that you could. Like, there was, that was it. Like Ron, I know you were pushing heavy with that thing, man. And I know that like you literally were using every ounce of energy you had to get each one of those reps. And that's what you get from working with somebody who is going to push you along. You know what I mean? I don't even necessarily need to use the same amount of weight as your training partner. They can be stronger than you. That's fine. But as long as you're giving that level of effort, that's really what matters. I've never cared how strong my training partner was. Like it never has been a factor. I don't care at all. Like, I know some guys are like, well, you can't train with me. I've been four plates. You've been three plates. Can't train the other. I know that's how some people think. Yeah. But I just like, it is the least important factor. Like it's like not even on my list. It's all about focus and consistency, dependability, reliability, all that stuff is way, way more important. But that's just my personality in general. I have absolutely no use for people that aren't dependable. Yeah. Like there is no use. If someone's not dependable or reliable, my relationship with them cannot advance past like, hey, I was going, what's going on, man? It just can't. Like if they're not dependable, I just have, there's, it cannot work. And then that creates obligation, which is on both ends. We're going to meet a foreign train. Yeah. And that means that I need to be as dependable. That means if we're training it for, I can't show up at 430, you know what I mean? And I think that that in itself helps you with your bodybuilding. Right. And it's different if like, you know, I'm willing to make like, there's a certain amount. Like there's a real symbiotic like understanding. Like my training partner texts me 30 minutes out. Yeah. And he's like, hey, dude, I'm going to be 20 minutes late. I have to go do this thing. I got a call. I'm like, yeah, no problem. It's the sitting there, twilling your thumbs, looking at your text going, is what's where is he? Yeah. Where is he? Let's get worse. On from him, I respond, are you coming? And then the response back. And then they shot like, you know, 40 minutes late. Like not just like alien to me that would never, ever happen. At least that's why. So, right? Yeah, at least that's why. There you go. Right? Everything happens once. Right? It's your own fault of it happens twice. So, I always found the one thing with training partner, because things do come up. Yeah. All I really, and again, there's, there's always things. And you're going to call freaking car accident. That is something that can happen. But as long as by the time I'm heading to the gym, I know if you're there or not. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're going to be staring at the door. And then deciding you're not coming. And now I'm irritated. And I'm not in the mindset of like just being set to train alone. If I was my house, like yesterday, I was supposed to be training the legs with a couple of guys. And John takes me to morning and he said, hey, I'm at the gym, because he works there. And he's like, I just got a call of my son's six. So I'm not going to come today. Cool. In my brain, I'm training alone now. No problem. And an hour I'll be there. I'm ready to train alone. We're fine. It's that show up. And like you said, Ron, wait, look at the door, what's going on? Like, you know, I think that that's part of the conversation. It's funny of communication with training partners. Like, I tell everyone up front, or should say I used to when it was like my life. This is what I'm here to do. That's it. Like same thing, like what guys would come in. If you want to like, you know, you saw Scott, like Ron and I would joke in between sets in this and that. But during the workout is not a time for you to tell me about your girlfriend, your problems, your mom. Anything that takes away from what we're doing, focus wise, like no. So I used to be that up front. When we're in the gym, we're training partners. We are not friends. We can be friends again when we're done. That's it. Right. You know, I will admit there's the odd, you know, sometimes you know, you know, that there's one word you can say and your training partner is going to have a laugh. Right. I don't, you know what I'm going to run. I don't mind the jokes because this is something you just said Scott, like, when you've been doing this for 15 years and and share if you guys have this thing, when I was a kid and getting started, getting ready for the gym was like a thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, my meal right. I had my music on the way to the gym. I had to be in the zone. I didn't walk. Don't talk to anybody. I got to get to that bench. And now I can literally be joking with you about anything in the world and then grab the weight and go, okay, time to work. Click. Yeah. Do my set, put it down, then go right back to the joke. No problem. Just nothing heavy. Like I can't help you with your life problems now. But you can't be a girl in the blue shorts. How's it? Great. I agree. She does. Yeah. Was that on there? Yes. It was blue last week. Anyways. That's all. And that's all part of like the communication. You know, when you can just like, you know, your, like, the other day I was strapping in and there might have been something worth mentioning. Maybe. And I just kind of looked up at brain and kind of like went. Like that. And he just rolls his eyes. Oh, here we go. And then that was it. And then I pulled the strap tight. You know, and boom, into the set. So it's, it's not like, like, you're not having coffee talk. But there's these little communication things that are, you know, but that's all parts of like, you know, I mean, guys that fight, guys that fight in war do that. You have to find, you have to find the little moments where you can just like, you know what I mean? Like, hey, check that out. You know what I mean? Like, there's a, and it's part of how it's part of how humans like, you know, get deal with stuff and get through things. It's just all part of it, you know what I mean? So I like to have a good time in the gym. Like, yes, very training, very hard and intensely and like days rough and and all that stuff. But you have to be able to also have fun. Like if this, at this point, if I'm not having fun, why would I be in there? There's no reason for me to be training as hard as I still do, but I like to do it. It's fun for me. Yeah. Oh, and that's part of it. So, but you know, I, I spent a lot of time like over half of my competing years, I had no training partner because I just preferred having no one to answer to ever. Sure, you know. So I would, I'm going to the gym at 430 today. I'm going to the gym at 3 today. The gym at 330 today. It was always up to me and I could do whatever exercise I wanted and I just, I couldn't have any, I couldn't be concerned with anybody else's opinion about anything at all. But I was very fortunate because I trained at a gym where it was exactly the same people all time and I had all these guys that knew how to spot me. So it was like a totally different scenario. It wasn't like you're going to like, you know, your local gym that you don't normally train at, but you're going there at nine in the morning with no partner. I mean, that's a rough chess workout when you got no spot at all. Yeah, right. Or one free in client bench today, lovely. Yeah, with nobody around, the gym's dead and the person who works a front desk. I'm not trusting them and I've no idea what their name is. Yeah. So there's like, if you train at a bunch of gyms because of work or you train at all these different hours or you're on the road a lot, I mean, not having a training partner really does worry. It really, really sucks if you're trying to really, really train hard. But, you know, if you're surrounded by a support team, having no training partner can be fantastic. I remember some of my, like, one of the places I remember seeing a training partner being really good for me is in a contest prep where, you know, you are, you guys do have a team, you know, and you're dieting, the other guy is not dieting, and they know that you're getting weaker, and they know that you're getting fatigued, and they know what you're capable of at that by that point too, if you guys have had a long enough training relationship. And it's like, they'll know how to get that out of you, how to keep pushing if needed. And at the same time, they also know how to kind of, like, be respectful and understand what your limitations are. I feel like in a contest prep scenario that having a good training partner or partners, because I've trained with, in the past, I've had two training partners. And we did, we'd go one, two, three, and then immediately, when the third person's done, the first person's started again, and I like that system a lot. And it's like, you guys can, you guys kind of all work together. You're all in different places. This guy's in an off season. This guy just competed. This guy's getting ready to compete. You know, it's like, you know, your places in that, you know, ever changing rotation of on season off season. I learned a great deal from my Australian friends, John Davian Nick Jones. When we trained together for a full year in like 97, 98, we had like, we were training Dorian style. Obviously, peak of the 90s, right? We were training very Dorian style. One all out working set, all that sort of stuff. And we just had this like, super tight flow. Whoever just did their set was on a break. Yep, whoever was next was spotting. Right. And it was just this rotation. And we moved quick because, you know, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, and we always went in order of like, you know, Nick was a little bit of a smaller dude. He's like five, six and a half, you know, five, six. He gets down into that class four, you know. And then I was like kind of middle of the pack for strength. There was a big kid. And then John was like, you know, 280 pounds. So he was a strongest. So we would always go in that order because we'd slowly put a little bit of weight on for each round. You know what I mean? And it just really worked. Like, you know, John's last prep was the same weight that Nick would work with. Nice. So we wouldn't have to change weights for the first working set. And like it just rolled. And I just remember how much of a machine we were. We just is finally oiled machine. And we would pound out workouts and under an hour all the time. And when you see it comments from people like, man, you guys get in here. You're just like, you guys just go. There's just no bullshit at all. And I just remember like really, you know, being proud of how efficiently we work. Because you know, when you get three friends training together, oh yeah. Like really good friends. You hang out outside of the gym too. And like most people can't stay focused. But they were so serious. You know, Nick was doing the worlds in the universe. And John was, you know, it got his pro card and all that stuff. So it was, it was all business. And it was so much fun. But you know, it's been 19, 20 or I was a 21 that year or whatever to be that age. And really absorbing this work ethic and this, this duty of rotation. And like you have a job to do, even though it's not your set. Yeah. Like you got, you can't just wander over and talk to somebody. Like you're spotting knack guy. Because this guy's resting. And it, it just really was, it was a good experience. That's cool. You know, you know, learning. Okay. Next topic. Here's a topic for you. Yes. So yesterday was Emily's birthday. So I put like, I took a bunch of photos off my phone. And I put like a birthday reel up. Yeah. That's a birthday. Right. And it's funny because I have this natural hesitancy to post my actual like private relationships stuff on Instagram. Really. You know what I mean? Because I think I, you know, the joke like people that post like all the time about their significant other. My inside voice is like, oh, they must be fighting. That's my outside voice. You know what I mean? Like there must be trouble because they posted about them again like third time in two weeks. You know? So I always feel like, like, because I, I find, you know, the social media obviously we're putting on putting, you know, I put my biking stuff up. And I throw up the odd guitar clip. I'm having fun and lots of mutant, you know, and I was coast and all that stuff. But then when it comes to like my private life, I have a real block. I don't like putting that stuff up. You know what I mean? I was not that I don't like it. I just, I just, it doesn't need to go up. Like I want to keep a bunch of stuff for me. But, you know, I wanted to do a birthday post for her, which is really cool. You know, felt good to put that up. I know, you know, seeing everybody comment and stuff is nice. But it's just funny how I, that thought went through my head as I'm about to post them like, oh, this is what I judge other people for if they do this too much. Like people do this too much. I always say, oh, there must be a bunch of problems there. You know what I mean? That's fun. So like, how do you guys feel about like, you know, the private posts like, like, you know, like we've joked about posting that you went away because you don't want people rob your house. Like that's right. But like, I don't know, how do you guys feel about your relationship on IG? I know I see you both have put up posts before, but is that ever go through your mind when you put it up? Like, oh, people are going to think we're fighting. I think it's interesting because with Victoria, you know, she already had. She has her own very public personality as well. And I think I've posted, we're just talking about this recently, I've posted more of her private stuff and her being silly than she ever had posted before. So it's like a much more personal look at her than I think she had ever shown. And in really the way I see it is, you know what? I kind of feel like I'm an open book. And to me, it all blends together. I can completely understand where you're coming from. Like, if, you know, and I respect to somebody like, hey, I just don't want to post that personal stuff. I'm like, okay, cool. But to me, it's like, I'm hanging out with you guys and I can post about this and then I'm hanging out with Victoria and I'm post about that. So like to me, it's just like, I just posted all. I don't really, I don't really have those barriers, I guess, you know, to me it's not a thing, I guess. You're not broken like I am. No, I'm not saying. No, maybe it's better to be with you. No, you know, you nail that Scott is, to me it's really simple. There is a line because I have to, I'm, I'm, I'm mindful of what people are there at my page to watch. So, okay. For example, I would post way more about motorcycle and then I do. Yeah, it's a passion of mine, but they're not there for that. Yeah, they follow you. Like, because of that. Yeah, it's, you know, and people think it's cool. Like, oh, you do that. But if I posted my bike as often as I post mutants, people would be like, I don't really know why I followed this person because the ratios would get thrown off. And that's what they're there for. And I would have people who then, I mean, it's funny, but I've got some guys who I follow in the motorcycle world. And I know you can identify with this Ron. Who then followed me back and I was like, why did you follow me? This just me, like, lifting weights over here. You know, like they know I have a bike and every now and then, I'll put something. But what I really came down to is, and learn just by starting to do it is the difference is you're just posting your life. It's just what you're doing and people you're introducing people what you're doing. I think where I'm completely in agreement with you Ron is this. Oh, Emily, I love you so much post. Text her that. Are you telling her? Are you telling us? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's to me is where I'm like, like, it's funny, but I joke with with Nikki. Like, I'll see that in somebody's page. I'm like, I should take a shot at that chick. She's totally available. I see them posting a lot back and forth. This is, this is an old dusty song, open door right there. Yeah. But you know, that, that is to me the difference. It's like, when they see you're just adding because in, because in reference, Ron, like, I've had people now that comment sense obviously moving here in a pretty drastic life change, they're like, oh, there's a lot more to you. And I was like, there wasn't always, but I mean, there wasn't more than I showed. And I think that that part has actually helped because people actually identify more in some ways because they're like, oh, so you do have a life outside of running West Coast iron and bodybuilding. Yeah, you know, right. Because I think sometimes it's hard for people to understand that like, you know, we talked about this off the air when people have like one excuse that slows them down and you're like, do you want to happen in my day at West Coast iron? And when I was working from you and owning West Coast iron, and was still trying to be a competitive bodybuilder. Oh, and had a girlfriend. Oh, and have parents and have problems and siblings. And they just see the one track. So I think it does help you kind of get the inside. I mean, you know, I'm not into flatland at all, but I probably comment on Iran's flatland stuff more than I do his bodybuilding stuff. You know, I mean, I'll see something. I'll see a clip and immediately come like, oh, that's getting better for sure. I don't know anything, but to me, that's getting better. I enjoy that, you know, you're right about like the ratios. I notice something too. If I post like, if I post it like a bunch of bikes, stuff all the time, I almost feel like it would stop getting looked at as much. Yes, but when I post just a bit, then my followers, they seem to respond like it's novel, you know, it's a cool stuff. You're still, oh, cool. You're still doing this. I haven't seen a clip for like three weeks. You're just, you're getting out in January. Like, yeah, I get more calm. I feel like I get more engagement and people, people take it better. You know what I mean? Like they're not being invaded. They're not like, you know, being overwhelmed with one thing. And, you know, unlike even the other day, my buddy Jamie turned 50. So I put up a couple of like his old clips when he used to ride pro. Yeah, so. And, and I tagged like happy birthday, happy 50th to Jamie Mack, you know, and I put up these posts. And I got like a lot of comments are like, you get to ride with that guy. That guy looks incredibly, that guy's awesome. Like, wow, that's cool. You know, like, it's like training with the pro bodybuilder. Like someone who just started training and all of a sudden, they're, you have to train with the pro bodybuilder a couple of times a month. Yeah. It's like, you know, so, you know, people like commenting and that sort of thing. I just sort of feel like if you, you know, I don't know if I found a good balance. Like, like, like, does he said, you want to show your real life because you want to be real? Yeah. But you just don't want to like, I don't know, be obnoxious about it or invasive. I guess is like something that would be concerned with. You know, where I stop, where I draw the line, I think is like, when it's not like I'm intentionally trying to hide this stuff. But I will, I will not share the real negative stuff. Like, oh, yeah. People who are like, oh, my girlfriend and I had a fight or, you know, you'll see, like, my mom fell down today and like a picture of me holding her hand. You know what I mean? Like, I don't do that stuff. You know what I'm saying? And yeah, I'm not comfortable with any of that either. I like all the, all the, like, yeah, anything that's like not funny or awesome, I just keep to myself. Yeah. Like, that's, you know what I think is good though, and there's something that I've found in watching people, is for example, like, if more people would have seen. So I, I laugh. We, we have a lot of running jokes in the house about social media. Like, let's say there's a good looking couple and they post a picture in the gym. And then the comments are like, you guys are goals. And I'm always like, based on what? Yeah, because they look good together in the gym. Like, I beat Sir Ass every night. Or whatever it is. You know what I mean? Yeah. But I feel like that's the part that people miss, because for example, you know, you know, with you guys, it's cool to see like, Scott, that you guys have like, because in people's minds, like you and Victoria in the same industry. Yeah. Like, well, that must be their life. And then they're like, oh, they like to go do this. Like, and so it gives them a little bit of taste of like the actual relationship. And it makes you a little more, a little more real and a little less just to people in the industry. And I think people can identify more with that. You know, like, if they knew that Ron was the subtle quiet one in his relationship, they'd be shocked. But I know that. I'm like the sensible voice. I don't even know Emily nearly as well as you do dusty, but I figured that out myself. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot more fun than it looks. I don't know. Is there anything you guys don't post? Because it's just something in you that's like, I don't want to get judged for that. I don't know. Like, I have a thing. I have a thing where I don't really want to show the inside of my own house. Really. Okay. Yeah. And it's like, and it's, I mean, obviously, I love my condo. Like, I mean, does he's been over? I mean, I got a great condo. But I just feel like that's just a little too. Like, it's real partial. I'll show parts of it. Like, I'll do a video in front of one of my, you know, I have a picture on the wall of Angus Young that I think is cool. So I'll do some of my videos in front of that picture, Angus Young. I've seen like, yeah, very curate those. What you're saying? Yeah. Yeah. I don't want them to see like the laundry that's in the basket. And I don't want them to see like my dog's toys in the corner. And I don't want them to see the dirty plate that is on the table that I, it's been there for five minutes. But they might be the new. Yeah. Right. And if I don't shoot that, I would pick that plate up and like put it in the right. And then you got to go in a big production and you got to like, dress the set, fold the blankets. But that's what pillows back in the couch just perfectly. Oh, the pair of shoes. It's not in the closet. Put them back in the closet. Oh, the coffee pots not clean. You've got to clean the coffee pot. Are they going to be judging? Like, right. And, you know, I keep a tidy place too. But I just feel, you know, you know, the hoodies that I don't put in the dryer or all hanging on the door, dry and looks messy. You know, so I just, that stuff. I just don't like shooting around the house because I just said, it's just too much. I don't want people to see all that stuff. And I'm that's just silly or if that's an insecurity or if that's just a privacy thing. I don't know. I mean, a privacy thing. And it's like, that's your personal stuff. Yeah, I could totally see that. Yeah. It doesn't need to be a line. I think when you're, I mean, because as much as you want a joke about, like, you are very public, like your, your life has to be to do what you do. So you do need to keep some things for yourself. So I don't think there's anything wrong with picking and choosing what those things are. It's, it's just being mindful of the fact to me that I've really been stunned. And I know you guys have to, so I'm not going to put up a question box. The questions you get you're like, wow, I didn't know I put out enough information for you to even think to ask me a question like this and maybe you're just asking to get my answers so you can do the opposite. I don't know. But you know, I think it's, I think it's cool though, because you do see people start to respect. I've come to the conclusion what it is is you take what you learn from bodybuilding. You guys have both applied that to the rest of your life and it appears to be working. How many people do bodybuilding are excellent at it and then can't apply it and our losers in every other space of their life. It's like, when you take what you learn from bodybuilding and put it in a relationship, you have a good relationship. You put it into your business, you have a good business. It's really, really simple stuff. I think that's why people like to watch it because they see like, oh, look at Ron who's now retired bodybuilders who's still contractual as a great relationship, as a great condo who's doing this this and this and it's all from application of the same things. I mean, same with you on your bike, it's application of bodybuilding. Yeah, consistency. I thought of a funny, I thought of a funny joke about my bike the other day. I was going to tell you guys because of all that, you know, I'm having a hard time riding right now because it's winter time here. So there's like, you know, I mean, today actually looks like it might not rain. I could have got out. But, um, you know, for the most part, it's like, I got to go to that, you know, junkie parcade. Yeah, you know, why at least once a week to just try to keep the rust off. So I sort of thought the winter time here on my bike, that's kind of like my health phase. Yeah, I'm just trying to maintain and just trying to hold as much skill as I can through the rainy season until I get back. Yeah. Yeah. And then then once like once like late March, April comes, I can night start making progress again. Yeah, that's right. No, I can start. And once I start, I'll start blasting an April. All right, three times. That'd be my blast. I'll make some big gains in April. I'll learn some new tricks. And right now, it is health phase. Just holding this, trying to get the keep the rust off, you know, I love when Terrence had health phase. Yeah, that's almost laughed. Yeah, then I was like, and I had, I had two people to gym mentioned that to like, or Terrence had health phase. And I looked at you. And I said, you guys, too. Yeah. And I said, well, they said, well, the funny thing with Terrence is that he's actually probably one of the guys that can actually use that phrase, because like, you know, he's not running three grams of trend when he blasts. Right. Like it's, it actually could apply to the health phase. Yeah. He actually reputed the health phase. Yeah. Game of Paris into the local middleweight bodybuilder. Right. Realizing health phase year round. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of funny. It was like, oh, there's an actual accurate use of that term. I actually don't mind that. He dropped that. No, anyone would say that. That's interesting. But the funny thing was it two people at the gym came up to me, the big smile. They're like, well, Terrence said health phase. It was like, that's how they open the conversation show. Yeah. Yeah. Episode over. No, no. So, so we got some, we're going to go into some questions, right Scott? Yes. Yeah. We have some over-under questions. We have some other stuff. And we had a comment to that I'll start with here. Read. He said, I asked Dusty about this on his IGQ and A, but are you all aware that Michaela squatted 135 pounds for 111 reps? Is that the nastiest set of all time? And then he adds, can we please get her on the podcast? I'm going to start by saying, I've tried to get Michaela on multiple shows. I think she's, I think she might not want to do podcast is what it is. Not everybody wants to believe it or not, not everybody wants to get on a podcast and grab for an hour. So, we want to respect that she doesn't want to do. Though we would love to have her, if she ever wanted to do a show. This is start with a lot of time. I'm going to say I would love to have Michaela on. We've talked about her a bunch of times. We brought her up a bunch of times. I know Dusty's a huge fan. But yeah, you're right. Not everybody wants to, hey, it's hard to get Batman on a podcast too. Yeah, it can't get out of it. Yeah. There it was. There it was. Yeah. I didn't see that set. 135 pounds for 111 reps. I didn't see that either. I remember there was, I was told a story once about someone about a girl at Gold's Venice that squatted a plate for 100 reps. I remember someone told me about that. Yeah. And I thought that was crazy. But she did it for 111 a damn. I wonder how long that set took, like, where she was she kind of restposing the last 20 reps? That's men. Oh, like, yeah, that is minutes. The multiple minutes. It's actually funny. But someone's I did answer that on my on my story and actually, oh, God, I hope I get this right. But I want to say Josh Justin Schire commented directly to me. And he goes, when anyone asks what hardcore bodybuilding is, I just say her. Yeah. Right. So I couldn't be wrong on who said that. But I'm pretty sure that was him. And I just, I was like, yes, that is absolutely how I look at it. Yeah. That's that's pretty crazy. How many times have you guys done 100 reps set of anything? If it wouldn't have been like Lake Press and I didn't count like the actual reps, but that would be that would be a lot. You know, I like the high high reps, like the widow maker stuff. But I don't ever count after it gets to a certain point in order to mean. Yeah. I've definitely done 100 reps sets on the Lake Press and on the extension. Oh, if I'm on the extensions before, that was something JJ used to do at the end of the workout. He would actually for speed literally put extra pins in it and you would go and he get a couple of four chefs as a whole. Anything like pull it and move it. There was already another one so you couldn't stop. Yeah. Yeah. Those, that's almost like a nausea that's not nauseous. It's like a toothache. I don't even know how to stretch. Yeah. I like those. What do you guys think? I really think for bodybuilding, those are more about building your mind than actually your muscle. Yeah. That's what the 100 reps on the Lake Press is. I remember I did it with six plates. I did a bunch of times with five plates and then I did it with six plates. I did a hundred reps. And you try to like, you're trying to get to 50 without stopping. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. And you get as deep in as you possibly can before you have to start pausing, you know. And then you're like, okay. And then you pound it like five more. And then you're doing groups of five. Groups of five with like, you know. And you just chip away and you got those like little 10 second pauses where you're just breathing and then you crank out, you know, three more. And it gets just brutal. And you're right. Like, do we have any scientific study that says that's going to be the best thing to do that day? You know, but that's just a brain trainer. It's just, it's just, it's just like football, you know. Like we used to do fourth quarter at the end of every practice, you know, where there's a cardio time, right? Yeah. And you know, it's always just about making you strong, not necessarily like what is the optimal thing to do for performance cardio during a football game. You know, it's okay, guys, run and lines from the goal. And to the five back to the goal. Then to the 10, then to the goal. Then to the 15, then to the goal. Then to the 20, then to the goal. We're going to do the whole field. Yeah. And you're going to sprint it. Right? Yeah. And and there's a and and it matters who finishes last. Don't let the team down. Right? Yeah. And I remember I remember puking through my face mask. As we were running, I'm like I puked through my face mask and then kept running sprints and then puked again through through my face mask and kept running sprints. And there were guys like falling down that just couldn't, that couldn't get their legs to move. They're like jogging like one mile an hour just to finish. But the whole point is it's like building toughness and building and don't quit and get the fuck up. And we don't care that you puked through your face mask. I don't give a shit. There's vomit down the inside of your jersey. We don't care that none of this matters. This is how you win football games. Don't let your team down. You have to finish. Don't care if you're walking it and puking at the same time. You have to finish. And that's just toughness stuff. That's toughness stuff. You know? And I think that's something that I think that that's a huge element that a lot of people who want to be body builders miss. Yeah. Yeah. If you've never done that, if you've never experienced what that level is, then you're definitely missing something. I can say though also in reverse and this is something that I've experienced sense getting better after you and sick is realizing I want it back. I don't know what it will be. But really realizing like you realize it. I don't I don't never need to compete again. So don't ever get twisted on that. But missing that space because I had it my entire life with other sports and things. And I think there's something in men, meaning humans, that we must do something insanely hard on a relatively regular basis for our brain. I don't know about all of us, but for some of us, for some of us, there is. You know? Yeah. Because there's things. I mean like, it's and I don't know if you can identify with this wrong, but like now that I'm retired and not push, not even, I'm not don't do what I used to do. But you realize like when people are watching it's in my gym, I assume I'm probably still by far the strongest person there with the current standards. I'm thinking this is nothing. Like it makes you miss the insanity. You know, like I've done some hard stuff, but not every day. You know, for those days, you know, I mean you remember perhaps that's the best part of bodybuilding to me is getting that point where Chris had to tell me to only take the day and hour at a time because mentally it was all like it handled. Like if I tried to think of the whole day, he's like you will break down. You were too tired. Yeah. Just worried about 10 to 11. 11. Yeah. You think about 12. I missed that. A ton and I realized that. Yeah. Like just recently we had a whole conversation. I got to figure out something. I don't know what I'm going to do, but I want to go brutal again because that was living. Like because you get done with that and it's like, I mean it sounds pathetic. It was like slaying a drag and you get done and you're like what else? What can't do? I just did that. Yeah. You know, yeah. And you don't want to trade on what you used to be. Like that's the thing I woke up and I'm like, I got a lot of has been stories and I don't want to be that guy talking about freaking high school football when I'm 45 years old. Like do something now, you know? Yeah. You mean like I just did? I've been doing for two years straight. Yes, the exact same thing. Yes. Dave, Dave Tate was on the podcast recently and Bloodsputton gear. And he said that every year he does this brutal deadlift. He said first of all he hates deadlifting. He's like it's his least favorite exercise. But every year he'll do this like super high rep insane. And I'm sure you guys have seen video of Dave Train because he's one of those guys that has that in him that he needs to do something totally extreme. And he even said like as I know this isn't healthy for me. I know this isn't going to do anything good for me. But it's this is what I need to do. At least at every year he'll do this like around his birthday. He said, it doesn't have a specific day. But he knows somewhere around then he's going to do this. And I think it was on one of the deadlifts that he ended up going into the gym and he was there by himself. Nobody else was there. And he does this crazy like hundred reps or whatever. And he said the next thing he realized he had he had passed out. Like he literally had passed out and he woke up and he had crept his pants. I do like the first thing I did is I called John Meadows. I was like, you wouldn't believe the crazy set I just had. He was like, I cramped my pants. He was like, you want to see pictures? I'll send it to you and John was like, no, no, no, I don't want any pictures. And then the next day they were talking to somebody who was in the medical field nurse or something. She was like, listen, you don't, don't ever do that again. Especially you're not allowed to do that when you're alone. Like you literally could have stroked out there. That could have been really bad. But really actually wasn't a great set. Yeah. Yeah. I was excited. I went through a deadlift thing. I guess I would have been like 37 or 38. And I just happened to pull six plates on my birthday. It could happen to be back day. And I was training with someone new and we were deadlifting a bit. And I remember pulling six plates on my, and I've done like sets sets of reps with six plates. But that's when I'm like kind of deadlifting, you know, a little bit more often. So I pulled six plates and I was like, fuck, you know, it's awesome. And then like the following year, I thought, oh, that's my birthday. I want to pull see the plates again. And I did it. And I was like, oh, geez, now I have a tradition. And one decision. Yeah. Because six plates is a lot for me to deadlift. Like I know dusty, you know, reps that out. But for me, it was like for me to get three to five reps or it was like monster set. And I was as pulling it for a single on my birthday. You know, I would have practiced with my hips, not in the right spot, you know, right? And then I blew my quad in 2016 and you know, had to rehab it. And I remember 2018 came around. It had been, you know, almost two years, pretty much two years since I tore my quad. And I thought I got a pulse six plates again. And by this point in time, I'm in my 40s. Yeah. And I pulled it again. And then I was like, man, awesome. And then the following year, I think I was 45 years old. It was the last time I pulled six plates. And I pulled it. And it was like, probably the most dangerous deathlift I ever did. But I just did it. I just did it because I thought like, if I can do this, it 45 years old, I'll be okay with putting this away. And that's the last time I ever did lifted it. Okay. That's the clock. Yeah. Yeah. That's the hard part of my life is knowing. I'm not even 44. I can't remember. But yeah, I just, I said, you know what, there's no reason for me to deadlift anymore. I, I, I proved my point to myself after the quad tear I pulled it again. And that's enough. And if you can do that on your own terms, that's, yeah, mentally, that's a lot better because there's a whole psychology around getting taken out, you know what I mean against your against your will. Basically. Yeah. Yeah. So I can't remember exactly what I was lying for you, those, you know, when you realize, because what it was is there's been a few things in the last year that's like, I'm going to do this. Yeah. And I started to do them and I just didn't do them. And I'm like, was that hell am I? Like, I've never in my entire life spoken out loud that I was going to do something and didn't do it. It was like, it was like one of those things. I'm like, wow, I got to figure something out because either the thing I'm stating, I don't want bad enough or what it is or or you need to find that MFR in you again and bring them out because I think that skills get lost in anything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so when you sit back and you and you don't use those and it's funny. So I had all this conversations and literally out of nowhere and Nicky's like, you need to read this book. And she hands me David Goggins, most recent book. I'm like three chapters in and I'm like, oh, he had a whole thing in the book about it. No kidding about how he became this, you know, became what he is, everyone know him as and then he was touring and talking about being that killer and he wasn't that guy anymore. Dang. And having to figure out how to bring it back because he was finding excuses not to and oh, I got this and that and it was just classic. I'm like, oh, that's exactly where I'm sitting today. And you do, you just have to figure out for him. He literally put himself in a corner and it was, you know, the quick breakdown for people is it was a hundred mile race that someone asked him to do and he bounced around and bounced and he said it literally he would listen to his inner bitch explain all the reasons he shouldn't do it. And finally three days after the deadline the guy gave him, he decided he would do it, which was again, a sign of his inner bitch. He kind of purposely gave it a way to not do it. Yep. But then once he got into it and really rolled with it, he clicked back into gear, found a way and he had winning the whole thing like eight weeks later. But then he realized he goes, yeah, I can't lose track of that guy because it goes away. That's cool. You know, so it's something that I think if you wired that way, it is important because you realize like, oh, I'm soft. I've never been soft in my life. You know what I mean? And that's not a fun place to sit if you've always been the opposite. You know, when people know you as well, that's that crazy guy. You're like, ah, not really. It used to be. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. I got some fun stuff guys. So Ted from Patreon, he gave us each in overunder. All right. So this is tailored specifically one for each of us. He says, uh, over and under dusty. We'll start with you. Cubans cigars. Mine's easy because they're drastically overrated. Are they really? Because most of them here are fake. Oh. So that's the issue. And that's the hang up. And I'm not experienced enough to I could know the difference. Whereas an experienced cigar person would be able to easily go, oh, that's that real. So like when I went on my trip, I was literally told by my friends, like, do not buy any Cubans cigars and I can't even squash. No, no. You're good to go. You know, so that's that's the I have had actually a friend of mine sent me a phenomenal Cuban that was absolutely everything I've ever heard of. So I guess if you can get those ones. Yes. But okay. You probably can't. All right. Huh. No, what's what's what's so romantic about them? Just it their hand rolled by a Cuban who's oppressed by communism? It's funny that you say that because that was I think it became and this is again from an experienced person. I think it's exactly it. I think it's the same reason that you got to have a wolf pack bag. The McRib. Remember we talked about that people who are really into it don't have to. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, like never when I sat down with these guys who are getting me into cigars, they said, well, but you got to have this. They named a ton of cigars and it was never like you must have these Cuban cigars. Yeah. So I think the other thing is is like, I guess getting them here is a real issue. I don't know what the legality is. I don't want to miss speaking somebody. Yeah. But but that's the situation because yeah, I mean, and I can't say that the Cuban cigar had was not the best cigar I've ever had. So. Right. There's okay. Okay. Ron. Yeah. About less Paul, less Paul guitars. Ron. Well, I have a less Paul. It's right there on the wall. That's a fancy. That's a black one up there. That black B of G. Up there. That's a beautiful Gibson less Paul. So when he says less Paul, I'm assuming he needs a Gibson because Gibson also makes epiphon guitars and epiphon also has a less Paul. And their fantastic guitars, epiphones are great. They're much more affordable. But the Gibson's are handmade in the USA. So you know, you pay 25. You pay, you know, between, you know, 1533,000 for a Gibson less Paul. And you can get a really nice epiphon less Paul from between, you know, 500 and $1,200. And they're great guitars. Like you could give someone an epiphon less Paul and they'll rip on it for a decade. But the Gibson's are where the money is. They hold their value. You know, some of them go up and value. This one's actually gone up. So they're great guitars. But I would say they're overrated because there's a lot of great guitars. You know, there's a real romantic connection to a less Paul. That's why people want a less Paul. Jimmy Page played a less Paul. Slash plays a less Paul. Like you just name like, you know, 10,000 of your most idolized guitar players. And they all had a less Paul at one point. You know what I mean? There's just a real classic shape. They have a, you know, unmistakable body style. Yeah. You know, and then also to, you know, you know, less Paul's usually have humbucker pickups, which is a real hard rock pickup because a good tone. And so people want a less Paul. They're, they're very sought after. I love them. And then I think there's some of the most beautiful variety you can get like, you know, they're all different colors and styles of, of set up and, and they're amazing. But there's a lot of awesome guitars. It all sound great. And like, you don't need, you know, like the guitar play the most is my SG down there. The, that one right there that is actually the one that you'd see Angus Young played from AC DC. He plays an SG. So that's actually my number one guitar. But I would say they're overrated. Like people think if they get a less Paul, they're going to sound better. It's like, no, that's right here. Yeah, there's no suck. Yeah, you still suck. Yeah. But, but they're, they're very sought after because there's like a romantic connection with rock history. And, you know, you look through a rock history. And you see less Paul's just all over the place. And so that's why people want them. And they're fun to play and everything. But they, I'd say they're overrated and that, you know, sometimes I see them for sale. And I'm like, wow, okay, I was asking five grand for that. Like you can get like three really beautiful guitars for five grand that all sound awesome. Yeah. And, you know, there's all other brands, you know, there's, you know, I've been as and, you know, PRS and all these other other companies that make great guitars, you know, fender makes lots of great styles. And there's this all sorts of stuff. So I would say overrated, there's just a real, you know, sort of a historical legacy with the Les Paul. So that's why people want them. Okay. And they did do sound great, but there's lots of great guitars, like I said, you know, they got, yeah, he says he's been waiting for. He says, Glock's and he says, FYI, I have a strong opinion on this one in there. There is her right answer. So I did, I did ask him what his opinion was. And he said he is a Glock fan and that he was a former cop and that he carried a Glock. I'm going to guess it was in the 90s because he had a Glock 23, which is when they went to 40 K. A lot of the, the cops switched to 40 K for a while. And then they went back to 9 millimeter. I would say, so there's a thing is that there are people out there that are so pro Glock that Glock is the only gun. And then there are people that are completely anti Glock. And they're like, ah, it's a, they call it a block. Because it's, it's kind of, it, it doesn't have a lot of personality. It's a very utilitarian weapon. I personally, I would say they are underrated. I would say that I have, and I have my first gun was a Glock 23. I got a Glock 23C in the 90s, back during the, the weapons band or during the magazine band. So they had, they had, it only had 10 round magazines when I got it. And then when I got back into guns, I got a Glock 43X, which is a real compact, little carry gun. And then I got a Glock 45, which is a 9 millimeter, but it holds 17 plus one. And so I've got three Glocks. But I don't think that they're the end of the world. Like they are a great gun. They're super reliable. That's, that's going to be the number one thing. They're super reliable. They're super easy to use. You're not going to, you're not going to get jams with them. You know, they're going to, they're going to work always. And I would say for that reason, if you're going to depend your life on one gun, I would definitely probably an, an a carry gun. I think a Glock would be it. But there's a lot of good guns out there. So, you know, I, I think you go with the same. You know, you want a jammer? No. I want a jammer? What's the, what, what famous gun? Like, is there a, a really, you know, like one of the downsides of Les Pauls is a lot of them are actually kind of heavy. People joke, people joke about Jimmy Page being kind of bent. They're like, you know, Jimmy, Jimmy had that old, that old Les Paul for, like, you know, 20 years, strap to them. And these Spines crooked now, you know, like there's just about that one bad hip from the way that the guitar on that side. What, is there, is there any famous gun that that you think like, is like, why does this famous? It jams all the time? Desert Eagle. Desert Eagle jams constantly. Like, it's a 50 cow. So it's, you know, and it's in all the movies. And I still want one, you know, but they're, they're like two grand to get a desert Eagle for like a cheap one. If you want to get, you get, like, here's what I want. You can get them gold with tiger stripes. I want that desert Eagle. That would be the bomb. It's like your cartel gun, but they're terrible, I guess. They jam all the time. They also make a 357 desert Eagle too, right? They do. In fact, you can switch the barrel out after you get the desert Eagle for like $1,000, you can buy a different barrel. And you can get the 44 as well. So, yeah, you can swap those up. But they're most noted for being their 50 cow, you know, but yeah, those things they jam all the time. There's no practical use for one. Like, you wouldn't want to have that for home protection, you know, anything like that. Well, what's second? Yeah. Yeah. So you're my, you're stumbling you. You muted it for Jed. Oh, I don't want to be fixing my neighbor's drywall and giving them a new dog. Right. Exactly. The whole house. Yeah, you know, your neighbor beyond that, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. You got a couple dead neighbors here. I remember home defense case. Right. Yeah. All right. We had some more over and under. So we could go, oh, yeah, one more two air friars for all of us. I would say, man, I know we're not supposed to say accurately rated, but I think they're accurately rated. I thought for sure, that's what you're going to say on the clock. So I have very limited air friars experience Emily bought one. Yeah. Just so she can make yam fries. They're so good, right? And so I would say that, you know, I would say for me overrated because it's literally been on the counter for a year and I've never used it myself once. But whenever she makes yam fries, I'm like, oh, make some for me. There's so good. Hope you made a lot. Yeah, home with you, Ron. I think there it's it's overrated because you don't like, it's not a survival situation. Like if you ask a little luxury, if everyone in the world that everyone in the world said that a rice cooker was the greatest thing on earth, I would still call it underrated because it is amazing. Yeah, but yeah, I don't like we have, I think I have two of them. And they're right up there and we've lived here for four months. I know where they are. I probably should dust them. Let's about it. I will say, I got to give, I got to give a shout out to a kitchen item that I neglected for a very long time and I just pulled it out of storage recently and I used it again and I was like, wow, the slow cooker. Oh, they're so good. What did you make? So a friend of mine at the gym gave me a buys and roast and a moose roast. What a big roast. Does he have a podcast? Sorry. Actually, he gave me as a different guy. He just gave me a whole bunch of deer sausage that he made. The mindful hunter. So I got to give a shout out to the mindful hunter. He just gave me a big bag of like stuff that he made for me. I haven't even sorted through all of it yet. So it looks amazing. But that's that's prime stuff. But my buddy Mirko gave me a moose roast and a buys and roast and I was like, I got to dig out the slow cooker for these. Yeah. Yeah. And I went to cook the buys and roast the other day and I realized I didn't really have anything. Like, you know, you're supposed to put some potatoes in and some beef broth and make a stew like I was like, yeah, can I just cook this roast by itself like with nothing? So I looked and they said on Google, all you need is a cup of water. Yeah. And I was like, huh, how's this going to taste? Just put a roast in and pour a cup of water in there. And that's how I better put some seasoning salt. So I just heavily seasoned it. And then I just pressed start. And then 10 hours later I came back and it had fallen apart. Oh, you inside the cooker. So good. And I pulled it out and started. I was like, oh my god. I can't easy was that. Yeah. Unbelievable. And I just the slow cooker. Yeah. It was just, I don't know. Maybe the first date didn't go too well or something. But I just pushed it to the back of the cupboard. Yeah. Yeah. But she's not fast, but she gets the job done right. Yeah. I'm certain you appreciate that nice, you know, nice scroller now. We don't need it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're a long game, long game. Yeah, long game. There you go. I'm still younger than you. So I'm a pressure cooker guy. Get it. Oh, okay. You're an already. All right. We had a few more. You see, sumas with us who has visited West Coast. I earn a fact. Maybe Bill Grimich there. And I always mentioned that he's on he's a member of Mensa. Yes. That's right. He's got a crazy story, too. Like of being somebody who had a really tough life growing up to being like a high level executive, traveling all over the world and stuff. So he's smart dude. Crazy. Crazy. Sorry. Okay. Overrated underrated blue light blocking glasses. Well, I feel like I'm losing my eyesight. So maybe I should have been using these for the last 20 years. So I don't really know much. Maybe I should be getting them. I don't know. Are the overrated or underrated? You guys tell me? I don't feel like people go on and on about them. So by default, that makes them underrated. Right. You're working. But I don't use, I have great vision and don't use anything. So by default, in Scott's dealing with glasses, Scott's answer is correct. And he's saying that they're overrated. So go on. I'm going to say the real for rated. And these are blue light blocking. By the way, they just add the coding in now. I guess. They're like, in fact, I just got another pair of glasses on order right now because I usually wear plastic frames. And then these are like my other glasses. And I was like, I wanted to get some new plastic frame glasses. So when I was at the store ordering, I'm there like, you want the blue blocker for free. I was like, well, yeah, okay. I'll take it. So is it that important? Well, here's the deal. Is that, you know, it's it's important for sleep hygiene is the term, you know, that when when we have a blue light entering our eyes at in the evening time, that stops us from turning off the, what you call dopamine and turning on the serotonin so that we can begin to relax. So at nighttime to improve your sleep hygiene, you want to block blue light. So you don't want to block the light all day, which doesn't make sense to me then why you have it built in my glass is all the time. But you do, you want to basically, you want to avoid it, especially at night. So watch it in Danube. Well, it's, yeah, it's not damaging, but it's, it's, it's not helpful to like the, you know, the rest system where like two hours before it's been like, you're, yeah, yeah, physically. No, no, yeah, it's not damaging. So there's that. So the idea is that you're supposed to, you know, have the lights down low to hours before bed, not watch bright screens, you know, not have bright lights on all that stuff. And that's part of getting ready for sleep in blocking blue light as part of that. So that's what it's really there for. I think I break some rules. You know what I do often right before bed. I play like fucking heavy ass black Sabbath riffs through my headphones for like an hour straight. Yeah, that's the opposite. That's the opposite. Oh, you're supposed to go up. And then I go, oh, shit, it's like 12 30. I should go to bed and I take my headphones off and I put unplugged my guitar and I go to bed and I'm like, you probably probably five minutes, right? Yeah, I don't know. Maybe take a little like my baby. That's amazing. Okay, digestive enzymes. That's an operated. Yep. I'm going to go underrated on this one. I think so. I think so. I think a little contrary in here. No, I think there's been I think there's benefit that I wish I had digestive enzymes in my life when I was pushing, you know, tonic calories when I was younger and my guts were all screwed up. Granted, I could have made better food choices too. There is that. But I think they could be helpful. I think they can be helpful for women with like, you know, hormonal issues and stuff like that. So I'm glad they're in my life. I'll say that. So I just talked about it in her hormonal issues just now. It's like, wow, wow, you got to work on this. Wow. Wow. This is get me in trouble here. My take with digestive enzymes is digestive enzymes go on the list of things that a large number of body builders worry about and they don't eat even remotely enough food to even think there's an issue. Like, you know what I mean? It's sort of like when you see people spending $500 a month on tissue therapy and cupping and then you look at the train and you're like, you don't even train hard. What do you need all this therapy for? Just land like, couch or fine. Yeah, that guy doesn't need all this. Yeah, like so many people they're like, oh, I do this in this and this and this and this. I look at their diet and I'm like, if you can't absorb like you're like a 210 pound guy, this is just a normal amount of food. If you can't digest this, you have something wrong with you. No, I don't know. That's how I feel. You're broken. If you need to understand your broken, the only thing I will add is I put it on my list of supplements I suggest to clients. But I tell them if you're digesting food fine, you're about it. Yeah, right. If we have any issue with the food I've got you on, these will definitely help you. And I have some clients that notice a huge difference on them, and some even when I put them in they're like, nothing. Well, then don't buy them anymore. Like, yeah, yeah, it's kind of like, there's definitely is that they're talented or upgraded. You know, if you have a headache, no, it's underage. It's underage. You know, during that time. So yeah, that's what it is. Because I do think you're right, Ron, that there is a bunch of things that people just like, what do I need to start and I'm like, yeah, Costco membership? Bottletown fruit. Yeah, it's a heck of a ton of things. You need some 23 ones to be honest with you. So 23 ones. 21, you know, you're going to need some three season cases. Those are the best advice I've heard on this show. That's the advice I've heard of. What do I need to start a Costco membership in a bottle of test? Well, the bottle of the league son. Really come on now. You give me a guy with decent genetics and then you give another guy, a decent genetics and you have him start with all the vitamins and the supplements and the massage. And then my guy gets a Costco membership in a bottle of test. Who's going to make more gains? I was going to make my money on Ron's guy. 50 pounds per year. Oh, man. Okay, let's put at least dubstep over. Oh, God. Raccoons fucking in garbage cans. Victoria says robots having sex. Don't even believe that. What? Yeah, that's got his feet. We could demonetize for that sentence. Victoria says robots having sex. Robots having sex. Okay. Yeah, that's definitely it. Wait. Wait. Yeah. Yeah. Here's the thing. I love dubstep. But if I were to, if I were to hang out with people that would love to dubstep, I wouldn't. You haven't loved it as much. Yeah. Yeah. I love the music. But the whole culture around it is just. I just feel like when it's my thing and it's just me. I'm good with it. But when it's like part of a bigger picture, I'm not as good with it. So okay. Okay. Yeah. I could take this way off. So I'm going to stop. Not speak. No more. You know, you know, hi. I, I, I, I, I generally, I try to appreciate everything. I try to appreciate music generally. Like, you know, I love music. And I love all different parts of music. And people people have this misconception that I listen to metal. Like, people think I'm a metal head. I'm like, non, not a metal head. Like, I don't really like any new metal. Like, almost none of it. You know, I listen all sorts of like the other day for like the last two days of my truck. I'm listening to the talking heads. Okay. Like, you know, burning down the house. Yeah. You know, psychocillar, you know, such a good song too. Great songs. What a great. They essentially started the new wave movement. You really did in the 70s. You know, they were, they were a really unique band. And I, I love their catalog. So I've been listening to the talking heads lately just on my own time. But the thing with, with electronic music is, is I just, I can't get past that there's no one physically playing instruments. And I, I don't know if that's just because I see music as such a physical thing. Like, it was always part of my motivation and part of like, I don't know. There's just something like about seeing a guy like sweating. Well, he's like, I was watching old, all these old Stevie Ray Vaughn clips on Instagram the other day of him playing guitar, you know, and he's just dripping and sweating. His cowboy hat's dripping and his shirt soaked in its stuck to him. And he's just wailing on his guitar. His fingers are moving so fast. His sweat dripping off his fingers. And I'm just like, man, that, that's just like, that's what I need. I need that. I need to know that that's happening for the music to be created. So the, the kind of the pushing of button and like, oh, I have a beat in my head. I'm going to create it. But, but, but, but slide this press. It's for all of this. It's, it's, it's, it's just something that, and I don't want to say like it shitter anything because I know, I don't like, I love that people love that music. You know, Emily loves house music. Disco houses her favorite genre. She can dance to disco house all the day. And I actually don't mind what you put to it on because there's bass lines in it. Yeah. You know what I mean? And like, I can see a guy playing bass standing in a studio just funky his shit. This is just funky, just go bass line. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, and I'm like, I don't mind this. But for the most part, I need someone to like make the music. There has to be like a struggle in the music. And I don't know why, but that's just how I am. Yeah. I get that. I get that. They make sense. It's where you're connected to music, too. I love music growing up. Like as a kid, I absolutely love music. In fact, I would say that at a certain point, like if you didn't like good music, we couldn't be friends. Like I could not understand. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like if there was a certain point in my life that like if you didn't like good music, you know, like, oh, listen to top 40, I'd be like, oh, okay, weirdo. You know, like I really couldn't connect to those people. And after I got clean, like a lot of what I loved about music, like I just stopped. And for a long time, I was like, oh, shit. This is uncomfortable and weird. And I would occasionally listen to like the music I used to listen to. And I would listen to like hard rock when I train, just because it like gets you up, you know what I mean? And I'd listen to it for that purpose. But like I'd never just like sit in my car and listen to music. I'd listen to a podcast or somebody talking or something, radio show. But right, then when I discovered dubstep to me, it was something different. And I, I, there was something about it that I connected to. Not all dubstep because there's all sorts of it. The stuff I like is like, yeah, it splintered into other subgenres, didn't. Yeah. Yeah. So the stuff I like is like really like grimy, nasty, dirty stuff that's like it's, it's exceptionally ugly in very like avant-garde. Like it'd be really hard to access if you weren't into it. You know what I mean? And I appreciate that. I'll find something to it. Sometimes it takes a description like that for me to like, okay, I want to hear this now. Yeah. Yeah. I want to see the dirty net. I just, I was just listening to my, like what if we're talking about it? I'm into those things too. Yeah. But in a different way, I was like, hey, that's the thing. And then for real though, then all of a sudden I was like, oh man, this like completely got me into music again. And I still only would listen to it when I'm training. But otherwise, if I were listening to it like driving on the street, I might like, you know, I'll break the law. You know what I mean? Like in a real man way, two times a week, kind of way. Yeah. So yeah. But it's, yeah. It definitely like woke my music tastes back up. So yeah. That's cool. And I don't expect anybody to like it. Like I also get how weird it is. So I'm like, you know, like it. No, I totally understand. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like to use the passion to your old life and music. Yeah. You just connected with. Yeah. You don't mean like that, those things were happening at the same time. Yeah. And a lot of the stuff that resonated with me was really self destructive, you know, like early on being like Nirvana and then later being like very, you know, self deprecating like, you know, Indy Rock, you know, things that, you know, I mean, if you remember back in like the late 90s, I was out in Seattle for a little while and I got the t-shirt from subpop in the front of the shirt said loser, you know, like that's right. I literally said it. One point in my life. I said, I never got an attitude, but if I were to get one, I would get one on the back of my neck that said born to loose. Like that's literally the way I felt. And so when I got clean, like all of that changed and it has got those things, you know, those things I connected with didn't make sense to me anymore. Like I, you know, so it just, it was a different place. I sort of relate in a way. Like I remember liking certain bands because I was dating a girl and that was kind of our bands. And then we broke up. Yes. And when when when I tried to put that album on again, I was like, I don't want to listen to this anymore. Like I still love this band. And you know, I might try their next album down the road if they do another one, but but for now, I just, I just don't, I just don't want to hear, I mean, you know, I just don't want to listen to this anymore for a while. And I just had to like put it away and not really listen to those albums for a while. And so I, I know that's a different situation. But I'm identical. Yeah. It's like exactly like that. Yeah. Yeah. Whereas like when you say Nirvana and like that sort of stuff, I have nothing but a positive attachment to it. Yeah. My high school experience driving out with my friends and high school and learning to play guitar and like my first song ever I learned was about a girl by Nirvana, right? Yeah. So I got this all this positive attachment to it. The so it's, it's interesting, you know, but I guess, I mean, that's, I mean, there's a lot of listeners that probably relate to what you just said, man. Yeah. Yeah. That's all we got, guys. That's all we had in questions. You know, we ended, we ended on like a really like actual philosophical topic. You know, I like that. That was pretty good. We did all right, boys, for episode 200, you tell us how we did episode 200. We don't even have a sign or anything. Scott can put some balloons. Yeah. Like, uh, when you type when you type happy birthday on eye message now and you send some balloons. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we can, you can pepper the episode with graphics. If you like, I would have to spend all my time editing out the Volgaity though. By the time I'm done with that, my fingers will be sore. And you got to leave the one. Yeah. You have to leave the one. Yeah. I think they're lightening up a little, little. Right. I think they're got us this time. Yeah. It's like, you know, it's all through. Yeah. Yeah. It's like when the kids act up a lot, they got it up down for a little while. I think that's what it is. Yeah. Hannah, no intentions. Yeah. That are Google's just not getting their money and they're like, you guys got this kind of monetizing more stuff. Or shit. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're busy. We're busy. We're busy shooting down your foes now. Yeah. Right. Right. Right. Right. Just busy distracting you guys with other things. Yeah. Oh. So. So. Okay. Thank you very much to everyone for 200 episodes. And thanks to you guys for 200 episodes. You know, I can't believe we've done 200. I mean, to be fair and I'm not saying it has anything to do with weed. But I don't remember almost any of them. I did miss some of them. You missed a few. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. You were even here for all 200. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. Yeah. So, you know, it's a good one. Okay. Oh, I'm not going to be here next week. Anybody who's still watching this, go to elite FTS go to their table talk podcast on Monday. I'm going to be hanging out with Dave Tate and down to elite. He invited me up. Come on us podcast. So you guys tune in that way. We have like at least a couple listeners live. You know what I'm saying? So I'm going to complete the dumb. You know, I would love to. So we're not doing a show next Monday. Then is what you're saying? Yes. I got a we can figure something out. Well, as we've talked, if you want to say no. Right. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm doing that. Yeah. Perfect. Can you do us a favor? Me? Who's you? Yeah. Yeah. What's that? Can you can you see if Dave Tate everyone's to come on this show? Yeah. Yeah. I'd be happy to. It'd be cool. Yeah. Be fun. I mean, I could message myself. I'm not an invalid, but you're actually letting out a thumb. And then you can get that eye to eye contact where you can guilt him into saying yes. Whereas on an Instagram message, you might be able to like delay answering for a few days. See, busy. That's sort of thing. Yeah. Do it right before you start his or right when you're done. Or during it. But during it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to put you on the spot. Dave, but we really want to over at your right. And then you got to go like this right? Yeah. Yeah. You do your right around. Get them to say yes, right? Yeah. It's the upside. I learned that as a bartender. Right? Someone says, you want to run in Coke. You go double Bacardi Coke. Oh, yeah. Double Bacardi Coke. Yeah. I don't even drink. I'll have it. But I'll take that. Or $10, please. Yeah. And a good day, everyone. We hope that the last 200 episodes. Do you think Dave, what do you think the number one lesson they've learned? I don't know. What's the number one thing that you guys have learned? What has this show been good for? I don't know if we wanted to dig too deep on that. Never mind. Don't go too deep. I need you back next week. Just drive the drive to work. Yeah. That's a good. That was a show that I lent. The drive gas. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Full last podcast. Come out. Yeah. Yeah. Full podcast. There it is. Oh, she's the truth. Okay. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I am mutant.com discount code Bigron 20 or dusty 20, right? Get 20% off. Actually, with Dusty's you get 21% off. And also remember the Patreon. You know, yeah, you know, Scott does a lot of work on this channel. Thousands of hours of podcast logged. And like I said, you know, five, five spot, a tuna, a tenor, whatever you want to throw at us. It's like a make wish to foundation because I'm doing this. The cleanup runs. Yeah. A dollar $7 per episode. Yeah. It's pretty good. I'll take that. Yeah. I'm trying to become more aware of my verbiage. You're doing good. You're doing good. You're doing good. You're probably here's when I bet you probably are you noticing it in everyday life. Where are you? No. Okay. I that's what I wonder. I was like, I can only do it during this hour. Okay. I was wondering if it was something that would carry through where you're like, no, okay. So I'm carry through no lessons. It's exactly the heat. I screamed that was a long episode. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Like I said, I don't even remember the 200 episodes. I can't remember any lessons learned on them. I have no takeaway at all, Scott. So I hope they stay tuned to this end park because this is all really good stuff. Okay. Five minute crew. Leave your questions. The last five minute crew. Remember the YouTube questions get priority. The Patreon questions get priority. So hit us up. Get some good ones in. We love the overrated underrated. I like the personalized ones. That was good. Okay. Thanks guys. Next time you see us will be episode 201. Yes. Which we've already recorded. Which is weird. So blowing minds. Rolling minds. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember it's just bodybuilding. All right. Cool. Yeah. Great. Next was a good. I think the day was good. It was good. I'm fired. It was fun. I had fun. That's all that matters. Me too. Watching. Okay. Next week. Yeah. I am going to be. I'm going to be. I have to leave Sunday to record on Monday. If you guys wanted to do something live on Wednesday, I could do that. Or I could put out episode 201 next Wednesday. We could do either of those two things. I'm good with that. I'm good. Let's stay on. Let's stay on course. I don't have anything booked for the 22nd. I'm going for Wednesday. Okay. Which is live episode. I'll put 10 a.m. Excellent. Okay. Thanks. Thank you guys. Thank you. Bye.