That's big business, you know, these factories that make these laws in China don't. They're not there to make steroids for laws. Yeah, they're making it for big farmer. So yeah, you know, is there gonna be an issue with the farm zoo industry getting hard with tariffs? Potentially, yeah. Is your T.R.T. test gonna go on? What's up guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossley. I'm Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by evalblutanalysis.com. You can get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK. And if you're on cycle then you should definitely be doing your labs. And if you're in the UK then you can do your labs with Dave where brought to you by truenutrition.com. Use our code think over there for high quality third party test and supplements. I just got some cookie butter protein. Got the pure way isolate. Check it out. Great flavor and you know basically wholesale pricing. Use our code think over there. Of course, supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change from week to week. Just check them out. If you're in Canada go over there and see if they've got a guarantee they got something that you want. It's only gonna be like 10 or 15 bucks which is on herd of today in the world of supplements. And straw sports nutrition go over to stromstports.com and you can get some great health stacks. If you're on cycle and you're in the UK then you're gonna need to hit up strom. Dave, what's going on man last episode. Last couple episodes have been doing really well dude. People have been engaging with them. Thank you guys for all your comments. It's things are going good man. People are enjoying the show. I know. I just remembered something. Oh, I'm writing it down. Dave also warned me too guys he was like listen. I haven't made any coffee at all today running on zero cafe and there's going to be more yawning than usual. Which is generally a pretty good amount of yawning. So it's going to be funny. I don't think it's just time of day. Yeah, I just get to these times during the day and it's not. I need to not enough. Morning for me mid-afternoon for you. We did want to talk about the last couple shows before we did though. I had something that I wanted to ask you your thoughts on. Of course, this is just opinion. Listeners, I want to hear what you've heard too. Our tariffs going to affect underground gear. Our tariffs going to affect raw compounds from China. What are we dealing with here? It's not as big of a problem for you in the UK, but here in the US tariffs are putting everything on its head right now. So there's actually, I mean, UGL rods, their illegal products sold under the black market, there's no tariffs. I mean, he just doesn't exist. But China also is one of the biggest producers of raw pharmaceutical powders from the pharmaceutical industry as well. Of course. Yeah. And that's big business. You know, these factories that make these rods in China don't. They're not there to make steroids for those domestic law. Yeah. Thank you. They're making it for big farmer. So yeah, you know, is they going to be an issue with the pharmaceutical industry getting hard with tariffs potentially? Yeah, is your T.R.T. test going to go up? No, there's a possibility. I mean, I don't know how significant Chinese raw import is in the pharmaceutical world, but considering the size and number of factors they have, I suspect it is rather decent. I would too. I'm going to do a search. How? How are we where this? How? How much percentage of pharmaceutical rules are produced in China? Okay. Yeah. All right. Let's see what we got here. Okay. There's mainly just articles. Nothing is just jumping out. What percentage of drugs? How about that? Oh, this doesn't sound. Oh, no way. So this is obviously just a quick little blurb on Google. It says US pharmaceutical production estimates that 54% use manufacture, finished pharmaceuticals, consumed in the United States are produced in China. Okay. No, no, no, no, wait, wait. Consumed in the US are produced here. Where's here? It says only 6% are sourced in China. That doesn't sound right. You do a search day. You see you come up with. I'd be curious. Oh, okay. I got a graph here. I got a chart. Um, the USP medicine supply map and analysis chart shows the India is 48% China is 13% the US is 10%. So it's saying the India is bigger all around. Okay. Why aren't we getting our bras from India then? Like, do they maybe they have different, I mean, we're just, I'm shooting from the hip here Dave. I literally don't know, but are they looser with their regulations in China? Because we did, you know, we just talked the other week about how there's these mom and pop hormone producers that were all shut down in China recently. Maybe they just had loose regulations, though, and they were able to get away with it, you know? I've always found that what happens. Right. Okay. So APIs are what is active pharmaceutical ingredients. Okay. China makes 40 to 50% of the world's APIs and 70 to 80% of the world's APIs. Both the global generic drugs. Diana can the live stream says a different number. He says 20% of global APIs. But hey, 20 to 40% either way is a lot, I guess. But it's not as big as I thought. You don't even mean. Right. So the USA FDA has reported that about 13% of the registered API manufacturers are based in China. That's only part of the picture because many non-U.S. drug companies rely heavily on Chinese ingredients. Sure. Supplement industry, I'm sure, as a whole, you know? Over 90% of antibiotics such as penicillin and its derivatives come from China. Great. So we're screwed. We're screwed. Don't get sick, people. That's the key. So yeah, it would look like there's this quite significant level of raw production. I think the issue is, complete drugs. I don't think China has a huge share of the market. But ingredients for drugs, they appear to have. Yeah. So okay, I talked to a couple sources today. Well, I spoke to one today, client-amined, spoke to another yesterday. And I just spoke to a supermod from a major source forum who is going to dig into this. He's getting some more information. He's talking to a big supplier. I heard a mixed message. Number one, a high level underground or generic growth distributor in the U.S. has said that they are unable to get supplies due to tariffs. They're closed down for the next two weeks. I don't understand. And that's what led me to dig into this. I spoke to another source, just a source of all products. He had said, no, man. He was like, there is no reason just as U.S. a day because this is an underground market. They're not going through normal custody chains, right? So unless the manufacturing process is somehow being impacted. So China's just not making as much of the shit. You know, it's got nothing to do with the fact of getting this shit here. It's just the fact that they're not making as much. But my understanding was for a lot of this, there were a few large manufacturers that provided raw antibiotics for the black market. But there were literally thousands of agents. Yeah, yeah. So speaking to the representatives, and this seems to be a Chinese thing where someone will will act as an agent for several companies selling all sorts of modern, wonderful shit. I mean, I remember speaking to a supplier years ago about medical equipment. Chinese agent. And it was like, oh, well, if you want this, I also represent this company. You know, it's like, it's just a one-man shop, but he didn't work for any of the companies. He would just go to them with, I've got a customer that wants XYZ. What price can you give me on this? Yeah. Then come back to the customer and go, it's going to cost takes them out and he's bought his bit on top. And that seemed to be a very common way of the Chinese trading outside of the country broken the peak. Yeah, people would have regular jobs and then they would do brokerage on the side. Yeah. For numerous things. And the unabolic scene seems to be very much the same way, and that because I know when I've ordered peptides, and I order my peptides for what I use personally, direct from China. And I'll say, you know, can I get this this in this? And she's in right. I'll have to point by the factories of more than see what I can. So it's like, well, you obviously don't work that. So I spoke speaking to the same supermarket. And this was in regard to our episode that came out recently with Tim from Australia. You know, we did have feedback where people are like, oh, man, this is completely bold. All the gears good nowadays and speaking to this guy, the supermodus, longtime veteran, you know, and has a good inside pitch. He had said so on the note, and this kind of tied in with the pre-mo issues that we had, there were a series of shutdowns that happened. And the way he said this worked out was that there were a lot of smaller mom and pop raw producers that had been shut down. And he said that a lot of these places, they weren't operating under normal guidelines when the Chinese government looked into it. He was like, he couldn't even locate a lot of these companies. So they literally just went town to town and started tracking these people down and shutting facilities down. As a result, it did create kind of, you know, a bottle knack or a reduction in production. So we're kind of hearing some different stuff. You know, you heard the story about the bad pre-mo, and that being the cause, I'm hearing that there were shut downs. Whatever the case as a result, pre-mo production is lower, you know, or pre-mo on the end user market is lower right now. It's still available. There have been some issues a major company in the U.S. I think they're actually sorry, international. But a company that supplies end users, you know, checks all their stuff. They do a really good job. But apparently they got hit because with a lot of these companies that were these smaller companies that were shut down, they've sent out basically bunk stuff to try to recoup some of their losses. So, you know, we had a listener on Patreon who just was on Blitz Whittengear. And he was like, hey, I'm taking test in pre-mo. My estrogen looks like this. It's out of control. What do you guys think the deal is? And Andrew said, you know, I think that your pre-mo might be fake. You know, anyway, it turns out he finds out he's sent it out to GenoShik and it was. It was completely fake. And that was an issue with this major supplier. And it turns out that they got hit. So information is out on a company called Geno. We'll just leave it at that. That they got hit, you know, and everybody who purchased the bad stuff, they're getting recouped and all that. But, you know, it does happen basically. Yeah, there was four to five loves hit with bad rules and the UK all from the same manufacturer. The whole use in the same supplier. Yeah, I know one love just sees trading completely. They're just like the lost old faith in being able to get legit gear. I think the others have traded through it. But, yeah, there was definitely there was four to five loves affected with it. With it. Well, I don't even think it was a bad batch. It was several wars that were doing weird shit. Mm-hmm. Really? Okay. Yeah, so the prima was causing horrendous pit and infections and all sorts of problems. And then the test was doing weird stuff. And yeah, there was about four to five different types of antibiotics that seem to be affected. Some two are lesser or more tolerable degree than others. Yeah, but yeah, I mean, it seems to have been resolved that one now. But I'm not sure what a couldn't stay at play isn't. That said, I think the market is pretty good overall. So I don't want to just slant it as in, you know, that you've got a, you know, it's not like a Russian relate. I think when you're getting gear, like there's a lot of good stuff out there in the market. But, you know, you know, I, so overall, I think that we're good. We did, you know, it's just, sorry, kind of just, yeah, yeah, yeah. And this is no attack on anyone. I've known labs just simply fuck up where they've labeled, oh yeah. Propers test-end. You know, or vials have got mixed up. I know a lab that pushed a lot of them test out as test-end. Got it mixed up, but the wrong bloody labels on it. Oh, it was all sorted, but accidents do genuinely just happen as well. So there is that side of things as well. And going back to Tim, he's in Australia. Yeah, they got a camera off over there. Yeah, Starry supply is difficult over there. It's not easy to get gear. There is a lot of crap about in that market place because of the difficulty getting the drug. There's not a huge amount of homegrown suppliers. And penalties are particularly harsh if you get caught. So as a result, it does open the market up to people to abuse it, because people can't get it. So, you know, people will sell all sorts of crap. Yeah. So I don't think Australia would be a fair representation of the quality of gear that says in the states. Absolutely. I think the quality in both those scenarios would be higher. Canada as well, I'd put them right up there. They have the same laws as you guys, where, you know, good lots of personal action is, is, you know, is Lee as okay. Hey guys, future Scott here editing the show. Listen, I want to make sure we are abundantly clear. The gear market is going to be just fine. Don't fall victim to fear mongering. I saw a source post this week that pre-miles on available. And masked is next. You know, we're heading into hard times, but thankfully, we have ample supplies. You know, get your supplies while they last. And it's, you know, a marketing tactic old this time. I promise you guys, the market is going to be just fine. So please don't spend more than your means. And, you know, focus on your training and your diet. Those are really the things that are going to make the difference. Also, while I got you here, if you haven't liked the show, then please hit the like button and leave us a comment for the next one. Questions all that stuff. Let me know what you think of this episode. So anyway, we do have a bunch of listener questions, guys. And as I was saying, we had a lot of really great feedback on the last episode. But we was interesting to me to hear, because I thought this might happen. I was kind of like, I don't know how people are going to take this show. Because we, you know, the topic was minimal effective dose to make cycle like gains. And I think most people got it, but we did a couple people there like, oh my gosh, man, you're telling me 250 tests is the minimum to make, you know, cycle gains. Like, I really like your show, but I don't agree with you guys. And it's just an interesting place because 20 years ago, it would have been said that 500 was the absolute minimum. Don't even mess around. You know what I mean? And now it has swung so far back. So I can't complain that people are learning the low dosing. We had another guy Dave, who was like 40 to 60 Annavar. Because I think I mentioned that that was in the study of Scott Stephenson showed us, that that was like the high end, like maximum effective dosing where you're going to get the most amount of progress. This guy said 40 to 60 Annavar, how many weeks on that before your kidneys fall out? I think I'm like, oh my gosh, like, are we in a world now? We're 40 to 60 var is it which it's high dose, you know, but it's not in my appearance. I would say 100 high dose. Yeah, I would agree. I'm with you 100% on that man. I would say 46 to sort of 30 to 60 years where your dosing would be if you wanted to have a decent effect. Yeah, I mean, a lot of these down to individual personal experiences, isn't it? But I mean, it used to be the start cycle was 40 to 500 milligrams. That's it, don't deal. Any lower you don't bother with. Yeah, people have accepted what I find ironic as well is you've got somebody who feels at 250 miggies, not high dose, but not a low dose when it comes to testosterone. Yeah. And yet you've got TRT clinics in the state, dosing people at 2 to 300 miggies. 300. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm with you. You know, 100% of the man. There's a certain confusion there isn't the many things I will wish is it. I think part of it too that's changed has been the the user has also changed. The demographic of people who are using has broadened, you know, years ago when we talked about the 500 test or nothing, like everybody who is using was generally not always, but generally more advanced, a lot of people were competing, a lot of people were really pushing pushing and they'd been in this game for a long time. You know, I talked to, I got one thought Dave, and I was just trying to remember, I was going to say without forgetting it. Go up. Okay. And because I spoke to Steve at one point about this, you know, he had put out a video where he said five milligrams of anavar is all you need. Like five? And like I said, we looked at this research 40 to 60. I think 60 was the high endocing of like maximum gains. And but Steve's perspective was this, he was like, yeah, man, but a lot of the people who were watching this stuff on YouTube, they're not that high level bodybuilder. These guys are guys that are in TNT, they're looking for a little additional boost. Yeah, dude, you'll feel five milligrams of anavar. You know what I mean? Like you'll get some pumps from it. You'll probably get some level of benefit morale will be better. Strength may go up. But it's a different story to actually growing new. Oh, the key word. T-Shill. That was what I was going to saw a torch on. Do you think that people's expectations or what they feel is viable or realistic from a cycle has lowered? Huh. Yeah, I don't know. Going back to when I was cutting my teeth. So we're talking 30 four years ago. It's like the 90s are we talking? We're talking like the 90s. Yeah, we're talking about the late 80s early 90s. Wow. Yeah old shit. I know. It was a young buck back then. Yeah, a sculpture of the head. That's about then. Yeah. I was, man, I remember it was a good, good era, you know. Yeah, they were thinking about settling down at that point. You know. Now, I, I worked at a gym. My name is gym. I worked at Melonyship. You got kicked out of Melonys eventually. I heard. Yeah, that's it. That's why I started there when I was 16 beyond the counter. Okay. Just I was just less school, you know, waiting to go to college and all that sort of stuff. Okay. So I worked there. And when the guys that came in, now these guys were competitive, but when the guys came in, that did cycles, and we were still very much, you know, cycle PCT, about them. Yeah. There was a dramatic change in their appearance when they went on cycle. They grew. They looked significantly bigger. They looked significantly different. Yeah. I would have said that's not as reflective now. So I, I'm curious as to, you know, do people have people got to a point now, and this is probably where the low dosing comes in, because they feel productivity is good even if, by what we were seeing for years ago, it's not much change that they feel that's still significant. And that was that's been a productive cycle. You know, I have people expectation from cycle lowered significantly, which is why the lower dosing is more, I'm just saying acceptable. I don't know if that's the right word. I could see that. Yeah, I do. And I think part of it, once again, goes back to like the demographic changing, and there's a lot more, we'll just call it like your average gym go, or a lot more people, like before it was a small percentage of people in the gym we're using gear. Now it's, I think a fairly decent percentage have or are, or are on TRT, and some of those TRT people are looking to add something in. Yeah, and I think that for sure, the lower expectations, absolutely, man. I don't think that that's a question at all, you know? I'm with you. Huh. What's that? I've not aware as someone's just mentioned something that a study that came out, or a comment that came out today about one set of the body. Oh, the lowest of the body. The dose. See, what do you guys think of Dr. Sean Fells, leadist post today about the study that confirms that one set per body part still creates high per trophy? You know what? I would love to dig into that. I haven't looked at it. Victoria told me about the study. You know, so I'm not going to say anything either way, because I haven't looked into it. I'd love to get Scott to take a look at it. He's great at breaking that stuff down. I will say this. A study is just a study. We talked about that on the latest. It's just bodybuilding. Like, it's really not absolute proof of anything. It demonstrates a result in a very specific, you know, situations. So, I wouldn't hang my head on any single study. You know, it's great information, file it away, and continue doing the things that you know and your heart are working. Studies and experiments into whether a theory or an idea is correct or whether a pattern noticed in some of our use is correct or exploring that idea further. You know, it takes a lot of studies coming up with the same results before science will turn around and go, this is what happens. Yeah. All right, listen, well, what do you say we dive into a bunch of listener questions here? Because we got hammered with them. I'm going to tell you, we got a lot of questions. You guys are welcome to comment with questions for the next show. Are there drugs that block DHT receptors in the prostate to help prevent BPH? Also, if I'm taking enough testosterone that I require an AI to lower estrogen, wouldn't the DHT also be high thus require a DHT blocker to lower that as well in order to protect my prostate. Thanks for the great info. What was the second part? Should he take a DHT blocker because he knows if his estrogen's high, it means his DHT is going to be high. Shouldn't he protect his prostate? Is there such a drug first of all that blocks DHT? Number one and number two should he take it if he's on cycle because his DHT is obviously going to be high and his prostate needs protecting. Do we have a test dose? No. So, I'm obviously blocking the common approach is to block the conversion of test to DHT using a five-hour for the reductase blocking agent like the doctor. Do it as the right. Now, if I try only blocks type two, whether you have one block type one and type two, so obviously is more effective. I can't hear your day if you're here. I know you're not going to have to get the pillow tuck going. Sorry, can you hear me now? Yes, thank you. So, commonly DHT management in prostate is done by stopping five-hour. So, you take the finasteride or does that stride? Which then stops the conversion of test to the DHT. The over approach with prostate management is to block the undergen receptor. But that's not specific to the prostate. I don't think there's anything that's specific to the prostate. I could be wrong. It's not something I've looked at in a long while. I know there's a few undergen receptor blocking drugs, but the only one I can think of at the top on my head is flutomide, but I know there is some more than the old tend to end in mind, but the over-the-comment member. Don't know of one that's prostate specific. Well, let me really get back just a minute here. So, this guy sounds like he doesn't have any experience yet. You know, he's new to all of this. Are you suggesting that everybody needs to block DHT? No, they're prostate. To be honest, in general, it's not something we see a lot of. We'll see some mild prostate information occasionally, but it usually results that it's down to some form of infection rather than natural antibiotics. Some of the older users, sort of guys that have been using 20, 30 years, we'll see some information at the prostate, but generally it's not something that crops up very often. It's not something we see in repetitively, you know, it's not something that seems to be problematic. I'm curious, is it why he's concerned with his prostate because he actually have an issue, is there a family history? Is there some concern around there? Does he say anything? No, I think that it's just a matter of him understanding the way steroids work. So, you have testosterone, it's going to break down into either testosterone, or excuse me, DHT, or estrogen, he recognizes that he needs to control some level of estrogen. So he's asking, like, well, does that mean I need to control DHT too and if so, what drugs are there? The percentage of conversion is actually very low. Is it very, very low? Yeah, it's single percentile. I can't remember exactly, but it's single percentile of tests that gets converted to DHT. People who do get a high PSA reading, let me also tell you that if you have sex, or a mastobate, you will have a higher reading. So you need to, with sex, that too. Well, boom, boom, sex needs to be left for at least a week. He's actually more impacting on the old prostate than the normal sex is just, you know. So, keep those things in mind, and if you do get a higher reading, then maybe take a break and test again, you know. All right, so don't have your morning one, he's what Scott's saying when you test your prostate. Exactly. Oh, there's just a comment, I think. And I thought it was a great comment. He says, uh, at 26 minutes in, regarding the Synth oil comment aimed at Dave. I remember the first time I watched the podcast, and I was, it was soon after I switched from advice as radio to think big. I saw, shoot, I just lost my comment there. I don't know whether it was. Okay. Um, uh, let's see, Dave in the thumbnail. I saw Dave in the thumbnail, and I thought no way that that is real. But it was the topic of the video that interested me after watching and learning more about Dave and watching under construction. I became a regular watcher in fan of the show. I think the key thing about trolls is being closed minded. I saw Dave thinking, that's not even possible, but I was opened in my beliefs began to change. That's when this comment being opened minded, right? You know, I felt that about Scott. My thought there's no way a human being can be so ugly. But obviously as I've got to know, my real eyes that is his real face people. That's not a mask. Thanks, Dave. I appreciate your mail. I was spending more in the winter with you, bro. Thanks for the day, didn't it? Yeah. For the week, actually. Great shows as always, guys, my first comment. I was wondering if Dave has any updates on what's happening with these Chinese raw suppliers. Oh, we just talked about that when I told you to. Yeah, to me. I was just going with the updates this week. No, me. I know, book it off. Dave, how long would you recommend someone to go back on to your tea after a blast? Yeah, key factor here is how quickly your levels return to some form of normality. If you get your levels down quite quickly because you don't do anything post-blast for a few weeks to get levels dropped, then I would say eight, eight week minimum, ten week of being within normal range would be where I'd be looking for, but also I'd want to check bloods before going back on to make sure things like HDL have recovered blood thickness isn't a concern. If you're going straight on TRT post cycle, then you're probably going to be above range for an extended period of time, which would then extend your period of time. You needed between cycles. It's, it's all about long term stress management and bottom line. You go into your cycle, stress from the previous one, and you'll find your tolerance of that cycle will be much less particularly when you're pushing higher doses. And your future progress will generally not be as good. So the healthier fitter you are moving into a cycle, the more you're going to get out of it. Yeah, and you've talked before on the show about how that was the big difference between under construction one and two. You made fantastic progress after one, and then that was after having some rest time, all that versus two, you just kind of went back in hard after not having a lot of recovery and that was kind of the undoing of it, right? But I'm much so, yeah, very much. I mean, obviously, I was using very high doses, so the effects were definitely magnified, but still, still is the point, and I've seen it repeat another people as well, you know, where they've just gone on too soon. It shouldn't be scared at a time off, but we are, you know, we tend to be, and then it's like, I get that being there, I understand it, but you don't need to be, you know, you'll be surprised. I was speaking to a pro, a very large pro. Would you go as far as Converge? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. And he's been off cycle, no drugs, whatsoever, nothing. No t-rt, nothing for six weeks. Okay, and he's seen no reduction in performance. His test levels are now low. Okay, but he's seen no reduction in performance, what's whether Bury has found recovery is getting a bit more challenging and he's sort of longer. Yeah, but if somebody who's training at that level of intensity with that level of muscle mass can go six weeks with no drugs at all, why are you panicking about having two weeks or three weeks off post cycle just to let your levels come down before you start your tea out. Sure. Hey here's one, I thought would be an interesting topic for us. It's not he didn't ask a question, but I had an idea to talk about. He said, we're talking about you know, minimum effective doses and stuff last week and he said that he added in 10 milligrams of anovar. He said he will he hit a plateau on his dumbbell and client press. He decided to treat a try a bit of var and now four days later he smashed two extra reps and hit a new PR with 10 milligrams and you know, I more power to him and I said to him, I was like, you know, what, man, it's not just like, eventually you do tap out the gear, you know, that you what it happens when you are already running full bore and then you hit a plateau. You know, and I thought it could be a fun conversation for us to talk about what are some training techniques basically to break a plateau so that he has this in his arsenal, but let's give him some training techniques too because I think that those will possibly be even more valuable than just having the gear as being his one channel, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, so you want to do that now? Yeah. Go on then. Well, I'm curious to hear what you have to say. I have a couple thoughts, but I read over here a few. My personal approach was I run a very regimented training program and I generally did the same thing day in, day out, it changed much and in fact over 10 years I didn't really change my workout plan much at all. But what I would do is I would change the exercise order. So say I plateaued on my third exercise on chest. Then if I made that my first exercise when I was all fresh and not done to pre-exorse the exercise is private to it, I was obviously going to be stronger. So I would start with that then exercises my first exercise, breaking new strength flattos in that exercise and then I'd move it to second, try and maintain that strength. If I didn't, I'd stay there until I did and then I'd move it back to third. And then again repeat the strength process. So that was one thing I used quite a lot. I had a natural sort of evolution in the training in that I would go through a bit of times of being super strict. Even introducing time and attention stuff but really form driven and then I'd allow that to loosen a little bit and loosen a little bit and it was just a natural thing and the distinctive thing is right right where to loosen now. So then I tighten back up again and then it was slowly loosened off while I put it for more and then I tighten up again and each time when I tightened up I was coming back to a heavy point then I'd be in the previous time I tightened up. And this process might take six weeks. It might take 16 weeks. It might take 26 weeks. It all depended on the movement and I would only loosen the form when the strength progress or the rep progress wasn't continuing a little bit. And then I and so my net strength gain each time my only B510 key loss. But each time it was 510 key there's a net strength gain with very strict form and then I'd move on from there. I was never really I was always quite form led anyway. A lot of that was driven by injuries so like when a bench press or did anything jazz because of the detached back form had to be perfect because I was injured you know I had a detached pick I couldn't afford to be loose with form. So my bench was always substrate and my flies were always substrate then that I had no choice in that and that's sort of carried over into a lot of movements where form was very dominating but back I would get loose with and apply a bit of momentum to break into new weight platoes as well so that was that's the other thing the cheat rep format was something I used as well in order to break into new platoes. But I also I mean I remember the first time I squat at 7 plates. So it's well second time. So in my 20s I was above 7 plates squatting and then when I got back into training in my 40s I remember the first time I looked and moved back into 7 plates I walked out and it and re-racked it probably four or five weeks on the truck just getting used to holding the way down. Just just just just getting that initial because I don't care who you are it's fucking scary when you're moving the heaviest weight you've moved at least for a system period of time in a major compound movement like squat or bench because you know you know if that screws up that's a long time in hospital yeah I like your idea I was out with 7 plates loads of times and then eventually it was like right commit yeah and when I did we're finally moving it moved well but you were awesome. If you were walking out with that you still were squatting that day you know full squats with slightly later weight or what oh yeah so I mean my squatting was really really simple. I struggled with shoulder mobility to an extent so the early sets I struggled to get onto the bar properly yeah so first I'd start with trying to just stretch out a little bit on an empty bar just trying to get it under it then I'd do a plate two plates usually reps would be 12-ish give a take I didn't really count the early reps it was more a feel thing yeah but time I hit three plates on the time I finished a three plates bar position was usually correct so about that point the weight had stretched me out enough to get bar position correct yeah three plates would normally be eight maybe ten at a push and then from that point on with there were sets of six but they were they were very controlled and I just went three four five six six and a half and for a long time it was six and a half six and three quarters and I was doing six reps with six and three quarters so seven shouldn't have been any big challenge but mentally was meant to was a really big challenge point and I don't even have this squat had heavier than that in my 20s and that was only because the what girl I was training with slip two tens on slightly off we threw the bloody workout so when I'd probably got up there I was actually doing seven and half and you didn't even know it no no that's just that out there really I do in that to people before yeah it's true to a degree it can were particularly on big compounds where fear becomes a big factor yeah yeah and a squat in it can be scary as hell I mean I remember stepping out we seven are standing there and I couldn't keep my hips still okay my hips were just just gently but they were just gently flexing back of fall for it was like you know this is and then as soon as I released and committed fine no problem but I got it right it just wasn't steady still I got a tip for him this is one from dusty I think it's it's great if let's say he's working in the 10 to 12 rep range and he finds that he can't break a given way and like this is basically his big sticking point if he changes that rep range up to like 16 18 and I never thought of this until dusty talked about it about why this works I knew it worked but then it really added up to me so if you're doing let's go extreme let's say 20 reps each one rep is one 20 of your what you're capable of versus if you're doing a one rep max then like literally there's no way you're getting to like you literally just did everything you could I couldn't be like Dave let's get back under the bar and this time do that again but get too reps but if you're getting 20 it's 120 if you know you could push harder to get another rep and so you can still progress then but in smaller increments you know if you're say doing instead of 10 you're doing 16 or 18 reps you know and the muscle is still going to grow off of that it doesn't really know the difference it knows the hard you know stress yeah and then down the road then you can go back to that 10 to 12 for whatever you're working in before so I thought that that was a good one that I would add in and I've seen it work for people really well too you know I think it works both ways as well you can you can go higher rep or slightly light away and higher rep or you can go lower reps like you have your way and then pull back to the weights that you were struggling with before sure there's there's it does too so a concept whether if you go heavier when you go back to the weight you're doing 10 to 12 reps with it feels like because you've got this capability of moving more load and if you go the way you've done like like like just you're creating like you say you're not putting as much demand from a point of you have increase in the reps for workload because the weight is smaller so the extra rep is less taxing but you still build up progress and again you can move on I know Andy Bolton with Paul if he did a lot of higher reps than a lot do and he never pushed low rep lucky never did doubles or anything like that going into comp if anything he's reps was slightly higher yeah and he was usually quite away away from his max weight efforts that he only really pulled out the bug on comp there all right we got a bunch of on let's see if we can maybe even wrap it fire some of these he says a viewer question for David Scott I was reading a comment elsewhere from a guy who is currently using 75 anoddraw per day and even after nearly three weeks of use he has experienced zero weight gain knowing crease and blood pressure and even after a couple of weeks his blood test show that his RBCs have not even increased a single bit but he also reports zero strength increases what do we think on that I think it's very tough I would question drug quality though that are potentially I mean weight gain is it's weight gain driven more by food than it is by drugs you're not going to gain weight if you don't have enough cause calories to support that weight gain unless you're in control I feel like anoddraw you're going to gain some water you've got a bit full yeah I would just let you should be a bit full but I mean initially in Stington's crap gear and it's probably the most lighter yeah what do you guys take the molecular weight into consideration when planning a cycle example test is 288.42 grams and trend ace is 330.5 would you would you take this into account when figuring out like the difference is considering that there's almost a 20% difference in active ingredient for the same ML no different compounds yeah I'm with your 100. the atomic weights don't have significant well I might be completely wrongy so I'm sure somebody will correct me here but I would have suspect that the atomic weights don't have a huge impact on the amount of milligrams per hundred milligrams it's the estimate that really affects the dosing in that point yeah listen to we talked a bit about like using the least amount to get the effect you want so if you kind of use you know if you have a rough idea of where you're going to jump into a cycle let's say you run 350 test for your first cycle you'll get an idea of how you do with that do you know what I'm in and then you'll be able to determine like hey 350 was good for me it's like we can't break it down into such a scientific thing we're like we needed to increase that dose to get this you know what I'm saying it's just I take it for granted that this is the compound and my body is going to respond to X amount of the compound and if we don't get the response we want then we adjust the dose or we of course look at the other factors too like training and diet you know well the other yeah and I mean the other thing there's always going to be a problem within our marketplace is quality of drug I mean we've touched on that I quite a bit a lot but but yeah I'm pretty certain that atomic weight has no relevance to drug effectiveness but S-to-weight has an impact on active ingredient per 100 milligrams I think that is that what he's getting at there I don't understand he said molecular weight and the consideration meaning there may be more active ingredient with one-aster versus another yeah so the the atomic weight is not the same thing the atomic weight is what when you identify a compound using mass spec you you actually look for the atomic weight because it will show that that peak okay so that's how you identify the compound but trend have at a different atomic weight to to test has no relationship to how much trend there is in a hundred milligrams of 10 as opposed to how much test there is in a hundred milligrams of triathlacy as the way that affects that yeah and even that though like do you take that into consideration no no every study ever done in antibiotics has been done on total molecular weight of the compound okay so that's the hormone weight on the estaway yeah okay uh chance I get a strong lower back pump when I train legs back abs back and the list goes on human back twice it must be really bad back pumps could you please advise and had overcome the pain please I think we never spoke about back pain topics which seems to be a common undiscused issue in the gym world back pumps this is usually two two two drive it's one would be literally black pumps so you look five grams of touring can be very effective helping with back pumps the ovaries are lack of hamstring or glute flexibility which then forces tension into the back because in the back to be under more stress when you move so I would always hit it from both angles I would definitely start some hamstring and glute stretching on a daily and then I would try to tolerate and see that helped as well about this one um he's got Dave uh what do you say here um would you and be able to talk about carnitine uh it's it's types benefits drawbacks and overall nature please in previous episode Dave mentioned it's good for sperm count I'd love to hear more on that thanks so much for sharing the knowledge with us I don't know any more about from the disease it helps us but mobility but I don't know the mechanisms of play yeah you look good it's thin yeah a little bit yeah I looked into it a little bit and um what do you find here alcarnitine has been showing to have positive effects on improving sperm quality mobility count and more folly so there are benefits I'm gonna effectively give a dose out here there's if you do a Google search there is a study out there about dose in is a 500 minimum but I think grommets the more popular dose in in research but there's an overall evidence supports the elk carnitine can positively impact failed male fraternity for this capability even a relatively low dose at two grams per day this supplementation in hit low enhances sperm I think they're talking oral sperm parameters regulates hormone levels reduces ROS levels and subsequently improves fertility rates however for the research is needed to elucidate the underlying mechanisms and establish optimal dose in conclusion the role of elk carnitine in the field of male productive health is highlighted with the potential to improve sperm quality infertility he did mention an interesting thing there he said regulate hormone levels now Scott Stevenson did a huge deep dive into this a while ago which kind of like everybody had questions man do you remember this the topic was elk carnitine and thyroid hormone it does not change the level of your thyroid hormone but it will change how effective that level is for you so if you have low thyroid hormone and this is where it gets weird if you have low thyroid hormone and you take elk carnitine that low elk carnitine will become more effective for you but if you have high thyroid hormone it'll be make it less effective is what this research showed we had it like three podcasts on it because it kind of blew everybody's mind on this topic so regulate it okay kind of an interesting side note what would you say 500 you said maybe start I'd say yeah like is that injectable for what I've seen a gram injectable oh it's a one of eight okay okay in different types if I use oral I'll use the acetylal carnitine it's gonna be more available than just like traditional elk car but yeah the injectable is gonna be writing your bloodstream for sure Dave did warn you guys about the yawning and see if we have anything else to clean up here before we get into Uncle Dave's advice big folks big Dave looks like he couldn't give a crap if you hit the like button or not guys hit the like button just for Dave today people love you Dave ugh okay one last one don't be put off by my warm cherry fluffy exterior I am deep down a miserable shot can we get you a t-shirt that says that I think I might get what you this might sound like a silly question but I've got to ask and would really appreciate any insight from you and Dave I've been getting pretty bad acne for example my current estridal level is 180 p-moll what's the best way to manage or reduce acne in this situation do I need to lower my test dose right now I'm running 650 test E per week along with a thousand iu of hcg every three days and I'm taking one milligram of remimidex daily wow and just to clarify the remidex is legit it's bought over the counter you're subscriber in big fan thanks for education Stuart what's up Stuart well these issues still elevated um so it might be a case of increase in the AI control but so a lot of AI one milligram a day for 650 test per week that sounds redonculus need to sound a lot do you like that word redonculus redonculus so two thousand would I know I would like I instantly thought of it for some reason I wanted to use it sorry yeah you just needed a colored shell suit thing on now and bright colored woman oh why get over last a oh okay so what you guys did over there there are only two thousands and some high tops or something oh that's what I saw and all the american films oh okay yeah it's a must be real I'm sure yeah I mean if you're having to run that amount of east of your management I would start to think that maybe high dose the remitising drugs is not the way forward and possibly look at you know adding in something like mast and a slight the lower dose of test one you'll get the serm effect but but to obviously you'll get lesser remitisation and therefore management should be easier and I am assuming that the acne is east of your base that would be the obvious thought with where you are yeah I wonder how you I think that could be a potential thing I feel like the 650 test is not agreeing with him if not only has the acne but he also has higher estrogen what is the range in the UK and P-Mol for estrogen like what's the type of oh I think it's 149 okay and he's at 180 so it's not like an estrogen is crazy you know no it's not I say I mean normally I would say the issue was sitting at that on 650 test I'd probably just leave it yeah if you weren't getting any real sides but I mean the acne could be getting driven by DHD from the test as well to be fair it's not a simple solution is it there could be a few factors at play here side note washing your skin with head and shoulders shampoo tools help dry out acne yeah there's that that's a good point um I'm saying it's secure but it's at least of a temporary that's the fault yeah and in understand to the acne is an infection to the skin so regardless of what the cause once you have it it will want to perpetuate itself and spread so there's that keeping the skin clean removing bacteria which hazel is a great antiseptic that also adds moisture the skin you don't want it to be completely like you don't you want to dry it out but you don't want your skin to also be dried out which will then trigger you to produce more oil so it's clean dried out and then also remove re-return moisture so it's is a lot. I remember my brother using which hazel to treat his block eyes that he regularly goes. Really he get a lot of fights. It made me middle brother was a gob sheight and he couldn't really fight so he ended up getting battered quite a bit um it was the oldest in me that was the fight as our mat wasn't a particular fight oh yeah you'd go out and get drunk and then say some of it looking stupid and end up getting a slap and then be there in the next one in the bathroom applying which hazel to his blocker. We'll tie this in it as Uncle Dave's advice in some way. We're you. We're you. We're you. We're your brothers as big as you where they like tall shopping guys. So my I will mark is six two I think and he was big like me. Then we took me and me and remember the mark that after me mum sided family. That was six two and a half I think but he was slim like me dad so me dad wasn't tall but me dad was very slim okay and so me and I'm out look very similar to each of a mat look like he was the milkman's and yeah he used to he used to go out and get piss he wasn't very good at handling his drink in his younger days and then ended up being a gob sheight and used to end up getting battered for it and then I'm out you stuff to go and saw his problems. You had a tall a big grandpa too didn't you who was a budget yeah my grander was six two 24 25 stones so what's a 160 kilo oh wow big he used to pick a half cows and throw him a reshorter and walk him out the abitree into the butcher blocker to chop him up you know he was a big strong fella that's wild man and I think he told me that once before that's the picture I have in my head when I he actually broke his hip because he slipped while he was carrying a cow and he hit the floor and then the cow landed on top of him oh and he never he never really recovered from that he's hip was always a problem. Wow yeah I mean me grander even his 70s was strongest at so he didn't lift outside a cow as though I assumed right no that was like kind of before people lifted a lot I assume yeah strangely I was never particularly strong when the grander was very strong and it was quite so I got the size in that he's never really got the strength you know I mean I built my strength up over time but I wouldn't I would never say I was known as being particularly strong there was a few things strong on shoulders yeah but I was never particularly strong elsewhere but yeah he's me grander it was a massive fellow and there's some pictures of him I think he's 18 19 and I'm 17 and apart from one being black and white and one being color you'd think it was the same person you're kidding me no we were very similar I used to get the old deers used to get on the bus coming out from school and it was a public bus so it's not like it was a school bus and there be old deers from the village on there who knew me grander as young and a bit oh your stumbly's grandson I all right I used to fancy your grander whatever you always like oh god that's um did you tell me to that he was involved with like some underground meat oh in the war yeah so me grander we're a butcher um he was the head butcher for co-op in odisfil for a while and obviously during the war meet was rations so he used to do black market butcher in the basement under the house of course he did a well-known after your own you know wait what you what you say he's got the way the house was built he was he's the only one that's what I'm saying it was it was three stories at the market two stories at the front so the seller was actually you'd walk around and walk into it yeah and um yeah the used to do black market butcher in that police used to bring him meat and get him to butcher it open also stuff oh no kidding they bring their own meat yeah well coppers obviously had a chance to get him meat more than their first person did perks of the job because he was there was a rations due to like unlimited supply and he was he was too big to go to war so he's still got a big of a target you don't know say anyway we he was just physically couldn't pass the fitness so they put on that they put him on the guns on the shoreline on the anti aircraft guns oh and so he didn't actually go overseas so as a result he was at home a lot more than a lot of guys were at that time okay so he still was in yeah so yeah he used to say in the anti aircraft guns wow you guys were so much closer in World War II than we were you know what I mean like we were so far removed well you never got bomb did you? no that's what I'm saying you never got bomb but yeah whereas we did you know I mean my family's rural anyway always has been so we didn't really see a significant amount bombing where we were but we saw the refugees moving out from the cities that were all moved to the country wow the safety so a lot of children were moved out into the country to stay with farm families and stuff oh no kidding yeah yeah yeah so there was a lot of that went on but yeah make me go under the destitute black market but you know well guys that's the best you're going to get for Uncle Dave's wisdom today I feel like there was some wisdom in there you know what I'm saying that's like that was I had some wisdom actually yeah oh you do okay I didn't even know if you hit me hard you go oh my god you've got absolutely nothing what do you got? I don't really know I know that was the problem that's why I was omin and I mean so I'll probably I just shoot it from him see if I get that do you ever do it in the other way you know you have a little prepared sometimes so there I will give you all right I sometimes have a way to my point where it's today I don't really have a way to my point so my point yeah just keep swimming so that's my point no be careful around the motivations of why you do things so what have you made about that and I said I'm still going to have to contextualise this and put it in a way to understand but what I mean by that is we often do things for the sake of doing things rather than because we actually want to do things and there are things in our lives that we do that we don't want to do now some of them you have to do the beautiful things because for whatever reason you know going to work things like that but there are things that we choose to do that if we're honest we don't actually get joy from them and I see this specifically within our industry where I see people that are training or diet in our competing they don't enjoy any of it they do it because they feel that they have to do it when you know maybe there's a way to keep fit and healthy you don't necessarily have to go to it to him and it doesn't make you a lesser person if you don't you know you might keep fit and healthy by walking up hills or playing squash or tennis or or something or anything like that you don't want to compete you know that's okay too yeah there's no set thing that you have to do there's nothing wrong with lifting weights and not following the diet if you don't want to there's nothing wrong with lifting weights and not using drugs if you don't want to but I know I know I argue that there may be some stupidity we're using drugs and not lifting weights or having a diet but that's more to health concerned than anything else yeah but my my point is that to what makes you happy not what makes other people happy I like that yeah I like that there's good guys we appreciate you tuning in Dave how's your new app going the app itself spawn the number of people buying it is shit who's not good at advertising and promoting themselves who doesn't do it just it's official it's official it's got such a shit oh oh it's not what I'm saying you don't you don't you're very you hold back you don't promote yourself a lot that's what I'll say we're gonna promote you here I looked at the site it's a nice site too what's it it's it's WWE dot better you as in the letter you dot online it's basically coaching in a box for 30 pound a month from a point of view what you get for the money I don't even go wrong try it do you think yeah I know it's yeah I mean you can just book in for a month if you don't like it you've wasted 30 quit I waste more not I'm fucking coffee in a week what if you had a look at a contest once you got people going and you're like we did whatever all you you do you got a contest going oh no so we did a we did a contest like a share and like app thing you know and somebody got a lifetime membership for very I should have gotten you know I mean like what if you had everybody who was a transformation transformation something yeah yeah and whoever like get wins gets a best transformation like they get recompt or recouped you know on their their cost yeah that's I'm more than happy to do something like that I just need enough people in it to make it with doing that makes sense all right guys that means if you're interested if you don't want to hire one of us for coaching maybe you're a little bit strapped for cash but you do want some direction check out Dave's app better you letter you dot online all right and of course go to evailbottonelesis.com get your labs done by Dave you can hit us up over at patreon hit me up over there and I try to get early releases out when possible answer your questions you guys get priority on the show and of course true nutrition dot com user code think over there supplement source dot CA for Canadians strong sports dot com that strong sports nutrition great performance and great house supplements if you're on cycle you're going to need them in front of the episode the podcast with Dave crossland way well see you soon Dave I'm gonna go one more thing what's your thing don't forget the Dave super challenge you folks oh you got ten dollars I forgot to tell you we got we had somebody on you've got so you got fifteen dollars now for your super charger all right yes it's coming along yeah only a number eight thousand to go guys we appreciate you tuning in if I didn't mention it leave us questions for the next show