Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Episode 80. Dusty handshot myself big round part low. We have a guest on today's show. We're going that route. We got Zane Watson, Ithbeepro, can't wait to chat to him, and it's just bodybuilding. Dusty, are you done eating chips? I'm not done, but I have to stop because people get so irritated, and I'll be really irritated if I didn't chips. I'm just going to drink some wine out of this cup here and pretend it's not wine and we get to go. We should do just once. We should do a booze episode. I don't disagree with that. I joined a wine club where they text me every day with a different bottle and you just tell them how many you want and they send them to your house. Fucking amazing. How much wine do you actually drink? I don't drink nearly as much as I've been buying lately to be honest with you, but I was like, oh, that sounds good. I'll take it like it's an easiest way to waste my money. I'm like, oh, I'll take three of those. Fuck it. It's not an old. Some damn. And if I don't like one, I'm like, oh, just give it to someone who's classier than me. They'll probably like it. I don't like the free to shit. It's nice to take a bottle of wine whenever you go to someone's house. So you're always, I know how terribly social you are and how often are you. Both times per decade that I go to someone's house, you'll have wine on hand to bring five. I don't know what to do with the shit. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I think we had a bottle of wine that we opened for some reason and then the other half of it sat until it went bad. We had to throw it up. So that's that's alcohol in our house. Say, yeah, I got a little thing actually that goes on the top. It keeps it good for three months, but right, right. It never lasts that long. Anyways, I take rest. Let's get back to body. So, so remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, rain the bell, you know, graphic, all that stuff. Help us out with that stuff. We love you. We appreciate it. It's everything's been going great. We just, you know, so happy. We even have listeners dusty. I know it's shocking. And at 80 episodes, we still have something we want to come on. I have to compliment you. I like your attire. You have a J.P. shirt. Very slick. Thank you. It's lilac. So right. Yeah, I like it. I like it. And, um, and you got the West Coast Iron Hat. So I got the original. Yeah, you got the. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And I'm going to have a new hat for you soon. So I have four. Hey, tight. I know you're doing okay. You're doing okay. You still, you still, you, you have enough West Coast Iron Hat. So you probably still have a clean one that's for dress up. That's the gray one. There we go. See? Yeah. See, you knew. Everyone's got that. I'm going to wedding. I've been put on the gray one. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't train any gray one. I think I've only trained in it a couple times. No. Yeah. The other dot black one with the stitching that's lifted. That's for fun. Anyways. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Let's, let's bring on Zane. Let's bring Zane Watson. I could be pro. A lip, a competitor, Arnold competitor. Canadian champion. Shredded his fuck. Okay. Let's do it. That had some mug. Bam. Zane Watson. Hey. Can you see me? It's body buddy. Yeah, yeah. You're good to go, man. I love your black black background with the bright hoodie. You can't see me, eh? I guess. Yes. Nice. Good to have you on the show, man. And he's good. Yeah, not too bad. Pretty good. Do you guys have a holiday? Yes, family day out here. What is it for Dusty? Isn't it president's day or something? Yeah, we used to have one of those, but anyways, now it's just an extra day. So yeah, everyone's got a holiday today. What's going on out there, man? You're an Ontario obviously. Tell everybody where you're at and your situation at the moment. Yeah, I'm just outside of Toronto. We just came off a lockdown. I think it's tomorrow. We come out of the lockdown. It's going to go back to like a red zone and with the call it. Which means the gyms will open. My gym here will open. I think you can have like 10 people or something. I'm not sure. So I'll pull sure. Right, right, right. So Dusty and I have brought you up a few times this year. And we've talked about how somebody builders this year just hunkered down and just said fuck it and just trained through the whole thing, but didn't compete or didn't try to travel or didn't do any of that stuff. And that seems to be the strategy you took, which obviously they've been on Ontario. I can't blame you. Is that kind of, or are we right or did it just kind of happen this way? Was there no plan or decision just kind of just trained through it and not compete? So in 2019, I actually plan to take 2020 off. But then you know when you do that, you kind of get that edge to compete. Here, especially when you're doing really good to train and it's going well. And then this should happen. I can compete for hobby and for, you know, because I get to travel with my family and my friends to do it and something I'm good at and I enjoy doing. So without that aspect of bodybuilding, it's not the same for me. Ah, right. Okay. Well, nothing was the same this year. You're right. So, you know, I can't travel with anybody. If I had to go into the states, yeah. I don't know, there was crazy conditions. I seen guys struggling through it, getting show after show canceled. And you know, I train so, damn hard for my coming up for show that I couldn't do that to myself and be disappointed with the show being canceled or I don't know. These guys work through it. Good for them. But, okay, try to make crazy if that happened. You mentioned the supporters and stuff. One thing that I'm not sure the American fans understand unless they've heard the stories. But as a fellow Canadian who competed with you for several years at Nationals, we were both, you know, part of that national alumni, those guys beating our heads against the wall. And you always had this absolutely mind blowing group of people that would show up at the show, hands down the loudest fans for anybody, builder of every scene competing Canada. And the most consistent group, like you had this group of crazy people with team Watson shirts and their getting Zaniacs. And they've got rose together. They're not spread out. They're all sitting together. And they're just take over the auditorium when you come on the stage. And it was like that all through the amateurs and obviously at the Toronto Pro and stuff when you're competing now. Tell me about that. I want to know how that sort of happened because it was awesome. I loved your team. Yeah. That's something I always like to put together. I would always put together like even the Arnold Classic the one year I set up a bus. A bus for my family and friends to get on and go over there and I got all the seating together. Like you said. So usually would be one one group and get all the clothing together. It just turns everything into what bodybuilding was to me. You know, I always did this with my father and my family. So we always traveled together all as a group and it was just, you know, without one time, honestly, even including Christmas everything. It was that one time where really my whole family and all my friends are beat together. So it's a made for a really good trip and memories. That was really awesome. It, you know, this year if you couldn't do that. So I'm not sure. Do you you feel like that was something that you used to drive yourself? Like you knew they were all coming. You knew they were just as committed. Yeah, I couldn't let nobody down. I had to be. I had to be perfect. Just pile on the pressure. Oh, yeah. Everything. Okay, see dusty now we're now we're at see now we're learning about Zane. I like that style though, like most people shy away from it. He's like, how can I put a little more pressure on myself? I'm going to put everyone on a bus and make them go to the show and I'm going to have to look nuts. Make them buy tickets. Yeah, it's not it's not cheap for people to go to these shows, you know, a hotel travel, the price of the tickets, you know, it sends a being a thousand dollar weekend or at least. Not hooting hotels. Then we go to like so many times I've brought everybody to Vegas. I brought everyone to Vegas two or three times. So that's like a whole thing on its own, you know, man, oh man. So I've even had flex Lewis like I knew when I was with them first contest in Vegas. He's like, who the fuck is this guy? That's their cheering for. Who's this guy in the last call out that everybody's cheering for? That's good. No man, it's it was awesome and all every year at the Canada's guaranteed. And one other thing about those Canada's that I remember is not only would the you'd have your Zaneacs there, but you would every year come out and lay down a professional posing team. And it would be worthy of the noise. And that was, you know what I mean? It's like if someone bosses in a hundred friends, but then they come out and they don't really do much. They're good. Yeah, but you would bust these people in and then you would dominate the posing round. You're shitty firecracker. Yeah, you're pretty strong. Exactly. That's such a great explanation of what it looks like too. So it was just terrible. Like, wow. Well, yeah. So that was obviously part of the pressure, too. Was you wanted to oppose everybody and treat that like an art? Yeah, well, you know, even in the groups of people like bring it, it's, you know, these aren't body building enthusiasts that I'm bringing. These are like family members, and other friends outside of body building. So like on every trip, there's a handful of people that have never seen a body building show or never watched anything outside of my social media that had anything to do with body building. So it's these people that, you know, they, and then they get that routine and they understand the whole thing. It all comes together and it's like, wow, that was the best weekend ever. I watched you in your underwear. I'm cheering you on. Flexing your muscles and like they think it would be like funny, but you know, they thought it was cool at the end of it. So, you know, that group is really important for me. I can't, I can't even say how important it was and is. What's the, do you have somewhat of a game plan for this year or is it really depending on the next couple of months or what's going on in Canada and all that stuff? Yeah, I'm just super cautious. I'm definitely, I'm eager to get on the stage. Super cautious as to what show I pick. I've had it in my head that I wanted to do the Arnold again. Obviously, I don't think they're going to put a two, 12 back in Arnold. I don't really care, but it would be, I do not sure if they would accept an invite from me in the open class. I wouldn't care. I would do it open or whatever. I would just want to, I would like to do that show again. I think that to date, that was my favorite. That's my favorite show I've ever competed in. It was a 2017 Arnold classic. What made that special? So, as someone who's never done it, I've been there a million times, but what was the difference? I mean, you've done the Olympia. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that was incredible. Yeah, that was awesome. So, just that whole experience bringing everybody and meeting Arnold and the show was just so put together perfectly. Like it was, you know, you go to some shows and it's like, oh, wow, wow. You know, you've worked so hard to become a professional athlete and then it's like, you know, the show's not running as smooth as you think it would run. But then there's some shows that are just like over the top and Arnold classic was not for me. Like it was just everything was put together. You had time to be somewhere. Somebody helping you when you got there. Everything was organized. The rooms, the escorts, not horse, like that's what's to do. That is best of all. That's like that. I was over 60. I was really good by it. Yeah, I think it was. I was just trying to get the Arnold all of a sudden. It's insane. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here for the horse. Yeah. I'm going to do all the Eastern European. I mean, escorts. I mean, I'm classic. Oh, man, it's good. There we go. We got the clip for the thumbnail, dusty. Yeah, we just got it. It's all done. It's not a play. We got the promo clip. So that would be perfect. So, okay. We're running the horror response. That's a good. This is how we roll Zane. Let's talk about your before you got your pro car. Let's talk about amateur days coming up. I wanted to ask you a couple of questions. Obviously, your dad is a foundational part of your story that I mean, everyone in Canada is aware of and obviously a lot of your fans know. But can you give us a little bit of background for those who don't quite know what your household was like with your parents and body building and all that stuff? Yeah, sure. My, I grew up in the fitness industry. My dad always had a chain of health clubs. It was called Family Fitness and he was a professional body builder. I guess it was different back then. It wasn't like you. I don't think he had it like an IFBB pro status. It was more like he did nationals and then universe. I'm not sure if at that point it was like consider an IFBB pro or right, right? It was a 70s, right? Between the 70s and probably really early 80s, but more late 70s and early 70s. And he was he won the nationals there a few times and then went on to the universe. And my mom too, she was a national champion in body building. There was a lot different. Not sure what the female classes were like then if it was I think it was just body building and what they weren't like super muscular. It was kind of a cool cool. Yeah. Rachel McClish days. Yeah. So I naturally grew up in the fitness lifestyle and my dad's goal was always, I'm going to do what I did in 10 years with you and two. And we basically did that. Yeah, I think I won my one my pro card and three years, maybe. What was your first national? Did it 2011, 12 and 13, right? But yeah, that sounds right because 2010 I did level one. It was level one, level two. And then it was national. Is that how it went? Yeah, yeah, I reached in all of the regional's provincials. Nationals. I remember I remember you know I would always hear mumbling of the new guys that were coming that were pro potential you know because I was like there for so many years trying to turn pro. So I would hear like all this new kid this guy's coming this guy's coming and I remember the first time I heard your name. It was like oh this saying Watson kid going to be awesome and I remember like looking forward to seeing you at Nationals that year and and the potential you know oh you do okay. Yeah, it was the same but the other way around it's like fuck this guy's here is he wins it all the time and he didn't get his pro card and then I see you and I'm like who the hell supposed to compete with this guy? I'm not sure these fucking great sweatpants on like they're like tights but they're a huge pants. I think it was your way in inner something. Right, right. Oh yeah, those were real. I think it might have been with first Nationals and was that adventure or Halifax? Yeah, well yeah man it was it was those were good days man but I remember when you got your pro card and and it was like oh shit because you know the two 12 division was the talk at the time and you know so you know it was everyone knew that that you were one of the guys from Canada that had a place to like go straight to. Yeah, that two 12 course. Yeah, so what about what about you know what you mentioned doing the open at the Arnold if if they would let you you know so where where do you sit with two 12 like you know looking back at the last year you did all those shows I mean how hard was that for you to be in that class? So it's always kind of the same it's like like in previous years I start my contest prep around 225 and I end my contest prep around 225 but zero fat and more muscle right. So then I got to suck myself off 12 pounds to step on stage and you know I never get my best look in 2019 I did four shows and actually coming up to the show I was hovering around 216 and that's really easy way for me to for me to dial in from so it ended up good and then you know my I did four shows that year so the first show 216 second show 219 next show 222 next show 233 like I can't get down there it's hard because you know I when I'm training it's it's probably my I get my best when I'm training for a show it's like it's my best time of growing I don't really have an off season I'm either training for a show or I'm just just training in the gym you know not it's probably downfall of mine but if I if I pushed it all year I would definitely not make the 12th class but now I don't really care I don't care if I come in at 12th especially for my last few years of bodybuilding I'm not gonna I want to look my best on stage and I don't care what class that lands me in but I don't want to be I don't want to sacrifice how I look because you know realistically I've never been perfect and that's just because I have to come down so much in that 24 hour window from weighing in to being on stage when I put 10 or 12 pounds back on you know it doesn't necessarily go where you want it to right because when you pull it out it usually comes out of my muscles like if I could step on stage how I look two weeks before a show training in the gym every morning then you know I do a hell of a lot better but because of that weight restriction it's hard for me. Do you feel like without the weight restriction your physique could carry even more master would you come in a roughly where you are at that 225 mark without sacrifice in your look because you know how it is like a lot of open guys I find they look back and they go I'm 270 now but at 255 I was nuts you look at what sacrifice you know it means so so how's that land for you yeah for sure like Ronnie Coleman looked amazing that 250 pounds yeah or 240 looked amazing sharp for me I'm not sure I don't think I think if I'm like I'm really I'm really comfortable I could be on stage very easily at 225 230 and it would only better me it wouldn't right right what I make my way splider it wouldn't it wouldn't affect me negatively that's for sure yeah because that's where I comfortably sit and then I have to pull it out because I walk around to between 240 and 250 and you're lean all year really lean yeah I don't get I don't get too out of shape but I mean I don't I don't stay in crazy shape that I'm always usually when I'm posting all my pictures it's when I'm competing right you save them you save them up I don't post it now I just mean usually when I'm active on social media right that's when people are seeing me worn now I'm not competing I'm not so active on my my self-soles personally this year it's a bummer I don't even like posting me working out I have my own gym but it's like Robin it in everybody's face I hope he's got a fucking gym to train that Lottie Do here follow my workouts yeah I we've discussed I I had a bit of that too when we were shut down out here it was like almost felt a little bad because I had this giant gym to train at every day as I got shit I can't believe this I know yeah yeah it's funny dusty and I put up a a bunch of questions and we both got hammered so you're pretty popular man he had a lot of people ask stuff about Zane yeah people sent me about 30 questions by accident oh yeah so another thing is is have you done very many interviews and podcasts and stuff because you kind of lay low a little too don't you? no I don't do it I don't do it time I mean I'm up for them if somebody asked me I I'll jump on to the interviews or whatever I'm not shy it's just bodybuilding is a hobby for me so it's like you know I I don't really have much to promote I don't have much to promote and other than hey what competitions you want to do? how do training going? what do you do for your like for your career then if this is a hobby I think it's an interesting thing is a lot of people I get a lot of pushback from people that are like well it's so much easier when you don't have a real job and I'm like well I used to own five retail stores and do this also so I don't understand your excuse it takes six minutes to eat six meals and an hour and a half train there's plenty of time but I mean so what do you do and kind of what's your answer with that is I find that to be a pretty pathetic excuse for a lot of people and obviously you're at the mean you're a top top pro that's doing it as a hobby yeah for sure well and that and that's a stand I've always taken with like supplement companies too it's like well if you want to if you want me to put a lot of time into this then you know my time is worth money so in terms of my businesses I've always had you know I've always had an entrepreneur not mindset I've always had three or four businesses going on I do a lot of property development I run a gym here I do some food business food business out of there also some online stuff and then I have Moe's working on boys working on differently you got a hoodie there too yeah I have some retail I have yeah I sell some real out of my gym yeah yeah and on your website too yeah on my website if people sometimes people go on there and they're they're ordered I don't push it a lot but sweaters are great yeah what about what about helping what about helping other body builders you you do coach some people too right I take on a limited amount of clients like I'm really and I'll drop on this and I'll drop on quick if they're not given me what I want in terms of output because you know I'm I'm gonna take on a client I'll be a hundred percent with them but they've got to give me that back and you know a lot of people don't have that so you know you work with them a couple months and then you see like it's not going how it's supposed to be going yeah so I'm I'm pretty honest with people right right right terms again and rid of them so but you know then you get that but then doing that you get a few gems that really give it a hundred percent and you know they try really hard whether they're whether they're awesome potential athletes or just like lifestyle guys right it's the effort for me because I do I love doing it I love training people I love I love torturing people in the gym yeah I love posing with people so you know that's all stuff I like to share like mine all it's worth because you know I'm shared with me so yeah you feel you feel like that's you feel like you you enjoy doing what say your dad did for you it's definitely something I got from him it's you know is that father thing the whole father thing that came with the sport for me it's like I like to give that to other people whether they're older than me or younger I help guys that are 50 help guys that are 20 and it's the same same approach who do you work with my my coach yeah Chris has set up right I've worked with him now from probably five years right yeah I knew you're last I knew that you were with Chris but obviously it's been a while since you're on stage so I didn't know if he's still considered him like you know if you go you know back with the seat of your next show you know yeah okay we've never had it we've never we've always we're always on the same page but you know we don't do any kind of offseason work so it's like yeah soon it's time to pull the trigger it's like hey I'm ready okay how do you how do you describe I could I would definitely have this conversation all the time about Chris how he's just different than most of the other trainers than coaches and gurus and stuff how do you describe working with him to people because I'm sure people ask you he was Chris like he's he's super simple meet and potatoes type of guy and that's exactly how I what's caught from the beginning is straight forward so you know that that's something that's really easy for for him and I but you know I've also never had I've never really worked with anybody else I've done a I've done a little bit of an offseason with Matt Jensen and then all this bullshit happened and what kind of didn't go anywhere but it started off great and he seemed like super super good coaches while he's very detailed and on people and Chris is the same with me like Chris is anything like he's always there when you message him he answers you when he says he's gonna get your style he gets your style you know he's he's definitely always there when you're if you're competing he's usually at the show. What what do you think it is about what you do or how you prep that gives you the look that you have over other people you extremely hard and vascular and obviously genetic components notwithstanding you know what do you think people need to do when they ask you how can I look like you it's definitely my training it's totally probably I'd say the intensity aspect of my training and I'd say the veins are probably more genetic than anything but I mean you know that that grainy look is definitely from high intensity training which actually I've done a lot more of in the last year I've had a new trainer another old another 70s 80s bodybuilder John Cordillo he was training me and he owned a huge chain of fitness fitness gym series well yeah he's got that giant body pro gym doesn't he? yeah yeah that's here yeah that thing has every single piece of equipment he could ever imagine but he really changed my he changed my my look on training I thought I was always you know training with intensity and then started doing these hit workouts and it's made a huge difference especially with rest periods of he really made me understand that uh less was more and listen to your body and when he got a hold of me it was kind of in the middle of my 2019 bodybuilding season so you know when you're in that robot mode of training you know oh got a train six times this week I have to do cardio five times this week I have to eat what I've been told to eat so he got me in the middle so it's for the concept is hard to change in the middle of it but when I got into my a little bit out of that contest prep moment and started to really listen to my body and let it let it recover from my hard workouts you know taking two or three days off and you know not training five steps near my back or training them together rather and then not touching them for five days I would notice that every single time my train them I'd be sore right and legs too do your legs don't touch them I couldn't walk for a week but I wouldn't touch them for seven eight days and when I started to do that and listen to my body you know I I'm some it's changed a lot so I'm excited to I'm excited to get back on stage this year because I think I've changed quite a bit how how are you able to or what drove you to the idea that you wanted to try something new because I know a lot of guys I always credit people who have already are somewhere and they're successful to make changes like I think back to like when Tiger Woods is Prime and he was winning they're like oh we need to retool your entire swing it's like you're fucking winning are you serious but they know it's time I mean so how how did you come to that decision you guys have to talk in or we break in down or what was the deal yeah I definitely I think you come to like a plateau and you know your workouts your workouts are a bit the same and then I started and then I went through a couple of these workouts and I was like fuck I thought I trained hard but it's like oh I can't I can't walk I can't I can't move my arms like what the fuck I thought I was like I thought I was training hard and then you realize like there's a lot more left in you so you know you get a little taste of that and a sickle like me if you if all love with it you know and then you can you can build on it I love that this is the only game where you're like yes I couldn't move but I thought I have to keep doing this I'm going to something this is how I want to live my life I tell people I tell people I had sore quads for 25 years yeah literally I had sore quads five days a week for 25 years I didn't even know how to live any other way and now my legs aren't sore all the time I'm like wow this is like a different life it's insanity the fititum the fitum with some questions dusty yes it should be good so yeah it's just a time so just to mention two people two people didn't even ask questions but they just said tell them to keep posting training vids we want more training vids and then the other ones like we love his training vids tell them to post more training vids so there you go that's what I said I stopped doing I'm like I don't know it's like should I feel bad for not doing them or should I feel bad for doing them and rubbing it in people's right right right right it's like I haven't not been training I haven't kind of videos that I've that I have collected so you know people need their action okay here's a good one what makes a great training partner I have great training partner has you see I'm a little bit on the fence about this one because give it to us especially with the training that I've adapted to now the high intensity training I don't think there's not time there's not time for a training partner there has to be either a trainer or like you have to you have to be put through the workout and then you take a catch your breath and you put them through the workout because in that high intensity aspect there's not enough time to do set for sad or think but you know when I do train when I do train someone with somebody and I'm not doing that crazy intense shit then I would say they have to be you know knowledge of a lot of your training kind of you got to bounce off each other feed off each other and something you develop over time how you want to be spotted you know on point with time times a big thing too like you guys got to have the same schedules right on each other because of one person's like an hour late all the time or whatever then it doesn't work out and then waits too you know you don't want to if you're training with somebody you don't want to be moving 100 pounds off the bar to let them do their set you know or switch up the exercises it's kind of want to be in there somewhere right right right but I look at a training partner is somebody is somebody helping me like I don't have really I don't have like another top pro or anything that's here training with me a lot of them training together at pure nutrition or pure muscle really so they're all training together that's that's awesome but I'm kind of in my own little element here and sometimes they get to train with them and then you know the workouts are great but it doesn't usually have a nice partnership yeah yeah I train with you again a bunch of times this year and those workouts go awesome but yeah you're good buddies with him right yeah we're all friends all yeah we're all good friends here everybody talks to each other all you want material guys hey I think it's funny for being from the States because Ontario and West and Canada like different countries like you guys could it's even ran different like you'd been in your gym all this whole time run and then all my clients on the east side of the country are screwed currently yeah it's crazy it's crazy like you don't like you don't have one president or something the Prime Minister yeah Prime Minister yeah that's all different he's probably in the Bahamas probably for a long time pretending he's in town yeah so okay I got a question for us on your on how you stay lean all the time do you run that really tight diet all the time or how is it you stay because the guy says even the off season he looks peeled I don't stay peel that probably sit around between like 12 and 16 percent body fat damn we just everyone thinks you're lean all time you're so good at it Instagram's in yeah no I'm not I'm not totally shredder I hold my fat well too I'll hold my fat in my legs you won't see it so like right maybe my arms are my last piece right right I'm one of those guys it I'm one of those guys it all has ripped abs even if my back and legs are completely smooth so I can like be used to be like 320 and I'd have like six abs and everyone would be like oh my god I'm like no I'm like 50 pounds overweight yeah oh you're shredded yeah no I'm not I'm far frustrated but I am definitely a creature of habit I have my three or four clean meals that I definitely get in every day my breakfast is always this same eggs oatmeal maybe some toast or something you know I'll have always have a couple chicken and rice meals I'll have a steak and salad meal that's just how I like to eat it's not yeah if I don't eat that way but it's like putting diesel in a perpetual car you know it's not doesn't work with me after I have to have the right I have to have the right fuel so I'm fine if you want to because a lot a lot of guys think that your diets change a bunch but I find that a lot of guys like you the diet stays the same it's just more food you know like your prep diet you're obviously the diet's not drastically different other than your eating more you know I mean yeah and that's the downfall for me too honestly I eat three times as much food as in the in competition season then I do hot season like literally crispest feet in me fucking three cups of rice and ten ounces of chicken's stupid shit that makes your metabolism go crazy yeah you're having people hate you right now just so you know yeah man he feeds me he feeds me like a 350 pound guy competing it's crazy yeah I eat a lot of food out by the time I'm done competing I don't want to eat anything I'm so sick of food I can't look at it what's the post show cheat I go home don't you know nothing how I want to help me I remember I remember I did so many shows that I actually did a show like was 2012 did a show and went straight home and didn't eat and went to bed I just like yes I didn't eat anything I took my trophy and I said goodbye to my friends and we I got home at like midnight because it was in amitons so it has drove home you know when my own kitchen pounded some water fucking how to shower went to bed like funny you do enough shows food just loses its value people always ask me what are you craving here good braving up eating yeah yeah yeah what's the what's the biggest hardship you've had to overcome in your bodybuilding career so not necessarily you know personal life but like the body building itself oh definitely my father passed you know why so unexpected it was like you know we trained that he was my training partner but he trained me so he trained me every single day for you know eight years so for that to be gone you know and in a snap it was like a big it was it was a big thing for me to get over and that's why honestly that's why I did those in 2019 like leading up to that of I'm kind of a one hit wonder I do one show a year or at most but in 2019 I just needed to stay stay focused and distracted and I did those four shows and just kept going because that was really my first year competing without my father's self so even though Chris was helping me always but you know still it yeah you have somebody holding your hand the whole time like I was super super blessed that way like I always had someone to be at the gym ready to work out when I was ready you know so to not have that it was definitely something to to get over that's when that's when my other trainer John he's kind of he wanted to help me and work out with me and he was friends with my father so yeah he said to show me that other training and you know he'd get over things obviously life life happens I think it's cool that you I got it but I did not know your your full story here but a lot of fans were all asking me the same question like about your father and stuff so obviously you in some levels are relatively public about either him with you the whole time or what it was like when it's gone but it's a lot of positive reaction people talking about that within the questions and one of them was did was it hard to to go back to the gym and get back into that motor or were you able to use the gym to distract actually in the gym not the show I think I took a solid month off no no gym nothing just like in a fucking dark place and then and then you know obviously you got to pull up your skirt and get back to it so right that's happened yeah got to get back to the gym and when I got back to the gym my it was definitely I was definitely angry at it yeah what what here was that what year was that shot with Arnold taking that picture was it 2017 yeah 2017 so you're your dad got to see that moment oh yeah would you say that that would be one of like kind of the the peak moments that he got to witness of his son's career I mean that's pretty special moment he was there he wasn't in he wasn't in Ohio no he he wasn't in Ohio that year he couldn't make it because I think the year before I have legally smuggled him into the states to go to the Olympia I just love it yeah as you do as you might have to do hey you know we fucking drove over there on a boat this is true story here we drove them over there on a boat and it was kind of a test run we said let go up there was a marina go up there and grab lunch see if you can grab some burgers on an American side anyone up and I said I'm fucking out of here the test runs over he made it so so I left I left him there and I called him I said listen I'm gonna bring your suitcase over the border and in a few hours and then you're gonna take a train and he took a fucking three-day train all the way to Nevada you're so pissed off you're so fucking pissed and then I ended up and then I went and stayed and then I stayed and out there for a couple months and trained for that Olympia and I was already there because we shift them early so for the I don't know what happened oh the Arnold Classic it was too cold out of harvest frozen these are the stories you don't just learn any other so so you did a test did a test run a few months before the before the Olympia yeah it was just a test like and let's just go test the waters got across had a burger and he thought fuck I'm just gonna I'm just gonna stay no you don't see a shot that oh no fuck no he was so I said what how come this is a test one we're supposed to cause the next weekend was a long weekend and that's when we were gonna like do the thing you know we thought oh there's gonna be more people but fuck we already made it you're in the States just just go get out of here I don't want to not sure if this is an permanent year or not so no it's no one will care it's after the fact and you're good to go yeah he's dead he can't charge him okay okay okay okay now we've got two I thought he had this the clip already dusty but now we might have to change our mic together that was a we always you too I do it in Instagram you clip before some people know what the show is and we usually pick something extremely random that has nothing to do with what we talk about so I see there's a lot of options what what here's here here's a good one for you what's your biggest flaw flaw with with my physica or flabb how just all these say biggest flaw take it how you mean it you know fuck I lost my hair a little back here the pony tail is covering it up though got a little tuning not too happy about that yeah holdy and I was saying I'm 32 I made it to 40 still until I had to go with the full shave you got the pony tail though so you can you can stay safe for many years I'm sure dusty comes from my wallet it's the wallet that pulls it together it's actually long down to here so right right okay this is perfect great we're not in all the secrets here we gotta get him to let the hair down on the next one literally okay dusty let me see yeah yes I've got a few um Jesus all these all these questions are like literally the same okay there we go that is yeah exactly what what would you say is a apparently obviously you've got wacky legs they want to know what is like a nasty legwork out that you would suggest someone trying now obviously intensity you can't speak out but like what was your last legwork out what it looked like yeah you were talking about this high intensity training you were doing a John and you mentioned time so I thought maybe you met giant sets or something I wasn't sure what you were doing it is kind of a giant set but you know giant sets I think are more like repetitive like you'll do five exercises one set and then you'll do the five exercises again another set you know what I mean so it's right it becomes sets sets of those particular exercises whereas high intensity would be kind of like that but it would be like five or six exercises but you would take each one to failure heavy and to failure potentially throw in a couple drops sets on each one of those sets and you know keep yourself moving from exercise to exercise without recovering so basically you've done the you've done the workout in six seven sets okay so you're doing you know when you say sets that would be like squat is one set then you go over and you do whatever your extension that's two sets now that's what you mean yeah so for example like I actually I have there's a good video of me putting Regan through one of them oh and it's and it's a prime example it would be like pre-exhaust I pre-exhaust my hamstrings and my perfect perfect workout on this scenario would be do some hypers warm up your hamstrings and I always go through each exercise at the beginning of the workout with super low weight just to feel exactly how I want to execute it see where I want my feet when I squat see where I want my feet when I do the leg press and I'll put the weights all on and prepare it for my actual set so I'm not wasting time going from exercise one to exercise two and fucking around with a weight or thinking how much do I need you know it's usually documented I write it down so I know what I have to beat so my perfect leg exercise leg routine in this style of training would be hypers warm up your hamstrings and then I would do heavy super heavy stiff leg and extension or stiff leg of the deadlifts and then I go up immediately into a 90 degree leg press and these are sets all to failure have you probably drop it twice straight into a leg extension high have to be able to control the weight and then straight under the squat bar when you're like this you know you barely walk into the squat bar and now you're getting to now you're getting under the bar where it's a heavy weight you know it's going to be heavy like you know three plates or something or more and when you're pre-exhausted like that you're really like your hips are like this you're not even standing straight and then you have to take that if you don't take that squat to complete failure your your workout is it didn't count like that that squat has to be I definitely couldn't have got one more wrapping me right and then now you can't breathe you can't thank your sweat and you feel sick and then you go under like a supported a supported machine where you don't need that balance like a hacksquat then you pound out one set of those my daddy's just say gtb go to bed and what was that like what would you when you say heavy with some drops like what would the rep range be on that first attempt say on the on the squats or the uh stiff legs well you usually have you you you you have you have to have some kind of goal in mind you know yeah whether that's from data from previous exercises or you know just something you're going to say this is going to be super fucking hard and I want to get 20 reps doing this right it has to be ridiculous numbers where you think this is hard I don't even want to do this right but that's that's what's going to make me sore for five days and grow right so yeah it's it's definitely I always go into the gym and say what don't I want to train what don't I want to do today that's what I'll do so because you don't want to do it because it's hard right so essentially you know let's say you took those same exercises and I and let's say I did the workout but I did eat each exercise like you know warm upset prep set all out working set then move to the next one prep set you know get already all out working set and then move to the next one and move the stiff leg maybe I need a warm up and then a prep and then all out working set so what you would do is do all the warm ups up front all right so you're totally primed on at all all the movements and all the patterns and you're ready to go on all of them and then you load them all up and then it's just works at works at works at works at works at one after another and if you don't have someone there go on come on buddy come on you got to yeah let's go come on go to the next set go to the next set get out of the bar come on you got this come on you got the right you're out sleep you're honestly not in within that time limit because I think your muscles start repairing after about 6 to 10 seconds so I want to reach those new muscle fibers you know if you're always if you're always hitting them here then you know how you supposed to get growth you got to hit them in here you know got to get deeper so how long keep cuts from how long is the time between each set you know obviously would vary if you're walking from machine to machine and your second wind how long do you allow it to get nothing it's take get there right bam yeah and of course like it's not like you have to be in good physical condition to do this time for work out you have to be used to some kind of you know trauma pain or torture whatever whatever kind of shape you're in you have to you can't be like totally out of shape you do it's working or you're going to be sick well with a wind I think it would be I mean I mean sick I think it's not a great shape you just couldn't do it I mean I did uh I don't know if you follow but Gina Davis actually wrote me a routine that was very similar she worked with Steve Kucco and I mean I just went for it right out the gate and I trained very opposite I go when I'm ready like fully ready um and man by like the third movement I'm breathing at my mouth is open as I'm walking over it I'm trying to get under the bar and I'm like holy shit this is a different thing like I'm doing I'm doing cardio and training all at once you know it was definitely brutal but you're right I mean number one it was fun because you can't quit because you just can't and then you know I was fucking sore I'm sorry shit and I knew I didn't maximize it you know what I mean like if I were if you were to put me through your routine it would my ass but it wouldn't be at your level because I just couldn't breathe yet like it would take time to just get that oxygen it would still kill me I came in imagine yeah so like especially like when I first started that workout it's weird it's like the next day you're like oh wow my quadrassar and then the next day it's like oh the other side of my quadsar and the next day it's like oh my hip flexors are sore and like 40s later your ass hurts and then the next day you're fucking hamstrings hurt it's like what the fuck is going on here you don't know but you know you can't always train like that hey I you have to have days you know where you go I'm just gonna go into the squat part today right and I slowly inch up the way and I'm gonna take my minute minute and a half two minutes that's whatever and I lift some heavy weights today and I'm gonna do a few exercises that I like and you know those those make you sore too you can't always train like that with that high intensity can't always be how long can you train as far as like number of weeks before you need to not be to shit out of yourself do you take a cruise period is from the training do you not train at all or do you just kind of back down for a little time period what do you do because obviously like you said you can't just like just like high intensity training with heavy weight like you can't train that way you know fit you two weeks a year yeah well I think it totally depends on I think it totally depends on where you're at and where you're at in your training and like especially if you're competing if you're not competing or you're trying to put on muscle or you're not you know so if there's anything my father taught me that you know was really beneficial was make a plan work a plan so you know pick a show I know I'm gonna train there and then go back from that show and we'd write out all my cycles on times off times right from the day I'm at and it might be a year and a half down the road so there's no guessing stupid program I just do some do supplements from here to there and not know where you're going you know so I'd say that type of training particularly I'd say like after after four to six weeks you need to take a whole week off and don't even don't even touch the gym you know like four to six weeks up four to six weeks on and then like a complete week off where you just do nothing which is hard for me but you know they usually have to go away to get out of there get it out of your head but that's why it's funny because that's why I asked is I just had a client who was body was telling me it was time and so I asked you know like hey you know how the joints have everything feeling and he's like oh no I'm good I'm good and I'm like you shouldn't be so if you're training like a bitch and if you're not you know taking that step away is not a bad idea and three days later I got the tax so it was like okay I lied like you know and you you feel like guys need to understand that that week away is what allows you to grow sure you could push through your fucking maniac you could train all year but it wouldn't be beneficial yeah no that time off is so important all all rest time is in between workouts that's why I'm very strategic about even like my splits people always ask me what's your split I don't know it's how I feel I'm not sure what I'm training today it's a fun sore how I feel from the week before my splits not a seven day split it's usually like a ten day split so which might be confusing but it changes every week one week on train chess and shoulders together the next week I won't change chess and try steps together right that's awesome yeah it's it's uh I love stuff that's different because I it's what we push a lot of guys will ask I know you get that too they want the answer and I'm like well this is what I do I don't fucking know if it's gonna be good for you you know what I mean that is so frustrating for me because it's it that I'm I'm like so opinionated about it which like the same thing what's your split I don't have one what's your workout I can't tell you like you have to watch you know give me a good cycle how the fuck am I supposed to know how you're gonna respond to something if I'm not watching you every day how is a deba yeah every time every time lots of deba lots of deba lots of deba never that's that's something that that's something that never that I never really got you know people write out cycles for somebody and it's like well how did they build this for you I don't understand how they built that for you how do they know what that's gonna do for you right especially when they're especially the more complicated they get yeah kind of has to be like you know that's something that Chris was always that I really like to book Chris he never changed anything unless it needed to be changed yep it wasn't like do all this it was like do this and when that stops working do this right yeah so you know that's something that mean Chris have always grooved with so I remember one time Chris sent me taught me a lot Chris sent me my stack and I go hey I think I can't remember what I said in the text as like hey what do you want my cycle to look like he goes well I don't give cycles I just give advice and then the next line was just like like it was like that much advice yeah and I was like oh so simple I think that's what people don't realize is you know my first my first show with Chris you know when you your head and that it's out it was my first big show I asked him I said hey what am I gonna be eating those last three days because I want to prep my food and I never forget he says back I don't know it was all I said I don't know it was like my brain was struggling so so I told my I told my wife the channel I was like okay we'll cook enough of every food I eat for four days as in six meals of chicken six meals of that six so we showed up with like literally four times a amount of food I needed and then Chris goes what'd you bring and I said I brought everything you just everything I go you said you didn't know what I was gonna eat you just a lot of work fast shit fast shit yeah I was prepared and of course I ate like one type of meat the entire time and rice yes then you covered after exactly I got plenty of food for later I got a good one here that I want to hear about what inspired your amazing posing routine when you use the sound of silence at the Arnold's I don't think it was inspired by anything in particular but you know that's something my dad always was huge on was posing so right from the starting I took it super serious and like I always watched bodybuilding shows and I would think this guy looks amazing and it's like you look so good you've spent hundreds and thousands of hours on making your physique look like this and you can't even show it you can't show what you don't display it right you you're clearly not prepared display this and you know this physique the way it should be so I always took that really serious I always I always watched I always watch old posing videos who who are some of the guys who are something guys that you think were awesome I like Frank saying a lot loved Ed Corny you know those those two guys I really watched their I really like they're posing something about when they used to pose to know music I I like to like I've always kind of had that in the back my head I wanted to do that they come out and they just do this Frank saying could sit there pose for an hour to know music and you could just watch them pose after pose after pose after pose yeah and now it's painful to watch some people posing it's like oh they should right who do you it's like funny you said I guess there's a question man is best posing you've seen recently any anyone specific that you really enjoy watching that the pro now oh I fucking love Terrence Ruffin he's amazing I've been watching him since he did this posing routine at Toronto show one year I it's like some Britney Spears cover song or something but the it was so it was so good and and I and I've and I've always liked him since he's a super he's a super good bozer so he's definitely my favorite bozer for sure right now yeah I think that's almost across the board forever everybody that follows body like if you don't know his routines it's kind of like really well he he did make up some points at the Olympia this year I'm on the pin second because of the night show so you can just tell he does this homework he doesn't stop posing I really like uh uh shit his fucking name just skip my mind uh two twelve guys skip the Olympia the series one of H.D.s guys oh yeah I'm um key on no yeah yeah key on yeah key on he I don't I don't I don't remember any of his posing routines but his actually his actual posing you can call he sits there for an hour a day and and poses and holds them and knows he doesn't even have to guess he just lifts his arms and he shows because you know a lot of guys have these great physiques and then they lift their arms and they disappear what up right all your muscles disappeared they look great they're so impressive in the gym I got these 24 and charms huge chest whatever and that's like they're the thumbs and it's gone so I think that's a lot to do with practice and that guy key on two I was looking forward to seeing him on the two twelve stage because that guy's definitely on the top three. I'm always amazed with you guys that uh first guy I worked with unposing when I was really getting started you know I was hitting a lat spread just a basic pose and he said well you got two choices you can either go put on 20 pounds other next two years or I can teach you how to hit that pose right now so it looks like you put on 20 pounds today and I'm like I'll choose the second one yeah yeah and it is that drastic though I think a lot of guys don't realize when you work with the right person um specifically someone who knows your physique because if you're like someone like me that has things you really need to hide or get away from a good coach can help you as much as possible with that you know. I haven't really had any I haven't really had a lot of posing advice but I'm type of guy that thinks you can learn anything from somebody so you know I'd never be against doing some posing with somebody too. You know he's learned I've always had a problem pulling my back out. I could never use these still it's hard. Oh it looks like you know that's how you do it. Yeah yeah everything I'll put it this way everything you do looks like you do it on purpose and that's so is something you know how you see guys pose and you think he doesn't realize you know that he's had a bad angle or whatever but you always the right spot. I'd want to hear it was what's your mental situation before a workout like do you have any sort of rituals you go through or does that happen later in the prep when when you got a big deep you have maybe more of that sort of ritual stuff going on? What I like to train in the morning because you know if I don't train in the morning especially when I'm really balls to the wall I'm nervous all day and you know I get that nervous feeling for my workout fuck I gotta go through this and you're thinking to put it all day and if I just get it out of the way in the morning I eat meal one perfect I would love to train after meal two but mentally I have to train after meal one especially with my business I get bothered after after 10 o'clock so I don't want my workout to be interrupted or to miss anything so yeah mentally it's like kind of like like to it's like a meditating thing I'll have my breakfast and stuff like myself up the workout and then you know get to the gym and get right out of it I don't do anything to the particular right right I know we've had some long discussions about like you know some guys crank the metal some guys you know that sort of stuff like music yeah yeah yeah that why I didn't know that as a JP maybe they are smashing things yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what do you listen to in your train I listen to everything I listen to some really funny 70s music sometimes because my you know you should listen to that with my dad and so kind of like I don't know it's relaxing but if I'm but I'll listen to like some heavy rock playstation playlists if I'm really not feeling it or I want to get in the zone you know yeah yeah so what's what's what's looking like there you can open your gym now right away here you're gonna have people in the gym does that make you busier suddenly or we'll much change yeah hi I mean there's just more it's it's definitely more distracting because there's people coming in and out it's I have a private gym like my I only have I only have 25 to 50 members of anytime so oh okay so you run it more like a studio yes and no it's an electronic entrance a lot of my clients they're like or my members not even clients they're just members are like I don't know I profile people I have a lot of lawyers and people that just don't want to be around people when they train and does you like I can relate yeah nobody gets bothered it's only you've ever the most there's two or three people train at the same time because that's probably 3000 square feet it's not huge I just like need my data so that's and I do train I do train at other gyms like I train at that body pro when it's open I train at pure muscle they have the selection you know I don't I don't have the machines I have I have freeway to have a few machines I have I have everything I have the meat potatoes I have what I need but I mean I do have to you know to I have to get out to other gyms for sure how far is pure from Hamilton what's the drive now or it's 20 minutes oh okay shit you know there's so many little so many cities out where you are I sometimes I think you're three hours away from them or neighbors Hamilton then Burlington it's very close no problems no problem yes it's it's not far at all well we're we're really thankful for having you on you gave us like quite a bit of time we didn't mean to go over an hour there with you but we appreciated Zane you're you know you've been lying low a little bit during this COVID stuff so I'm really glad to have you on and and know that you're planning on hitting the stage with the vengeance yeah I'm definitely going to come back thanks for remembering me yeah I'm not going to get forgotten you you've surprised how many dms I got just from people they're like holy shit you know I can't wait to see him back on a friend of mine actually message me and you know he was like what where's he been I was like where's everyone been yeah I don't people out there at all here they're like are you not competing I'm like fuck death and so but what are you talking about yeah well are you does the night that's the night both agreed one one a recent show that we're excited to see one stage because we want to see what we're wondering if the guys who lied low are the ones who are going to come back with the biggest vengeance you know rested healthy totally cleaned out nothing hurts training like madman you know that sort of thing and so we're really hoping that you're one of the guys that sort of shows your time away with you know not being able to make the 212 would be really nice I'd love to see that yeah yes you see what you're 30 I'm not even going to try there you go I don't want to I've already told myself and I've already announced it like I don't want to I'm not sacrificing anymore I want to be the best I can though the next few years because I'm only going to be doing this a few more years so I might as well look as good as I can and I don't care like as long as I can look as good as I can I might not be competitive in the open class but I'm definitely won't look bad I don't I don't I don't think the Zani acts give a shit where you place no and when I don't bring it around then I'll start competing there you go awesome and well I appreciate it Zane thank you very much for coming on and we wish all the best we'll talk soon thanks a lot guys awesome you bet Zane Watson I could be pro cheers wow oh good man it was good to have him on he's he's he's there's some of those in he you can tell he thinks about each answer before he says anything well you know what I like is he wants to make sure that he says he's like I want to be clear about this you know like I tend to get ahead of myself and then I have to go back and correct yeah I apologize all the time my bad that's actually what I thought and I was supposed to clean it up before I told you what I thought yeah no I actually I loved it though and I like I always like when people have a different style because I think that that's something you know it's interesting about I'm finding more and more or with social media is you post what you're doing and then people fight you on it and I'm like I didn't ask you to do this right I didn't I'm not on here selling a program telling you do this and even my own clients don't very few train the way I do it's not right for them so I'm fascinated at how many people immediately assume that you're like pushing them I'm like I'm gonna fuck how you train yeah yeah and there's you know a hundred ways to get to the same finish on I mean listen to how he's training and I just said in there that is completely opposite of what I do yeah you can you told I get peeled okay I guess they both work yeah yeah yeah well I mean I'm always a believer in that you have to like the way you're training to be that doesn't mean enjoy because you can like something that's hard yeah but and then also you have to like be motivated to apply yourself to it to see the progress like you have to make the plan work right like a lot of people are like all this training isn't working for me like you have to make it work for you like this training you don't just go in the jam you don't just read the program I give you and it says you know two working sets first set six to eight second set 10 to 12 and you don't just do six to eight and then do 10 to 12 and then move on to the next exercise and go this work out is a work for me no you're six to eight wasn't your form was and then on the 10 to 12 your intensity was shit so you blew your form on the first set and you blew your intensity on the second set the two most important things right you blew one on each set yeah well and that's the other things it's just it's the execution because I think at the end of the day intensity is what matters I really do think that intensity matters is hard fucking hard it's Chris would say exactly how do I train fucking hard exactly so but yeah it is plus I think sometimes it's nice just to have a tweak like as you know it's something I enjoy about our travel as we would go somewhere and I'd be like let's use this machine I don't have one yeah or I don't know how this machine is let's make it work yeah and then all this is a short as fuck yeah for three days because your body some little tweak on a different shoulder press which is still a shoulder press whipped your ass you know what I mean another thing too as I always enjoyed giving a machine a chance like you might get in at the first set you might go oh I don't like that but I wouldn't just move on because I want to give every machine a chance and then you okay I move the seat can move the platform a bit can move my feet oh you know what actually that is pretty good you know like I'm I've had a little more patience because I want to try to find you know you don't you don't want to miss a gem oh go I every gem I've been in there's a machine that if you already use it normally totally normally it wouldn't quite work for you but maybe you wedge a pad in the chest because my arms are long and all of a sudden I get a good stretch on it now I like this machine right so there's always the there's always the odd gem that you kind of have to like work with sometimes and that goes with everything and training that goes with every technique I give the technique a chance like apply it to a few sets like try it out maybe you'll love it on Lake Press right like respawn sets you know some people maybe they're just not applying respawns to the right exercises they're trying to do respawns on in kind dumbbell press yeah and it's like well you're wrestling the dumbbells up three fucking times in a row and it's awesome from picking them up and then you know you're losing stability and the foreign strap is sketchy and you know blah blah blah blah blah so you just have to kind of like play with them that's my opinion on pretty much everything yeah so that's why I like these things because you you do you find or you find a time and a place for things like every type like as I'm training right now my things just are going really well in the back of my head I'm always wondering like how long am I really trained like this before I have to stop before it's smart to go do something else right right right you know and for now everything I'm you know knock on wood healthy and everything's rolling but I am always looking like okay well when this when this is no longer good what will I do to create the same intensity the same result in a different way because I'm fucking ancient and I shouldn't be doing this anymore you know not always you need to be recovering that's something's happening yeah I love seeing your bent row videos it's the jokes I know there yes I know there is staple I appreciate them very much but yeah if your body stay in healthy man you know I mean I started getting hurt all the time and I I started getting you know mechanical issues with my one try sap that changed how and then you know I just sort of like my my training evolved as I got kind of collected injuries definitely and where points and stuff but I now the way I train now actually wish I would have like I know it's subtle difference on paper it looks very similar to how I've always trained but there's differences but the way I train now I actually wish I would have trained like that in my last site four or five years as a as a bodybuilder because it's just a little bit more sensible than well that's why that's why I asked him about how at his stage of his career he was able to make this decision because you know you are extremely well informed in all areas of bodybuilding so it's not like you were training the only way you knew how right you were training the only way you ever trained but the knowledge that you're using now you had then it's just it is difficult to like it's working like what you were doing is what because I hammer on that I guess it's that walking the line like I'm surprised on the same way of some people who forget like I always say don't forget to brought you to the dance like you guys will you know wind shows do great have nothing to say about their coach but anything they're like oh I joined this team well number one there's no fucking teams in bodybuilding or up there alone right I'm sorry you changed why like I that is kind of the same thing where in this regard I see why it's hard is my point when you're in your training because you're like dude this is what got me here this is why I'm run part of that everybody fucking knows it's difficult to go I think I'm gonna go you know 80 degrees different right I know you mean that same result so it's it's interesting because it is picking your battles on wind to do that because like you said I imagine your body would be even healthier now you'd probably still have the same result but but hard to step away from it when you're in it I had I had someone ask me a question it was uh name a few times because you know when you train for so many years it's hard to like pinpoint things that actually cause improvement you know what I mean because it's also cumulative yeah well I don't know I train so hard that year and eight so much food that I'm not really sure why my back grew a bit right like it was everything I did you know right but their question was um name name a point where you changed one thing and or you changed something and it definitely without question improved something I think it was it just a feeling it was like like pictured a picture yeah and there's funny there's there's two times that actually three times that I remember and I don't know why I remember these specific times because I you know would have happened a lot of times but I remember when I first started working with Scott Abel was 2000 late 2003 to 2004 we started working together and uh he changed my program and he raised my volume a lot and of course he didn't quite I don't think we quite communicated how like intensity I'm training yeah so but one of the things about the volume was he had a lot of dumbbell flies in my routine and I had always been very press oriented and I maybe just did one fly movement or I did like two working sets of flies and then I do a one set of crossovers and I'd be it for chest you know and he had like you know four or five sets of dumbbell flies in my routine and I remember my chest immediately like from the time I hired him to my next contest was only like eight months later and one of the things that everybody said at that show is your chest is way thicker what did you do and I met Rod's like but I look back and it wasn't just that he bumped volume up and I did more dumbbell flies right it was I also altered the way I was doing my flies I had like a little bit more of an awareness of how the pecs really actually move you know and I just had like a different I remember I I tweaked my dumbbell fly because my previous my previous form had been hurting my shoulders a bit and so I changed how I did flies and then I did more of them and something blew up on my chest and then there was another time in the off season of 2006 2007 I trained back twice a week I had a pull down day and a row day and they weren't high yeah they weren't high volume like the pull down day was like six working sets there are five working sets and the row day was like five to six working sets right and that year I won my class at Nationals and the judges I shared two judges tell me that I will you brought your back up a lot this year and so the reason why I so I had someone say oh so you think you should train everything twice a week and I go well no the reason I think my backrace because I was training everything else once a week like you still only have so much recovery yeah seeing us is getting bigger every day yeah you can't say oh I trained my back twice a week and it got better so therefore I should train everything twice a week but it's now you're doing different math now on your recovery and you have to look at some of the other factors right so yeah there's a handful of things like that where you make a change and and you actually see a difference in the event that next show I could clear difference for you like oh shit that worked yeah I did that with legs actually it has yet to be seen yet but I did that where I trained legs three days a week but what people didn't realize is I I didn't train anything else right like literally I trained Monday Wednesday Friday legs and I just didn't touch my upper body for like two and a half months and the funny thing was I always knew my upper body would come back quick as soon as I started touching weights again so I lost my weight was probably the same by the time it was done because I had lost size up top but it all bounces right back I mean literally within a month of me training my upper body especially my back really shoot back up but my legs came up and now they're still here they stayed there you know back twice a week but it's time and twice a week because it's quasi one day hams and that so it's really still once you know right right right did you have any questions you wanted to go over dusty we run a lot today we're an hour from now I'm pretty solid we we answered all because I didn't do any individuals this time because I knew with saying a lot of people would want direct for him which yeah I was stoked because they they did like they were they were very much the only question I had which I guess we could hit real quick was I got to know what are some inconveniences that you experienced once you were 320 you know I just as big as you've you would have never thought about when you got into bodybuilding just talked about one the other day I went for my first MRI when I was like 320 five and I did not realize how tight those machines were and they almost didn't put me in it they tried to put they put like a thing on your neck to like hold your head down so it doesn't move but when she pushed on it to click it it literally like choked me in my face like turned purple right and so she had to like unclick it because I was like there's no fucking way you could leave that on you're about to choke yeah so they took a four-head band and they like put it over my neck and pulled it like snug and then they had this like makes shift wedge jammed in this forehead band thing and they're like you can't move your head because I was getting a neck a cervical MRI right anyways so they kind of finally get me all clicked in and I'm like oh fuck and then she started to put me in and like as I slide in like my shoulders just go like this yeah because it's like a tiny little tube it's like their jamming you in a culvert exactly what it is and I got in and I had like a moment where I was like oh no this like 830 in the morning right I'm like oh no fuck this fuck this I hit the button click click click they pull me right back out I'm like give me out of here for a second they take the thing off my neck I'm like stood up I'm like I'm gonna need a minute I was not prepared for the claustrophobia that I just experienced let me gather myself right whatever you do got a cheat I gotta go do some yoga poses or whatever the fuck so I literally took like a lap around the ward right I like walked around the ward what does like fuck okay let's get your head in this like you I just like up like you just get in yeah it was it was I don't know what it was I was not prepared for that I'm a little bit claustrophobic like I don't like that shit right when I could feel my own breath hitting me back in the face it's like oh the fuck out of here you know masks yeah mask there you go so so I got a little zend you know took five five minutes tops went back in there laid down clicky click slimmyan fell asleep you know they they actually make machines that are bigger for me yeah it looks like a Penini press basically yeah in the future ask for the fact I won that's why I was yeah yeah yeah so that that was that that was a that was a a surprise that I didn't think being huge was going to bring but yeah you have to tell them that like if you're getting an upper body MRI when you call you have to literally say like I'm 310 but I'm also a bodybuilder meaning my shoulders are 9 inches wider than like you knew explain they're like oh okay you can't come to this hospital you got a little one down here that have that yeah I was wanted to get I was I was wanted to get a stand up one because it's the most accurate right it's hard to find not everyone has a stand up MRI I've never done it I didn't know they existed yeah because then you can actually see the compression on the spine right you know because you're having a rap yeah and then obviously sometimes some people like they're posture tweaks out a little when they stand and it shows things it you know or they did know like how they make they not move when you're at that's a thing fucking all over the place yeah apparently you can show without moving you can see it's more accurate inside the knee too because things drive down and then you know gaps are different but yeah anyways what about you you know what I feel like you like for the for the most part you know everything the only thing I really was blindsided by was which sounds silly was dress clothes oh yeah just because you know you know that everyone goes in and they have a suit tailored you can't fabric is fabric you can only be tailored so far before it's just a completely different thing so if you want I mean no you're wrong you can buy a suit it'll just look like shit if you want your stuff to look right it has to be a complete custom and when I when I reached that point I was not financially ready for a complete custom so yeah I was I was I was like too broke to buy really nice dress clothes for a long time yeah I looked like I looked sloppy I felt like I looked worse in dress clothes because they weren't tailored properly yeah you look like a fat kid yeah and it's like but I didn't have two three thousand fucking dollars so I was like what I wear this twice a year because my ass was going to do great yeah yeah just you know if I had a fuck off I'll look like a slob for 12 hours oh good yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah once I get there I'll take this damn jacket off it doesn't fit anyways right and then as soon as everybody's three or four rums in I can untuck my shirt and then we're home free I know it gives a shit but literally I remember that I was like because I went to a place in the guy was like looking at me and I'm like what is 300 bucks I'm ready let's do this I saved my my pesos let's do but yeah so now that you know what's funny is now and hindsight you know how there's like we've talked about there's things you don't want to spend money on that's still my thing I'm like you know why I have this nice shirt because JP gave it to me I will you call that color again lilac lilac yeah I felt like pretty hardcore I put it on this one was like forget me to fancy fancy yeah yeah yeah yeah but it's funny so we negotiated the deal he sends me the stuff and I felt like a child I get it and I just literally I had to go to gym and I hadn't worn anything yet because it took forever to get here so I just busted open the first one I had through it in the dry real quick to take the wrinkles I had and I put it on and I'm driving my text him I'm like this shit is really fucking nice like when I shirt you know back when I like to train like when I was big I like to train like the three quarter length well like you know I want to sleeve that goes below my bias hat oh yeah that's to go below the elbow a little bit you know and when you're driving and it sits right in that perfect little spot there and you're like oh this is just a good shirt you know what he said he sent me a leg day five XL oh there you go and you know you got to have like the giant leg day shirt I was so I get opened up but I was so happy I'm like I don't know this is intentional I well played I had a moment Dusty I gave away I gave away my favorite leg day shirt you've had a lot of time no no no he's not he's not heavy enough there's a kid at the gym he works for us his name's Carson good kid I help him with this you know if when he wants to compete he calls me and he hit 280 this year he got a particularly graduation present yeah he's young he's young already he just you know he played big call to football and stuff and he's he hit 280 this year and and he's filling out the big hoodies now so I had the red five X pulp fiction t-shirt with um the thermon smoking on the front I was like one of my favorite shirts and it was I was barely big enough to fill it out at like two ninety right right it would have been glorious back in the day it would have been perfect and I thought I can't wear this anymore now because the shoulder seems like down on my tricep so so I was like I have to I can't let this shirt go to like a like a we can't go to like a donation bin or something it has to go to a young body builder who can you know wear it till it's faded and I understand the value so so I was like here you go buddy we understand like there's a moment yeah yeah and then now now he started died in and he's lost a bit of weight and he's like I don't know if it's gonna fit very much longer and I'm like that's part of the reward of getting bigger it'll fit again someday next year it'll fit again and in two years it'll fit when you died yes that's the goal right use it as a marker that's how you set that's how you set the goals I had many of them oh I I found clothes were you know what it was is when you're when you're younger I remember putting on stuff and being like I don't look very big in this so I wouldn't wear it yeah yeah and then when you get really big you're like how we're black it should tone it down a little bit it won't look so down a little bit I remember I I had this tool t-shirt from a concert I went to and it was like one of my favorite shirts but when I died it down the sleeves weren't tight so it's like ah fuck that shirt doesn't look right the sleeves yeah it's one of those shirts with the sleeves it got to be tight like it's that length it's like an old school t-shirt that's a little higher and then like you know the years went by and the arms grew a little and then all of a sudden I was like ah this is a contest diet shirt now I can wear this to the gym on arm day yeah but you couldn't wear it to the offices and you can say yes it's a fat belly yeah yeah yeah yeah fucking love it okay okay well let's slide everybody go let's put them out of our misery that see we've been on for a while it was great episode 80 there's still coming back it's amazing we should get Scott to add up all the views take all the views and lessons on on the audio and the YouTube of all the episodes add them up and then we can start bragging and go and we have you know can we can we cover that a little bit you know double them yeah anyone who even saw the thumbnail extra yeah start adding all the Instagram sees like just people who saw the clip they name it like it or they're just members of Instagram funs in members just kind of the co-writer question seven million views of our episode okay okay great okay thanks guys remember like share subscribe comment ring the bell and remember it's just bodybuilding