I a lot of guys that are like maybe they're 205 on stage or 207 on stage and they want to be 260 on stage. There's only the route there is not straight to 260. The route there is a road to like 310 multiple times and 320 if you can force down enough food to get there. That's just what I'm saying. I just don't believe you get there without doing it for at least the first 10 years. Right. And how'd you get so big, so young? Because I was like 300 pounds and I was like 24 or 25 or something. How'd you get? Well, I was just a machine of consuming food and lifting heavy weights. I did not give a single. Everybody welcome to it's just body building. Of course we're all here. Your host Big Ron Partlo, Dusty Han Shah and the producer Scott McNally is gonna swear. I was gonna say that F and Beth is a producer ever and then I thought that will upset him so much. Oh yeah. You have to get it. 10 seconds that he's a guy. Yeah. I appreciate the emotion behind it. My restraint has improved. Remember to like share, subscribe, comment and ring the bell. I am mutant.com. You guys are killing it by ordering off the mutant website. I see it in these emails come through all the time. Your code is used, your code is used. So I imagine Dusty's code is probably 10 times of what minus so he must mini-mari. Yeah. So he finds the only one that works in North America. So Dusty's getting. This is getting renewed. I'm getting dropped. And but I do appreciate that you're helping me as I head out the door. You can see in the show. Yeah. Yeah. We need you. I need you in the middle. Big Ron, 20 and Dusty 20 are your codes. I recommend you alternate them. Just like two dusties, like two dusties, one Ron. The ones around. Yeah. Do dusties. Wait a minute. What was it? 10 Dusty. Ron's. Is it two runs. There we go. To only one Dusty. I don't know. I forgot you had that shirt. Look at this thing every time. Oh my shirt. Look at this shirt. I got big Ron. Right. Sometimes I train with Ron the good old days. See I got pretty good shape once. Look at this. This is not bad at all man. That's a great shot. Beautiful. Yeah. I'll show you where to round town because people like you got like a freak on your shirt. I think they think it's you with no beard. I have had that a couple of times actually. Is that you? I'm like, oh, look at my arm. Almost. I appreciate. I appreciate that they think that I used to be that good looking. Imagine if Ron wore a shirt around. How about that if Ron wore that shirt every day? Is that what you're most like to say to you guys? Yeah. Similar perversions. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that shirt comes from Richard and Lindsay. Yeah. Jesus Christ. And it's really great to have that shirt and that shirt back on the way up to you. Yeah. Two members of the gym at West Coast Island. They're fantastic members. And Richard also happens just funny little coincidence. Also happens to be a BMX rider. Oh, he he's a racer and his families into racing. Like his kids racing everything. So. So when he saw my flat land videos, he'd stop me at the gym. He's like, hey, I raised BMX and he rides like, you know, totally different bike. But yeah. And he's made a few of these shirts or hilarious. And he came to the gym with one of those on one day. And I was just like, oh man, this is crazy. So he gave me it at the Olympia two years ago. And I didn't tell Ron, I just went in the back and put it on. And then we like, I came out. We took a picture with a few people. And I was like, this is cool. You're the first person. You get a picture with two runs in a dusty. And he laughed, but it was like a courtesy laugh. Because he had no idea what I was talking about. Yeah, yeah. I do a lot of courtesy laughs at that. And then he looked at me and he goes, oh. So yeah, I will I will run on the shirt for the rest of the day. It was fantastic. I had way more fans once he was with me. So yeah, it was popular. So that the funny story behind that photo, because you know, I can't let a story go. Sorry, guys. I have to tell this story. So Jason Breeze took that picture. Okay. Our good friend Jason Breeze. You know, we all know. Oh, no. Yeah, she shot everybody. You know, and shot everybody from like everybody. And he took that photo. And what happened was we had a photo shoot at Gold's Jim and Edmonton. And it was the day after Nationals in 2012. And I went 6 a.m. Mutant photo shoot. And we went and did the shoot. And it was like shoot went really well. I looked great. I was, you know, but I felt like I could have looked better. I felt like I was actually a bit flat. And it was the morning after the show. But that's because the show went till midnight. Like I literally came off stage at 11 30 the night before. And I barely ate. I had to go to bed. And I didn't really, you know, I didn't do the gallon of water through a pizza and wake up crazy huge. I just like, I don't know, I ate a little bit of food went to bed. And I woke up in the morning and I didn't really feel like I'd had any, like, I thought, felt flatter than on showday, really weirdly. So I was kind of bummed out. Because I was trying to drink at the photo shoot. And it just wasn't, it wasn't hit. It wasn't sticking. You wasn't sticking. I had some donuts and just, you know, nothing really went crazy. So we went and we had a huge meal at Ricky's, which is like, Denny's. It's like better than Denny's though. But when had a pancake, I had a big waffle with whipped cream on it and I digs and steak and we just ate. And we're sitting there for like an hour and a half chatting all the guys from the shoot. And everyone started kind of leaving to go home and Jason Breeze looked at me. And he goes, we got to go back to the gym man. Oh, I'm not going to go really. And he's like, you're covered in veins. I go after go take some pictures. So we ran in real quick when we went back to the gym. Like one in the afternoon, he put one light up and we just look like like 50 pictures in one spot. And I grabbed some dumbbells again and I kind of read it some stuff. Yeah. And then he sent me that photo and I was like, oh my God, it's like one of the best pictures I've ever seen of myself. So so yeah, Jason Breeze. There you go. That whole life of body building for one picture I like. Right? That's pretty much how it works. Everyone's got this. You got your like five photos that you're like, all right. So there were five moments in my entire career of 15 plus years that I thought I looked okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I hate my triceps. Yeah. Back to self-loathing. Yeah. It never goes away. Okay. What are we talking about today, guys? We all did a bunch of questions. We kind of did our own question box. I tried it in the in the post today and it worked phenomenally. I wasn't sure. I was like, I'm not going to. I'm not going to Instagram post, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. It's the only place where old people go. Old people were there. So wait, Facebook used to be only for old people now. And just, I just made a whole people's parents. This is a whole. Okay. Instagram is now just old people. Okay. I'm just trying to keep up here. Okay. Yeah. It's tough at our age. But so anyway, Ron, you had a great one about body building around the world. So yeah. I had a good question. My question box, I had a good one. It was the body building philosophy different around the world. Like, is the training style, that sort of thing. How does body building vary from country to country? And what do you notice? And I thought that was a cool topic because I think that's always kind of been a thing that we've talked about in body building. Mm-hmm. I remember, I remember back in the day hearing that like, you know, the California bodybuilder's train twice a day. Remember, like Arnold's day. Yeah. And then like, you know, the European guys did this or, you know, they did like, you know, Serge New Bray was in France doing like 30 sets of chests with, you know, light weights, but doing all sets of 20 and stuff like that. And I remember hearing like, there was like, these are pockets of people, even back in the day that trained a certain way. And then, you know, fast forward to Dorian, you know, Dorian. And now when I go to England, I feel like there's an extra dense culture of the heavy duty style of training. Oh, yeah. You know, really, his legacy is just woven into the culture of bodybuilding there. More so than anywhere else. Mm-hmm. And so, you know, what do you guys think? There's also like, you know, the legends of Kuwait, you know, like, what's going on in Kuwait? You know, like, all the oxygen, like, lower, you know, so like, I don't know, what do you guys, what other examples can you think of? Well, so here's what I think too to break it down even further. And why I think it's this way is in the states, I think there's different training in different states. And I think there's a part of the reason that that takes place is because of who's around. Yeah, you know, if you train, like, for example, where I do now, South Carolina, a little, you know, big box gym, you would be blown away if someone dropped you into Metro Flex for a day. Oh, for sure. So, you know, when the likes of Branch and Ronnie and Johnny have built a gym, and then you go in there at 17 years old, well, what are you going to train? Like, at least try to emulate. It's going to be them. Um, so I find that that's kind of what starts to take place as well. You know, you go into these places. I know Ron, you're not both going to some of these hardcore gyms in New York and you walk in there. And everyone trains like an animal. Like, and you're talking about guys in like jeans and t-shirts, and then you look over and he's rapping 405 on an incline. You're like, what is happening in this place? You know, crazy stuff. But you know, then you come somewhere like I said here, and we have a lot of pros here. Actually, I believe in them, and there's probably six or seven at train at my gym. And good, you know, good pros. I mean, Jeremy Poppin train series been top 5 of the Olympia before. And it's like, but that being said, intense training does not exist. Like, there's I put up a post about it today because I see people who I speak to and they're talking about wanting to turn pro and this and that and I watch them training them like, oh, you don't want to turn pro. I just reposted it. I said, but you're really, must read. Yeah. So those, you know, those are things I see, but I will say to piggyback on Ron, when I went to the UK for the first time. And I mean, coincidentally, I was training in Dorian's gym, but I was like, there's more of us because everyone in the place. I mean, like, guys, they just go there, but they weren't there for the show. They trained there. It was awesome. And then I did a couple, I did a couple guest appearances at shows in the UK. Yeah. At everyone. I mean, this sounds Blake and like a blanket statement, but they get sliced. I mean, the top five or any level is disgusting. They're like, like, here you've got a few people in the states, you know, for the most part, unless it's a huge show, there's a couple that come in and shape over there. Yeah. If you're not inside out, do not go on stage. You'll be impressed. Yeah, there's some screws loose in the UK in the UK. I love them. You know, there's a lot of people. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I feel like I feel like Jordan Peters has really brought like influence that. Oh, yeah. You know, it's a second that, you know, there was like Dorian and then, and then that, like, that next wave came through of guys, like, you know, I mean, Luke and James were peak two of the mountain, right? Luke, Luke, Luke, and Sprening. Remember when they were training together, it was like, oh, this is, this is like round two of UK in your face, right? You know? And so yeah, it's, I love it. I've always said repeatedly that I love UK bodybuilding and I feel at home there. And I've, and everyone's just so cool to me there, like, like, this is so awesome at the gyms. You know what I mean? Yeah. So when I was, when I went out there to the FITX FITX bow, it was, I guess, two, two years ago now in Liverpool, you could see. So you see it here, too. But there was a much higher density of people that were wearing T-shirts that were like three to half sizes to buy. Yeah. You know, and when you see those guys, you know, you don't even have to ask, you know what you know with my mindset. I call it the progressive overload uniform. And there's a few different uniforms. It's kind of like, like all uniforms, like they don't all look the same, you know, like, but there's a uniform. Yeah. And so there's a few different types, like you might be sweats tucked into your socks with a lumberjack shirt on, right? Or you might be the Trinby GP sweats with like four X T-shirt hanging down your knees. Literally, same, same, same, not the same company, but the same uniform. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he knows exactly what he did last time he did this. Yeah, he's got a rock book somewhere. You look like a waste of what's in there. You're looking around for it. And they're not doing this because they want to, they're, let me put it this way. They're not doing it for the superficial reasons a lot of times. Yeah. They're doing it because they have something wrong in their head and they're trying to fix it. They're trying to fix it with really heavy weight. And they know it's not going to work, but they know they're going to get really big in the process. I guess I could just put a normess pressure on this problem. Yes, I was, I was just, I don't think anyone's trying to fix it. It's gotten, yeah, we're just trying to find it out. Oh, wait a utilize it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, harness the dark light. Oh, it's, you know what I like to see, you know what I like to see. It makes me think like, ah, I think a real like deep, deep body builder. Like this is coming from inside. And when you see a guy who's big, he's got like some real street cred in his physique. You know, like maybe it's 250 looks thick. Looks like he, you know, he's based put some real time in. Big thick guy. You know what you can tell he's squatting heavy. You know, you're like, guys, moving weight. And he sees his forearms and they're not shaved. I'm like, oh, that guy is so busy eating. He doesn't have to eat. He doesn't have to eat. He's trying to eat his forearms. He's Balkan hard. He's eating. He's so sore after late days. I can't be bothered to shave my forearms. Yeah, it's me feel like that's a guy to watch. He's going to be like the, he's going to show up at the next show and destroy everybody. Yeah, yeah. That's what I like to think, you know. I like the math, the equation there. But yeah, I think it's, it's great to see. And um, and you can really see it start to build in certain areas, though, because uh, going back, every time I go back to West Coast Iron, it's different now. Like, uh, because what, what I enjoy about that portion, I'm not talking about just bodybuilding anymore, it is it's seeping into your like weekend warriors. Okay. And you go to West Coast and you watch somebody who's, you know, I mean, I'm not saying they're not in great shape, but they don't compete. But you watch them train and you can see they've picked up on the energy and how to train. And and you can also see there because it's a lot of the same people coming every day. Like people helping each other out. Yeah. You see that there's an education taking place in how to train. Not just sets and reps in form, but intensity in that kind of stuff. And it's it's cool to see because you really see in the right environment, how it does. It's bleeds into everything. And and it's wild to watch because we're talking their average member. Like, I mean, just I'd say like something like my mother, she was going to the gym there. What would happen to her training in a year of being there would be absurd because it's a positive energy, though, because they see these, I mean, they got some freaks to train that gym and it's wild to see because you can tell it's all. If there was negative energy, I assume wrong would boot them because I've never seen it. So it's well, it's hard to see there. We've had you. I've seen it grow too, Dusty. You know, because the first time I went out to West Coast Iron was, I think July of 2019. And came out and Braiden was a lot smaller back then. You were training with Braiden still. We got a shoulder workout in. It was probably like 230, not 270. Yeah, very, very different physique back then. Still ugly. Did you? Did you? Did you? That was insane. But the gym had a good energy, but then coming back with you guys last year, I could see it not only was there like more equipment, did you guys knock walls out, move things around, get more stuff. But you could see the energy had changed and there were just a lot more people that were all like minded. Like you could see it had just developed a lot more sense. I wasn't quite expecting that. Like I was like, I've been here before. I know what it's like. But you could see the dynamic head evolved. I mean, if you look back, you can probably, you know, you know, it has. But to have that, it's kind of like when you haven't seen somebody in a while, you know, six-puncillator. Yeah, wow, you gained 10 pounds. You know what I mean? Right, right, right. Yeah, and I really appreciate that guys. You know, it's funny. The other day, I was actually loobing up some race. What? Oh, live. Loobing, loobin, things up. I was doing some gym maintenance. I was just in there, you know, puts in around on equipment. And, and I, I was just kind of watching this one kid do pull downs on one of the high rows, you know, on the banana high row. Yeah. And, um, I mean, he didn't look like he was like bigger anything. He's like 175 pound guy, you know, just in there, right, training. And I was like, oh, he's like totally like driving his L. Bo down perfect body position, right? Like, you know, he even had his thumb on the outside of the handle, which I know, like, a few guys have said, like, really emphasize, you know, like, don't let your hand wander. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. He just had everything lined up the way he was sitting. And he was going to like, perfect mechanical failure. And then he kind of cheated out a couple of reps. And then he held a long stretch and just sat there in a stretch and then he let it go. And I was like, oh, that just random kid that looks like just a normal gym class, like, just at a high school type of kid, just did like a perfect set to mechanical failure with, like, all the tips that you'd get watching, you know, Joe Bennett's Instagram or JP train, right? And I just saw, man, that's awesome. Like, people are just like this next generation if they just apply themselves, it goes back to how all the tools that we need to be anything are right here. And if you just utilize it in any way, you know, just take it against, we would have had if we would have been doing like all the right stuff the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Like the guys from the 70s could have said that about the guys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, but it's all in, you know, it just makes you, I guess we'll see. We'll see then, you know, maybe we'll get a, maybe we'll, you know, I don't know how much bigger physics can get than like, rammy, right? Like how big can we actually get? Yeah. But what I think we will see is a wave of younger guys getting humongous because they're starting earlier, just how everything works with numbers and how long you do it. You know what I mean? Like, you know, the Nick Walker phenomenon where you're, how old was he when he went? One is pro card, like 23 year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how. Yeah. So like that Nick Walker thing, I think, I think that's actually going to get more common. You know, the right. Well, yeah, you know what I mean? Just this because of numbers and kids doing everything right from, of the very start. Like if you start at 14 and you do every single workout, yeah, perfectly, imagine, you know, 24, how bigger you, right? So I'm just taking it's exciting, you know? Absolutely. It's, uh, it's funny. And now that we've completely zeroed our topic anyways, I'm going to go with this. Yeah. So I'm at the gym this morning. And you know, the other day I put up a joking, not joking thing with mutant about people throwing gum in the urinals. I saw that. I saw that. I was like, that's what the bathroom in there's here. What am I watching right now? Videoing the bathroom. Yeah. I'm going to end up on what's this had supposed to do. But anyways, um, the, the thing that bothered me in response to it was, every answer was these young kids, these young kids have no respect. I'm like, how do you know who does this? And it's like, and a few people like all these broccoli-haired kids and all this stuff. And I thought the funniest part was, you know, as we're doing these things with mutant, you try to like, you're having fun, but you don't want to consistently sound like a negative asshole. Like everything ever goes. Is bad. Right. But it kind of made me think in reverse. I'm like, you know what I think is, is sad about our generation of people. Is everything has become negative? Because when I'm in the gym now, the one thing I see with these terrible broccoli head kids is they're all in their training, having fun, push each other. If you go to their Instagram posts, I follow a bunch of them. They like support each other and, you know, with each other on. And today I walk in a, in the locker room. And I was, it was like a moment fall back to my passers, four kids in there. And they're talking about their workout. And they're having rice crispy treats to get their palm. Oh, yeah. This is my potter. You know what I'm like? Yeah. It just, it baffles me that, that, that, hour generation decides to only look at the things that bother us about them. And I'm like, it's a good point. As someone who has a 15 year old kid that's in the gym all the time, I'm like, I'm sorry, I'm aware that she's there for two and a half hours and needs to be there for 40 minutes. Yeah. But I'd like her to be there. Where else would one of these? So somewhere else. Right. Like, yeah, hurt me anything. You know what I mean? And it's not bad. It's great to me that at 15 years old with a little bit of muscle mass. When she's done training, she wants to go look at her pumps and take pictures of like, that means you were good. Because when I was 15, all I thought about was how about I sucked and to stay covered up until I had some muscle mass. Yeah. I have no pictures for my first four shows because I said to myself, I don't want pictures until I'm good. What I would do to go back and have my first six months of training like she has in year and year and a half. And the changes are wild and I have proof because she does all this stuff. So I don't know, just something to think about when everyone wants to hammer on these kids. I'm like, plus as someone who plans on owning a gym and like, I want them all. I want the memberships. Sure. Sure. Yeah. No, man. I agree with you. I try to think of all the positives that come out of every next round. You know, we might see some amazing, amazing stuff out of this next round. You know, time is the ultimate factor. Hey Scott, I just sent you on a text. Yeah. A guy actually sent me a question into my, um, into my DMs. I thought it was cool because he sent me some pictures. I was like, what's the girl? Let's do it live. I'm a real great. Oh, thanks for reminding me. I've got a Patreon physique critique too. So I'll pull that up later. You're going to be on that now as well. So you want to do that. The, but the picture is up first. What are we doing here, Dusty? Throw the question first and then let's, um, possible the pictures and, what is he saying here? Question for. Oh, I got, I got the same, same one. I also do it. Yeah. Yeah. With the path should my first real push using compounds. Keep it tight or go full big raw mode for reference, spin body building on TRT for a year, uh, finished a hard cut. Well, I'm going to, you know, we're trying to not put up doses on the screen lately. That's been a, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's been a helpful thing. Um, he says, uh, finished a hard cut and, uh, now on two weeks of a push. She says the up to the test to, from 250 to 500 started 75 MP now, and now it's at 150. Um, got down to 230 was 240 for checking in yesterday. Um, had two big cheats and woke up at 240 eight. Uh, this is normally my weight was, but this is normal for my weight body weight was pretty watery. I'll tighten up again. So what does he, what is he asking here, dusty? He wants to know how to, I mean, it seems like he wants to know what to do as far as growing. He said, keep it tighter, go fill full big raw mode. Throw his, uh, his pictures up. Yeah, that. I mean, he's obviously made awesome change. And, uh, I thought it was important to throw this up because I, I feel like this is the one area in my opinion that things have gotten lost is, you're not going to put on, put on maximum amount of tissue on the lowest possible doses without eating more food than is necessary. Yeah, you know, there, there has to be an excess like, um, and, and I think, and that's a question that Dante put up as well that will answer in a little bit, but it's like, so to me, the answer is simple. Don't get, you know, I get nervous when they say full big raw mode. Like, you get, you get really big, but I think they're confused on like how, like, fat and bigger are not the same thing. So it doesn't water you. I didn't really want to. Yeah, I totally water. It doesn't mean though that you're like, for example, if you're eating a proper plan diet and you're at a, you know, an excess of calories, you now have to be even more aware of extra food you have. Your flat line is above maintenance by quite a bit. So when you start tone in the two, three, five, nine cheat meals a week, you get fat. Yeah, and that's not necessary. But I do think that the, putting on a big baggy t-shirt and disappearing for a year is a great idea. Yeah, people, you know, like, I try to illustrate sometimes the water thing. Like, the everyone now is really like, they don't want to hold water. They're always like, her own, hold water, own, hold water. But, um, and I'm not saying that we were right, but we just didn't worry about that at all. Like, obviously, I'm comfortable or if it was like, somebody, you know, you do something about it. You don't want to hold a bunch of unnecessary water, but we didn't worry about having fluid on our body. So I remember one year the year I worked with Chad Nichols. I was 330 and 10 days later, started the diet 10 days later. I was 308. Okay. Yeah. So I lost 22 pounds in the first 10 days on the diet. And that was just water. Like, my belt came in an inch. My ankles got tighter. My legs hardened up. My waist came down. And I was like, oh, I'm not like full of food anymore. And I was just like, you know, bloated in watery and my face even like came down. Like, I remember at the time everyone was like, oh, yeah, you're like, again, leaner already. You know what I mean? Yeah. But obviously, that's not body fat. It's only been 10 days. It's just fluid running off from being so full of carbs and just eating and eating. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, so, you know, if you start your diet in 10 days later, you're down two pounds. And we get a lot of water on you. So yeah, why think what throws it off a little bit to is who we follow. Okay. Because Nick Walker got to be, if not the the most popular body below the planet right now. Yeah. Nick is not trying to put on massive amounts of size. So when you see him, cross-striated and serratus and all this stuff year round, it's like, that's how you do that. No, first off, Nick Walker's Nick Walker, his genetics are his genetics. And he works harder than anyone I know. So when you factor in all of those things, plus he's already there, that's, he needs to do that. His hit the hand he's been dealt. He needs to make sure he's keeping the waist tight and doing all these things. So part of their plan is to stay tighter. But for you when you're trying to put on mass, that is not the time to play the Nick Walker game. You need to get big. You know, and I will say the figure. I would rather error on the being too fat than too lean if you're trying to put on size. Yeah, I don't want to sound like I do not think I was a great bodybuilder. I was too tall, my arms are too long, there's lots wrong with me. But I was too 65 on stage, was stranded glutes. And I was 330 offseason at one point, 320 many times, like routinely 320 offseason. So I a lot of guys that are like, maybe they're 205 on stage, or 207 on stage. And they want to be 260 on stage. There's only the route there is not straight to 260. Right. Right there is a road to like 310 multiple times and 320 if you can force down enough food to get there. That's just what I'm saying. I just don't believe you get there without doing it for at least, you know, like the first 10 years. Right. You know, and how'd you get so big, so young? Because I was like 300 pounds and I was like 24 or 25 or something. How'd you get well, I was just a machine of consuming food and lifting heavy weights. Like I did not give a single shit. Not vote. About how I looked. Like I wasn't like trying to show off my legs at the beach and I wasn't at the club with no shirt on well, there's a couple times. But I see the budget. Yeah, like we just that wasn't I wasn't I didn't care about anything. Hey, Ron, no, hey, Ron, do you want to know? Hey, Ron, I'm eating. Leave me alone for like just a machine and hey, that's how I got real heavy young. But that's just what I think and that's why I think that because I did it. Yeah, I agree 100. So I think that that's the advice I would give is chase that down and you know, the only caveat to that is I had a couple points in my career where I got too heavy and I knew because the low back pumps were affecting my training and that was because I did what I had mentioned earlier, which was the cheat, the garbage food got a little too high. And as soon as I cleaned that out and was following correctly on an excessive amount of calories of better food, that 10 pounds of junk water fell out. And I'm talking about the the 10 that takes you from 20 pounds of water to 30, it wasn't necessary and all of a sudden that training hindrance was gone. So that was the only thing I would gauge everything on was, am I heavy? Yes, but is my low back bother me? No, okay, we're fine. Okay, because once something is negatively affected by training, it was a problem. I'm glad you kind of explained that though because if you're just to say like, if I got too heavy, I get lower back pumps because I do feel like there's an element of people that can kind of say, there's listen, like outside of that, that doesn't mean that you were like feeling good, 100% comfortable 10 pounds less, right? Like, oh no, it's just that the pumps were ruining my workouts. Like, because there's a it wouldn't let go. So the workout would either literally pause for 20 minutes. Yeah, yeah, it would end. So it's like that did not work. Now, I always had a low back pump because okay, you're at your heavy, but I'm talking about like the billetating where it's like, yeah, put a bar on the ground and it was 135. I couldn't pick it up. Thank you. I couldn't, I didn't feel like there's kind of an excuse built in there. Like, yeah, you know what I mean, don't want to get to have you, you know, back pumps. Or you get one of those crazy lower back pumps where you're like, okay, well, maybe I can leg press and then you're like, I can't leg press. Like it's too tight. You're that. You feel like I'm going to hurt myself. Yeah, like your body's not going to move that way. It's just too so brutal. Yeah, I've had back pumps so we're bad enough that when I did leave the gym because the work I needed to end, I sat in my truck and got back out and stood up and waited because I couldn't even sit in my car to drive the seat to the felt like it was an extreme stretch on my low back. Yeah, it's been in my truck. Yeah, I had a moment the other day. I was training adults and I trained adults with a client of mine and the gym was the gym was pretty busy and we got we got like the good side lateral machine to start and I just felt like doing a bunch of drop sets and stuff on this side lateral machine. That's where going crazy. We did like all sets of 20 all the way up to then we started hitting failure and you know, forced wraps and going going crazy on this side lateral and I was just getting this sick pump and I'd sort of put some extra effort in that day. Got I felt like I didn't eat enough so I clouded some food and I drank a ton of fluid with some salt and aminoazan at night. I remember feeling like I'm super hydrated and I got this shoulder pump that was reminiscent not quite as good but reminiscent of the anodral days. Oh and I had to put my arms up on a machine between a couple of sets because I was standing there and it was funny because as we started the pump started hitting me really quick and I actually mentioned that ago I used to get these anodral pumps where I had to put my arms up and then like a bunch of sets later I had to put my arms up on some machines and I was like oh wow this is awesome. It's like the good old days. You know I'm terrible and comfortable this is awesome. Yeah I just had was like wow you know yeah yeah it was just it made me just realize like oh those those superhuman pumps was just crazy you know I missed those days. That's good. All right I know it does to you get a bunch of questions including some from Dante. I want to hear some of those. Let me throw this up real quick. This is from Dylan. He's got another physique critique here. He says he's seen us do physique peaks in the past and he actually joined Patrons specifically because like yeah we'll try to get it on. You know we haven't done them a lot. We've done for some of the Patreon guys. They're like oh listen man I'll sign up. So thank you very much. I appreciate you signing up and everybody else who's over at Patreon. So here's his deal. He's 22 years old. He says he's been a natural bodybuilding now for four years, five, 10, two, 25. He says I'm going to start my first prep in three weeks. He's going to be coached by just in Harris. He says training bodybuilding has consumed my life entirely and he'll be graduating with a bachelor's and exercise science in May but for him he says then applying to graduate school for physical therapy. In the meantime I'm going to see how good I can be at competing and see how far I can take the hobby I love. I appreciate any criticisms, criticisms, advice, tips and so on. So my first tip for you is to before you send any pictures to your coach you've got to figure out how to send pictures. We've got to we've got to critique your picture, picture taking technique because I'm going to put this up and I am seriously going to critique your pictures. Now if you look at that image, you look at how much of the screen you're filling. I want you to completely fill that screen. I have to zoom way in. Now if you're if I were to say like hey I want to see you know what is what is the your skin looking like laying over that rib cage? Are you getting leaner or you stay in the same you hold and water? I can't hardly see that and then when I blow it up it's just going to be super blurry. So you're going to get it at your skills there. So I'm going to give him that. Now that I've given him that let me throw a couple pictures up and you guys can tell us what you think here. Here's our front double here's our red double. Also I saw I saw one of his videos on Instagram and I told him just based off of like this posing I'll be completely honest looks way better than the video I saw. He's caught the spots perfectly but actually I mean it could use improvement but just even getting into the shots I could see he was really struggling which he's new deposing so I don't fault him there but definitely get on right it would be one thought. Okay well I mean he's he's got muscle on him and he's growing everywhere it looks like he's training everything he's even got looks like his calves are growing you know looks like he's got some quads yeah he's got some quads coming yeah I see him right away I'm like he looks like he's got calves even in a bad lighting you know I'm so I stop talking to him I'm not helping yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what do you need help for you can just wear shorts and everyone think sure and shape yeah no he's you know his backs got muscle if said he's trained in hard I don't know his weight or anything like how big is 225 at 511 in natural okay yeah I mean it's all common man he's I mean in the fact that he's natty too that's awesome you know I mean he could he could just keep pilot muscle on you know really get his lap I mean obviously his posing needs some work so his lats might pop out a lot more with a few tweaks but you know I'm not gonna start bossing him around I haven't seen him train looks like he's you know on the right track yeah I would say the big the biggest thing uh when you're in this phase is is more of the same um I'm stoked who he hired as a coach because Justin's awesome and we'll he will make sure that the training is the level of intensity that it needs to be to fully maximize um yeah and then the only thing I wanted to add to what Scott said was by a ringlight 20 to 40 bucks yeah straight overhead lighting is the reason that you have spots here by that look really good and spots here by that I can't see it all um because you're you're shadowing yourself out there so get a ringlight that you can put in front of you and light everything up so you can better see uh at this point I'm sure Justin hasn't complained because based on where you are and what you need to do he's not that concerned with it yeah yeah um you only in the habit of having good pictures always so he can see the changes because like we've talked about in the show before there's nothing worse than bumping into a client and finding out there either much cleaner than you thought or much better than you thought you're like oh this changes everything we've been doing and even leaner can be a bad thing because I'm like oh I've been holding you way tighter than I need to because you you're so like some of my clients are really pasty and then they're in really bright rooms I can't even see how condition they are then you bump into them like oh yeah we're like 9% body fat and dead nuts off season we do not need to do that right right so but no I know he's in big things just more the same man just because there's nothing missing on your physique I didn't looking oh you have no dressups yeah you know yeah yeah just jump you know obviously Justin's gonna help him a lot so there won't be any shortage of food or heavy weights you know oh he might not be wait a second he might be self coach he says using Justin Harris's online he says oh and I'm going to start my first prep in three weeks self coached using all okay okay online and he's 22 years old like they have that level development at 22 natural training for four years you know you know yeah you know you know I mean we could get specific and start telling them like oh this body part needs to come up a bit but I mean like everything's gotta come up because he's always in this early years yeah yeah yeah yeah oh people like the physica assessments don't they yeah they do yeah that's something that's just being told don't don't you know it's half my half my job don't change anything yeah yeah it really is sometimes you ever do that I know the guilty sometimes when things are going really well I've had like I did a new client about two months ago and I usually tell people up front like hey in the beginning I'm kind of to do an educated guess and then of course you know as we see what happens I'm gonna change things so this guy's like eight weeks in I've changed nothing and he just keeps getting better and I'm like okay I'm not lazy and I'm also not this good at this we just got really lucky and I had to put it out there I'm like I know it seems like every update I'm like good job send send more pictures in a week and don't forget your money in two weeks but it's like yeah when it's working that well it's funny and I know Ron it was the same when they keep like he sent her plan and she ran that diet for like four months yeah because it was working but it is it is funny because you do have those moments where you're like if it's in someone knew where you're like I promise I'm not stealing from you but so I'll just like send side by side pictures yeah it's been like we're not changing things I've done that you are looking awesome yeah yeah yeah remind them I'm like yeah you were you know you were 250 six weeks ago and now you're 230 and like look at your legs like yeah you know or there's times where it's like you were 250 and you're still 250 but look at these two you know I mean lots like that's like what you know Nikki right now is she's not really like she hasn't dropped a lot of weight the last two weeks but her ever legs have really started coming in like the calves this week hey nice like she walks around yeah and she walks around they must be popping you know popping off yeah yeah I flip her off on the regular you need those on stick yeah so here I got a good question from Dante I thought we should we should get into drugs or no drugs have you ever seen a body below who stayed under 10% body fat who was able to go from 150 pounds to 250 pounds lean again staying under 10% body fat on that journey or have you ever met a body brother who did not have to go outside the box a little bit with eating to gain a hundred pounds of muscle mass it's kind of a little what we're talking about a little bit ago isn't it yeah I think that ties in really well with what we we just talked about and I actually want to take this a little bit further how he put that have you ever met like what was it a good body builder or just a body builder who's someone who put on a hundred pounds yeah and so if you ever made anyone who put on a hundred pounds without going outside the box a little bit with eating the answer is absolutely not like they've all with every single one of them every single one of us who did that did some crazy stuff and consumed some ridiculous stuff that most people like you ate that we can't eat that all the time right and and it also goes it goes every other way though like you know all these things that we hear people do like oh you know when people are dieting they you know put their calories at this much percent under their BMR and they'll get me but it's like and then there's that outside the box stuff that you got to do like those no carb days and like I'm just going to go to the gym and do tours on the treadmill right now because like I need some like there's always a little bit it's not advised it's not something you want to have to do but there's always those little moments when you got to go outside the box a little bit you feel like you have to go outside the box a little bit yeah so yeah the formula stuff bothers me right you know well I think that that's the big thing is is where things get missed in bodybuilding, in my opinion, is we do just start going through a emotion, you know, a process. It's the same thing in the gym. Like when you first get started, like you said, just been able to go around, you need more of everything. And that's, and it is correct. But there comes a point in your career where you're like, as no one told you, you have no glutes. And you should alter your training to fix that. You know what I mean? Like there are things that you need to be watching for. And again, that's when it's like, okay, outside of the box, you know, Dante and I were trying to figure out how can we get my legs to, to grow the way my back wasn't things like that. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, make and shut up. Try this. Yeah. I held a bad dream last night. There was a shark and there was weedies and there were rice crisps, we chased and you were doing all those things while training like those are okay. I'll go buy a shark. Right. But the brain was a little easier. It was just a little easier. Try this. And eventually you found something. You know, and I think that that is what kind of gets missed because we, you know, we do have a habit of just eventually going through the motions. And you're like, okay, it's somewhere you have to, it's like, I found for me. Okay. My body's growing out of control, but my arms aren't going as quickly. They're going to need their own day. Where I know I was doing the typical push pull legs. I've seen guys have plenty of armed development. It wasn't me. So we had to give them their own day. And we left them on the push and pull as well. And next thing you know, they got okay. They were never a strength across the board. I was trying to forget that. It was just okay. Your arms overall are not matching up to everything else. What do we do? So, and that goes with food as well. But I like what he's pushing because the process is this, which is if you eliminate, and he didn't mention this from being another one, but if you eliminate the ability to take ass-killing doses of drugs, you will find that you have to go deeper into your training, your diet, your rest, your over-the-counter supplements to make that muscle grow. And that's where most people are missing right now. I think that was what forced us to do all the crazy stuff that we talked about that we did was drugs were expensive. Yes. And like, I remember this before. I remember back when everything used to be European amps, and it cost what it cost. And to take 150 milligrams of DACA a week was like 100 bucks. So, you're a young bodybuilder working at the bar, and you've got to spend 100 bucks a week for your DACA. That's like, oh man. Those three amps for 35 bucks an amp. It's crazy. We pay 25 bucks for a sustain on and stuff like that. And you know, that's pre-infl like that's, you know, imagine inflation. That's like 50 bucks an amp now. So, you know, drugs are expensive. So, we were on, you know, that's why we were on, you know, 400 tests 100, 100 DACA. You know, and if you want to get the 300 pounds on that, you got to eat a lot. Like, I think there was no, there was no, and I was very fortunate, because I did hire Dante young in the game. And I literally, just everything he said was gospel to me. I didn't look beyond it. So, it was like, this is what this, if this isn't enough, drugs, then you aren't a bodybuilder. That was basically how he would present it to me. Like, you can bodybuild without sacrificing your health. So, if you can't do this with this parameter of supplementation, then quit. Because there's plenty of other things that you can go nuts on with food and training and recovery and sleep and a lot of things that I had to my advantage and that option was not there. And I think on the flip, not to be Mr. like, oh, we don't ever take anything. If you, if you took that attitude at a young age and said, okay, I'm going to do stuff because I'm going to an odd thing is anything wrong with that. But I'm going to take low dose. I'm a max at 300 milligrams of test. That would be the only thing I take. And you find a way to make yourself grow for years on that being a max dose, I promise when you add in more gear because you've laid the foundation correctly with all those other things, your end result, your final end result will be bigger than it would have been because, you know, and I've said this a many times, stealing from Dante drugs, hide mistakes. If you're not eating a question, but you're on two grams of test, you're kind of growing anyways. And then it comes and then you come off and then you lose size and that's a back and forth. But if you are eating flawlessly on 300 milligrams and you're growing growing growing growing, when you go to 500, it's going to feel like holy, this is insane. And I'm going to continue to do all those other things. You know, that's why I found back in the day because we did used to go completely off. You got even more obsessive about your eating, you're sleeping, because you're like, okay, I can't lose the gains, because like you said, Ron, I just invested $700, which when I was poor was a ton into this muscle mass. I cannot lose an ounce of it. Yeah, yeah, you know, so then it was like every detail had to be flawless because you were afraid to lose what you just built. You know, I actually just remembered something like wow, I just had a flashback. It must be, you know, maybe that one time I did acid sort of trap this memory. It had a little closet. But I just remembered that I had a little phase where I was getting a large chocolate shake from McDonald's after every workout. It's the way to do it. Wow, I like getting my truck crank the AC DC post workout drive through the drive through get a large chocolate shake. I wasn't even drinking protein. I was just drinking a large chocolate shake. Groups home, cruise home, net 8, my meal, cook a steak on the barbecue, you know, big potato. Have a big meal and I'd be like, I got a steak in potato. It's bodybuilder meal. I like that. The large shake from McDonald's, I was just post workout. Yeah, that's just, that's the replenishment, my glycogen, that's the way to get it. Yeah, that's how we did it. We did it. Take like 10 I use a hemolog. So I'm going to put it turn the movie on. Speaking of language. I remember about the late 90s where I held a time. Yeah. You know, the late 90s where I held a drug. Oh, the times of time. No. We're rage against the machine to go on tour again. You know, it's loving life. Oh, lip biscuit video. Do lip biscuit. Oh, here we go. Yeah, good times. Okay. What's next? Well, while you look over there, Dusty, I had a bunch from Instagram or excuse me from Patreon and from YouTube. So I'll let me see if I can find one to throw up here. What about pre-exhaustion? Josh Weaver at Ask Dusty said, what do you guys thought? So a legdate using pre-exhaust. He says 43. I've dealt with some knee issues, but still pushing to make leg progress. Instructuring leg day with seated leg curl. Ad dr. leg extensions, then going into hacks, leg press and finishing with lying leg curls, lunges or straight leg beds. Also thoughts on doing hat field safety bar squats. I've been throwing these in some because I feel I can go deeper with added weight. But curious what you guys think of this as is as affected as effective as just doing regular safety bar squats. Think of another show. So this is my one and only Patreon subscription. So thank you very much, Josh. I appreciate your demand. So first of all, just pre-exhaustion in general, what do you guys think about it? Well, I don't want to talk out of my ass here and have somebody like post-to-study, but I'm just going to say I seem to remember. Seeing something where doing pre-exhaustion in a super set wasn't a good idea. But in the context of the workout could be a good idea. And what I mean by that is the study that I was shown showed that if you did pectac followed by bench press in a super set, your pecs were exhausted from the pectac. So when you went to bench press, your body actually sends more neural drive to your triceps because they're fresh. X can't do as much work. So your triceps actually wind up being more activated. That was a study that I saw. So people that superset with the isolation exercise first, I technically this study showed that that would send more drive to the assistant muscles, which would actually not go well. Whereas if they superset it at the other way, where they did the bench press to failure, or whatever, and then did the pectac. That actually took the pecs farther into activation. So again, I don't know exactly where this was, but that's what I saw. But then in the context of a workout doing your extensions first and then moving to a squat, that was different because you weren't they weren't like, like in front of me. You're media. You know what I mean? You're just setting up more fatigue and causing more. It wasn't the same. It didn't work the same as the same way. So I ended just bottom line for me. I mean, I'm fit right into that. That guy's question like, you know, I'm 48. I'm kind of banged up. You know, that's how I train. Like you just listed my workout. So I got nothing against that. If he's got to train that way to get it warmed up and moving good and it feels like his hacks and leg presses are way more comfortable. There you go. I think the only thing I would suggest differently is this a lot of people, if you want to warm up your squat, then warm up your squat. Take it. Yeah. That's where things get lost. You know, when we were kids, I mean, I used to start with 225 on squats because it was just 135 as a waste and it barely pushed me down anyways. So I started to 25, 315, 405. There was no like paying attention to like how did I feel today? As soon as you finish with 315, you put another plate on. So yeah, just for 5, you put another plate on. Now I wish in hindsight, not that I don't knock on one on how many knee problems or anything. But I go in, I mean, when we do a hacksquad, like yesterday, I decided to start with hacks. I did one plate for 10, two plates aside for 10 twice. Then slowly started working in. So I think one thing that gets missed with guys is, don't be afraid to use the movement you're doing as your warm up. You know, so don't be in a rush. Do many, many sets to move that, get that blood in there, get moving around. Because I found for me on the contrary that the most dangerous movement I can do for my knees and my quads is extensions. Because I'm absurdly strong on them. There's not a single stack of every you've taken. I'm all right. I hit a pile of coal on that big stretch. It's just dangerous. I would rather put 10 plates aside on a hack and spend 30 minutes getting up into it. I'm very safer. So, but again, you know, the only thing I want to finish to answer on his question is, don't question whether or not we think you should use the bar you want to use. You answered your own question. It feels good. It feels safe. I can sink into the hole. These are all the answers you need. Saving it as a whole. Yes, I don't get you very often. You want to make sure that you're paying attention to yourself. Like you shouldn't be asking permission on how to train the way that you know feels best. Because I think that that's where a lot of things get missed. We've talked to us before. A really controlled row for me. The next day I feel nothing. Yeah. If I do what I call grip and rip, which is ugly as hell, I'm smoked head to toe. And I've had countless people half my size tell me I'm doing it wrong. It's so rare. Like, and I wouldn't care if they were bigger than either. Because this is the way that works. So if you're comfortable in those movements, rock them and do what you have been. And you're going to see the best results. Because if I said, no, you got to use a barbell on your back. Yeah. I mean, if I followed that advice, I would still be barbell squatting. I'd have no hands, no quads, and bigger ass than I already do because that was the only thing that grew when I squat it. I will say this about that hat field squat. So I'm going to put this picture up for anybody who isn't familiar with the movement. So it's where you're holding onto that bar in front of you, with the safety squat bar over your shoulders. So I decided to mess around with these. I've got the the Kabuki strength transformer bar. And after I'd gotten sick, and I was trying to get back into training, I wanted to try it out. So I thought it was something different and fun. And I used a band stretched across to my rack. So I couldn't really like hold onto the band. You know what I mean? Right, but yeah, some pull exactly. So I used that to balance myself. And I felt like, okay, this is good. This is all right. And you know, I can't remember how much weight I reps. I was getting, but I was like, I'm building my confidence. And after I did that for like three weeks in a row, I was like, I'm just going to go to because I had a hard time breathing. I was like, I'm going to go to regular, just, you know, free standing squat. And when I did, I was so gased. Like my lungs couldn't handle it. So it's different, a little bit different today, but my point being that it definitely changed the movement to make it a lot easier on like my just my overall, like central nervous system and cardiovascular. So it's just, it's a different exercise. But I, I'll tell you what, just like with like what people are saying like, oh, you know, should you use bands or whatever else? I'm like, kind of like what you guys were saying before like, what do you want to do? And I like to keep things fun. So even though a hat feels what might not be the same thing is doing a free weight squat, it's like, hey, if you have fun with it, and you could challenge yourself. And you're in your 40s, keeps you in the gym and you're like, looking forward to your next workout. I say, go for it. Yeah, yeah, you know, I want to, I want to, I think this will be a good way to close this question. Yeah, trained by J.P. J.P. put up a post and just the other day. And I wanted to just read it because it was awesome. And we talk about how some coaches kind of like, at system marketing thing, but you know, kind of try to make all their clients super dependent on them for every little thing and like, you know, what's, what type of vitamin C should I take and like, what brand of right should I eat? Like, all that sort of micro management. Yeah. And this is J.P.'s post. Let 2024 be the year you don't have to ask permission to try a split, try and exercise, a grip, a stance where you put your feet. Let it be the year that you don't ask anyone how long their sessions take or what volume they do because it's so entirely irrelevant to your own training. Let it be the year that you decide you're going to work out the answers to your questions. Instead of asking the opinion of complete strangers who have no idea what you can and can't do. How much sleep you do, don't get. How intense you do, don't train all pointless procrastination. The sooner you start answering your own questions, the sooner you will start really making progress. It's a good point. And, you know, to just completely, you know, make our show a relevant, you know, no more questions. It's good guys. We'll see you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's everything. It's all over. It's great. That's great. And I think that that's good. Like, there are good questions. But then there's a lot of questions that, you know, you don't have to worry about that. Yep. You know, but I like that. You know, stop asking permission to say everything. There's a lot of just over-thinking that doesn't allow you to move. So it's important to do get into a machine or or understand. So just, where do my feet naturally want to go? Where am I the most comfortable? Like, for the most part, unless I was targeting something, people would say, oh, why you put your feet there? That's where I'm the strongest. Yeah. That's where I feel real sturdy and stay in my knees feel good. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I just had that conversation really guy yesterday because he was told by someone to not let his toes point out on a leg press. He goes, I mean, he's hurt. So I watched him do a couple of wraps. His knees were going out whether his toes did or not. Yeah. And I'm like, well, yeah, we're kind of, we're kind of setting ourselves up to a trick to an an ortho here soon. Yeah. It's like just let your just let your knees follow your toes. And soon, you do that. Yeah. Yeah. There's no pain. I'm like, I don't know who told you that or why. But no, like so, so use the common sense and just find what works for you. I actually had seen that post to and I loved it because you do have to learn a lot, especially when you're following greatness, I'll say like if I were to ask all my friends, how to get bigger by some side of been screwed, just most of my friends have great by some. It's like, you know, they were going to have them no matter what. You know what I mean? It looks like going backwards and backwards, you know, if I asked Nicky how to have huge caps, you go, it's never trained them. Yeah. That's the secret. Yeah. You just a little bit of a answer. Shut your mouth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I loved it. All right. I had another good one here that I wanted to pull up here that I thought was great. Let me find it real quick. We have so many. Oh, that was the one that I was looking for. The would you rather know when you're going to die or how you're going to die? I guess I would say that knowing how I was going to die would probably tell me when I was going to die. Yeah. So it informed you at least wouldn't it would inform me if it was a pretty good idea. So I feel like I also tell me who I was with. Yeah. That sounds like dusty might have been there for a second. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh, you know, the the when thing. I would not want to know that. You can do it. If it's like, if it's like, you're going to, your airplane is going to crash. But if they're like, okay, fine, I'm just not flying in your mind. But if it's like, you know, if it's like you've got a choke on a piece of steak or a piece of meat. Oh, that's a little oblique. Oh, blah. It's like I'm just not eating meat anymore. You know, yeah, you can do that. Right. You can do that. Yeah. You can do that. You can do that. You have a heart attack getting a hand job from a nurse in a nursing home. Like, oh, okay. I'm not doing that anymore. I'm all right. Yeah. Yeah. I got lots of things to do anymore. It's like, whatever. Whatever I want. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a heck of a way to go out. You know, I'm happy with that. Let's get some. I knew this was how it's going to go. Yeah. Yes. You know, yeah, like you imagined if that's how to, you know, how to dad die. Oh, I'm a nurse in the nursing home. You're like, I guess it's when they just went hard at the back. If you know, when it just doesn't matter that, you know what I mean? Yeah. You could plan everything out. Like, you know, the sad thing is it's like the people you see who like worked their butt off their entire life and they never really got to have any fun. And they had all this money and savings. You would know, just get a little bit of a tire. Yeah. Exactly. Right. Like the end. Right at the end. I'm like, we got six months and I got nine months worth of money. Let's try. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got nine months worth of money. I'm goated. Yeah. Yeah. I know. All right. I would. Yeah. That's a great question. All right. So this is a good one. And this is a John from my gym training partner on Sundays. The Mount Rushmore of Condiments. Now I want to let this go into off season and like I don't want diet. Because that's boring. So okay. I have it. Here's mine. Look, he's drinking. He catch up. Yes. Sure. He got free catch up. Terry Oki sauce. Mine soy. Yep. Hot sauce. What kind of hot sauce? Like just Frank's Frank's hot sauce. Okay. Okay. And I'm going to say, I'm going to say barbecue sauce, but it's like a Southwestern. Like a taste max barbecue sauce. Okay. Okay. That's my that's my. We talking like full sugar. None of the like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The barbecue sauce. I'm a little flexible. And what do you have in your fridge? I'll try it. You know, I'm not I'm not going to be like civic on that. But I sort of like, you know, maybe a little bit of a text max barbecue sauce or Southwestern. I kind of like look for that on the label. You know, yeah. Yeah. A little smoky. Maybe. Yeah. So I've never been a fan of ranch stuff in my life. Like ever, right? And then I picked up this it's some sort of like, uh, it's like a ranch, like in a bottle that you squeeze, but it's like a condiment and it's so hot. It's like spicy hot with a spice that I've never seen or I've never tasted it before. And I like to put that on my eggs. It's like 15 grams of fat per table spoon. So you know, you don't like smother it. But like once I keep it in the fridge, and I go through a bottle about how do I get it? God. How do I get it? I never thought I never thought. I gotta tell you how to do it. You had me until you said I put it on my eggs. Yeah. I wouldn't thought do I would or another I would have thought I'd take that when I take the chicken wing that is not quite spicy enough, but I dip it in the spicy ranch. I'm like, yes. Yes. So I could see that too. I don't know why. I don't know why, but that and they have the, uh, the runs check it out. It's checking out. And the other thing I discovered is that Chick-fil-A sauce will be had. Oh, we let the Arnold and I'll put that on my eggs as well. Anything. Boom. That's a sauce can be on anything. That's. I never would have thought that. I always put my own sauce in a presence bro. Two more residents. Oh, Taco Bell hot sauce. You can get that in the grocery store now. And the other one would just be I guess sugar free catch up or like the no sugar added catch up. That's my day to day. Yes. So I back the sugar free catch up, of course. And by the way, I should say low sugar, not sugar free. Yeah. Why do they even make the regular catch up? Because it's the same. There are certain things where I hate when people go, oh, it's a diet cookie. It's good. I'm like, no, it is not. It's not. It's a saying it's good compared to a shitty cookie that's a diet cookie. It's a better shitty cookie. Yeah. Like, no, no, but in that case, it literally is more or less the same. So I don't know why anyone doesn't do that. So sugar free catch up off season or not. Soy sauce because I drown everything in soy sauce. I want to kind of like mold my presence a little bit here because I use taco sauce a lot, but I also love salsa. Can I call those one thing? Because they're kind of interchangeable. The kind of interchangeable. If not, if not, I'll give you salad. I'm doing all of this. I'll give you a slash. I'll give you a slash. Okay. I need a slash. Taco's taco sauce. Salsa. Yeah. Because I, I must dip chips. That is why I'm fat. For sure. And then, you know, earmuffs run. Rank. The white. Oh. I, we had this, you actually this comment came up out of the blue, which happens in houses these days. Suddenly, a teenager goes, what is the greatest sauce on the planet? I'm like, ranch, boom. And then I defend myself like I'm about to go to prison. But I did win the argument. So moving forward. All right. I got one for you guys. Yeah. I don't know if you'll be able to answer this because you'll see why everybody we know was kind of related to bodybuilding. But you, you had to have had a one answered back in, in your memory somewhere. He says, in from YouTube, when you moved in with your lady, what kind of things did you have to explain to her bodybuilding meathead wise? I, I was always, I, I always had, I was data girls that were already converted pretty much. Yeah. And that's like, you're already in the fitness, like, you know, already working out, already healthy, you know, picking up, you know, the right foods, you know, that sort of thing. I never really had to like explain myself. I don't explain myself, tiny women. I've never been in the habit of that. I'm like, this is what you're getting. I do this and this and this. I don't eat this. I do not have ranch in my fridge. We're not putting into the fridge. And yeah, I'm a bit of a pervert. So yeah, you're in your move in with you. They already figured that part of the way beyond their way beyond that's the reason that's the reason they're moving in. They're with that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't explain yourself. It's a slid of your little bro 100% because and I think that's usually how it works. But literally, I think the only surprise that Nicky would have experienced my first moved in was that I ate out like all the time. I was just like, that point of my life. I'm like, oh no, we don't need it. Oh, like that's there are five six meals in a day and only three of them are at home. The other three were out. So I was like, you're going to need to make another 50k this year to keep up with me. So let's go. You're a year counts like you spend just one grand at restaurants last year and you're credit cards like all business meetings. Yeah. I do a lot of business meetings at restaurants. But yes, that's the, I mean, outside of that, like I'm with you guys, it's nothing in body, really, and particularly things that most people would think come up. Yeah. You know, I mean, I just let or know that, you know, you're the first one that's not a nurse that's helping with this. Let's do it. Um, it's not a nurse. It's not a nurse. It's not a first one. He's not professionally trained in this. I'm like, now, but I'll go through. Yeah. I won't tell you that the Victorian moving in has definitely, it's brought the womanly touches to our home. She saw this meme the other day and it was spot on. It was like your boyfriend's house before you moved in and it was like a mattress with a cardboard box next to it in a clock sitting on top of it. That was my house. I saw the same meme as it was. It was like a clock and like a glass of what looked like. Hope. Yeah. Hold up. Yeah. On the nightstand. And it was on a cardboard box with an air match on the floor. And then it said, Bro's are fine to live like this forever. I'm like, yeah, this bank, my buddy. See what's like, block on the box. It just put everything in the bank. Yeah. The box works fine. It's a lot cheaper. Yeah. Yeah. If I don't like it, I just get to do it. But it's beautiful. I didn't need opposite though when I was when I was single, I just had a female friend of mine. Do when I house for me. I was like, you have this much money by my furniture. Oh, there you go. That's a route. That's around. So like if someone came in, but it was funny. Because I got called on it one time. So I came away. Like you didn't do this. You didn't do this. Mike. Yeah. That was completely staged. Absolutely done. What do you mean a oblong leopard carpet is not something you thought I would put here? Yeah. Yeah. You don't think I do that. Very specific artwork up on the wall. It's very, very specific. Yeah. I totally get you. No. I just sort of do my own thing. Emily just sort of like sort of like she sort of gave me this room. Because I'm like, this is, you know, going to be my podcast room. So I'm just going to put on my shit on the walls. She's like, oh, okay. Yeah. It's like your man came in now. You know what I mean? I'm like you can put whatever you want on the walls in the bedroom. Like you can hang whatever you want. I don't care. I don't care that's the deal we have. I used to have a couple of pictures hanging up and then they slowly but surely were moved and changed and now it's, you know, I don't mind. And then that's my bathroom. Like we both have like, you know, I let her have the on sweet to the on sweet terms and then I use the other bathrooms because shower in it. But I got all my stuff up on there. I got like concert posters on the wall, mounted in like my Bruce Lee painting on the wall and it's so my bathrooms like very me. Yeah. So got to have your spaces. Yeah. Yes. People come over and they go in there and they're like, that's wrong. It's bathroom. Hey. God. He was given this one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hey, I wanted to mention something before we go. Are we in the last five minute crew? Is this last five minute crew? Yes. Okay. Not bodybuilding related. It's cultural, cultural, a beautiful show. Oh, show is cultural. This is heavy culture. So have you guys noticed? I just saw them this. I just realized they were happening this week because I started reading the comments. Have you guys seen all the fake AI generated Joe Rogan clips? Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you know the YouTube shorts. Yeah. Yeah. So a YouTube short popped up the other day and it's Joe Rogan with a, a guess on and he's talking about this pyramid that they found in the Arctic and he's talking about blah blah blah, you know, 1942, something like that. And I'm watching him like I'm never heard of this. And then I'm like, okay, I'm a skeptic. But let me just like, and he's talking and they're like, it sounds very documented and everything like that. And then I looked down at the bottom. I realized it's not Joe Rogan's YouTube and it's not a JRE experience or Joe JRE clips or any. It's got like some other name like my like mind melder or something. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's not kind of stuff. And and then I open the comments and all the comments are like, wow, this should be illegal. This AI stuff. I hope Joe can find out who's doing this. This is really dangerous. These clips are unbelievably dangerous. This could get really out of hand. This is completely AI. This was never an episode. Oh, right. This is this was never an episode. He never talked about this. This is all like that sort of thing just filled the comments section. I was like, oh, shit. We're just getting because we're just getting fake stuff. And eventually at the end of the clip, maybe they try to drive into a web theater or something like that, right? Yeah. Then I saw another one and it was a YouTube video and it was Elon Musk on Bill Mar. And it's Elon Musk on Bill Mar talking one on one. But it's AI. And Elon is talking about an investment opportunity. So awesome. Wow. He's like, yeah, you know, I mean, if you just invest like say $200. I mean, within months, it's 5,000 and then it's this and this and he's talking about this investment. And I open the comments and everyone's like, this is this is really scary. There are way too many dumb people. This is brutal. It's got to be like, so I'm just like, oh, so I want to go back and investigate some more because like that one I actually just pulled up yesterday. So I just want to let people know like keep your eyes peeled and like it's can't create. It's going to get crazy. Yeah. I'm looking at it in newsweek article right now, controversial comedian Joe Rogan has spoken out after a series of fake versions of his podcast were made with artificial intelligence. Wow, that they appeared on YouTube. They're not showing the clips where they have a video there. That isn't saying. Yeah. Can we hear them to do clips for us? I mean, I don't care. Yeah, we're not showing it. Yeah. Yeah. Just do this funny. It's funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just just do this funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Joe wants to be a guest on our episode without ever knowing about us. That's fine. That would be great. Yeah. We've got lots of hits that we had. How did they get Joe? Yeah. He just have like 30 clips of Joe Rogan, but you never see the actual episode. Yeah, a little like 20 second like laughs. We're all laughing together. Yeah. Yeah. And he's like, love being on the show. You guys are great. Yeah. I'm sure there's something we said the name Ron. So we can pull that right in. Yeah. Ron, you're the best. I told you, Joe says of the best. It's just more fun than have any lawn on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's enough. So yeah, just, you know, we got to be careful this next. This year is going to be crazy. Yeah. There's a lot. This year is going to be crazy. So what what what what do we close a show with? Make sure you got my name. Can tune in and some ammo. And my job business and watch what you believe on even though it's a video and it's right in front of your eyes. I think it's a living. We might not be here for you right now. This might not be it. None of this is real. No. Well, you guys have seen the thing about that Instagram model that's pulling in like 30 grand a month. No. And she's not even real. It's a guy. It's a dude. He's just a young kid. He's like in his 20s and he just A. I didn't Instagram model. He started her a page. And just has like kind of, of course, he can generate infinite content. He doesn't have to do photo shoots. So it's just generated. So he's like real after real after real of her just like modeling clothes and at exotic locations and just like she doesn't have to actually travel. She doesn't have to actually shoot. It doesn't have to exist. So he can just A. I generate like amazing photo shoots on the beach and Hawaii and then and then so then companies. So companies are paying her and the companies know that she's not real. But they don't care because the eyeballs are insane. Yeah. I've seen so many different weird fake things. I found this channel of these like urban explore kids and I see what they're doing now. But they make, they put things together in a way that's really tricky. What I never thought I'd do in this and they'll be like, you know, we found this tunnel so we went down into it and then it kind of cuts and then they're like, and it led to this place and then they go and then they like, and it opened up into this abandoned prison. You know what I mean? And then they're like, yeah. And it's like, but it's believable enough that it seems like it's actually happening. Funny thing is with the second Victoria saw. She's like, oh, I don't trust that. Like your brain was just like, triples above it already. You know, but like she doesn't, we don't believe anything. You know, it's like, oh, there's this beautiful, beacher, whatever, like a drone shot. And it's like, but it doesn't have place really exist. Yes. They skeptical boys and girls. Stay skeptical. No. Don't believe everything. Okay. Love it. Thanks again for all the questions and remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them up. Yes. And once again, your support is really appreciated. I am mutant.com. Get your all in, get your ice of surge and everyone should get on the gear dusty 20, run 20. Of course, run 20. Run 20. Run 20. Big run 20. Big run 20. I remember the, I think big Patreon. Got the Scotts Patreon. So hit that up. Thank you. So there's our home support to think big bodybuilding network. And there's my, you know, who's dancing? All right. We're back in the day when I was big. I used to bench. I used to bench a lot of weight too. Oh, good stuff. Okay. Good one guys. Remember, it's just bodybuilding.