Green beans, like 100, you know, a couple hundred grams of green beans and I'd steam this out of them, right? And then I'd put two cans of albacor tuna in the mash it all out of the pot. That's disgusting. Right? Then I would take, like, how many grams I had, say 50 grams, of those mini barbecue rice cakes? And I would just dump them on, that's just mash it all up. Yeah, texture and flavor. It's he had like this crunchy barbecue tuna, the like casserole sort of thing going on. And I would just, you know, the judges sandwiches. He had just sandwiches. This guy just got sick. Hey, everybody. Welcome to it's just body building. Of course, we got Scott McNally, a producer, dusty handsha, my co-host. How's it going guys? Like share, subscribe, comment, and bring them a bell. There we go. Make sure you're bringing a bell. Make sure you're bringing a bell. That's the best, the best way to totally, yeah, one or three times. Yeah. All odd numbers are your only options. Okay. Yes. And remember, of course, we got a lot, we just had it. Let's just give them the recap. We had the little mutant we care. We got a shout out to mutant. Thank you for making that live podcast possible by bringing Scott up. Dusty was already coming up to shoot all that content. But they thought, you know what, if you're going to have Dusty up your jam one and we bring Scott up, and you guys can do a live show and we'll just have fun with it. You know, it turned out really well. It was happy with how it went. No technical issues. Everyone was on board. Lots of people listening. What did you think Scott? It was cool. It was like a wild four days of heading up there. And usually any time I've ever made a trip, it's something I'm planning for months and months and advance. And this is like we talked about it on a Monday. We got the tickets. And then I left Sunday. So like it was incredible, man. That was really cool. And it was cool to see how everything worked. Like just just the whole thing, man. I made a video of it because there was just so much to talk about with my personal experience. I just shot, you know, on my phone through the whole thing. And I put that together. And I I sent it over to George because I wanted him to see it first before I put it out. But hopefully that'll be coming out right away now. And it's just like a little serious like a corporate editor or something. Yeah, exactly exactly. I just wanted to be safe. You know what I mean? I'm a guest. I guess, you know. So I didn't want to overstep anything. And can you cut out the scene of like Dana, you know, whipping this thing around? None of that. None of that. Yeah, again. It was cool, man. It was cool to see a look into like the world of what you guys do in an event like that. Like everybody was awesome too. Like I walked into a house full of people that I didn't really, I mean, I knew you guys and I know Jamie, but you know, like the whole group I didn't really know. And everybody was like super friendly and having a good time and just really professional too. Like everybody really knew what they were doing. So I had a great time just being a fly on the wall for all of that. I feel really grateful that I had that opportunity. Yeah, I'm not really sure like, you know, I've been with mutant for so long and we've done so many shoots and you know, I don't really know how other people do it anymore. Like, you know, I mean, putting everybody in the same house so you have that sort of like, you'll get in a big Airbnb with all the bedrooms and put everybody in the house and having everybody cookin' together. And it really does like generate a team, a real team feel. And you know, they didn't like, you know, dusty and I said, you know, they could have scheduled us a little harder. You know, they could have worked us harder. But also too, you know, they, they, they got to, you know, with those types of trips, you got to have like those, you can't pack the day too much because you're gonna be running 10 minutes behind on everything. You know, like, yeah, if you, you know what I mean? Like, you know, if you just brought up one athlete or two athletes, you could probably plan to shoot that out of them a little bit more. Yeah. But with all those moving parts, you know, I guess, you know, like, because dusty and our, you know, dusty and sandy is like, yeah, I'd quite a bit of free time like you did a lot of shooting. There was two things that day to shoot. But there was plenty of time to get your needle in, have a little nap, relax, you know. We weren't overworked, you know, but it was a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. So just to like give everybody a rundown on what I saw, it was like, you know, there's this big, beautiful home where there has enough bedrooms for all the athletes. It's definitely run because we were in town in Vancouver. So Ron got to sleep at his own house. But you came over all the time and hung out. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, everybody just wake up in the morning and do their own thing, make their food. They mutant took like grocery lists from each athlete and they shopped for all that food. And by the time, I, so I was there for like four days. And they had shopped at least a couple times while I was there restocking everything. And it was just like everybody, you don't get their food together. People doing coaching, you know, and their computers, me and Jamie were up at like 5 a.m. working on our computers and stuff. And then, you know, just everybody packed up in the cars and drove to the gym. And you see multiple shoots happening at once. Dusty is doing this video. Wow, Shelby's doing these photographs. And then, you know, there's a team training video over here. And it all kind of happened at the same time and break for lunch. And then again in the afternoon and then go out and have some food and stuff. It was, it was really cool. Obviously, though, a lot of work, too, for for everybody, you know, but it didn't, it didn't seem like anybody was having like, it didn't seem like work for anybody. You know what I mean? It seemed like everybody was having a blast. That was a really fun time. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really glad with how it went. And what did you think of the gym? I mean, you'd been at West Coast before, but then a couple years. So I don't need a number. It's all right, I guess. I don't think there's been a lot of changes since you were in before. I don't even, I don't even remember like, you know, how long ago you were in or what equipment you changed. You knocked out a whole wall. You knocked out a whole wall. You knocked out a whole wall like behind the stairs. Like there's a whole other section now that you're filling up with equipment. And there's people training over there, people training everywhere else. The upstairs was bigger than it was before. I saw that as well. Just, I mean, there was so much more space and more equipment. You just had, just, it was nonstop, man. You know, and you had everything split up early in these two. Like, off by the window is all that leg equipment. You know, how to like a bunch of back equipment by itself, chest equipment. You could see the method to your system. And it's always changing too, right? Because like that last day came and you're like, oh, yeah, we just had a new piece brought in over here. We're moving these pieces out. I'm selling the, you know, the prime row and all that. You see that one, that one piece was on a pallet. Did you see it on the pallet? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. You know, ready to ship. Yeah. It's always something going. Yeah. So coming in going. It was cool to see how it's developed, man. It's, it's definitely. Yeah. And the energy of the gym, too, you know, it's, uh, the, the, everybody was so excited. Plus we got to meet listeners that are at the gym. I wish I could have met more. I know there was more in the evening. And I wasn't ever there in the evening. So, you know, and you get a chance. But I will be back. There's no question if, if not with you guys, I'll be heading out there with Victoria at some point. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's definitely a destination. You know, if you haven't been to West Coast, Iron, it's like, you got to check it out, you know, and I would suggest training at prime time, like five, six p.m. to really see what that energy's like. Just to see all the listeners, right? Yes. The listeners. That's what we're calling them. Those ones are listening. Uh, does he wasn't listening to what I said? He was busy. He was busy. I forgot what I was supposed to be doing there. It was the weirdest thing. No, it's, what are we doing? No. Oh, yeah. The body is all right. Yeah. It was really cool though because the one thing that's nice is when you go to a gym with experienced members. I mean, we're in the way. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's, there's three shoots going on all day, five days a week. You know, I mean, we break here and there. But I mean, we're talking, you know, no less than eight, nine hours of shooting going on in the gym. And the members were, you know, they were awesome. There was never a point where I was like, you know, when you know you're in the way versus when you feel like you're in the way, I'm like, I never felt like God really had to gather here. Like we are these people up. Which was great because they were very, you know, not just the, not just your owners, not, you know, but also the members, just thinking about it for a lot of people who don't know or don't care. Yeah. You literally disrupting everything being there. So, you know, it's, it's one thing. I don't think a lot of people understand when you come into those as how appreciative you need to be. To the owners, the staff and the members because, you know, when I'm taking up a corner to do, you know, shoot new clothing or whatever, it kind of sucks. I because they'll wait. And then they'll look at you and you're like, go ahead and then they go in and do a set and then they step back out, you know, we got, we got really lucky, except for Joe, which is an old climb. I mean, he spent hours on one in machine. I was like, whoa, I got to say it out loud just to give it, I was literally laughing. I was 35, but that's on an inclined press. I mean, I got, he's got big tits. I guess it's working. What are you going to do? There you go. There you go. So, but it was fun. And I'm glad you got to see you guys got to get somebody a hard time. I have to. Why did in person, too, but it's better to publicly do it. Yeah, that I know that more than three people listen, there you go. But it was cool that your perspective Scott, because you do, it does become something you just do. When Ron and I show up, for example, you guys a laugh about this, but when I went for that year away from you and I went to condemned, they were sending me like tax before I flew into town. We're going to do this. I'm going to do this. And I kept saying, yeah, okay, okay. And they had two athletes that were new come in before me and they filmed all us like one at a time. Yeah. And then like the night before like the night that I landed, he said, right tomorrow we're going to do like a product review and I need like one minute on this or 30 seconds on this. Like, yeah, and he was kind of laughing at me because he just watched multiple people fumble through it for two days straight. Oh, you know, then you hand some mates, but I'm doing it for 12 years and everything was one take and he just looked at me goes, oh, okay. I'm like, yeah, I've been doing this longer than they've been bodybuilding. It's fine. Right. How do you do lose track of how exciting is, but Scott, you actually made it more exciting for me because just watching you like on the in the airport because you left before me, yeah, I got a little more amp to go. I was like, this is so hard for God. That's cool, man. You guys are both really good at that, too. And I think it is something you can learn. Like, I know that I, you know, when when I first started podcasting my ability to communicate it was different, then it is now, but that said, I do think there's some some natural ability involved there, too, in the way that you communicate, you know, and I think you guys both have that. It was cool because I got to see that firsthand in, you know, like I've said before, I watched mutant on a mission, like long before we even knew each other around, like before you knew who I was, you know, and I got to hang out and watch the next mutant on a mission from one of them for the season, get filmed at West Coast. So I actually have some of my footage is like behind the scenes where Ronstein and their talent dusty, he's like, okay, you know, you can open it up how you want, you know, do what you want. I just want to make sure we get around the gym. You guys kind of game-planned it together and then boom, like one take and you're just, you just say what you're going to say, you know, it's like, you guys have a good, good skill at that and you've spent a lot of time developing it too. So I can see how it might look easy, but it was nice, it was fun to watch it unfold, I guess is what I'm saying. I think one of the main things that you have to do when you're on camera is you have to realize, well, we're also have the luxury of look who is shooting us. I mean, we had Schmidt films who's awesome. He's cool. And then we had Nick and Constantine out from Texas. Those guys are great. Yeah. So those guys are all great editors. They make great videos. And so I think a lot of newer people, they stumble and fumble and they, oh, stop. Wait, I'll redo that. Oh, that wasn't good. And they keep breaking their pace to review and read. And because they don't realize how good of editors these guys are. Okay. Like, yeah, you don't, you don't have to be perfect. You can just flow. You can just like, you can be talking and then you can just go into the next. You can just change topics mid sentence. That would be in the video. Like they'll edit around. Like, you don't have to be so worried. Just relax and have a conversation. Yeah. And you know, I said some stuff where I was like, Teneco was like, oh, actually, that wasn't accurate. I misspoke there. And he's like, outcut it. Like, yeah, he's like, you know, like, don't worry about it. So if you just relax and just let conversation flow and just let them worry about the edit. You don't have to deliver perfect descriptions of everything to them. You know, yeah, walk around the gym, bullshit with dusty talking about equipment. And I'll just see how it turns out. When you got to hand that stuff off to someone, right? You can't try to micromanage that before it's even edited, you know? Yeah, that's a good point. People are scared though of how they're going to be seen or perceived or, you know, and I think that that holds a lot of people back. Even even people who aren't doing what you're doing. Let's just talk about making an Instagram reel or something. You know how many times a guy is trying to teach you how to do like a simple pull down. And he doesn't ever get that video out because he's like, man, I just look stupid. You know what I mean? I feel uncomfortable doing that, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It was wild. It was wild. I asked, I asked George about how he knew that you would be a good fit for mutant when you think. I didn't get that on video. It would have been a cool little clip to add in my little vlog. But he had said that you, you just have a way of talking to people that he met you, you know, you guys talked and then he saw you again later that evening and then there was like, Kai Green and then you're just like, hey Kai, how's it going man? And you're like, hey, what did you think about how they portrayed you in a generation of you? Yeah. And then he answered and then a little while later you saw a fill. And then you're like, hey, what did you think? And it's just you just got them talking about themselves and that you put people at ease. And he said that because I was wondering, like, what did they see in you to get you connected with with with the company? Because you could have been, you know, the had that not happened. You could have kept doing what you're doing and not been like big round part, well, that you're today, you know what I mean? But it's cool to see that. I have a habit of accidentally interviewing people. It's awkward with just our waitress. I'm like, why are we doing this? Let them ask me where they can. So how was your summer? What'd you do? Do you know what? It's not just true. Well, I'm glad that we went well and we got it all done. And the members were awesome. We didn't even like, you know, you're expecting someone to complain like, how long are these guys going to be in here? You know, like, you're expecting at least one of those. But we had none. But everyone understands, like they see, you know, they know that mutant is a local company. First of all, so they know that and they know that mutant, you know, has like, they, you know, they see, they're part of the juice bar, like all of our shakes, you know, we primarily make them with mutant. Because they, you know, they sponsor the juice bar. And they know that I have a relationship with them. And, you know, there's, there's several other brands like any brand that's on our shelf. We're very courteous to them. Like, we let them all shoot at the jam that's, you know, that sort of thing. Gotta have those symbiotic relationships. So, you know, it just works out and the members knew what's up. They all know what's up. You know what I mean? They're happening to some action around the gym. And I think a lot of people understand they're like, you know, they're like, oh, well, this is good for the gym. And this is my gym. Yeah. So there's like a pride to it. You know? It's good for the gym. I train at, you know? You know, it's, you see it as a positive. So yeah, it's awesome. Fun. You know, it's all fun. So, what are we, well, what else we talking about today? I do have some questions. Cool. I don't know if we're going right into questions or if you had some YouTube questions, you wanted to pull up or if we're just going to dive in. I have a couple of YouTube questions. I didn't, I didn't have a topic to. I did a topic. What's your topic? Look at you. Have you guys been on chat GPT yet? I don't even know what that is. Okay. It's the, it's the AI, the artificial intelligence that was uploaded to the internet a short time ago. I might have done. Yeah. And you can go on it. You can talk to it. And it's not, it's not perfect. Obviously, it's the early stage AI. I don't know how earlier, whatever. I don't know any that shit. Don't come at me. But what I do know is that it's pretty crazy to have some fun with. So it has access to the entire internet right. It's, it's an artificial intelligence that can read the entire internet. So it does get the odd thing wrong. Like, because, you know, it just, it can't put everything together perfectly. But it is pretty amazing to play around with. So for example, I, I asked it to write a song in the style of AC DC about owning a gym. Yeah. And it just spit out a song that is so great. And I could literally, as I'm reading the lyrics. And of course, you know, when you read like random lyrics that have no music, it all lyrics always sound cheesy, right? Yeah. But because because I asked it to do it in the style of AC DC, I was sort of like, I could kind of hear like, I was kind of trying to put like some music behind it as I read it. Yeah. Basic, you know, typical 4 4 B, you know. And I was like, wow, it did a pretty good job. Like, right. You know what I mean? Like it did a pretty good job. It was like pump it up slam the iron. Like it was like the, the lyrics all rhymed and there was verses and choruses. And, and it was structured the way an AC DC song would be structured, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. And then so I asked it to do one in the style of Metallica. And it came out, looked very similar. Verse chorus, verse chorus, you know, bridge, a stroke, you know. But the lyrics had a different like they were more Metallica. You know what I mean? It was just funny. Like I'm reading the lyrics. And I'm like, these are words that had field would use. Like it was, it was just, it was different. And then I asked it to do one in the style of a rock ballad. So I said do a rock ballad about owning a gym. And the first line is like standing at the door with my heart and my hand welcoming the members in. Like, and it just writes to a song. And, and it was really crazy. And then I asked it. I said, hey, write me a workout in the style of Dwayne the Rock Johnson. And it just spit out a push pull leg split that had a bunch of stuff in it that's clearly like you know how the rock gloves belt squats and the rock gloves is 20 rep safety bar squats and the rock loves, you know, certain exercises they literally had no kidding. Like belt squats were in there. So it hit, it's gowered the internet for everything that the rock has ever put out the regarding workouts. Wow. And it wrote one up. Wow. And it was actually a pretty good workout too. Like it wasn't dumb. Like it wasn't stupid long. It was actually a workout I looked as like you could give this to somebody and they'd do okay on it. Like it's, it's a workout. So it's push pull leg. It makes sense. Everything's there. And then it even had a little thing at the bottom. Please consult a physician before exercise. Like if you're in through that in there. That's wild. So yeah, I am familiar with this. I used it to mess, I messed around with it as well. People YouTubers were talking about using it to write their scripts. So I punched in like, you know, write a script for the costs of doing a bodybuilding contest. And he just had like this whole, you know, if you're considering doing a bodybuilding podcast, there's a little or a contest. There's a lot of costs that you may need to consider. And it just, like, listed them all out. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. And you can, it's it, so people go, oh well, how was that different from Google? It's, it's completely different. Because Google simply gives you links and access to information. This, you're having a conversation with this. Because you can say, like, I asked it to write, I was just thinking of like random stuff, right? I was like, uh, write a punk rock song about driving across Canada. Yeah. And it wrote like these punk rock lyrics like, you know, jumping in the van, cranking the tunes, we're head and know, like, it was like, you wrote a song about driving across the country. And then I said, but it was like long and had like three verses and everything. And I said, making a lot shorter. That's all I put. Yeah. Make it a lot shorter. And it just won't shrunk it down to two verses and a chorus made the, made the little bit faster. And then I said, add more psychedelic references. And it rewrote the song and it put in a line about making sure you got a ball on and your mushrooms. Oh, my god. Like it's like, you know, got my baggy of shrimps and my balling in my hand. Wow. And it dropped, he's getting in the van to drive across the land or whatever, like, it rewrites song with a psychedelic reference in there. And then I asked it to add a reference to Empire Strikes Back. Of course you did. First of all. And why would you not? It rewrote the song and it added a line. It added a line about running from a bounty hunter. I was blown away. That's why I was like, of all the references from Empire Strikes Back, it figured that one would be the best one because we're driving across a country. Like, it decided it could have wrote written a reference to any part of that movie. But it picked a bounty hunter part, right? Real sophisticated. I just saw it was crazy. You can do like this conversational stuff with it. Yeah. And it, and so my point is that people are already getting laid off apparently. Oh, no, it happened. These laying people off because you can say, like, I used to sit at my desk at mutant and they'd be like, hey, Ron, we need some new copy for ISO surge. We've got a new ad coming out. Okay. Some, we need like, you know, we all paragraph about this long and then some key phrases for the new ISO surge flavors. Yeah. And I'd write stuff up. Like, you know, are we going to use a word creamy? Or are we going to use the word tasty? And you have to decide like, which words are we going to use? And you're taking time to write this copy. Yeah. But you can just go write me a copy on a delicious tasting way isolette protein. Yeah. And I'll just go, you can just copy paste and it in. Yeah. No, make it shorter. You know, make it longer. Make it shorter. Change one word yourself edit it yourself handed in your done 10 minutes instead of sitting there for an hour. So there's people already. They're like, yeah, we don't really need you anymore. Sorry, bud. Yeah, I could totally see that that's wild, man. Yeah, I had it right one about some a gluteide to see what we'll have to say, right a speech about some a gluteide. And it popped one out. Three paragraphs. I'm going to say, uh, make that longer. And it popped it out. No, it's five paragraphs along. It's like, wow. And I read through it. And I was like, okay, this is all legit. But then there were some things you couldn't do. Like I said, um, semi gluteide for body builders. And they said semi gluteide is for, you know, insulin control. It's for a diabetic medication. Body builders would not benefit from it. Right. Right. Okay. Okay. There we go. So so there, because I was looking for how to break it, basically, you know what I mean? Definitely. So they have discovered there is definitely some, I don't know if you'd write them as safety's written in or whatever, but there's some bias written in for sure. Yeah. Because one guy, one guy on Instagram, he, uh, he put up a post. And it was, what was it was a screenshot of him asking chat GPT. What are, what are five things white people can improve? Okay. And it, and it listed five things. It was like, what were they? I want to know. And you know, one was one was a canic knowledge. They're privileged more. And then the next one is they can share space better or whatever. And then he said, what are five things Asian people can improve? And the answer was, this is not a fair topic. This is not, it's not a productive to have conversations about people like this in this way. And then he asked it about how to study people. And it gave the same answer. And then he asked it about black people and it said the same answer. So wouldn't list any criticisms of anyone bought it, did list criticism to the white people. Oh, really? Um, yeah. And then, and then I asked it. I wanted to play with it. So I didn't give it an opinion. I just gave it a topic. I said, write a song about mask mandates. Okay. Say, I didn't say good or bad. Right. There's just think of all the information on the internet about mask mandates. I figured it would be able to pull something. And it said, uh, it's not a good idea to divide people on topics that could result in death or something like that. So it wouldn't write a song about mask mandates. Maybe I could word my question just right. And I could trigger it to actually, I don't know. But but there's certain things that have been written into it for sure. Somebody is got their own little. Because, you know, in my opinion, an artificial intelligence should just literally be giving you straight up facts. Like, yeah. Like, oh, you want a song about personal source? Okay. Here's a song about purple dinosaurs. Like, it shouldn't have opinions. But it's definitely some opinions built into it. So it's, it's not dating. Let me ask you this. Dusty, if you were to write something right now, well, like, if you were to think of a topic, you would like to have something written about right now, because I'm sitting here at Jet, Jet, G-P-T. What would it be about? Oh, man. Any, any random talk it to me is it would be I'd like it to get some questions. No, you know, it's funny. I would go deep in that, because I would like to hear a topic that I didn't know a lot of the answers to, like, you know, for example, I just started that David Goggins and he reached the book. I would love more information on what makes him a super freak. Because there's a lot of things beyond just what he tells that they're out there. I think that I haven't seen. How do you spell Goggins do it? G-O-G-O-G-I-N. Okay. Oh, also you can make, you can make like small spelling mistakes, and it'll still understand you. Like, it doesn't make you correct them. That's great, because I'm terrible at spelling. Let's see here. You could say what makes David Goggins such a super freak. Let's see what it says. It's doing. It's doing it right now. It's writing right now. David Goggins is often referred to as a super freak due to his extreme physical and mental toughness. He has a retired US Navy seal in a former ultra marathon runner, no one for his incredible endurance and ability to push himself to the limit. He is completed. Numerous, grueling challenges, including running 100 miles in under 24 hours, and has a reputation as one of the toughest people on the planet. This combined with his unorthodox training methods has earned the nickname Super Freak dusty. So imagine if you're a zombie person. Imagine if you worked at somewhere in your boss was like, hey, we're putting up a thing that we need a thing on David Goggins. Can you write something about to go with this little article for David Goggins? Yeah. There's copy and paste that. Yeah. What if we were to ask about us? Like, um, it might not have enough information on us. I asked it about a few people like, like, tell me about this guy and it's like, oh, there could be many people with that name. Okay, we'll first see dusty handshells because I'm not famous enough maybe. Right about dusty handshells. The body builder. See what he is. Yeah. I'm sorry. I don't have enough information on a body builder named dusty handshells. How about you? Yeah, dusty handshells. The horror. Okay. Hold on. Oh, we, it's too long. I can't read it on here. I'm in a commission. So so much David. So I asked it to write a 300 word essay describing Dorian Yates training style. Okay. Yeah. And it wrote this 300 word essay that explained how Dorian trained and it was really accurate. And then I said, make it 500 words. That's all they put. Make it 500 words. I didn't refraze a question. I said, make it 500 words. And it just rewrote it with like extra paragraphs. And it was longer. It's crazy. Yeah. I asked you to do something about hitting this well. I could have just printed that and handed it in as an assignment or something if I was in college and I was writing an essay about something. I just fucking do that. What's it going to do to us? You know, or, or something. It's going to make my. There's already a lay in school. Yeah. Yeah. There already talking about how teachers, there's, there's all sorts of teachers now that are like, I don't know who's right and what. And what's actually being done. I can't tell. Wow. You know, and there's no plagiarism because it'll be a different, you know, you could have so 100 people ask that and it learns too. So it, it actually changes. So like if you come back six months later and ask it the same question again, I might give you a different answer because it's learning as it goes. It's crazy. What if you're the new version of us who wrote the same question right now and hit enter, would we all get a different variation? Yes. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe because I've asked it the same question multiple times and it pops something out differently. Oh, right. I do have to throw in. So I know guys, we usually go a little bit longer than this around had some tech issues and we have another show within interview that we're doing next. We only have like 15 minutes. Should we switch topics? Maybe jump into some stuff? Yeah, yeah. I got, I got, really. I don't show them. I just know. Yeah, we sure did. If um, okay, do, do, do, do, do, nobody had anything just me. I got some stuff here. Well, we start with this one while you look. I have a bunch. There are a lot of them are for my Instagram, but I can find there's three here that would be good. Okay. It's Jimmy Doppel. He says, uh, uh, the answer to my question really got me thinking. Thanks guys. He says question for the next episode. Uh, uh, what's the grossest food you have eaten for body building? For example, have you blended meat into a drink or have you eaten old food? So at the time it was delicious. But now going, I couldn't eat it again. It was just so dieted that you know what's good. You know what I mean? When you get really dieted and something tastes good. And then afterwards, like you're like, whoa, that was, yeah. I would take green beans like 100, you know, a couple hundred grams of green beans and I'd steam this out of them. Mm-hmm. Right. And then I'd put two cans of albacor tuna in the and mash it all out of the sauce thing. Right. Then I would take like how many grams I had, say 50 grams, 60 grams, 70 grams of those mini barbecue rice cakes. And I would just dump them on. That would just mash it all up. Yeah. Texturing and flavor. And see, had like this crunchy barbecue tuna, the like the casserole sort of thing going on. And I would just, you know, the judges sandwiches. Yeah, judges sandwiches. This guy just got saying, just disgusting. I'm hanging up. I'm hot in my hair. Yeah. Think about that for a minute. Think about what you just heard. All right. So, so Ron, what would you call him? I'm flying up. If you were in a restaurant, what would that, what would that meal be called? Because I know you don't like anything sneaking up on you. It would be the barbecue tuna crunch. That just sounds terrible. Because he didn't. Yeah. It's like, maybe. But so you didn't, you weren't there for this. Scott, but what bothers Ron, I'm going to make him explain this. Ron, what bothers you about reading what something is, you don't want any surprises. What does that mean? I don't want surprises. So I don't want you to say, um, like for example, steak and fries. What can I get for you? I'll have a steak and fries. Sounds good. And then the plate comes and maybe you got steak with a giant glob of garlic butter. No, all over it. And then you got salad with like salad dressing that's been poured all over it. And it's kind of running into your fries. Yeah. Then I'm okay. Right away, I have a whole bunch of problems. Yeah. Like this is not what I ordered. I know you think you're giving me a delicious meal, but you I said, steak and fries and you said, gotcha. Now I got a plate full of fucking, dude that I do it. So I don't like, I don't like, I want you to name the meal. You say, yeah, it's the steak fries salad and butter. Do want the steak fries sell them butter? Nope. Right. No, this is what's taking fries. Yeah. I didn't know about, you know, I've had some, I just don't like surprises, you know. You get, you know, and and restaurants do funny things. Restaurant do things to try to stand out and be different, right? Yeah. The like, oh, everyone does take in fries, but we're going to put this awesome giant like inch square cube of garlic butter. Extremely strong garlic butter on top of the steak, which just looks cool for a photo. Yeah. And then in about a minute, it's just running all over the plate and now your fries are like soaked in garlic butter and you're like, oh, I don't even like garlic butter. Like, yeah, I'm picky. Yeah. It's a problem. How about you dusty? You got anything? You know, I don't have anything like that because I never had a hard time putting my food down. Like, I didn't need to make some big thing, but I will say, I think everyone has done this where you, I was, I went to the USA as the first time with Chris and he didn't know what we were going to eat. So I literally made enough chicken enough fish and enough steak to cover every single meal for three days. Oh, yeah. So you got a lot of flitterly. So I bring a lot of food and I said, whatever I don't eat, I'll eat after the show. And I meant it. Like, I'm not going to waste any food. Yeah. Well, we ended up literally eating steak pretty much every meal. So I had all this fish and I was chicken left and the Monday or Tuesday after the show I went back home and I packed up my fish and my, you know, my rice and went to, went to the office and I'm working. Oh, time to eat. I took one bite. I was eating this garbage. I mean, as soon as you eat, normal food, for two days. So it's over. You realized that what you were eating, it was so delicious. You were just starving. Yeah. Fish is just fish now that it's traveled in a cooler. Several states has been in a hotel room for several days and has been traveled back home. You know, yeah. That's questionable. That's that all on zone solidity. You get, you start eating and you're like, okay, throw all this away, send an employee to go get me lunch. This is a mess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of little recipes and things. Just basic. Not even like psychotic like sandwich man here. And like you can't eat them after the fact. So Oreos are still Oreos is all I'm going to say. But yeah, those are a weird one. It's not really gross, but it's weird. And I don't see people doing this. So when I lived in Mexico, there were there were three seasons of avocados. So they had three every no matter what time of year it was. Like there was always avocados in season. And the place where I worked we would get this lunch buffet and they would set out a half of avocado peeled the pit taken out and a scoop of tuna fish plopped into it. And I was like, huh? Okay. So I grabbed a couple of, I grabbed one the first time. And it's like really creamy avocado. You know, it's a cut of piece and it was like really good. So when I started dieting and bodybuilding and I had fat, I started using that instead of mayo to mix my tuna fish. So I'd eat fish and I would mix the avocado and just like blend it in and use that in place to like turn it into like a tuna salad. It was actually really good. Put a little salt on that and not bad at all. But I didn't have a mix. No. It did. Yeah, for a little while. Yeah. Yeah. I stopped. Like 2003. I lived in Mexico for a while. When I worked in Metagraphs. No, when I worked in photography, we went down there for a while to work on some projects with the Santa Fe Photo Workshop and National Geographic. It was pretty cool. No way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think they know about Scott. I didn't know. Yeah. I, there's some of those stories I've never really told on the show before. I know those. I'll tell you guys some of that stuff sometimes. It was in this little town called Sammy Galdeliente. Jack Kerrwack lived there for a while when he wrote the book on the road. He talked about going to a bar there called La Cucaracha, the cockroach bar. And they were fights there. They were fights there. They were fights there every night. On the weekend. And the weekend was Wednesday through Sunday because the farmers would work like Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and after that, they'd come into town for the next few days. And literally, they'd be in that bar drinking until the sun came up. They didn't like close it to a, or anything like that. Yeah. And there was a fight there every night. It was a long, narrow building. And they would, you know, start midway back and literally that fight would roll out the front doors every every single night. I'd been there for one of them. I know. I know. I know. I know. Fight of farmer in Mexico. Drink. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to fight. I don't want to fight locals in a sketchy police state. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the police show up in the locals know them by name. And you're like the man out. Yeah. Yeah. The locals are like people. I'm not what he says. Yeah. Look at toes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Keep the races about it. I just like that. It's all. Yes. Well, for accuracy, the farmers more likely to be named Jose than Bob. So you're just being accurate. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Do you got one run? Yeah. If you could press the big red button and delete social media, would you and why? With that include the podcast. Exactly. What social media? I consider this social media. It's on YouTube. I wouldn't delete it at all. I'd be broke. Yeah. Yeah. Just destroy my life and my businesses. Yeah. Literally. I think I love when people get on this rant about social media. It's like, it, it's exactly what you said, Ron. Or I mean, Scott last week about bodybuilding. Social media did not do this to you. You did it. Since like you said about bodybuilding, like there are so many things now. You have changed my entire life. Scott with that line. It's amazing. There's nothing like social media is not bad. Stop following assholes. There you go. Handled. Someone's talking trash ignore them. Maybe don't screenshot their comment and put it in a story and wine about it. Yeah. Yeah. I would never just disagree. Just disagree. Just disagree. Just didn't happen to us. This engage. Here's my advice. If there's anything that comes through your feed that makes your anxiety go up anything. Like someone you, someone that kind of irritates you with the way they present themselves. Or someone who's kind of like maybe there's someone you know so you follow them and they follow you back. But their post saw was making you go, oh, it's fucking guy. But if there's anyone like that, just either if you don't want to unfollow them because you don't want to like, you know, you see them at the gym every day or you see them at work or whatever, you just mute them. You can just mute them. So you never see their stuff. I have so much muted on my Instagram. It's mind boggling. I mute everything that irritates me. If you even slightly irritates me, I just mute that person forever. Because I'm over it. I'm not taking part in this. This, I don't want any of that. Like that's what gets people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. Like what do you think? Scott, I mean, obviously our entire business. The three of us here would all be homeless if there wasn't for social media. Oh yeah. Yeah. We could like do only fans, but only fans wouldn't exist. So there's that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I know I'm with you guys 100%. And I, I like the line dusty because it is true. And you know, we, we can't, we engage with what we want, you know. So if you, if you, it is, I know people who are like, oh, I got to stay off social media because I get all involved in the politics and I get arguing with people, like Facebook for some reason, it's Facebook that people like, I gotta stay off of that, you know, because that's where all the arguments take place and whatever, you know, let people do their own thing and just do your own thing. You know, we have people, they come to the Facebook group for think big and they want to start trouble and I'm like, okay, listen, you know, maybe you don't belong here. But I don't have to say that because everybody else does in the mail-eaf, you know, they, they figured out, you know, pretty quick, same with, same with our comments, you know, it's like if you're going to be a jerk about it, it's like, well, we don't have to listen to you, you know, go, that's it. Yeah, you're in trash for me, I think it's funny. Yeah, don't be afraid. I don't even know for you, I don't even be afraid. Weird. I didn't even mute the hell out of your feed. Just mute everyone that irritates you. And I mean, it's mute everything that makes your blood pressure go up or, you know, that's something I, I have a couple of friends that every time I talk to them, I'm like, yeah, I was going and the first thing they say is like, oh man, you know, the government doing this and this and this and I'm like, okay, fair enough. But the fact that that's the first thing you brought up when I asked how you were doing, means you're like, you're just way too focused on stuff, you don't have, you shouldn't be thinking about this. Like don't you have a, you own a business. Like you have a family, I know you have kids. So why is the first thing you said when I asked how's it going, just so I got to do this and I heard they're going to do this and I heard you're going to do that. Like, man, there's there's certain amount of things I just got to get this engaged from like when Gary says like when we got, we got Terry. Okay. And the greener when when when when Gary V says like, we have been complaining about the rules, you know, quick complaining about the rules of the game and just win at the game. So yeah, that's my take. Okay. We got Terrence. We're going to wrap this one. Yes. Remember everybody like share subscribe comment. And now Dess has got a mute for his Rook the bow. He's muting the ring the bell. That's okay. And ring the bell. The ring the ring. They got for him. And remember, I am mutant calm. Big Ron 20 dusty 20 20% off for you. Hit up the website order your stuff. These new beanie's and t-shirts are going to be on their soon. So there's lots of, and the new two got five X on the shirts. Yeah, up to five X on the shirts. They're going big time on the shirts. So and I want to end too. Thank you guys so much for having me out. That was just an incredible thing. And I I can't even, I don't have the words. So I'll leave it at that. I will say thank you. Awesome. Thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding.